The prime ministers of India and Japan meet in Tokyo
The new prime minister of India, Narendra Modi, meets with his Japanese counterpart, Shinzo Abe, in Tokyo to discuss ties in the field of economy and security, within the framework of his first major overseas visit after winning the election in May.
Mr. Modi is in a five-day trip to Japan with the aim of strengthening economic ties with the world's third largest economy in the world.
At the top of the agenda plans to expand nuclear cooperation.
India also reportedly hopes for an agreement on defense cooperation between the two countries.
FANO Russia will hold a final session
The federal agency scientific organizations (FANO Russia) in conjunction with the Russian Academy of Sciences will hold a third session "an evaluation of the activities of scientific organizations."
The meeting will be final in a series of meetings conducted by the Agency in the course of the year, according to a press release, "in the editorial" strips Pravda.ru.
The third meeting is scheduled to summarize the work of the expert session for a year and a final list of indicators for assessing the effectiveness of scientific organizations.
Separately, conference participants plan to discuss the rules of the formation of expert groups responsible for assessing the work of scientific groups and criteria for evaluations.
The third session will be the final event in a series of events on the formation of a uniform for all three academies approach to the methodology for assessing the effectiveness of the activities of scientific organizations.
In the past five months, we managed it, and the final version of the regulations on coordination.
According to the results of the next session, we must complete the formation of naukometricheskiy processes and expert analysis, to negotiate the stages and timing of evaluation," said the head of the analytical department of Russia's FANO Elena Aksenov.
The event will be attended by the representatives of more than 100 scientific institutes in Russia.
The results are expected to adopt the resolution.
The meeting will begin at 10am on 16 September 2014 at the address: Moscow, Kentucky Street, home to 14.
Scientists have found a way to detect related stars
Astrophysicists from the University of California in Santa Cruz have examined the tower and its impact on the chemical homogeneity in clusters.
It is expected that the opening of specialists will search among the stars, i.e. arising from one cluster.
The results of their research, the authors published in the journal Nature, and briefly with them can be found on the website of the university.
The reason for the same chemical composition blizlezhayshie stars is the tower shuffler in the clouds of gas, which precedes the formation of stars.
Even if born star then leaves the star cluster, its chemical composition to define its place of birth and education in the region.
Previously, scientists have doubts that the evolution of a star cluster may lead to the emergence of differences in its chemical content from any relatives in the cluster.
The results of the simulation, conducted by astrofiziki, show that such differences should not appear.
In his study, specialists with the help of a supercomputer modeled two streams of interstellar gas, which together formed a cloud.
This object within a few million years under its own gravity into the cluster, which begin to be protozvezdy.
The scientists added paint marks in initial gas flows and found that, owing to the rapid the tower mixing in the cloud is a high degree of chemical homogeneity.
How do you think astrophysics, their research shows that they can find relatives on chemical composition, as well as to determine possible areas of education such objects.
Karratha Airport police arrested a 20-year-old after chasing a motorcycle at high speed
Motorcycle was confiscated after he drove at a speed of 125 km/h in the area with a speed limit of 70 km/h and through bushlend to escape from the police in the Pilbara.
The police patrol in Karratha Airport this morning tried to stop a blue motorcycle, finding that his speed reaches 125 mph, when he left the service station at Bathgate Road.
The police said that the cyclist had not stopped and continued movement in Burgess Road, then rolled in bushlend, resulting in a police lost it out of sight.
Motorcycle and man, an appropriate description of the driver, were spotted near the house on Walcott Way in Bulgarre.
Karratha Airport police have charged a 20-year-old man accused of failure to stop and dangerous driving.
He must appear before the world court Karraty on September 23.
Motorcycle was confiscated and detained for three months.
The academic year in the beginning no earlier than October
On September 1 academic year in the beginning, because only 10% of children in the region.
He said that education and science, the self-proclaimed republic of Igor Kostenok.
According to his words, schoolchildren left in other regions of Ukraine, 20% in Russia.
Training in schools on the territory controlled by the will begin before October 1.
However, teachers will be at work on September 1.
The investigation into the disaster - 204 Vnukovo in 2012
The Investigative Committee of Russia completed a criminal investigation into the accident aircraft - 204 in Vnukovo in December 2012.
It was reported today in the UK.
"Moscow regional investigative management on the transport of the Investigative Committee of Russia completed an investigation of the accident aircraft - 204 airline Red Wings" at Vnukovo International on December 29, 2012, on the evidence of a crime, provided in Part 3 of Article 263 of the Criminal Code of the Russian Federation/violation of the rules of traffic safety and the operation of air transport, which caused the death of two or more ," said in a message to the agency.
The cause of the accident was the failure of the crew of standard procedures and increased speed in the landing.
George Webster accused of rape in hotels in Neyrne and Pitlochry
A man appears in court on charges of rape of women in two hotels.
George Webster, 28, had been charged during the hearing of the High Court in Glasgow.
Presumably, he raped a woman in a hotel "Scotland" in Pitlochry, Perthshire, on June 7, 2013.
Ostensibly, Webster attacked her when she was unconscious, slept and was not in a position to give consent ."
In addition, Webster is accused of raping another woman in the hotel "Golf View" in Neyrne, which is located on the northeast Scottish Highlands, on May 4, 2014.
Judge Lady Ray appointed hearing at the High Court in Edinburgh on November 17.
Lavrov: Russia will not "slam the door" in connection with new sanctions and will not withdraw from the WTO
Russia will not "slam the door" in connection with new sanctions.
This was announced today, Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov, speaking to students and teachers of MGIMO.
As far as our response to the case of a new wave of anti-Russian sanctions, then I am not even going to speculate, because everything should be specifically intended," he said.
And when we understand that the spodobyatsya at this time of European and American partners, then we will make decisions about how to respond.
This will not be associated with of slamming doors, some grievances, falsely understood," said the minister.
We are, above all, we will start from our interests, interests to protect its economy, social sphere, our citizens, our business and make conclusions from the actions of our partners on the subject of their adequacy, independent voice and reliability.
Those steps are taken in the field of sanctions, can be very good, what are partners," the head of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs.
If the vote say that "these sanctions will be too painful, but we have to go to Russia to punish" is probably not very adequately ."
With regard to the WTO entry of the Russian Federation in response to possible new sanctions, it is not.
We, on the other hand, we want to learn the tools of the WTO, including when it comes to trade disputes," said Lavrov.
We have the tools to overcome, as we believe, the discriminatory policies of the EU in relation to anti-dumping procedures.
According to the minister, Russia is accused of dumping, and when it is used against sectors of the economy of anti-dumping measures.
"Zadeystvovat we are ready to WTO mechanisms and to uphold our position on the inadmissibility of applying the norms of the third EU energopaket retrospectively," said Lavrov.
How to use the Lilacs in garden design?
The questions is Irina's Okuneva:
Since the Lilacs after the fading loses its main attraction, it is desirable to disembark along with other shrubs.
It is perfectly compatible with many cultures.
At the same time near the lilacs can and should sit as plants, ornamental in other terms, as well as flowering at the same time with her.
Another plus the Lilacs in that it provides plenty of opportunities for creativity.
You can shape it shtambovyy laying huge different height, bush, bush with a broad base and even a semblance of bonsai is laying huge fancifully bent stvolik.
Just select the form, which corresponds to the design of your garden.
In Karelia for the sale of counterfeit money was sentenced a resident of the Leningrad region
According to the Interior Ministry, the man was involved in his criminal pursuits in Olonets and Segezhsky areas.
In addition, he committed similar crimes in other regions of the country.
In particular, the defendant has already nasledit in the Vologda region, where in the spring of this year, he was sentenced to two and a half years in prison.
Later, a man appeared at Olonetsky District Court.
But for the end of the investigation of crimes committed in our republic, was transferred to Segezha.
In the course of the investigation proved guilty on several episodes of selling counterfeit money, dating to the summer of 2013.
At the end of June this year, the materials of the criminal case with the indictment were forwarded to the court.
On Friday, August 29, the court ruled to replace imprisonment for four years with a sentence in a standard regime penal colony.
The sentence came into force.
Recall that last week convicted two sbytchik fake money, which bore them in the shops.
Citizens of Azerbaijan arrived in Karelia from St. Petersburg.
One of them is deprived of liberty for five years, another four.
Each was fined 500 thousand rubles.
The sentence also in force has not yet entered.
In the 73rd anniversary of the arrival of the first convoy "dervish"
The meeting, which took place in the regional center, was dedicated to the first arkticheskomu we got.
"Dervish" delivered in Soviet military aid from the United States and Britain.
At a rally in memory of the chapel of the stone monument in the northern members of the convoy, which is located on the sea front promenade Sedov in Solombal.
The event gathered representatives of veterans' organizations, children from the cadet class.
For the first time we got twenty three years ago, when it was laid of the chapel stone.
But at the same time, today's event is not a holiday, and a day of remembrance of those who have not returned to the sea," said chairman of the board of the Northern Shipping Company Boris Karpov.
Then, at an event sponsored by the city's brass band, and the pupils of the cadet classes gave veterans flowers and marched with the flags of Russia and the banner of victory.
The meeting ended with the laying of flowers of the chapel stone.
The convoy consisted of five British vessels and one Dutch transport, strategically important raw materials (10,000 tons of rubber, 1,500 tons of uniforms, boots, tin, wool, and a lot of other equipment and equipment).
In addition, aboard ships and weaponry and 3,800 deep bombs and magnetic mines, 15 Hurricane, in the state.
The escort convoy was comprised of 16 naval ships in the UK, among which were two aircraft carriers.
Karavan courts had not been found and safely reached its destination.
All of the 848 ships involved in the vital operations of the moneychangers, killing 126 vehicles and about 50 military courts.
In the framework of the "autumn" amateur film festival
From 10 to 12 September in Blagoveshchensk amateur film festival "KinAmur" will be held in the framework of the "autumn."
Local cinema-goers will be able to take part in master classes and screenings of the festival of theatre and cinema.
On 10 September, participants "KinAmura" will take part in the workshop of famous directors, creative meeting and showing "short film": "A man of" good, "before leaving in the" orange, "Arys" field ."
On September 11, spetspokaz "fire under the board" director Simon Rudenko.
On September 12, will host a ceremony closing the festival "KinAmur," which will be summed up and named the winners of the festival.
The amateur film will be held on several nominations.
For the first time there will be cartoons: the festival selected three animated film.
All are participating in the festival of 11 authors.
The next year its participants are planning to exhibit at the retail level, the press-service of the city administration.
Recalling the very American ideal that labor rights are human rights
Keith Ellison and John Lewis have proposed a bill, under which the organization of trade unions is protected by civil law.
"Where are the unions and middle-class jobs," said Ellison, a Democrat from Minnesota, who is co-chairman of the Congressional Progressive faction.
That's why I proudly represent the act of expanding the rights of workers, along with a symbol of the movement for civil rights, John Lewis.
This innovative bill would give workers the same legal opportunities for discrimination against trade unions, and other forms of discrimination, stopping opponents of trade unions
The change of the law on the regulation of labour relations in such a way as to allow workers, with discrimination for participation in the organization of trade unions, to seek justice in civil courts and receive compensation for damages and punitive payments - a sensible and necessary initiative.
But it is certainly not a radical initiative - at least by American standards.
In fact, the best way to deal with the fact that Ellison, Lewis and the coauthors of the bill, to remember the very American idea.
Despite the attacks, which unions have faced in recent years, in Wisconsin, Michigan and other states across the country -- Americans once supported countries around the world in order to adopt, to extend and respect labour rights.
It was the time that still remember millions of Americans, when this country simultaneously defended democracy, freedom of speech, freedom of the press and the right to organize.
When the United States occupied Japan after World War II, Gen. Douglas MacArthur and his aides have helped the country to adopt the constitution to guarantee that paramilitary autocracy Khideki Todzë was replaced by democracy.
Fully aware that workers and their unions play a role in the formation of a new Japan, they have included text that explicitly recognized that "the right of employees in the organization, and on the negotiations, and the collective action is guaranteed."
When the United States occupied Germany after World War II, General Dwight David some inconvenience to yourselves and his aides helped the Germans to write the constitution, which guaranteed that the fascism of Adolf Hitler was replaced by a strong democracy.
Recognizing that workers will need to organize and be heard in the new state, the Germans have included an article that explicitly stated: "The right to form associations with the aim to protect and improve labour and economic conditions will be guaranteed to every person and every profession or sphere of activity.
The agreements, which restrict or seek to hamper this right, will not be valid; measures aimed at these goals will be deemed illegal.
When former first lady Eleanor Roosevelt was the chairman of the International Commission on Human Rights, which constituted the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, which in 1948 will be adopted by the United Nations as a global agreement, Roosevelt and the drafters have included a guarantee that "everyone has the right to organize and join unions to protect their interests."
Generations of Americans have taken for granted basic provisions that labor rights are human rights.
When this country on other countries about how to create civil and democratic societies, Americans have explained that the right to organize unions and to ensure that this union was engaged as an equal partner in collective bargaining with corporations and government agencies - should be protected.
Now, when these rights are under assault in America, wisely, indeed, return to the American ideal that working people should have the right to organize and to ensure that their voices were heard in a free and open society.
The Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. said fifty years ago:
History is a great teacher.
Now everyone knows that the trade union movement has not undermined the power of the nation, but they increased.
Raising living standards of millions, unions miraculously created a market for industry and raised an entire nation on the staggering level of production.
Those who attacked unions, forget these simple truths, but history remembers them.
History remembers, as should we.
The official recognition of labour rights as human rights and enhance the protection of civil rights, in order to prevent discrimination against trade union organization is long overdue.
Keith Ellison and John Lewis, which historically expanded America and made a promise to the reality of democracy.
The judge temporarily blocks the law, which could close all abortnye clinics in Louisiana
A US federal judge on Sunday temporarily blocked the introduction of the law in Louisiana, about which his supporters say that he is likely to close all five abortnye clinics in the state.
According to this measure, which was signed by the execution of Louisiana's governor Bobby Dzhinadlom in June and would enter into force on September 1, doctors who do abortions, must have been empowered patients in the hospital within 30 miles of their practice.
Nevertheless, the judge's decision means that at the moment doctors can continue to make legal abortion, while continuing to seek such authority.
"Isttsam will be allowed to work legally, continuing efforts to obtain the authority," wrote in his decision, Judge John deGrevellz.
The hearing will be scheduled within a month, at which the judge will take the more permanent solution to this law.
Advocates of the right to abortion gladly welcomed this decision, the latest in a series of decisions against similar measures, saying that it will give doctors more time to get the hospital authority.
"Today's decision ensures that women in Louisiana will be protected from the insidious law, which seeks to deprive their health and rights," said Nancy Nortap, president and chief executive of the Center for Reproductive Rights, which filed a lawsuit to stop the law on behalf of three out of five clinics in the state.
It was not immediately clear whether the decision by doctors from two clinics, who were not plaintiffs in this case, and also filed an application with the authority.
Louisiana is one of 11 states that have adopted similar laws, and courts recently recognized such measures unconstitutional in Alabama and Mississippi.
Key parts of the Texas law, which would shut down most of the remaining clinics in the state, were blocked by a federal judge on Friday.
Activists on the right to abortion, along with the American College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists and the American Medical Association say that the laws of acceptance of the authority to impose restrictions on doctors, which are not necessary in terms of medicine.
Abortion opponents argue that such measures are aimed at protecting women's health, although some also noted their positive effect in closing clinics.
Only one doctor, who makes abortion in Louisiana, has the authority of a reception in the hospital, said the Center for Reproductive Rights.
If all the other doctors in the state will be forced to cease to perform this procedure, the doctor, fearing for their safety, would cease to perform this procedure," she told the group.
In his criticism of this decision, Louisiana officials said that they will not punish doctors doing abortions, as long as their statement on the authority of the reception awaiting decisions.
That would lead to the introduction of quotas on domestic products
At least half of the products for each type of product in the range of trading networks should be Russian-made, said Duma deputy from Just Russia faction Oleg Nilov.
The parliamentarian has drafted a bill aimed at the introduction of protective measures in relation to domestic producers, writes the newspaper Izvestia.
The document will still detalizirovatsya to avoid possible discomfort for buyers.
This applies to goods that are not manufactured in Russia.... By other groups of products that are produced in Russia, the retailer will be required to provide at least half of its domestic producers," said Nilov edition.
Together with the amendments to the article "on the basis of state regulation of commerce in Russia," the bill provides for the amendment of the Tax Code, establishing a reduced VAT rate of 10% while sales of products produced in Russia.
The idea to introduce a 50% quota in the trade network is included in the stimulus for Russian producers.
The shelves will appear in several times more domestic goods.
However, the initiative may have both positive and negative effects, say experts.
According to the company's lawyer "Nalogovik," a member of the independent expert center "Duma" Sergei Litvinenko, for the Russian economy, as well as for domestic agricultural and food industries, the effect will be positive in nature, and will lead to growth.
Plus farmers, farmers, small shops.
They will be able to sell more, and this means that profits will grow.
In addition, they will have the right to dictate their terms and prices, because those will be forced to buy their goods.
Russian manufacturers will be able to increase their activities and sales, which will lead to paying higher taxes than before.
This will increase revenues, which will create new jobs, some industries will grow faster handled, would be a contribution to GDP growth.
Russia's dependence on foreign food may be reduced in a few times, though not immediately ," said the expert.
Earlier, Russian companies often could not reach the local stores because of the high competition from foreign counterparts.
Now, after the imposition of the embargo, this niche gained and sigh of relief.
But we should not forget that after all the necessary approvals and sanitary checks on the Russian market of food products from the countries of Latin America, Turkey and Serbia.
In other words, now the "moment of silence," when the former players are already gone, and new ones have not yet come.
After nearly a month, you can talk about the increased demand on domestic raw materials, as well as rising prices for finished products, "said F first Vice President of the Russian public organization" Russian club CFOs, Tamara Kasyanov.
Certainly, the idea to sell in each category at least 50% of Russian food products will consolidate the sector for local producers.
In this case, they will compete with each other, and not with goods, which are at the expense of other state subsidies, which are cheaper.
In other words, the struggle for the buyer will unfold between companies, working on a single industry laws.
On the other hand, said Kasyanov, Russian producers are able to satisfy 50 domestic needs not on all articles.
And in this situation, retailers will have to "dotyagivat" share of Russian goods up to half of the range.
In connection with this growing fears that the shelves will be substandard goods.
Perhaps, under the guise of produced in Russia will be supplied to foreign products with perebitymi "labels," adds an expert.
The negative effect from the introduction of quotas will retailers, especially those who cooperate with importers.
It is logical that this scenario will be hurt and their foreign suppliers, because demand for their products will be reduced.
Litvinenko did not rule out that the law on quotas for domestic goods may affect on consumers.
The fact is that some Russian-made products can afford to lose as foreign counterparts, while stores will force prices up on the second, as a scarce commodity.
The shoring in the early 2000s, the idea of economists again in February this year because of the continued devaluation of the ruble.
Now, against the backdrop of difficult relations with the West, the question of refusing to import products becomes even more urgent.
The law aims to compel retailers under orders of suppliers to reckon with domestic producers.
Then we are much faster and more confident we will go the way of import substitution, and the system of production planning for the necessary types of products will be created in a shorter period," said deputy Oleg Nilov.
The most effective mechanism quotas will be for those agricultural sectors, where capacity is especially high, for example, in the dairy industry, where the share of imports amounted to 25%.
Our farmers are able to fully cover Russian stores.
In addition, a powerful impulse can get meat and dairy production.
As it is known, the largest share of imports of beef from 30 to 35.
It turns out, 65 - 70% are still on Russian products," says Kasyanov.
The experts are of the view that the introduction of quotas on domestic products will contribute to importozameshcheniyu and can accelerate this process.
However, in itself, this initiative will not, because for a package of measures, I am sure Mr. Litvinenko.
In any case, 50% of the goods under this initiative still can be brought from abroad, and therefore, the full import substitution will not happen, but significant steps in this direction will be done.
In addition, there is little to set quotas, still need to establish the country's production of domestic products, so that these quotas to meet.
These quotas just such guarantees and provide ,"" stated an expert.
H.7 Nesvoevremenno diagnosis and lack of access to optimal treatment mean that ovarian cancer in rural areas kills more
Angelina Jolie and her brother James published a video memory of their late mother, who died from ovarian cancer in 2007.
Women, proshchivayushchie in rural Australia, faced with a higher risk of death from ovarian cancer than those living in cities.
The researchers analyzed maps of the disease more than 1,100 Australian women diagnosed with ovarian cancer in 2005, found that only 35 percent lived five years after he was diagnosed.
Lead researcher Susan Jordan of the Institute of Medical Research QIMR Berghofer reported that likely to die during the study on 20 percent higher among those who live in regions and remote areas in the state, than those who live in urban areas.
NEBOLSHOE STUDY: new drugs can slow lung cancer and ovarian cancer
The researchers tracked the health of women for seven years.
Dr. Jordan said that the age of the woman at the time of diagnosis, type of ovarian cancer, the availability of current diseases and the status also influenced the likelihood of survival.
Women are older and those who have cancer was in the later stage at the time of the diagnosis, had the lowest survival rates.
For those who lived in the regions or remote areas in the state, likely to die during the study was 20 percent higher than for those who lived in urban areas.
Although the study was not intended to determine why women living outside cities, with a greater likelihood of dying from ovarian cancer, Dr. Jordan suggested that the diagnosis and lack of access to optimal treatment is possible factors.
"This disease is best treated protection of gynaecological oncology, and they are mainly located in big cities," she said.
Despite the improvement of the quality of telehealth services, in order to reduce the impact of distance, she suggested that an increase in the number of services on the exit, which will allow specialists to treat women closer to home, and programs to support people who are treated far from their home, can help.
Dr. Jordan said that regardless of geographic location, the study found that prolonged life expectancy among women with ovarian cancer was rare, highlighting the need for more effective treatment and prevention strategies.
The study, financed by Rio Tinto Ride to Conquer cancer, will be published today in the Medical Journal of Australia.
In March 2012, at the age of 33 years, a young mother with Gold Coast Elishe McIntosh said that she had an aggressive form of ovarian cancer.
In September, Kuzhenersky District doors new FAP
The construction of a medical institution in the village of Toktaybelyak was launched in April this year and was conducted on a standard design.
The cost of the work was slightly more than 10 million rubles.
According to the management of public relations and information of the Head of Mari El, financing the construction of the facility was implemented at the expense of the national budget in accordance with the Targeted Investment Program.
The total area of the therapeutic institution is almost 230 square meters.
It will provide medical assistance to residents of eight villages: villages Toktaybelyak and villages, Dementevo Pyuncheryumal, Tunya Fomichi, Toraybelyak Shinur and Chashkayal.
The new feldshersko item will replace the current FAP, whose building was built in 1918 and has long been its resource, and its premises do not meet sanitary requirements.
The new facility will open in the near future.
Ubivshaya four-monthperiod son drink-driving novocheboksarka appears in court
A resident of Chuvashia on trial for the murder of her own child.
The Cheboksary completed an investigation in respect of the 31 year-old women Novocheboksarsk, accused of causing death by negligence.
The investigation established that on 26 July this year, obvinyaemaya together with four-month son arrived at the celebration of the birth of his child secca in Cheboksary.
After a lengthy repast novocheboksarka decided to stay on the guests and ulozhila baby.
When the night baby woke up and cried, netrezvaya woman put him beside him on the bed, to feed his chest, but soon asleep.
During the woman's sleep navalilas son, the result that he died from suffocation.
The criminal case, the press-service of the Chuvashia, in court.
Inflation got out of the holiday.
Pochuvstvuyut most Russians do not even a sharp rise in oil prices
As a result of the sanctions against Russia and the West inflation in Russia and did not meet the government's forecasts, convinced analysts "VTB Capital."
According to experts, antisanktsii delayed consequences will lead to an inflationary shock in the first quarter of 2015, writes RBC Daily.
According to the latest forecast, the Ministry of Economic Development in 2014 inflation is estimated at 6. 5 - 7%, in the next year and less than 6%.
However, according to the newspaper "Kommersant," this week the MAYOR should make a "small but fundamental" changes in the macroeconomic forecast up to 2017.
According to the newspaper, the agency may lower inflation estimate for 2015, which would eliminate the expected income growth of the population.
The forecast suggested that Russian food sanctions remain in force until August 2015.
How in such a situation could be as high as inflation?
The current situation requires a one-time shock, but downtrends inflation trend will not change," said a source in the Finance Ministry.
Economists from "VTB Capital" do not share the expectations of the financial and economic bloc to the government on inflation and predict rising prices in 2014 at a rate of 8%.
The main effect of food bans will come together with the possible introduction of tax sales (GAP) in 2015, convinced experts.
Inflation peaked in February, after which the annual growth rate of prices will go on recession, experts say.
By the way, last week Rosstat summarized the first inflation results after Russia imposed a "neat" sanctions.
Argumenty i Fakty interviewed experts and found their inflationary expectations.
Artem's Deeva, head of the analytical department of FC Securities:
Rising prices have already been observed on basic goods segments.
Moreover, when it began to appreciate socially important products, the government has been forced to launch systematic measures to monitor price stability, in order to prevent the risks of rising prices in the short term.
Suppliers and retailers are already on a daily basis before the regulatory authorities, so that the authorities knew who, when and for what reason will raise prices.
Key factors increase the consumer price index continues to be a whopping rate of capital outflows, excessive refinancing of the banking sector from the Russian side, the internal conversion to the cause of the exodus of the population in foreign currency, as well as the embargo on the import of food products from countries adherence to the sanctions against Russia.
If inflationary pressures remained under control, the cost of a minimum set of products would not have jumped over one quarter.
The ban on the import of food products triggered a supply shock on the domestic market and led to an entirely logical increases the ultimate cost.
Because at the current stage, we cannot fully launch mechanism, as well as to increase the self-sufficiency of the Russian market at the expense of domestic production, retaliatory sanctions will continue to bear the risks rise in an inflationary component.
If you add more and fiscal reasons associated with the lack of confidence in the national currency, as well as ukhudshennymi prospects for economic growth, by the end of this year, inflation may well exceed 8%.
Alexander Razuvaev, director of the analytical department of "Alpari"
In the 1990s, inflation sometimes reached 20 - 30% in the month, it was also above the current level, another thing that then it is offsetting rapid economic growth.
I think, at the end of the year, inflation will be 8 - 8. 5.
Plato Maguta, manager of UK assets "Magut Fund"
The external factor associated with sanctions against Russia, while successfully contained, but if there is further pressure, above all, the financial sector - this could lead to certain difficulties and increase inflation expectations of the population, which traditionally are usually purchases of currency in order to secure their savings.
One would assume that the government, the Central Bank of the Russian Federation and the Ministry of Finance will mitigate the weakening of the ruble, as market practices and government regulation.
But the rise in prices begins traditionally after summer and, perhaps, this autumn will become more meaningful.
The target level of consumer inflation in Russia at 7. 5, is likely to fall, because Russia has more financial savings.
Sadovodcheski centers mourn the decline in the number of homeowners
This fall, due to the reduction in the number of homeowners aged less than 35 years, could lead to the fact that horticultural centers will start to lose tens of millions of pounds a year, when today's young consumers will reach the age of gardening ," according to the study of the HTA, which told the Financial Times.
According to this report, people, housing, spend an average of 55 percent of the amount that homeowners spend on gardening.
It cited an increase in the number of people living in vysokourbanizirovannye areas without gardens, the popularity of asphalting yards in front of the house for parking and reducing the size of the garden as other factors, the threat to the industry, the annual volume of sales which, for an estimated £5 billion.
In Greater London, where the number of homeowners fell from 61 percent to 43 percent for six years, the lowest in the UK level of spending on goods for gardeners in the household.
HTA and Royal Horticultural Society reported that housing and lack of space for a garden does not mean that people can't grow plants.
Guy Barter, chief adviser on gardening at the RHS, said: "The cultivation of plants in containers, for example, is especially popular with tenants, which can carry plants with themselves, when they travel.
The HTA has defined the period between 1997 and 2005 as the "golden age" of retail goods for gardening as a result of an increase in the number of homeowners and economic prosperity since the late 1980s until the mid-1990s.
It also predicted that the market will improve this year, thanks to more good weather after adverse conditions in March and April last year.
The Ministry of Agriculture conducted a mass purge in the fund "horticulture"
Three of the four chiefs of the fund "horticulture" were replaced by as early as Friday.
In total, three of the four chiefs of the fund "horticulture" were replaced by as early as Friday.
Officially, the ministry of agriculture in Bulgaria only reported the dismissal executive director Bornosuzov Dobrev.
His place has been taken by Losana Videnov.
It turned out that Friday were two of the three deputy executive directors of the fund.
Osvobozhdena Deputy Executive Director Tatyana Angelov, which until this time was responsible for state aid and SAPARD program, said BGNES with reference to the newspaper "Trud."
I did not attend the Board of Governors of the Fund, because under the law, we are not members of the leadership, but I was told later that I was released.
I can't say why about my dismissal is not reported on the website of the fund.
I am on vacation.
I hope that I know more on Monday," said Angelov.
Her place will be Ivanka Bagdatov, which until now has been the head of "investment" in the central fund in "horticulture" in Sofia.
He was released as Deputy Executive Director Nicholas Dachev.
Until this moment, he was responsible for direct subsidies for fields, to be paid to the EU.
In his place will be appointed?ingo Zhivkov, who was the head of the regional directorate of the fund "horticulture" in the city of Veliko Tarnovo until January 2014.
His post has only deputy chief fund Atidzhe Aliyev Kavlak.
Currently, she is responsible for the development of rural areas.
The official reason for all changes in the agency are not mentioned.
Turkey is an American diplomat in connection with a message about espionage
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Turkey was the most senior American diplomat in the country for clarification in connection with the report on American and British espionage in Turkey.
Deputy Prime Minister Ecevit said that the US attorney and Turkish officials discussed a report on Monday.
The German magazine "Der Spiegel" and the online magazine "The Intercept" reported that the documents provided by former NSA contractor Edward Snowden, show that Turkey was a priority subject for American and British intelligence services.
According to Turkish news agencies, Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan preumenshil the importance of this message, saying that all major countries spying for each other.
Previously, soobshchavshayasya information about the fact that the main intelligence agency in Germany also made the subject of intelligence, has provoked more angry response from the Turkish government.
Major Chinese companies teamed up against Alibaba
Chinese companies, which are among the largest in China's commercial real estate developer Dalian Wanda Group and Internet giant Tencent Holdings (social networks, COMMUNICATOR, etc.) and Baidu (the largest Chinese search engine), creating a company that will compete in the market for online commerce with Alibaba.
However, to catch up with the miracle of the Chinese Internet, which has left behind even its American rivals, eBay and Amazon.com, will not be easy.
Major Union
The companies plan to invest in a joint venture between 5 billion yuan (814 million dollars), 70% of it will belong to Wanda and 15% of each of the Internet companies, said in a message of Wanda Group.
Register a firm plan in Hong Kong.
The venture will incorporate search services Baidu with popular social platform WeChat (BSRC sotsset in China, the number of users is about 438 million people), Tencent and infrastructure.
In addition to a network of 40 luxury hotels group Wanda manages at least 49 commercial properties throughout China and 40 shopping centers.
Last year the company has invested 50 billion yuan (more than dollars 8 billion) in the construction of the film studio and theme park attractions in Tsindao city on China's east coast of the Yellow Sea).
It is expected that the project will attract more than 1 million visitors annually and generate profits at the level of dollars 960 million.
In addition, Wanda is owned by the American network of movie theaters, the AMC Entertainment Holdings, which makes the company the largest cinema operator in the world.
By 2015, Wanda plans to equip all its shopping centers, hotels and places of entertainment services e-commerce, which will just create a competitor to Alibaba.
According to Dong Tse, who will head the new company, thanks to the merger will increase the number of users of its services to e-commerce with the current 40 million people up to 100 million by next year.
The new site should become the world's largest online offline platform," said Dong Tse.
The essence of the online offline (O2O) commerce lies in attracting customers to the Internet, so that they come in ordinary offline stores or buying other traditional services.
The classic example O2O are services for sale coupons like Groupon or Vigoda.
"O2O is one of the biggest" pie "in online commerce," said the head of Wanda Wang Tszyanlin (quote by Bloomberg).
"Now the real O2O in China does not exist, and in this situation, the chances are all equal," he said.
The Chinese market for Internet commerce is the largest in the world, and, according to McKinsey & Co., its volume will increase by more than three times by 2015 compared with 2011, up to dollars 395 billion.
The number of Chinese Internet users rose to 632 million, Bloomberg official statistics: it is more than the population of any country in the world, with the exception of India.
And according to forecasts, by 2015, this number could grow to 850 million people.
The Union of the richest
The head of Tencent Ma Khuaten until recently was the richest man in China, but, according to an index of millionaires Bloomberg, Alibaba founder Jack Ma has already surpassed him on the $5 billion.
Jack Ma is estimated at dollars 21, 8 billion, of which dollars 11 billion on its stake in Alibaba.
Baidu Chief Executive Robin Li now ranks third among the richest men in China, while Wang Tszyanlin from fourth place on the rankings.
"This battle is very interesting: the three richest people combine efforts to challenge even more rich," said Bloomberg, director of the Chinese center for the study of electronic commerce in Hangzhou Cao Lei.
But he believes that the new company is unlikely to compete seriously with Alibaba immediately after the creation: "Rome could not be built for one day."
The fact that Alibaba tak‑to not just compete not only new companies, but also a respected leaders of the global Internet commerce, published on the eve of a report on the financial performance of Alibaba over the last quarter.
Alibaba is often described as something of a cross between eBay and Amazon.com, but from April to June, the Chinese company earned more than both its American competitor together.
The net profit of Alibaba for a period of almost two times higher than similar summirovannyy competitors - it has grown nearly three times per year and totaled $1 billion.
"Alibaba still has huge potential for generating money, largely thanks to its mobile applications," said Bloomberg report analyst gonkongskoy Arete Research Service.
According to the updated prospectus of Alibaba on the website of the Commission on the Securities and Exchange Commission in the United States, the number of active mobile users services company in July totaled 188 million, significantly higher than the March figure (163 million people).
At the same time, 8% of all transactions, Alibaba last quarter on mobile devices.
Alibaba will call the value of its shares before the IPO.
According to the average estimate of 11 analysts surveyed Bloomberg, the company could be valued at $187 billion after the sale of shares.
According to Bloomberg sources, Alibaba debut on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) could be held on September 16.
Road show precedes the event, which starts on September 3.
It is expected that Alibaba IPO will be a record in the history of the NYSE and will allow the company to raise about $20 billion.
So far, the record for the amount borrowed on US stock funds belonged to the Visa system, which in 2008 held the placement of its shares, earning $17 billion.
No less than half of food commodities in trade networks should be Russian-made, according to the State Duma deputies.
They developed a draft law on this topic.
We are talking about changes in Article 8 of the Federal Law " on the basis of state regulation of commerce in the Russian Federation and the Tax Code.
The purpose of this document is the introduction of protective measures in respect of Russian food producers.
An important clarification, according to the bill, not less than 50 percent of domestic production of products in stores should be for each type of product.
However, the document will be taken into account that there are goods that are not manufactured in Russia, for example, vegetables and fruits in the winter, so for them will be made "discount" to avoid a possible discomfort for buyers.
At the same time the draft law introduces a change in the Tax Code of the Russian Federation, establishing a reduced VAT rate of 10% of all food commodities, the country of origin which is Russia, according to the newspaper Izvestia.
On August 27 in the lower house of parliament introduced a bill amending the Law "on the retail markets," which proposes to revive farmers' markets, on which small producers will be able to sell their products.
The chief of police Magalufa indicted in corruption
The plaintiffs presented evidence of extortion by the police and municipal officials Kalviya at the office of the state prosecutor on Friday.
The chief of police Kalviya on the resort island of Mallorca was arrested as a result of allegations of corruption on the part of businessmen and owners of bars in the notorious center of rampant alcoholism known, Magaluf.
Chief Inspector Jose Antonio Navarro was placed in custody as a result of corruption charges against him by several businessmen from Punta Ballin, the street, which is the majority of bars and nightclubs known, Magaluf.
According to the daily online newspaper Diario, the plaintiffs presented evidence of extortion by the police and municipal officials Kalviya in the office of the prosecutor in the fight against corruption in Friday.
Another two local police officers were arrested by the National Guard in Spain in connection with allegations of corruption and will be questioned by the judge, along with Navarro.
Spanish daily newspaper ABC reported that disgruntled owners of clubs say that protectionism on the part of the authorities seriously reflected on the state of their business.
"It is no longer a question of how to earn money, we are talking about how to survive," said the court of one of the businessmen.
We cannot jeopardize our livelihoods.
We have nothing to lose.
Known, Magaluf was involved in the international press headlines this summer after a popular video on YouTube, which was shown an 18-year-old British camper, made blowjob 24 men during the race at the bar.
The government of the island has since been trying to stop hooliganism in drink-driving among vacationers known, Magaluf, negating the minimum number of scandalous known alcoholic jockey's over the bar.
In addition, the club Playhouse, where the incident took place with blowjob, was forced to close for the year, while the Playhouse and the organizers of the race on the Carnage bar together were fined at €55000 ($73000).
The tourist resort known, Magaluf, mainly popular among young British vacationers, was also the scene of numerous accidents in the state of alcoholic intoxication, associated with crazy fun, known as "balkoning," when people jump from one balcony to another or from a balcony in the hotel pool.
The first day of spring marked by wet conditions on the flights at Adelaide Airport
Vesna prepared a cold surprise in the south of South Australia, bringing heavy rains and strong winds, which affected flights at Adelaide Airport.
Another inch of rain fell on the city in the evening to 9pm, followed by 6.6 mm, which fell on Sunday night.
The last rain was preceded by a couple of short showers with gusts of wind, including a thunderstorm, which nachalalas shortly before 8pm and poured nearly 4 mm for about 10 minutes.
After the winter to early spring last week, the temperature fell again Monday to a maximum of just 15, 8C in the city.
Shkvalistye is believed to have served as one of the reasons for the delayed flight landing Virgin Airlines from Melbourne to Adelaide.
The plane had to land on schedule shortly after 7:30 pm, but got into a zone of wind shear - a sudden change in speed or direction of the wind on a short distance - and was forced to gain altitude.
It was freezing cold wind reached 50 mph on the ground at Adelaide Airport at this time.
Flight data showed that the plane had to gain altitude during the second landing, and the plane eventually landed about 8:40 p.m.
The delay of the flight was further delayed by several other flights, including the Emirates flight from Dubai and Qantas flight from Sydney.
Maximum hit is forecast in Adelaide on Tuesday, with the likelihood of one or two showers.
Calculating the cost of construction projects in the Russian Federation will take place on a new
Issues of pricing, regulation of the construction industry, as well as issues of connectivity, the Federal Anti-Monopoly Service takes on special control.
The FAS established expert advice on the development of competition in the construction sector.
At its meeting the head of the management control of housing, construction and natural resources FAS Vadim Solovyev said that "the current estimate for construction sites is absolutely incomprehensible."
The legal basis makes opaque pricing and may lead to unjustified price construction, according to the FAS.
And the cost of construction projects at the design stage to determine on the basis of market prices for constructive solutions instead of the current estimated standards and unit rates for operations.
These proposals included in the "road map" and is now pending in minstroe.
"The replacement of the traditional documentation for the construction of the settlements of constructive elements should lead to less corruption in the industry," said "RSL" Vadim Solovyev.
It is now in the players' rankings every bolt and nut, and not always possible to verify, so sometimes unscrupulous construction companies can zakopat "tractors."
The minstroe with FAS agree.
"The first work on the transition to the calculation of the value of constructive elements already have developed methodologies for the calculation of prices for constructive solutions, preparation of estimates for these indicators," said the head of the department of urban development and architecture minstroy Elena Zhukov.
The pilot has been chosen as the field of road construction.
However, experts believe that the problem is much more serious.
As he told "RSL" head of a construction company "pros" Anatoly Demyanko, the estimated requirements are outdated for a long time, but another business mechanism has not yet been proposed.
"As regards the proposed settlement of constructive elements, in practice it is difficult to implementable, because the buildings are often completely different technologies," he said.
It is no secret that stroyrynok is largely due to procurement.
According to the chairman of the board of NP expert community professionals," Catherine Lake Lesina, now the state is the most effective customer.
Prime Minister Sergei Sidorsky on engineering industry center building Rosatom Vladimir Malakhov drew attention to the fact that today the market is divided in the company, which have access to a portfolio of contracts, and the company that owns monopolistic competencies and does not allow for this field of competitors.
He believes that the creation of a transparent market is possible only when access to contracts will be ring-fenced with as much as possible from someone else's influence.
The expert advice has been requested to establish a system of procurement in such a way that the same performer shall not be entitled to receive more than one contract worth more than 1 billion rubles or several contracts worth more than 1 billion rubles.
The minstroe believe that this approach should be evaluated in terms of impact on business, as well as the efficiency of construction management.
As explained by Elena Zhukov, in this case it will be necessary to endow the customer functions of the general contractor, which will lead to an increase in customer staff and budgetary spending on its content.
In this case the customer specialists will be required to possess the knowledge to assess the quality of work done by contractors, as well as their safety.
Often, such a breakdown will be necessary to determine who will be responsible for the safety of the facility as a whole.
In addition, this approach may result in an outflow of qualified participants purchases in connection with the lack of interest in obtaining public order on part-time work and a small amount of the contract.
Senior Expert Consultation Center of the Institute of Alexander Evstashenkov believes that the procedure has become a business game on care contractor.
And this example: "Party while filling out the application must specify the" specific performance "without stating the words:" or equivalent ,"" should be ,"" from ,"" more ,"" less ,"" C ,"" or ,"" type ,"" type ,"" not less ,"" lower ,"" higher ,"" may ,"" may ,"" may be ,"" previously ,"" no earlier ,"" higher ,"" not allowed ," etc.
Thus, customers often abusing their right to establish requirements for the content of the application of contractors.
Another problem, according to Evstashenkov, was the need to evaluate the stage of filing the quality of work through the "paper" party proposal.
In considering the application, the party can actually be assessed only qualified contractor, but not the quality of work, the implementation of which has not even began," said an expert.
The quality of the work can be assessed only under their acceptance.
The expert advice was also proposed to margin income from the top in the lower echelon to intermediate contractors.
The Chairman of the Expert Council, State Secretary, Federal deputy head Andrei Tsarikovski believes that it is not necessary, as responsible for the order.
Otherwise, as in the famous reprise of Arkady Raikin "Atelier": "The buttons?."
Israeli children return to school after the war in Gaza
Thousands of Israeli children in the territories adjacent to the Gaza Strip again went into the school on Monday after having spent a summer in bombproof shelters when rockets and mines of rain fell on their village during the 50 day war between Israel and Hamas, while schools in the Gaza Strip remained closed while the territory was recovering after hostilities.
The school has brought a sense of joy and excitement to the victims of rockets, southern Israel, but traces of hostilities remained fresh.
In the southern city of Ashdod kindergarten staff "Pashosh," which was hit by a rocket, the traces of debris from walls and children's slides before the arrival of students.
"We are a little afraid, but gladly look into the future," said Bart Tirosh, a resident of Kibutsa Saadeh and an English teacher in his school.
Many children in our region really need to go back to life.
Her 11 year-old daughter, Shani Barth, said that she would suddenly start again to go to school "a bit strange."
"It was a difficult time, and we are not quite out of their homes," she said.
Azman President Rivlin visited Kibbutz, which is located near the border with Gaza, to express their support.
Before the ceasefire halted the war last week, thousands of residents of border settlements, such as Saad, did not come out on the street or left their homes to safer areas further from the Gaza Strip, in order to escape the rocket fire.
Many residents of Nakhal Öz, settlements near the border with Gaza, where a Palestinian was killed by a 4-year-old boy, doubt that they should go back.
The Ministry of Education reported that about a dozen families still have not returned.
Their children were sent to other schools at this time.
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu visited a school in Sderot, a town on the border with Gaza, which is heavily postaradal from Palestinian fire.
He advised the children to study diligently and said: "We will do our best to give you the knowledge and to ensure your safety."
Israel and Hamas agreed on an indefinite ceasefire in last Tuesday.
The agreement on a ceasefire immediately put an end to the fighting, but unresolved key issues, for example, Hamas demands the removal of egipto Israeli blockade of Gaza and the opening of airports and seaports in the Gaza Strip.
Israel wants Hamas hauled weapons and returned the bodies of two Israeli soldiers killed in the war.
It is expected that a new round of indirect negotiations will begin later this month in Egypt.
The war killed more than 2,100 Palestinians, among whom three-quarters were civilians, and at least 494 children, according to the Palestinian side and the United Nations.
Israel disputes these figures and argues that at least half of those killed were militants; despite this, he has not provided substantive evidence supporting this assertion.
On the Israeli side, killing 66 soldiers and six civilians, including one Thai worker.
During the fighting, Hamas and other militants in Gaza fired 4591 missiles and bombs on Israeli towns, mainly in the south of the country.
The Israeli army, meanwhile, has spent more than 5,000 air strikes and other attacks.
As a result of the Israeli attacks were damaged and destroyed thousands of homes in the Gaza Strip, and an estimated 250,000 people have found refuge in more than 100 schools, which were converted into shelters.
Due to the fact that tens of thousands of people still were in shelters, and the fighting continued, officials responsible for education, last week delayed the start of the academic year.
"I hope that the school will open soon, so we were able to finish our education, as children all over the world and Jewish children," said Mohammad Amara, a 13-year-old boy, who now lives in one of the schools in Gaza.
According to a popular benchmark for house prices showed the largest winter growth over seven years.
The index of the value of housing RP Data CoreLogic Hedonic for house prices in the Australian capital rose by 1.1 percent in August, reported RP data on Monday.
This growth has led to the cumulative increase for June, July and August at 4.2 percent, the biggest increase for the winter months since 2007.
The annual price growth stood at 10.9 percent, more than double the growth for the 12 months to August 2013, but the increase was not evenly distributed across the country.
The director of research RP Data Tim Lawless said that Sydney and Melbourne are a two-stage market.
The RP Data show that in Sydney house prices rose by 16.1 percent over the last year, while in Melbourne - at 11.7 percent.
The power markets were Adelaide, Brisbane and Darwin, where prices on average have risen from five to six percent.
At the other end of the scale was Canberra, which zeroed government spending cuts, where prices have risen just 1.4 percent for the year.
Mr. Lawless said that now, when it began in the spring, there will be an increase in the number of properties for sale, within a few months, that would be a "real test" for the market.
"Given the current high level of speed auction sales, total sales at high speed and current conditions with low interest rates, it is likely that the cost of housing is still expected to grow over the next three months," he said.
How do I live in the old house
In the former home of Goldminers and gornozavodchiki Evdokim and his son Ivan Demidov on the streets of the October Revolution 57/1 (formerly Great Kazan) 18 apartments.
The house of the 18th century since the building has hardly changed, if not considered decrepit.
Strangers walk here, both on the tour, and residents are more than happy, from their privilege - the right to live in the oldest house, the walls of which recall the commander Alexander Suvorov.
The date for the construction of houses; historians point to two dates - 1730 and 1737 years.
But in any case, it turns out that building almost 300 years.
The old yard, always an open door, skripuchaya staircase.
The doors of the apartments are located close to each other, the walls were cracked, and in the margins, low-ceilinged plaster is visible on the streets.
It seems that everything rests on the honest word.
But local residents claim: "You don't think it is."
Living in a wooden house in the 18th century is very difficult," said Tatyana Lukianov, a resident of the apartment.
The facility is located at gosokhrane, but money on its contents is not ten years, and we feel museum exhibits, about which the government simply forgot.
The last renovation was 40 years ago.
The walls still remain, but the foundation of the entire prognil.
Many residents still go to the toilet on the street, and shower once a week in a public bath.
How can I be satisfied in such conditions?!
The road passes directly under the windows, even the pedestrian zone is not.
Tetiana raises the curtain.
Now it is clear that it was only heard: under the windows; the flow of cars.
You see, glass drebezzhat constantly, the window open, and the noise.
The man all gets used to the good and bad.
Our apartment is still perfect, thanks to her husband, hands over his gold.
Moreover, the two rooms we live together with her son.
But other families conditions much worse, on the second floor ceiling at slightly more than 1.5 meters above sea level.
In contrast, Tatiana offers to go to the neighbor from the apartment Ludmila Starostina.
A nice friendly woman with threshold offers a cup of coffee and with a sad smile says:
We have a one-room apartment, 14, 5 on four people, and live with her husband and daughter with her granddaughter.
I am here with the birth, the other has never been seen before, "Lyudmila outwits eyes room: mezzanine, two sofa with the letter" g "; one of them is her granddaughter with a laptop.
Very closely and hardly differs from the usual domestic interior: only beautiful ceilings, "historical."
But the ceiling is flowing regularly: the tap system doesn't work.
Lyudmila speaks about his apartment conventionally and surprising at the same time, as the Italian, whose house stands on Roman ruins.
In other words, in one very old and recent, everyday and legendary:
Waterpipe spent about 40 years ago during the last renovation.
At the same time, we have a small kitchen in zakutka and toilet from a former closet.
We live in times where arditi quartered Demidov family, on the second floor were servants.
Our apartment is not privatized, and why?
At the center of the real estate company say, privatization is irrelevant.
You can still get only a one-room apartment, cannot qualify for more.
Already four months ago, we promised rasselit, but further promises do not matter.
It is not used to complain and will not.
In this apartment (room!) lived a whole dynasty: my grandparents, my mother and dad, my husband and my daughter with her granddaughter.
Everything happened for this time.
For example, big rats ran through the kitchen.
Look at the walls of the wings, they are thick!
It is said that a solution was spattered on the eggs, so it stays for a long time.
The house is built, thanks to Demidov!
Perhaps, just so long as no one killed with a crumbling battlement ceiling or pile.
The only building still slowly dying before our eyes: boards and log homes are rotting, floors have repeatedly floundered, we have drenched cement, but all useless solution goes into the ground, as well.
They say, and there is under our room a laz and move to the Belaya River, which specially made Old-Believers once lived here, so it is possible to escape the danger that in the case.
They also harassed.
Lyudmila Starostin tells how it came to some historian, pleading that he started in an apartment in excavations.
And then urged them to give space in exchange for their odnushka on Prospekt October.
Liudmyla historian refused:
Where do we kadawe odnushka?
Here, though a tiny hope that will provide more spacious housing.
We agree on the exchange, nothing would have won.
However, Starostin family won nothing.
The biggest dream of Lyudmila rasselili, and a daughter with 16-year-old granddaughter was given a separate room.
In other words, the two families were given two-room apartment instead of the most majestic ruins, in which two generations now live.
Hello, a miniature girl Olesya Karsakov from 11 and 12 shows the second floor of the house.
There are two close komnatushkakh m², 23, called apartments, lives with her family.
There are seven people, children, two.
They see what conditions.
The plaster by rainfalls pieces, as well as window frames, the walls in the kitchen and in cross-cutting holes.
The water in the faucet year-round only cold.
Some side missions the old house, you can see that most lucky spouses from the apartment.
They occupy the most spacious rooms on the first floor.
You are right, a lot!
The premises in 75 squares, three people.
We live just in those rooms, where the legend stopped Suvorova during his stay in Ufa," says the head of the family of Alexander Dmitrievich Lavrentyev.
High ceilings, spacious.
One thing is bad - all around the sputtering, falling apart, is fucked.
Neighbors probably already told!
Most of all, we have the floors: wooden planks are decayed, the earth literally went from under their feet.
I put wedges in the hall, and in another room, like a seesaw kachaemsya, so all motions.
The merchant house Evdokim Demidov Alexander Zudov can tell better than any guide.
The zolotopromyshlennik belongs to native, speaks about him with admiration.
Indeed, personality was extraordinary: the owner of Kaginski and feature plants built houses, otlival guns and bells, kept the mines.
The heirs to the merchant property ancestor are proud of, but to live under one roof with the history they no longer want.
I have lived here for another child in the 1940s of the 20th century," says Alexander Zudov.
Then stood around wooden premises for carriages, stables and, subsequently snesennye.
In 1968, wanted to get rid of our house, but something stopped.
The same story was repeated in 2014: again pomanili new housing.
We, as a team, collected all documents, obegali, and suddenly learned that moving into apartments will be transferred in 2015 or 2016.
Something already did not believe in all this.
Two years ago, a scientist went to the Ministry of Culture of the Republic of Bashkortostan, to learn about the fate of the house.
Officials said the occupier was not accepted.
Posylali from one table to another, and then, as in mockery, issued a paper without a signature and printing: "The Ministry of Culture is not objecting to the resettlement of residents."
I have a feeling that our house has long been not in the plan of the city, because he was first under number 57, then was 57, and now 57/1.
It was as though he had already demolished in the 1970s.
"The planet" has appealed to the head of the sector of information and analytical work on land management company Vladimir Barabash.
The House on Revolution Street 57/1 is included in the program of dilapidated housing.
I can't take responsibility for the actions of officials in the 70s, only know that at the time there was a plan for the demolition of old houses, despite the historical significance.
Fortunately, this has not happened, and the decision of modern government is to restore the old houses on the streets of the October Revolution, representing architectural value, successfully.
The tenants in the near future will be rasselit on new apartments.
According to Barabash, restoring the house will be Italian experts who participated in the restoration of buildings in Venice.
Now in Italy is an architectural Biennale, and the project "old city" is there a number of others.
I hope that by 2016 the former Old Kazanskaya street will be restored," he said.
The houses will get a proper view, that was earlier, three centuries ago.
The House Demidov, most likely, will become a museum, open to all comers.
In addition, the government has decided to make the street over the weekend.
In everyday life, unfortunately, do not get too busy roads in the city.
Rasselit people from future museum Vladimir Barabash promises in 2015.
However, it is unlikely they will be happy: their new apartments will be the same area, and that current.
It is only from another era.
In Primorye, due to the storm began wildfire
Dry thunderstorms became the cause of a wildfire on the territory of Hunter's district forestry in Pozharsky Raion Primorskiy region.
In the place of fire surge forces and means.
According to the guide KGSBU Maritime Air Base, the place of fire conditions require the involvement of the U.S. Air Force.
Vasily Medvedev, deputy chief of Air Force Base:
The fire, resulting in difficult terrain, found the pilot - an observer with the aircraft Antonov An-2 on an area of 3 hectares.
Goryat residues on the old gorelnik.
The strong zakhlamlennost territory and the steepness of the slope more than 45 degrees, the lack of suitable for landing paratroopers - fire sites pose significant difficulties in the fire-fight.
A helicopter MI-8.
Delivery forces at the disposal of the airbase Mi-2 helicopter and plane An-2 much difficult.
After the discovery of the fire at the scene extinguishing were promptly planted four firefighters.
The main task of the specialists is a fire and training platform for the delivery of additional forces and fire-fighting vehicles.
In the area for a lunch in the area of Hunter's helicopter delivered 3 trooper firefighters.
As soon as a platform for landing a helicopter in the area of the fire will be ready, experts will be reallocated to extinguish, according to the website of the Territory Administration.
Lenny Henry: my father never hugged me.
Never said: "I love you."
Henry was one of seven children, born into a family of immigrants from Jamaica in Dudley in the Midlands in 1958.
His father, who died when Henry was 19, worked at the factory, and their relations were limited.
Henry is rehearsing a comedy, "Rudy," which is partly based on imaginary conversations with his father and grew out of a series of broadcasts on Radio 4.
The soundtrack is a mix of his rap, and melodies are singularly resilient.
But Henry had to get through some difficult childhood memories.
After the death of his mother was "a lot" of treatment, except that, Henry often mused about the relationship with his father.
He was very inaccessible.
You never saw his faces, you only heard his voice: "Prekrati noisemaking.
Lag behind from his sister.
Man made no response.
I want to watch cricket.
My older brothers Seymour and Hilton, who were adults when I was a child, walked with him in a pub and talked about such things as a form of beer, a glass of beauty blow in cricket.
I never never talked.
He was such a neulybchivoe guy in the corner, who read a newspaper with a large part of my life.
Henry recently opened a foundry workshop in Dudley and, although conditions were better than in the days of his father, he was able to look at what must have been his life.
Now there is a little bit better, but it is dark, dymnye, depth of labyrinths hell with flashes of fire and smoke and a pile of soot.
My father zalezal in the bathtub and just lay there, and you have heard, as he slowly begins to sing about himself, because he wanted otmytsya from a foundry workshop.
When I came there, I realized that he was doing it for years and years to earn our livelihood, and I began to appreciate it more.
Nevertheless, Henry emerged from childhood deprived of parental love.
My father never cuddled, never said: "I love you."
Only when my mother became ill at the end of her life, we began to say: "I love you, I love you, I love you.
The birth of her own daughter, Billy, from Don French, allowed him to share the love that he lacked in childhood.
You can stop it, "I love you"?
Just stop hugging me!
Dad, I was 22!
With Don French.
Why would I not be friendly?
She's a great mom
They are still good friends with the French, on which he was married for 25 years.
Don is a good man.
Why would I not be friends with Don?
She's a great mom.
The mother, Henry was diabetes.
He was one of the things that killed her.
So, when I was very, very recovered and I have symptoms of diabetes, my doctor said," you need to take radical measures.
Then I started serious fitens classes, and I also had to sit on a strict diet to get rid of your symptoms.
It is very difficult.
And it's boring.
No one eats carrots.
The change of career trajectory henry is reflected, perhaps, in his noble, briefly podstrizhennoy beard.
Since then, as he received critical acclaim for his music, he was completely in the theater.
"Comedy of errors," and then "fences," Gregory Wilson.
This work differs from sitcoms and comedies, which were of attribute his eventful professional life.
He began his career, when he was 16 and worked at the factory.
I noticed how he parodies on the scene, and wrote about it in "new faces."
His career on television began in the mid seventies: "It is quite a long time I was the only black parodistom/komik on television."
He was educated at work.
I not only had to grow up in front of the audience, I had to learn to be an effective vehicle for delivering jokes between 1975 and 1985, being a star, working on television, and it was very difficult.
Krayzelburg in "new faces" in 1975
As his manager had the rights to "black and white minstrels," a light entertainment program, in which people "vilifying a person," Henry found that stands in it within five years.
My family didn't really like.
I, like, want to make sure that it never happened to me, but I do not regret that I did it.
Although it was a strange, worthy of the position, I worked on big pitches and went to work with the crowd.
But that was "received awards for light entertainment classics on British television for years and years," he said, was "a grotesque parody of black people."
Introducing the characters, and rattle of black culture in Britain, and she chanted, Henry worked in an alternative comedy project in the 1980s.
The first season of "Lenny Henry" was broadcast in 1984, and in the 1990s, he was known as, among other things, chef Gareth Bleklok from the comedy series "Chef!."
Commercials, documentaries, TV series and roles in the film took the next ten years of his life, but after his show on the BBC in 2008 "LennyHenry tv," he thought: "What are you going to do next, she admits, because it seems a little bit, that you have the time or quietly on the sidelines."
Then there was a series of documentary broadcasts on Radio 4 called "what's good in...?"
The first was about Shakespeare.
I had a real allergy to Shakespeare.
I cannot say that I was taught this in school, and I thought that this, in many ways, the prerogative of white middle-class people with tights and cabbage at the bottom of the front.
So I was very afraid.
All who have we got an interview for transmission, Peter Hall, Trevor Nunn, Adrian Lester, Judy Dench, said: "You have to try.
Don't rugay it, as long as you don't know about what you say.
Proiznesi aloud some of these words, and you will understand why we all love Shakespeare.
Henry read 20 rows from the last monologue Othello for the seven-volume transfer, and he zatsepilo.
I have a feeling that I can do it.
As though my head vypravili.
"That's what it is, this is a serious affair, otnosis him seriously, his text, to a small study.
So, the rehearsal process was hard, and I read this piece for months and months before it was staged.
And it has been a success.
It seemed that they were waiting for a disaster, but it didn't happen.
Soon we began "comedy of errors."
Suddenly, I was in the National Theatre, and I just couldn't believe it until the end.
There was one moment when I thought: "Oh, you've changed."
There is a technical problem, and Henry instinctively felt that his job is to entertain the public.
"The voice inside me said:" you have to work 10 minutes, until they repaired a computer ."
Instead, the assistant director announced that the show will resume as soon as the problem will be solved.
I walked away from the scene and something in me said, "oh, thank God."
This is not my responsibility.
I can let someone else with this deal.
"You play in the play, stay in the role."
Henry in "fences" in theater Dachess
Learning text for "fences" was difficult.
Panic is quite useful, it strengthens muscles.
She also took it well, so it was like a sign over the caption: "Here's what you need to do."
He says that, of course, GROMOV voice.
So I need it.
I really love it.
I love to be in the hall.
By the way, Henry is still thinking comedian - all the way our conversation gets interrupted his flashes of humor, when he begins, then finishes the parody.
I just decided not to work in stendape, because this thing with getting instant gratification from complete strangers, I think, quite dangerous.
If you have time to do this, it may result in a stalemate.
I sometimes work in " live at the Apollo when I want, but, basically, I don't get such a pleasure, as before.
I ask, would he give the tour shooting again someday.
The joy of sitting in a room with the director, which helps shape the early, middle and end of the road - I don't think that ever wanted from it.
In other words, this is his new incarnation?
I think so.
I like to be an actor.
This is a pleasant pastime.
You're always talking about some kind of history, but here is a great place for it.
I love history.
People love stories.
Kenya registers civil servants to identify "workers - the Redkin Invisibility."
Kenya has launched biometric registration of all civil servants in an attempt to remove "workers - the Redkin Invisibility" from the government payroll.
Employees who do not sign up within the next two weeks, there will be no more pay, according to a government statement.
The government suspects that thousands of people continue to receive salaries after leaving public service.
President Uhuru Kenyatta has promised to reduce corruption in the government after he came to power in 2013.
An audit earlier this year found that at least $1 million (£700000) per month at the expense of the payments "workers nevidimkam" and other financial irregularities.
The government suspects that salaries continue to act on bank accounts, even after a person dies or leaves the public service, according to a BBC reporter Vanyama Chebusiri from the capital, Nairobi.
All civil servants must come within the next two weeks in identification centres, in order to ensure that their data will be collected through biometric registration procedure, according to a government statement.
Anyone who does not, without a valid reason, will be removed from the payroll, according to him.
"This procedure will significantly streamline the public service, identifying the actual number of public servants, and will also be used to clear payroll at both levels of government - hence, puts an end to the problem of" workers "the Redkin Invisibility," said Ann Vayguru, secretary of the Cabinet planning and structuring of power.
Dozens of Turkish policemen arrested in connection with the "conspiracy" against the government
A total of 33 police officers were arrested in Turkey on suspicion of "conspiring against the government," according to local news agencies.
Police did not immediately comment on this information.
Among those detained were 14 high-ranking officers, according to the Saruhanli Daily News.
Some of them last December were involved in the measures for the detection of corruption, which was aimed at checking government employees, including four government ministers.
In July, several Turkish police officers were arrested on suspicion of forming an organized crime gang and listening to the phone.
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan (which at that time was prime minister) has defined their actions as part of measures taken against him and others in power, the Islamic cleric Fethullah Gulen's.
Not all children returned to school in Ukraine
Schools in a large part of Ukraine again opened its doors on Monday (September 1) after the summer holidays.
This day is traditionally a big event for families, and, like thousands of other Ukrainian parents, Prime Minister Arseny Yatsenyuk took his daughter to school.
There he said expecting journalists that not all schools are open again, but that he will do everything possible to protect the country for future generations:
On September 1, the ceremony was held in each school.
There is no peaceful sky over every part of Ukraine.
We must fight for a peaceful sky.
The whole of Ukraine, a huge single Ukrainian People's Front, must fight for a peaceful sky.
Aleksan Pastukhov, director of the school in Slavyansk, which went to the daughter of Yatsenyuk, spoke Russian.
We hope that the world will be finally here, and that children will receive knowledge, which will be useful in their future life.
The first day of study traditionally noted that children wear embroidered shirts, kept in the hands of the balloons and give flowers to their teachers.
In the face of the Rhône Feyrkhed BBC, perhaps, has found such a formidable leader, which she needs
It is a loop of glory from the world of banking, media and the inner circles of the Tory party.
In fact, it has its own experience in leading positions.
Her career began in the consulting firm Bain & Co., and then moved to Morgan Stanley, Bombadier, ICI and the world media in Pearsons.
She was the head of the Financial Times for seven years, having gone into retirement, when a high post in the parent company Pearson took a colleague - a man who held a lower position.
It is said that its earnings are close to £1 million.
Her political rating also is durable.
She recommended that David Cameron, Lord Browne, the former head of BP, when he tried to bring experts from the private sector in Whitehall: she became an adviser to the Cabinet.
Her husband, a former adviser to the Tories.
Earlier in May, I called the work of the chairman of the poisoned chalice.
The BBC is not only a huge and complex organisation in the heart of public life, but in its structure, there is an internal paradox.
The Council has two directions: inside as the top management level of the hierarchy of the BBC, but also as the voice of public anxiety and excitement, when something goes wrong.
This is almost unattainable duopoly, which is full of radical reform.
However, any new president will be willing to come, rastaptyvaya and destroying an institution as complex as the Chinese dynasty, if he himself would work in this process.
This is a difficult decision.
It would be it is not so difficult, many people will be glad to see how the BBC will shrink in size, after revising its powers, finances and status.
As the competitors narrow circle and new technologies are challenging the cozy old habits, inevitable negotiations about the cost of the license represents a special danger for the BBC.
For a modest amount of £145 per year Britons buy a stake in, certainly the greatest media company in the world.
The BBC tells a good story: it says that the results of its work covers 96 percent of households and cost each of them 40p per day.
Moreover, it is obvious that the Beeb popularity is growing: 53 percent support it today against 31 percent 10 years ago.
The viewing and use of the BBC has changed: now I get news headlines on the mobile phone and watch programmes on iPlayer.
But it remains a very popular and impressive institution.
He is a formidable chairman - I hope it was him.
Perry of Texas says that humiliating tweet was written by someone Indigo-children
Tvit confirmed account of the governor of Texas Republican Rick Perry on Sunday night contained offensive image district attorney from the Democrats, which is located in the center of the criminal prosecution on charges of abuse of power.
Tvit later was removed, and followed by another with Perry's account, in which this record was dezavuirovana.
Only that my account was published by tweet, which was written by someone outsider.
"I don't approve of this tweet, and I removed it, according to later record.
Perry's aides did not immediately respond to messages requesting comment.
Although records were loaded with Perry's account, it was not clear who actually engaged in the publication of this tape.
Early tweet contained unflattering cartoons on the district attorney Travis Sutcliff Lemberg, who was convicted for driving intoxicated in April 2013.
Perry imposed a ban on funding for her agency, when she refused to resign, which led to a grand jury hearing in Austin this month against Perry, who is a potential candidate in the presidential election in 2016.
Signature of the tweet reads: "I don't always drive in a state of intoxication, 3 times the permissible level of alcohol in the blood,... but when I do it, I predyavlyayu accused Governor Perry for what he tells me about it."
I am the most drunk Democrat in Texas.
Lemberg led an investigation involving the grand jury against Perry.
They studied Michael MakKrum, a special prosecutor from San Antonio, who was appointed as a judge, a Republican.
Perry has not pleaded guilty and called the charges a political ploy.
His powerful legal team asked the judge, leading this case, to dismiss the indictment, saying that the law, which is used to prosecute the governor, acting as the longest in the history of Texas, opporunities, which is unconstitutional.
Perry stopped funding for $7 million from the state department of public control in the state, which is based in Travis County and has been engaged in prosecuting corruption in the public sector in Texas, when Lemberg refused to resign.
Veto prompted an official complaint from a group of public control, with left-wing views.
The tape of Perry's account is often updated - and sometimes becomes famous.
When he came on the fifth congress of the party in Iowa during his presidential campaign in 2012, Perry responded to the rumors that he might withdraw from the game, published a tweet with a photo of himself, the next to the lake, and the words: "Here we are, South Carolina!"
Berkeley reports that the real estate market returned to "normal"
One of the most prominent developers in London warned that the real estate market in southeastern England "returned" to the normal level of activity.
Houses in the capital were the subject of brisk demand and rapidly rising prices, while widely spread fears that a credit bubble will encourage Bank of England to set restrictions on mortgage lending in June.
Tony Pidzhli, founder and chairman of the elite construction firm Berkeley, Monday said: "Since the beginning of the current fiscal year, the market returned to normal levels of transactions with the peak of 2013," adding that it provided a "stable environment."
The London property market flourished during the recession, as foreign buyers gathered in the capital.
Prices in the city jumped 18.5 percent over last year, according to the Cadastre, significantly outpacing average 6.7 percent in England and Wales as a whole.
The average market prices for private, affordable and student Berkeley schemes have risen by about one-fifth in the last year, reaching £423000 in late April.
However, the strengthening of the pound in recent months has made London property less attractive for foreign buyers, some of which also stopped the introduction of new taxes on real estate and political rhetoric around a potential "tax on mansions" before the general election in next May.
London real estate agency Foxtons last week warned that April's reform of the mortgage market, which were introduced more stringent conditions for granting the loan, also would entail a reduction in market growth as deals for the sale of real estate, as well as prices in the second half of the year.
Fresh data from the Bank of England on Monday showed a fall in the number of approved mortgages in June, suggesting further cooling in the housing market.
Hamptons International, another real estate agency, has cut its growth forecast for the price of London property in 2015 to 3 percent on the basis that the mood of real estate prices already began to wane.
The volume of transactions fell by a quarter compared with the previous year in the most expensive areas of London, such as Chelsea, Mayfair and Kensington, according to the information agency WA Ellis.
Nevertheless, demand for homes in the capital turned out to be very profitable for Berkeley, raising sales amounting to above £2 billion.
Mr. Pidzhli added: "The demand for the right product with a good design and a better location remained the same and, reflecting this, the sale of the term."
In June, the company reported that it sold 1.3742 new homes in the year before the end of April - almost one-third more than in the pre-crisis peak in 2007.
The annual profit before tax rose by 40 percent compared with the previous year to £380 million, income is 18 percent up to £1 billion.
Speaking Monday before the company's annual meeting, Mr. Pidzhli said that projected revenues for this year will be in line with current market expectations.
According to the unanimous opinion, analysts expected a profit for the full year EBIT at £450 million.
The price of shares in Berkeley was £23, 96 in the second half of the day on the London Stock Exchange.
Nude photos of Jennifer Lawrence were published in the Internet hacker
Jennifer Lawrence arrives at the 85th glamorous ceremony at the annual Academy Award.
Photos of a naked actress Jennifer Lawrence, received the award "Oscar," were posted on the Internet from a hacker, who insists that he has a "catalogue" photos still 100 rising stars.
The representative of the "Hunger Games" star confirmed that Lawrence's photos are genuine, and denounced the hacker for "a brazen invasion of personal space."
There were an appeal to the law enforcement agencies, and they will prosecute anyone who publishes the stolen photos of Jennifer Lawrence.
The photos, which were originally built on the site for sharing photos 4chan, presumably, were received due to the lack of a system of online storage Apple iCloud, and the alleged "catalogue" of hacking victims includes the names of dozens of female celebrities, including Rianny, Kim Kardashian, Winstead Winsted and Mary-Kate Olsen, according to BuzzFeed.
It is unclear how many of these original photographs, though the star of "Scott Pilgrim vs. the World" Winsted in Twitter also condemned the attack.
"Those who look at the photos, which we did with her husband a few years ago, comfy at home," I hope you are proud of themselves, " wrote Winsted in Twitter.
However, Victoria Justice Nickolodeon series "iCarly" and "victorious" denied that the photos she wrote in Twitter: "These so-called nude I FALSHIVKI people.
Let me stop it in the bud. *kalambur namerennyy*.
Buzzfeed reported last Sunday that a representative of the pop star Ariana Grande denied that the photo, which, presumably, it is true.
An exclusive excerpt from the novel by Howard Jacobson about love and the letter "J," the critics' praise
They vanish, the best way to say exactly that, they gradually crumbled, like a cardboard box, which was left under the rain.
Only a woman sometimes told him that he is too serious, heavy in communication, intense, closed and, perhaps, a little edgier.
Then she pozhimala his hand.
He saw the crabbiness.
He was prickly, like his, yes.
The last victim of this kolyuchest was a small novel, from which he waited longer than usual, getting rid of a lonely and boring life and perhaps even some satisfaction.
Eylinn Solomonz was fragile beauty with vzlokhmachennymi hair and that fluttering heart from the northern island village, even more remote and rugged than Port Royben.
She arrived in the south with Kevern younglady older than myself, who believed her aunt, when it last won in the inheritance of the house in crude, but similar to Paradise Valley under the name "Paradise Valley."
No one lived in the house for several years.
The pipes flowed, the sun sat motionless, spiders slizni left their footprints on all windows, confident in the fact that the house belongs to them; garden weeds, similar to the giant cabbage cobs.
It looked like a cottage from a children's book, both frightening and charming, with a garden full of secrets.
Ulysses' author: Howard Jacobson, whose novel "J" is included in the Man Booker Prize in 2014.
Short list will be announced next week
Kevern Eylinn sat, holding hands, broken chairs among the high grass, enjoying the unusually warm spring day; both of them are vaguely connected to the console, which is calming music and calming news, when looking at her crossed legs, he remembered the old song has long forgotten a black performer, who liked to listen to his father, drooping curtains in the house.
You have too big legs.
Due to their inherent aggressiveness, this type of songs on the console is no longer lost.
They were not banned - nothing was actually forbidden - they simply no longer lost.
They helped to become archaic as the word "archaic."
The public taste did something that would never have managed to obtain orders and regulations, and as well as among the books people were rich people who grew up in poverty, culinary books and novels, from all the music they chose ballads.
These days, Kevern began playing in piano and a rough comic voice, big Eylinn legs.
Eylinn didn't.
"It was a popular song jazz pianist, who was called Fats Waller," he told her, automatically attaching the lips two fingers.
So always did his father, to stop the letter "J" before it as a with his lips.
It started with a game in which they played, when he was little.
His father played in it with his father, as he told him.
Take the word with "J," forgetting to attach to his mouth two fingers, and it will cost you pennies.
It was not very fun then, and it was not very fun now.
He knew that from him, and that's all.
He had to explain what is jazz.
Eylinn he never heard.
Jazz is also not played, although he has not been explicitly prohibited.
IMPROVISATION went out of fashion.
In life there was only one "if."
When the melody began, people wanted to know exactly where it will end.
With wit exactly the same.
His unpredictability was people on the nerves.
But jazz was wit, expressed through music.
Although he reached the age of 10 years, never slyshav about Sammy Davis, Mladshem Kevern knew about jazz from her father's " prior kolletsiya CDs.
But although he would not speak Eylinn that Fats Waller was black.
Given her age, she hardly remembered a time when popular singers were not black.
Again, there are no laws or pressure.
The company was docile, but it meant that every segment with gratitude - gratitude those eventuating fate, with the principle of collective predispositions.
People Afro Caribbean origin on temperament and physical characteristics were good for entertainment and sports - and they sang and ran.
Those from the Indian sub-continent, as though the nature of the most talented in all that concerned with electronics, took up that no one family was left without a working phone.
What remained from the Polish diaspora, engaged in plumbing work; what remains of the Greek, flared plate.
Those from the Persian Gulf and the Levant, whose grandfathers were not to leave the country, when THAT AS IF VOOBSHCHE AS, in fear that they will be blamed for igniting the flames of fear, in fact, that the flames would engulf them, have opened restaurants with labne and hookahs, not crackhouse and yearned to idleness.
Each of the abilities.
As she once heard ballads, Eylinn was difficult to understand how offensive words, which only that she has Kevern, could be laid on the music.
The music is an expression of love.
"They are actually not offensive," said the Kevern.
Isn't that, maybe, for people who have big legs.
My father never offended, but he loved this song.
He said too much, but a running garden gave him the illusion of safety.
No word could not penetrate the giant leaves, similar to the harvested.
Eylinn still did not understand.
How did your father could love this?
He wanted to say that this is a joke, but he did not want her back pressed against his lips with two fingers.
She already thought he was strange.
"It seemed ridiculous," he said, instead.
She shook her head, covering the Kevernu review.
The whole world was nothing more than her kopny in the black hair.
Nothing, on what he would like to watch.
"Well, if you say," she said, leaving with his opinion.
But it still does not explain why you did it to me.
It seemed that she was really upset.
I have too big legs?
He looked at them again.
This is not to say no.
Lodyzhki, maybe a little.
And you say you hate me, because my ankles are too thick?
I hate you?
Of course, I don't hate.
It's just this silly song.
He could say: "I love you," but it was too early.
"I like you because you have fat ankles," he said instead.
I have such a perversion.
It was wrong.
He wanted to make sure that it was ridiculous.
Attempts to joke often led him into awkward situations, because, as his father, he lacked the soothing charm, which could mitigate the cruelty, kryvshuyusya jokes.
It may be that his father wanted to be brutal.
Maybe, and he, Kevern, wanted.
Despite the good eyes.
Eylinn Solomonz blushed and stood with deckchair, upending the console and the wine that they drank.
The wine from in-vitro, so that intoxication could not serve as an excuse.
In his excitement, she seemed to be trembling, as thatched-roof in a hurricane.
"I likes you precisely because you have dumb head," she said.
Although not like you.
He was sorry for her and because of the excessive brutality of his words, and because of fear, which appeared in her eyes, when she gave him back.
Whether she thought that he hurt?
She had not spoken with him about life on the cold northern archipelago, where she grew up, but he had no doubt that the main features of it was like here.
The same huge icy ocean struck them both.
Those same amost bewildered men, even more sensitive and touchy after THAT AS IF VOOBSHCHE AS, than their ancestors, smugglers and destroyers, wandered into a rage from pub to pub, ready to raise a hand on any woman, posmevshuyu deny them or upset them.
Dull head?
They would have shown her a dorky fist, if she wasn't careful!
First, darling - a kiss has now become the most common expression of erotic irritation between a man and a woman; an antidote from fresh ballads, which are the first to kiss her, and then to strike.
Excessive clarification, according to Keverna, because kiss itself has already been hooliganism.
Eylinn Solomonz body showed that he needed to leave.
He climbed out of the sun, as the old man.
She felt the lead weight, but the weight of his grief stunned her.
This was not the end of the world.
They barely knew each other.
She watched as he leaves, and from the top window looked, as he leaves, her companion, the man himself vzvalivshiy on themselves.
Yauch, rolls off the garden, she thought.
She felt an injection of compassion to him and men in general, though some of them and raised her hand.
The man, otvernuvshiysya from it, with sogbennaya back, pristyzhennyy, concubines, the ability to fight left him - why she felt that she knew it so well, if she could not recall a single case, until now, when she saw this?
Again, one Eylinn Solomonz looked at their feet.
During the twenty years before the above events or near Penrith Nussbaum, an intelligent and energetic 32 year-old researcher who worked in "Ofnau," an unofficial service for the public mood, has prepared a report on the preservation of low and middle level of violence in those parts of the country, where it was expected that it will be reduced, if not stopped completely, given the means and forces that stood out for its eradication.
"Much has been done, and much is done," she wrote, " to soften an innate aggressiveness, the people who fought in wars and won most of them, especially among these ragged mop branches and narrow rasseliny terrain, where, despite the snow-draped over hedges its church spires, the gentle breath of human kindness was rarely the whole story.
However, some qualities, it turns out, neiskorenimy.
The higher the spire, it would seem, then nizmennee those passions, which he opens.
The population of sheds tears over sentimental ballads, swallowing stories about the obstacles and announces his fervent belief in the virtue of marriage and family life, but not only the old rudeness retains its strong grip in rural communities, as well as in urban areas, but there are data about what is new and nasty feeling ornery in homes, workplaces, on roads and even on the playgrounds.
"You have a stupid habit of writing too much," said her supervisor, after reading the report as a whole.
I think you should read novels.
Denters Nussbaum lowered her head.
I must also ask you: you ateistka?
"I believe that it is not obligated to answer," said Denters Nussbaum.
Are you a lesbian?
Denters again insisted on their right to privacy and silence.
Feministka?
Again, silence.
"I ask," said Luther Rabinovits, " not because I am against atheism, lesbiystvo or feminism.
Here we have no bias.
We are the servants of society without prejudice.
But some kinds of hypersensitivity, absolutely reasonable and laudable in itself, can sometimes distort results, as, for example, those that you have shown.
It is obvious that you are predubezhdeny against the church, and what you call "evil" and "rude," the other would be interpreted as an expression of natural vivacity and energy.
Repeat nudet THAT AS IF VOOBSHCHE AS, as if it happened yesterday, if at all, thus depriving the country of its vitality.
Nussbaum Denters glanced at the sides, while Rabinovits said.
Over his head, pink flamingoes, LED letters repeated advice that "Ofnau" gave the country the last quarter of a century or more.
Ulybaysya neighbor, the county of his spouse, listen ballads, go on musicals, you can talk on the phone, facebook.com, newer, gasp, soglashaysya, izvinyaysya.
The conversation is better than silence, as the word is better than the written word, but there is nothing better than love.
"I fully understand that you want to say, quietly answered Denters Nussbaum, adjusting and that her supervisor had finished speaking," and I don't want to say anything, except that we do not izlechilis as effectively as we convince ourselves.
I am concerned that if we are not ready, we will find that repeat mistakes, which initially led to BE THAT AS IF VOOBSHCHE AS.
Only this time, their anger and mistrust are not on the other.
Luther Rabinovits Unit-2 fingertips in the illuminated.
This gesture would mean endless patience.
"You go too far," he said, "calling" mistakes " actions that have committed or not committed by our grandfathers.
You go too far and when talking about the fact that they threw their "anger" and "disbelief" at the "other."
In your place a person should not need a reminder that understanding the past, i.e. defending the present, we are not talking about "us" and "them."
There was no "us" and there was no "other."
It was a time of confusion - and that's all that we know.
"For that, if to be honest with ourselves, dared to put Penrith," no one part of society may well justify itself.
I don't blame.
Whether it was bad or good - what is done, done.
It was then.
There is nothing more to say - here we agree.
And as you don't need anyone to blame, it is not necessary and, if it was appropriate or if we could fix something.
But why the past, if not to learn -
Past integrating titanum to us he forgot.
If I can add to this one word -
Pyraminx Luther Rabinovitsa collapsed.
"I will discuss your report," he said, releasing it.
The next day, on the road to work, she knocked motorcyclist, who left on the sidewalk, as described, "a venomous rage."
The similarities occur.
Lesotho Army claims that the coup was not foiled; prime minister remains in South Africa
Representatives of the Lesotho army denied the fact of preparing a coup to overthrow the government, saying that they acted against the police, which were suspected in an attempt to arm political fanatics.
Prime Minister Thomas Tabane left the country, saying that the country's army surrounded his official residence and seized government buildings in the capital of Maseru.
The prime minister took his family in neighboring South Africa, saying that he received the threat of an assassination attempt on his life.
Army spokesman Major Ntlele Ntoi said that it was not, in fact, a coup, but that the army responded to the threat from "political fanatics" that police tried to arm.
"What happened this morning is that the command of the Armed Forces of Lesotho took measures, received several intelligence reports that among police forces, there are some elements that really plan to arm some political, young fanatics of political parties, which were prepared to orchestrate chaos," he told the Voice of America.
A spokesman of the South African government Monela C. Booth said that the army action looked like a coup.
"Although no one has claim to seize power by force, according to all reports, the actions of the armed forces of Lesotho at the moment are major signs of a coup," he said.
Representatives of the Lesotho army reported that soldiers returned to barracks on Sunday and in the capital.
Meanwhile, Deputy Prime Minister Motetzhoa Metsing controls the government in the absence of Taban.
Tabane said that he believes that is attacked in connection with an attempt to fight corruption in the country.
The situation in Lesotho is very tense since June, when Tabane suspended parliamentary session as a result of differences in his government.
He said that his actions had not undermined the government, despite the accusations to the contrary.
Midfielder Chelsea's Marco van Ginkel will spend the upcoming season on rental rights in Milan, according to the Milan Channel.
21-year-old Dutchman arrives in Italy in the coming hours to undergo medical examination.
Last season, he went on the field only three times in the composition of the London club.
Recall that earlier "Milan" rented from Liverpool striker Fernando Torres.
Production in the euro zone at the lowest rate for 13 months
The output growth in the eurozone slowed to the lowest rate for 13 months in August, according to a study.
The final value of the business activity index (PMI) for the manufacturing sector in the eurozone by Markit fell to below 50 in August, dropping from 51.8 in July.
The value above 50 indicates growth.
The new orders delayed, and businesses have suffered amid growing tension between the EU and Russia in connection with Ukraine.
The data came before the meeting of the European Central Bank (ECB) on Thursday.
The markets will wait for the bank a clear plan for how to cope with the shutdown of the recovery in the eurozone, as well as the threat of deflation, with inflation of 3%.
There is speculation that ECB chief Mario Draghi later this week may give additional signals that he is considering a scheme of quantitative easing for the eurozone, similar to those used by Britain and the United States during the financial crisis.
"Although some growth is better than no growth, the effect of growing economic and geopolitical uncertainties on manufacturers is becoming more evident," said Rob Dobson, senior economist at Markit.
The PMI manufacturing sector in Germany, the largest trading partner of Russia in the EU, fell to the lowest for 11 months at 51, 4.
Meanwhile, in the world's second-largest economy, France, the PMI fell to 46.9.
France continues to cause real concern, as well as the weakening of Italy from stable growth to stagnation.
The signs that the growth momentum faded in the main industrial engine, Germany, as well as in Spain and the Netherlands, also adds confidence ," said Mr. Dobson.
The slowdown in industry, most likely, the flames of analysts, anticipating the introduction of additional monetary or fiscal stimulus.
One positive news was from Ireland, where the PMI rose to 57, 3, its highest level since the end of 1999.
Howard Archer, chief economist at IHS Global Insight, said: "The best thing you can say about the August survey index of business activity in the manufacturing sector in the eurozone, is that it shows that the sector is still growing."
He added: "Eurozone manufacturers, obviously, are finding life very difficult at the moment, because the current increased geopolitical tension is especially associated with Rossiey/Ukrain adds uncertainty still difficult conditions in many countries.
This increasing tension, obviously, hit the business - and especially on consumer confidence, and probably leads to the fact that some orders are delayed or even cancelled, especially large orders.
He said that "everything is more like" that the ECB, in the end, of course, will have to conduct some kind of quantitative easing, "although we suspect that it will be limited."
Residents of Mariupol live circuit against militias
In Mariupol last week it was all quiet - no one to organize a People's Republic, a town on the Azov Sea lived and worked.
Now residents with horror await the arrival of "militia."
According to political analysts, the separatists break to Mariupol, to go to Azovsky sea - was recently taken by the city of Novoazovsk, which is also not included in the composition of the self-proclaimed republics.
Mariupoltsy decided that the Ukrainian army, though they will defend, but it has a little bit against well armed members of the LNR, and gathered to help the military.
They are digging trenches, building checkpoints and strengthening.
On the evening of Saturday, several thousand people arrived on the eastern border town, and stood there in the live circuit, singing the anthem of Ukraine.
They are going to do the same in the case of the attack.
Volunteers collect and equipment and products, collect medicines, publish the newspaper.
The city gradually shut down shops, banks and ATMs.
Ten years of hell for survivors of Beslan: ten years with a horrid seizure of the school, as children, who were in it, still suffer
Ten years ago, more than 1,000 people were taken hostage by Chechen rebels at a school in Beslan, southern Russia
More than 330 people, more than half of them children, were killed during the three-day ordeal, which shocked the world
We returned to Beslan to find some of the victims, who cheated death during the atrocity in school
Exactly ten years later, after the horrific Beslan school seizure, during which killed 334 people, including 186 children, heroically survived the disaster warned yesterday evening about a new apocalypse in Ukraine.
When terrorists, Islamic fanatics, captured and killed children and parents on September 1, 2004, at the beginning of a new quarter, it seemed something like extreme evil.
The tragedy has brought together the east and west in disgust, which then turned into action and hope for the future in terms of the grief.
Ten years later, we arrived in Beslan in southern Russia, to find some of the victims, who cheated death during the atrocity in school.
We found some amazing young people who resisted the trouble, though memories of the terrorist hell will live with them forever.
They are the greatest hope?
What is a war that now bedevils Ukraine, in which such children, as they are killed, now will be stopped.
The girl, whose photograph is trying to get back into the obstrelivaemyy gym
She is the picture of the famous Russian photographer Dmitry Beliakova, when one tried to get back into the obstrelivaemyy gym after a mine explosion.
The embarrassed lexus desperately searching for his mother, Larisa, who is now 40.
There were fears that both of them were killed, but in fact they survived.
"The woman told me to run hard, but I couldn't," said Hade.
My legs were covered with blood.
I got up and back inside to find his mother.
The soldier picked up her and carried it in a safe place.
After a series of operations, she thought that fully recovered, but yesterday said: "Three months ago pain returned.
I am afraid, I may need more surgery.
A few pieces left in my knee.
Her goal now is to become a dentist, to help people as she helped doctors.
"This tragedy has changed my life, but it is, of course, not polomala it," she says with a call.
"It happened to me, and you cannot change this fact.
Once a year, I always go to the gym, to remember all those who stayed there.
My friends and I try not to talk about it in other days.
The pain is too strong.
My best friend, which was to be my classmate, Dzer Gapoev was killed there.
We played together when they were small, and dreamed that we will go to school together.
"I don't want to marry until they finish school and not going to work.
I think of the family then.
She says that the seizure of the remains with her, though memories fade a little every year.
I am glad that many people in the world still remember about our troubles, and we are grateful for the assistance that we have received from people from the UK and everywhere.
When I see the Internet in the photo, where I lezu in the school window, I think that many people will see it for the first time, learn about our tragedy and we will ensure that this never happened.
The boy, who ran through a hail of bullets, believing that his mother is dead
It was his first day in school (Russians start school at 7 years) and has gone through three days of capture, embracing his mother Tamara.
Then he was seven, and he said: "My mother told me to lie down, if it will be an explosion, and to keep her hand."
After one of the explosions, he thought that she was dying.
She told him: "Run."
Fearing that she was dead, he ran on the road saw a crying baby, grabbed the child by the hand and ran through a hail of bullets.
His father, Vladimir, who grabbed his son from the outside, said: "Markota told me that his mother had died.
He said: "I couldn't save it."
In fact, Tamara out on freedom and was in hospital with wounds on his feet, in turn, thinking that her son died.
After their reunion, she said: "I was crying with joy.
I couldn't believe it.
He rushed in and hugged me.
Damira later arrived in London (the now defunct News of the World), where he was awarded as a defender of children from the fund Barnardo Buckaroos Prime Minister Tony Blair and his wife Cheri.
"This horror is returned to you every day, but I would like to see me stop remembering him," he said yesterday.
All I can say that I have in my memory it is to fade.
I remember immediately after that I threw all his toy guns.
But now I can play computer games with shooting, and it is not a problem for me.
"I am not afraid to go back to the gym, but I don't think about myself.
I remember those children, with whom I played in the yard, which never really escaped.
We never say that they are killed or dead.
We say that they stayed in the gym.
I remember my trip in London as well, especially the toy store, where I was allowed to choose what I wanted, and the trip in a car with an open top.
But now he is afraid of such places, like Ukraine, where wars have led to such grief, which survived him and his friends.
This horror is returned to you every day, but I would like to see me stop remembering him
"I am so sorry for all those who suffer from these horrors," said Damir, who last week was doing volunteer work in the nunnery.
So I want to help.
I want to serve in the police ever and I hope that I am to a training academy in the next year.
His mother, Tamara, 48 years, said: "37 children were killed in our neighborhood, you can imagine?
I remember a silence immediately after the seizure, not just children, who screamed and ran around, and this silence lasted many months.
She vividly remembers his trip with Skomina in London.
People in London cried when I told our story.
I realized then, as people on the other end of the earth can understand our feelings, can provide support.
She was grateful to Cheri Blair and her fund for the award and the opportunity to go to London in the autumn of 2004.
I would like to call Cheri and simply herself to say that 10 years have passed, but I still remember a meeting with her and her husband in London, and how they helped Damira and me.
I remember how, when Skomina wanted to eat borsch, they rang all local Russian restaurants.
I remember how he played with the waiters in the restaurant, Damir shot them from his water pistol, and they fled and played with him.
And just a month after our nightmare.
I was shocked that the British were so ready to share our pain and support us.
She said: "I still think that this world has not become better for these 10 years.
Now in Ukraine goes to war, people die every day, and I think that many children were killed and will be killed.
This is just the same as ours.
I think, for many people the war is a news report that they are listening to, when they get bored or when they are busy with something else.
I just know that these people feel, the horror of this.
And I can't stop feeling it.
Nothing has changed, people still want to kill each other, and it is so sad.
Skomina grew up and became very soft and quiet boy, he was not aggressive and not evil.
He is not looking for revenge, for example, he is not fixated on this last nightmare.
I know that he does not like to remember him, but they are very close with six classmates, and they go to the gym from time to time and lit candles there.
When he was younger, he was suffering from it - I remember, as he lay on the sofa, away from us, hours.
Not slept, his eyes were open.
I also remember how he threw all his weapons and other military toys. Skomina now 17, he was above me, likeable, smart and healthy.
I hardly believe that a few hours, I was so sure that he died and that I never see anymore.
When I was able to recover from the explosion and stood on my feet, I glanced, I saw hell around himself, when the bodies were lying everywhere.
I was absolutely sure that it is impossible that my little boy could survive in this hell.
"I remember that I shouted to him:" Kahriman, Run, " but again I was so sure that I have not heard.
But he heard and escaped.
So life for us, unlike so many others.
Asanidze Ilyin, 17 years
The boy, whose eye-popping photography after seizing a de?ning for tragedy in Beslan
Peace: a surviving Beslan George Ilin and his mother, Fatima, after taking over in 2004, and right now
His bloodied face was influenced by fear, when he was fleeing from death, when Chechen terrorists shot his classmates.
His photograph was one of the most shocking symbols of barbarism in Beslan.
His mother Fatima, 54, is chief physician, he enrolled in school in the first day of school before bring eldest son Vladimir in the university.
"I went for two minutes before the terrorists ran in the yard, so that my little boy was left alone for three days" nightmare, " she recalled.
I am not alone, there was a family of our relatives, but all of them were killed.
Only my George managed to survive.
The closer this date, it is difficult to think and talk about it.
There is no day when we do not remember this tragedy.
We do not think that it was a long time ago, I think it happened yesterday, some scenes these days all the time I have in front of the eyes.
No one will never forget, I promise you.
Zapadaet soul: a photo of George (left) was one of the most shocking images of the attack and was in the sculpture (right)
I remember that George wanted to go to school in the day, said that she wants to hug a teacher.
I only learned that he was alive, when I saw him on TV.
And now there is even a sculpture of crying in San Marino.
George does not like to look at this picture, and it is hidden in a bookcase at our homes.
I understand, but I also think that this photograph people from all over the world feel our pain.
George now says: "It is important that it never happened.
"I doubt that we will ever know the truth.
People continue to investigate such tragedies and never know the truth.
Now they are investigating the crash of Boeing in Ukraine.
If we ever enter, than it was caused by?
This world goes to something very bad.
"I can't understand how it happens, because if you ask people, no one wants war, as it happens?
Ten years is nothing for such pain.
We need to have dozens of years to forget it.
She influenced my health, and I still feel.
About three or four years, I have vivid nightmares because of the capture, but now it has become better.
I returned to school later in 2004, I was very scared every day.
I was thinking about their friends and classmates who were killed.
That's why I continue to walk in the gym before every September 1.
I want to pay tribute to my old childhood friends.
I find it hard to go back into the gym, but I have to do it.
I don't feel like a victim, this story is part of my past now.
I will not forget about it, but I am not self-pity.
My life goes on.
I graduated from high school this year and enrolled in the Medical University in Vladikavkaz.
I will learn to become a heart surgeon.
My first choice was to go into the army.
I wanted to be military, but my health is not allowed.
I wanted to fight for my country, but this will not happen.
Asanidze Farniev, 20 years
The boy, who survived, despite the fact that he was at the feet of a terrorist killer
Unbelievable: George Farniev feet is a terrorist murderer at the time of the seizure, but still he managed to survive
During the seizure, he was photographed in a gym sitting with a bomb at the feet of a terrorist killer.
Indeed, it is a miracle that he was not killed.
"We think that it was still yesterday," says George, who wanted to learn the intelligence officer in the FSB, but could not because of the damage that was caused by his health during the capture.
It's still with me, this is not something that I left behind.
I am older now, and say that children can easily cope with bad events, I must say that this is not true.
"In 2006 I worked with psychologists, and I felt a bit better after that, but I can't forget it.
But I would like to forget.
In 2005, the following year was the first and last time, when I went into the gym again.
I lost consciousness.
I would never go there again, and, please, don't ask me to show, where I sat on this famous photograph.
Survivor: George Farniev today with an open laptop photo of himself in hospital after seizure
My pain is enormous, and I wear it every day.
My friends know that I don't like to think about it or discuss it, and they never asked me about the school.
With regard to physical condition, I am healthy.
I need to be careful with his knee, which was damaged, but now I go legit.
But still health has not allowed me to go in the FSB Academy in St. Petersburg, as I wanted.
I have sent their documents, including medical reports, and they replied that it was impossible.
My second passion for animals, so I went to the Veterinary Institute.
I studied there for two years.
He learns to treat all animals from cats to cows.
He said: "I know that never will tell their children about their experiences.
This is not something that should know about children, and, of course, not that they should survive.
His mother, Marina, 42, said: "This pain never leaves me.
It is in my soul, worse, when the anniversary is approaching.
I will go and I will attend the ceremonies, which will be held to celebrate it.
I know that George will not go.
For him it should be even stronger, because he was there, but I don't.
I was waiting for him at home and could not help.
I am so grateful to God that he came back to me here in Beslan lies on each.
He remains with us.
George is now an adult, but this nightmare is still with him.
It is hard to accept when something so terribly unfair, happens with you.
He is a boy, he loves the sport, but cannot do this because of the knee.
He had several operations, he can walk, but could not exercise.
I would say that he overcame this nightmare, but it is impossible to fully overcome and forget it.
This eerie experience will remain with us.
Many friends and neighbors were killed during the seizure, and it only reinforces my pain.
I lost a lot of people who I knew well and who were dear to me.
My son with me, and this is the best gift that God could I do, but my heart aches for those who have been killed.
I know the family, where new children, but I know and widows, who never got married.
It is hard to accept that life goes on, even if you don't want to.
I will never forget, as the heart of vyprygnulo at me from his chest at the moment when I saw him in the hospital.
Now I look at what is happening in the world, the war in different regions.
The fact that these people are fighting?
Why do they kill each other?
The war is very close to our country now, and I have a hard time in the wild.
We have one friendly country in the past, as it turned out that we are now?
People and children suffer, I am sure, many children have been killed in Ukraine and many will be killed.
If we could capture all insurgents and throw so far, as soon as possible.
Alyona Tskaev, 10 years
The baby, who movingly claimed in a safe place for a soldier spetsnaz
Spasennaya: Alënu Tskaev is in a safe place for Russian fighter spetsnaz (left).
She is now ten (right), and she remembers nothing about the monstrous crime
The world stopped breathing in 2004, when a small Alyona bore on the hands of the seized school in Beslan, a Russian policeman.
The terrorists released her, but with a ferocity that left her 30-year-old mother, the 10-year-old sister, Christina, and brother Machares in the school gym.
Machares, who was then three years old, was saved, but Alënin mother and sister were killed in a deadly massacre.
Her father has since married again, and with his new wife, Svetlana has a young daughter, which he called Amphlett in memory of her daughter, which he lost.
Alyona, who is now ten, nothing remembers about the capture and flourished in a smart and cheerful girl, say neighbors.
"They are a big happy family now, and Alena and Machares are both beautiful children," says a close friend.
Ruslan is a wonderful father and wants to keep them away from all the memories, when the tenth anniversary.
You can understand why.
Midfielder Shinji Kagawa, who returned from Manchester United in Dortmund "Borussia," said that he is looking forward to once again be able to get on the field in the form of a German club.
According to his words, this transfer is a joyful event in his career.
Of course, I am very glad that I will again play for Borussia Dortmund," Kagawa said.
I feel very good.
Full positive emotions and look forward to once again be able to get on the field in the form of "Borussia."
Akmatbayev, Kagawa joined Manchester United from Borussia Dortmund in the summer of 2012 for 16 million euros.
But he failed to gain a foothold in the English club after two seasons all 38 matches in England, by scoring six goals and eight assists.
A man accused of hitting the girl on a pedestrian crossing "pelikan" in Fife
78 year-old man appears in court on charges of hitting a three-year-old child on a pedestrian crossing "pelikan" in Fife.
Gordon Stewart allegedly knocked the girl on a shift in Pittenvin in Tehsil Nyuk.
Prosecutors said that Mr. Stewart had led his Audi Q3 without proper care and attention and knocked the girl, as a result of which she received injuries.
Stewart, 78 years old, from Anstruther, denied his guilt in sherifskiy Court Dundee.
Sheriff Charles Makneyr, Q.C., has set the trial date for January.
Obama, Merkel and Hollande otovaryatsya in Vladivostok
The Duty Free airport of Vladivostok I had hung a sign banning shopping at this store for a number of world political leaders.
Nor do they otovaritsya spirits, vodka and brandy.
The administration of the shop decided that US President Barack Obama, German Chancellor Angela Merkel, French President Francois Hollande, Vitali Klitschko, Yulia Tymoshenko, Prime Minister of Japan and several other well-known comrades cannot otovaritsya vodka, cognac and spirits in their store.
And vyvesila on the doors of the corresponding plate.
Previously, Obama received a ban on the creation of even less affordable for the type of service provider - dietary canteens, told website catering establishments.
Whether Leleyal dream of an American president would ever eat in a dining room in Russia, it is not known, but the authors clearly seem themselves terribly witty.
Is there any cheese after embargo: Medvedev gave advice on agriculture
The Prime Minister of Russia Dmitry Medvedev believes that the embargo of Russian farmers should explore new technologies, to arrange the release of popular varieties of cheese.
The Council was given during a visit to the company "Yugptitseprom" firm "Agrocomplex."
The prime minister also gave advice to the Russian meat, which is located at the appropriate level.
-80C embargo on food imports was introduced in Russia since August 7.
The chief coach of Russia holder is satisfied with the results of the DecaNation tournament.
According to the expert, the third place is a good result with a lack of preparation for the competition.
Our athletes were at their level, "the whole sport," said holder.
The third place is a testament to our high command level.
It is gratifying to note that the French advantage and even the Americans above us is minimal.
It should be kept in mind that we are not prepared for this competition.
The season is over, and we did not oblige our leaders to participate in the DecaNation match.
In recent years, we were second in this tournament, but in this season we have revamped the national team.
The French, by contrast, put efficient team, including 13 European champions.
They did not hide his intention to win this year, which has repeatedly been publicly announced.
But even so the owners could not resist the Americans.
That is why I believe that the Russians were in such a representative company at a good level.
But the results in some species were noticeably lower than the same "the Diamond League."
The season is over.
Of course, athletes are no longer so important, especially in team competitions.
The main thing here was the place.
But according to the results, I agree, came to an absurdity, when the 1500m men were so tactical intricacies of race that showed the result of a lower average level... female jockey's.
4 tips, how to achieve a better quality of underwater photos and video
If you want to take pictures or shoot video under water, before you have a range of options.
The cheapest option is a waterproof "camera," for example, Nikon Coolpix AW120, or an action camera, for example, GoPro Hero3+ Silver Edition, both of which are sold for about $300.
I made these pictures on a family holiday with a few cameras, all at a price of about $350.
Regardless of what the equipment you use, several rules must be followed in order to achieve the best results.
Pereproveryayte equipment.
Even if you have a waterproof camera, make sure that the battery chamber and other offices are closed.
In addition, the camera and set for the type of photos or videos that you will shoot.
Some camera and video cameras are shooting modes or type of object, which optimize the exposition for uneven underwater conditions.
And before you jump into the water, understand how deeply your equipment can fall.
Some cameras are aimed at just 5 feet, the other 50 or 60 feet.
Check out our guide to the buyer ratings and digital cameras for traditional and waterproof models.
A few shots - because many of them do not visit.
The "camera" LCD, which will help you stick shots, whereas action cameras are usually not.
Even if you have LCD, it will be difficult to see under the water, and the layout of the frame will be a random process.
So do a few shots.
Also, if your camera has serial shooting mode, which takes several shots with slightly different exposure settings, use them.
Stay near the surface.
The amount of light is significantly reduced, rather than deeper nyrnete under water.
If it is possible to stay near the surface, when you pull in the pool, river or ocean.
It also allows you to transmit more color photos; the deeper you leave, the less color you see.
Podplyvayte closer to objects.
This is an excellent advice for shooting on land, but it is even more important under water because of the uneven lighting conditions.
It is particularly important if you pull the camera: this equipment often is equipped with a fixed angle lens, which means that you will have to come close to shooting objects, if you want to fill the frame.
The bronze medal winner of the 2012 Olympic Games Wrestling Bilal Mahov can move in Greco-Roman wrestling.
This is the chief coach of Dagestan Wrestling Sazhid Sazhidov.
The specialist did not rule out the participation of athletes at the world championships in Tashkent in September 2014.
Currently, Bilal Mahov is to assemble a team of "classics," "R." words Sazhid Sazhidov.
In general, the yunioram Bilal was featured in both styles.
At the world youth championship in 2005, he became the winner of the tournament freestyle and third medal in the Greco-Roman competitions - Romans and decided to concentrate on freestyle wrestling.
It has long been talk that a new stage of his career in our heavyweight Greco-Roman wrestling.
More: Mahov may be already at the world championships in Tashkent - if he can win prikidka.
But the final word is always for the coaching staff headed by Gogi Koguashvili.
Andrew Lawson was such a person, whose strength of personality could shake things around, even in such a huge organization like the National Health Service.
Konsultiruyushchiy doctor-anesthesiologist, he devoted his career for getting patients from suffering the disease, as well as from flour treatment.
Among those who spoke to him, recalled his wife, the MI5 officer, who had to live with the devastating effects of torture.
Lawson understood that while doctors are diagnoses and diseases, those who undergo treatment, mainly worried about something entirely different - pain.
One day in 2007, however, he turned out to be someone who began to suffer.
"I never felt as usual," he wrote in May last year.
I was hard to find in ourselves.
With symptoms similar to flu, he discovered that his wife, Juliet.
"I want to make sure that all happened sooner rather than later," he noted.
When Juliet left for the week, Lawson found that it was unusual and it is unclear why upset.
Something was wrong.
He asked a colleague to do X-rays of the chest.
The two weeks before he went skiing in the French Alps.
The results of the X-rays came.
It was mesothelioma, an incurable cancer, which affects the pleura, or the lining of the lungs.
For most cancers it is difficult to determine the exact cause.
Although some smokers get lung cancer, for example, not all patients with lung cancer to smoke.
But with mesothelioma differently.
In almost all cases the cause is contact with asbestos, grainy construction material, which once called the "miracle," but which is now known, mortally dangerous.
For most of us - mesothelioma disease, which can be ignored.
Asbest, in the end, is the material from the past.
The most dangerous type of asbestos is not used in Britain since the 1960s, when the ban came into force.
Even when it was used, only people from specific industries worked in close contact with him: truboizolirovshchiki, builders, carpenters and dock workers, for example.
An industrial toxin from another era, it is hardly a cause for concern today.
But such a peace is erroneous.
Britain, it turns out, is now at the peak of the epidemic of mesothelioma.
Here from mesothelioma kills more people than in any other country on the planet.
The annual mortality rate of about 2,500 people, more than twice as many people die from this disease, rather than as a result of car accidents.
The annual number of deaths from mesothelioma since 1980 and the projected number of deaths in the future in the UK
The reason why we feel its deadly consequences now, is that, although the use of asbestos has been illegal for many years (all types of asbestos were eventually banned by law in 1999), on the development of mesothelioma are usually dozens of years.
Mesothelioma is not limited to veterans in the field of industrial construction.
Asbestos has been, and in many cases remains laid in homes, where we live, offices, where we work, school, where we learn, and shops, where we go shopping.
As a result, mesothelioma pays no attention to the class, income, profession or age.
Bastiony, from the fashionable London department stores to private schools, as it turned out, not salvation.
Parliament Building riddled with asbestos.
Even hospitals, which are intended to treat us, turned out to be reservoirs of this lethal carcinogen.
Andrew Lawson was not old.
He was not truboizolirovshchik.
In fact, he had to think about where he could come into contact with asbestos.
Then he realized.
"It seems that there could be a lot of asbestos in the tunnels in the hospital, where I spent six years on probation," he wrote.
All students, nurses, doctors and loaders used these tunnels.
I wonder how many of my peers expect the same disease?
It was a question on which, unfortunately, he could give a partial answer.
"The four doctors, who are in hospital and have subsequently developed mesothelioma over the past five years," he said in a letter in 2010, "I stayed alive."
How many of us expect this disease?
Andrew Lousonu was diagnosed with "mesothelioma" when he was 48 years old.
When he died, 17 February this year, he was 55.
Melquiades for so long.
Fifty percent of mesothelioma patients die after 8 months after diagnosis.
It is always deadly.
So, now we can only repeat the question: "How many of us expect this disease?"
According to a leading expert on mesothelioma in the UK, Professor Julian tube, the most likely to assume that between 1970 and 2050, when asbestos epidemic in Britain should have an end to die about 90,000 people.
Most now do not represent that will die in this way.
Asbestovaya mine in Quebec, Canada Alamy
A quick review of reports from courtrooms, where victims often seek compensation, shows how far spread to attack mesothelioma.
In this June, for example, Marks & Spencer acknowledged that Dzhenis Idelson contact with asbestos.
She worked in a network of nine years, from 1978 to 1987, stage-managing clothing departments at two sites, one of which was the main store on Oxford Street.
Mrs. Ellen was only 18 years old when she began to work in M & S.
Now she has two children older than 20 years.
"Before it happened," she says, " I never heard about mezoteliome, I barely knew about asbestos.
I never could have that I would.
Few people really know about asbestos.
In fact, asbestos is not one substance, and a group of six minerals.
They got their name from the word "asbestiform," which means fbrous structure, which gives them strength and flexibility.
Of these six, three were often used in construction.
Chrysotile, widely known as white asbestos, much more often than other buildings on the day.
It was used in roofing panels, floor tiles, thermal insulation pipes, boiler rooms, even in the brake kolodkakh cars.
It is less deleterious than other forms of asbestos, but still recognized by the EU and the World Health Organization "a serious source of harm to health," which can lead to death.
More dangerous, however, brown asbestos (the) and blue asbestos (crocidolite).
Britain was once the largest importer of brown asbestos in the world, and experts suggest that " there are compelling, albeit indirect reason to believe that this is the main reason for the exceptionally high number of patients with mesothelioma [v Velikobritanii].
Marks & Spencer suffered exposure to asbestos in the company's main store on Oxford Street, London Alamy
Dzhenis Ellen probably never thought about myself as a typical victim of mesothelioma, but Julian tube suggests that her story is far from unusual.
He conducted a study of patients, which suggests that "a significant percentage of mezoteliomy, when there is no known impact on jobs or homes, were probably caused by exposure to asbestos from the environment."
Most of this impact, he says, is " normal use and the impact of weather on our buildings.
Nobody, it seems, cannot be sure that it is safe.
Goddard's Consulting, in which the Palace of Westminster, demonstrates how people, even in the heart of the government, could be exposed to unconsciously.
In 2009, Goddard's reported that technical mines and pipelines for parliamentary committees were infected with asbestos, deadly fibers that could be set in motion something as innocuous as "strong air currents."
Members of parliament have often accused that they are pursuing their own interests, but in this case it seems that it is true otherwise.
Although the Directorate on the maintenance of the parliament insisted that the Palace of Westminster was "clear evidence," now it acknowledged that it is necessary to carry out work on the £1 billion on the reconstruction of the parliament, modified the electrics and removing asbestos, and that after the general election 2015, members of parliament, perhaps, will meet in the conference center nearby, but not on the green benches of Westminster.
The report noted that "the situation with asbestos is not governed by different rules."
It is impossible to know whether this error will cost lives.
All that can be done now is to wait.
One of those who failed to reveal his contact with asbestos, is Graham Abbott, a GP.
And as Andrew Lawson, Abbott, 50 years, suspects that he was exposed to asbestos when he worked in hospitals.
"I worked in the hospital, which were successfully brought against lawsuits related to asbestos," he says, " but I can't prove it in my case.
So it is difficult to remember all the places, where he worked, and date.
What he remembers clearly the day in early December 2009, when he was fascinating something that was like the flu.
He was 45, and he was in the middle of the night operation.
Suddenly, I start shaken.
It started very quickly.
I felt terrible.
I thought that I would not be able to go all the way up to the house.
As a doctor, Abbott knew that the pain comes from the pleura, the membrane around the lungs.
However, as well as Dzhenis Idelson, he had no reason to suspect mezoteliomu.
Ultimately, he could not walk on the job this month.
Baffled doctors did chest X-rays and plevralnye catheter to pull fluid from the lungs and send it to the test.
Yet his condition ostavlos without diagnosis.
Gradually, his health has improved, and he returned to work.
But from time to time the same symptoms returned, often after he was involved in the sport and was breathing hard.
In 2011, one of the patients Abbott came to him in office with similar symptoms, and he was subsequently diagnosed with "mesothelioma."
But even then, Abbott has linked it with his own case.
At the end of the day, his patient was a dozen years older and worked with asbestos directly.
The connection in this case was obvious.
In September 2011, Abbott condition worsened again, and his doctor showed him the results of the CT scan and X-rays of a group of specialists.
In December 2011, exactly two years after Abbott began to feel bad, the sensor is equipped with a camera, was introduced in the cavity between the shell of his chest and a shell of his lung.
I am an optimist.
I usually just go," he says.
I am not too upset about it, frankly.
But Rachel, my wife, worried.
The result of the biopsy came in the week between Christmas and New Year: "I was told that this" mesothelioma.
Graham Abbott: diagnosed mesothelioma
Suddenly, Abbott was in meetings with Macmillan nurses, one of whom invited him to contact a lawyer.
It was then that he realized the scale of the epidemic.
"It turns out that asbestos has been widely used, especially in large public buildings, where quite often the asbestos thermal insulation on pipes, he said.
People who have been exposed to an asbestos in these buildings, now succumb to the disease.
Thus, mesothelioma now affects more young people with atypical jobs.
The most dangerous isolated asbestom pipes in hospitals were in basements, so it is unlikely to hurt patients.
But many employees who passed through a pedestrian tunnel to get from one building to another (as Andrew Lawson), or eat in the basement canteen (how often did Graham Abbott) almost certainly really were exposed a toxic substance.
Within a few decades after the war, it turns out, hospitals were a place where, in theory, life for potsienty, but a place that constituted a threat to life for doctors, which they are treated.
It still continues today.
Schoolchildren have installed their Bunsen burners on asbestos crystals
This is not only the hospital.
Asbest is often used in offices, shops, libraries and meriyakh because of their amazing insulating and fire-resistant characteristics.
The schools, too.
In fact, many, most likely, for the first time to face the impact of asbestos in the classroom.
Across the country, countless chemistry lessons, schoolchildren have installed their Bunsen burners on asbestos crystals.
There are some websites, focusing on the problem of asbestos in schools.
Meanwhile, in our homes, such innocuous things like tile roofs or barns, as a rule, contained asbestos.
"This is an industrial poison, in a lot of our buildings," said Andrew Morgan, a lawyer who represented Andrew Lawson in the case against the hospital.
In one case, the only contact that could recall the sick woman, was the demolition of a garden shed in the 1970s.
Therefore, YMMV, snosya garden sheds.
The effect of the diagnosis, when it is known that incurable disease, is enormous.
"In order to realize this, it takes quite a lot of time," says Graham Abbott.
I went back to work and tried to continue, but realized that I could not concentrate on what I do.
I stayed in surgery two weeks.
Then I realized that I have to go out and deal with him.
Well, I no longer meet Christmas
One of the most difficult things was the transition from the position of the doctor in the position of the patient.
As countless patients before him, he remembers, was confused with the volume of information, which had to be taken.
"It was hard to fathom," he says.
"I asked my doctor how much I have the time?"
I gave about 12 months.
I remember, as I thought: "Well, I no longer meet Christmas.
That's all ."
Mesothelioma is especially dangerous, because it is the mechanics of how we support life, the very act of breathing - causes cancer, which kills.
The majority of mezoteliomy cases are caused by contact with asbestos.
Asbest consists of tiny fibers.
When asbestos is destructed and fiber breathed, they can get stuck in plevre, lightweight shell.
Asbestos fibers are annoying pleura and can cause mutations in cells.
"The problem arises because of the asbestos fibers, Professor Tom Treasure, kardiotorakalnyy surgeon, who came in 2001 at the hospital.
It is the hospital, where, as suspected by Andrew Lawson, he came under the influence of asbestos, now, ironically, a leading center for mesothelioma treatment.
Treasure knew Lawson and treated some others who may have been exposed, stazhiruyas in the hospital.
When asbestos needles fall into lung tissue, says Treasure," breathing on the periphery, where there is a shell.
This is, in essence, an invasive process from the very beginning.
Conventional treatment options and other forms of cancer are much less efficient at mezoteliome.
The effectiveness of surgical intervention, for example, generates heated debate.
Some think that it is worth trying.
Treasure does not agree.
"It is impossible to cut pleura," he said.
There is no way around it with a knife.
Meanwhile, the cancer "is not very amenable to chemotherapy," which "works," but do not treat.
"From time to time, there are patients who live for a long time," says Treasure.
But in the end, they all die.
Fortunately, some patients live much, much longer than expected.
The writer Stephen Jay Gould died after 20 years after he was diagnosed.
Two and a half years after diagnosis, Graham Abbott continues to fight.
After he fell ill mesothelioma, Abbott acquainted with Andrew Lawson, who, four years after diagnosis, single-handedly turned into office support and advice for such patients.
"Yes, the following chapter presents," cheerfully told him when they rang.
"He was very positive," says Abbott.
He was diagnosed four years ago, and he was still very energetic.
First, Abbott offered six cycles of chemotherapy, which would have taken four months and would have extended his life for the whole month.
"I was in despair," he says.
I wanted to surrender.
Lawson, nonetheless, "managed to give a more positive tone."
Meeting with several specialists, Abbott decided to continue treatment with Professor Poujol Lange Lazdunski, professor of thoracic surgery at the hospital.
"We had an advantage in that I didn't need direction, I just phoned them, and they took me," admits Graham.
The average patient would receive direction and approval for funding.
Money plays a crucial role for patients with mesothelioma, in order to get the best available types of treatment.
However, when such treatment, finally, inevitably turn out to be ineffective, many patients are faced with another financial reason for concern about the future of families, which they will leave.
And then they turn to the courts for compensation.
Andrew Lawson contacted Andrew Morgan from Field Fisher Waterhouse LLP.
"It was known that asbestos is harmful to health, since 1898," says Morgan.
But what has changed in the 1960s, so that it became clear that even very small quantities could endanger health risk.
It was then that talk of bad faith.
Andrew Lawson and Hospital Guy, ultimately, resolve the case, but it was not a "settlement on the full value," according to Morgan, as Lawson failed to clearly prove that his mesothelioma was the result of contact with asbestos in the hospital.
After an investigation into his death, hospital spokesman Guy still acknowledged, nonetheless, that "asbestos in the basement, which was discussed, was removed in the 1990s."
It was too late for Andrew Lawson.
How to remove asbestos
In fact, bind lethal contact with asbestos to one company or place of work - usually through a dozen years after this turned out to be a big problem for patients with mesothelioma, requiring compensation.
Many of their former employers have replaced the owner or shut down.
Insurance records could be lost.
And those who are protected from lawsuits, know that on their side, which plaintiffs, of course, is not.
In response to this year were serious new legislative acts that make it easier for patients with mesothelioma in the process of collecting compensation, even if their former employers cannot be tracked.
In accordance with this law, which was created by the £350 million fund, financed by the insurance industry, for those who had been diagnosed after July 2012 and who can prove contact, but no one with whom to sue.
In such cases, patients will receive 80 percent of the amount, which the court would have to award in the usual case of compensation - about £120000.
About 300 successful lawsuits on this scheme are expected each year.
Andrew Morgan, like many who work with patients with mesothelioma, believes that the £350 million represents a "very good job" for the insurance industry.
"This transaction, written by insurers for insurers," he said, hinting that the sum is a quarter that insurers would have to pay, if not the time frame, and patients with mesothelioma could track company and sue the usual way.
Even Mike trap, formerly minister of labor and pensions, acknowledged that the law is "imperfect."
But the trap, and Morgan acknowledges that, in view of the fact that seven people die every day, rapid action was needed.
"People are suffering so much, and they need help now," said the trap during the second reading of the Bill of mezoteliome in December last year.
By the time Graham Abbott was in the hands of Professor Poujol Lange Lazdunski 19 months.
After the initial consultation, Lange Lazdunski recommended surgery, which, unlike Tom Treasure, he believes to be effective.
This is followed by radiotherapy and chemotherapy - triterapiya, in which Lange Lazdunski can boast as much as 40 percent of the surviving patients for five years.
Abbott felt a surge of strength.
"This is, of course, one of the most important things," says Abbott.
You can see these patients all the time.
There is a force that supports you.
When sdaeshsya, the condition can deteriorate very quickly.
Graham Abbott went into operation in March 2012.
By the end of August, he finished last of six rounds of chemotherapy.
Subsequent scans showed no trace of the disease.
Then I did a scan in March [2014 goda].
There were several spots [raka] in my ribcage.
I just would be 50.
This is not a threat to life.
This is the end of his life.
Again, Abbott went through six rounds of chemotherapy.
Now there is no trace of the tumors.
However, this process both physically and emotionally heavy.
It is possible to think about practical things about finance, when I die, for example, or about what we need to show his wife, as she works on a timer on the boiler.
When you get bad news, you become.
We must look forward.
As the father of Ellie, 16 years old, and Temzin, 14 years old, it is not always easy.
"It is difficult for a parent," he says.
It is hard to understand what to say and how much to say.
When I was first diagnosed, I told the girls that I have the disease, which means that I do not live until old age.
They have reacted very differently.
Temzin very gregarious and energetic.
She told all their friends, and we very quickly got the call.
Ellie was more low-key.
She did not say much.
Such talk is something that face a cancer patient.
But for patients with mesothelioma, such discussions are not counterbalanced by hope, even a glimmer of opportunity to survive.
This disease brings (even as, in the end, for Stephen Jay Gould) grim certainty.
According to Andrew Morgan," mesothelioma does not constitute a threat to life.
The bodies of nabalzamirovannykh pharaons zavorachivayutsya in asbestos fibers.
Asbestos fibres are used for strengthening saucepans and resisting heat increases.
Pliny describes asbestos.
Now invented the canvas, which does not ignite.
I saw him napkins, smouldering in fireplaces on banquets
The modern commercial use of asbestos begins in Italy, where it is used for the manufacture of paper (even banknotes) and fabrics.
Major asbestos mines opened in Canada and South Africa, and soon after that in America, Italy and Russia.
It is an ideal heat insulator for steam engines and turbines of the Industrial Revolution.
Global asbestos production grows more than 30,000 tons per year.
Statistics from Prudential reveal premature mortality among those who work with asbestos and that as a result of this refusal in life insurance.
Nelli Kershaw dies in Rochdale.
Dr. William Cook shows that asbestos particles in her lungs were, without doubt, the main cause of death ."
This is the first case of this type.
Employers Kershaw, Turner Bros Asbestos, did not admit responsibility.
The compensation was not paid.
During World War II has been one of the most deadly professions in terms of contact with asbestos.
Voluntary industry ban on imports of blue asbestos
The Court of Appeal confirms the first successful lawsuit about health damage caused by the result of exposure to asbestos, in the UK.
Global asbestos production grows to more than 4213000 tons per year.
Britain imports 139,000 tons.
The Executive Committee on issues of health and industrial safety in the UK requires that all contractors working with asbestos, received a license.
The import and use of blue and brown asbestos is prohibited by law in Britain.
All use of asbestos is banned in Britain.
Act mezoteliome adopted in Britain.
The scheme for compensation in the amount of £350 million has been announced.
Asbest banned more than 50 countries, but white asbestos is still used in cheap construction materials in many parts of the world.
Global production is estimated at 2 million tons per year.
China refuses to give Hong Kong the right to choose leaders; protesters vow revenge
China's Parliament decided on Sunday not to allow Hong Kong voters to nominate candidates for the election in 2017, despite growing demands for democratic reform.
Such a move is likely the beginning of the long promised protests in Hong Kong business district, as activists began planning and mobilization in a few hours after that statement.
The decision of the National People's Congress, in essence, allows communist leaders to remove all candidates who are not loyal to Beijing.
"This is not our expectations, but still infuriating," said legislator Emily Lau, chairman of the Democratic Party.
This is not what Beijing has promised.
They defrauded the people of Hong Kong.
And it is clear that we are dealing with an authoritarian regime.
Defending China's decision, Li Fae, Deputy General Secretary of the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress, said that to allow the popular election of the leader of Hong Kong would be too "chaotic."
Since 1997, when Britain handed over control of Hong Kong back to China, Beijing promised to allow residents of the region to choose by a vote of the head of the government, starting in 2017.
Chinese leaders announced the decision Sunday as a democratic step forward, because it gives gonkongtsam right to direct vote; but the decision also makes clear that Chinese leaders will continue to hold the process in their hands with the help of the Commission on the nomination of candidates, rigidly controlled from Beijing.
And, according to a new article, only candidates who "love the country and love Hong Kong" will be allowed.
The decision was made after the summer, when one of the largest and most highly publicized protests in Hong Kong for many years.
For a large part of the pro-democracy campaign in Hong Kong worth movement Occupy Central With Love and Peace, which organizers have threatened to shut down Hong Kong's financial district, if Beijing does not guarantee genuine universal suffrage.
On Sunday evening, after a few hours after the announcement, hundreds of Occupy supporters gathered under the rain in front of the headquarters of the Hong Kong government.
The demonstration organizers said that their movement is moving to a new stage of civil disobedience, and that they would rally on the waves of protest in the coming weeks.
Nevertheless, they had not been informed of the details, apparently seeking to avoid problems with state authorities.
In an online statement the organizers reported that the movement " obdumyvalo ability to capture the central area only as an exceptional measure, an action that can be done only if all dialogue possibilities have been exhausted and there is no other choice.
We have with great regret to inform you that today all opportunities for dialogue have been exhausted and the seizure of the central area will undoubtedly take place.
Authorities in Hong Kong were preparing for the announcement in Beijing a few days, and on Sunday at the headquarters of the government were strengthened security measures involving police and barricades.
At the core of the unrest is the feeling among many in Hong Kong, that they are slowly losing their control over their own town.
The influx of residents from the mainland is intensifying competition in the field of goods and services.
It also intensifies the fear that Hong Kong's values, such as democracy and freedom of speech, are starting to weaken under increasing pressure from Beijing.
Some criticize the Occupy movement, saying that his demonstrations are putting at risk the business lifeblood of Hong Kong.
"The protest, which they say, it can lead to great economic damage depending on how many people will participate and how long," said the legislator, Regina Ip, who has long criticized the move.
We do not want to worry about the fact that Hong Kong gets out of control.
This view, which is detrimental to investment.
Chinese state media also gave reports in recent days, in which Hong Kong pro-democracy activists were shown subversives, merchanting Western powers.
This summer, activists staged an unofficial referendum on suffrage, which attracted 780000 participants - more than one-fifth of voters in Hong Kong.
But in July, tens of thousands marched on one of the largest pro-democracy demonstrations in the history of the region.
American culture balls on to university life: freshmen suggested arriving on a private jet
We are pleased to respond to this demand, launching the first in the UK travel service category "lux" for current students.
In order to leave a vivid impression of arrival at the university, the company also offers such transportation options, such as private jet, Rolls-Royce Phantom, Aston Martin or McLaren P1.
Mr. Stewart also said that he thought about security.
This service is an ideal alternative for students who usually have to carry their belongings across the country in a dangerous machine.
In conjunction with our new options for VIF, we look forward to how to help students this year to get to university with minimum effort and maximum luxury.
A spokesman for the company said that, as this service has just been launched, orders have not yet been received, but added that "the students will begin to book this service in the next few weeks."
The company also said that, despite the fact that the students should have to pay for tuition £9000 a year, she still hopes to find a market for this service.
Today's students are quite different from students 10, 20, 30 or 40 years ago in what concerns the expectations and hopes: more important than ever, to make a good first impression, and VIF is exactly what is needed.
Nevertheless, the National Union of Students criticized this service as sill from reality.
Megan Dunn, vice president for higher education, said: "This project seems incredibly away from the lives of most students.
Many students, who this month will begin studies at university, are faced with the crisis cost of living, when the available financial support in the form of loans and grants for rapidly growing spending on basic needs before they can even start thinking about how to remove thousands of pounds on something like a simple arrival at the hostel.
Feminists are raising the question of racial identity and behavior of the police after Ferguson
Bezoruzhnyy teenager was killed by a police officer in Ferguson, Missouri, earlier this month.
The night they raise their hands, chanting: "Hands up, don't shoot," as long as they wait in the queue before the funeral.
After two weeks of protests in Ferguson, Missouri, associated with the murder of unarmed teenager Michael Brown, blogger Miriam Zoila Perez noticed a shift in online conversation among white feminists.
According to her experience, white feminists, the comments raised gender above race, when the promotion of reproductive rights and income inequality.
However, as increased tensions in the Middle West and attracted national attention, Peres saw white women who concentrated on 100 percent of the race.
Compared with the reaction of black women shortly after the murder on August 9, a personal essay with such headlines as "thoughts about Ferguson on behalf of a white woman" and "feminism" is not only about the oppression of women " appeared relatively late.
But for Peres, they showed a significant shift.
"In feminism, I don't think that there are a lot of people who talk about white skin and privileges at such a high level," she said.
People have felt compelled to say something about what happened.
This is very symbolic for the crisis, with which we have faced, and because (the situation in Ferguson) is so tied to race, they felt that it should be noted.
A professor of English at the University of Ohio Kority Mitchell Ferguson revealed problems that black American women face every day, but that is not perceived as "women's problems" in the cultural sphere.
"I can write something funny in Facebook about what is happening with me and my partner, and I have 150 Laikas everywhere," says Mitchell.
When I write something about how people have been targeted in their own country, silence electrocutes.
"Why women safely speak publicly about the relationship, but not about security in the public sphere?" she asks.
For black women, like Mitchell, who studied the issues of race, gender and sexuality in US history, there is no dichotomy between issues concerning race and gender.
From her point of view, black women are in a position to clearly distinguish these problems; they are faced with a complex reality every day.
At the same time, as white women now combine issues race and gender in the feminist mainstream, Khetteri Featherstone, a professor of women's and gender studies at George Mason University, says that their predecessors did the opposite.
"Between 1865 and 1890 years linchevali, at least 10,000 black men, and the base is almost always served the rape of a white woman," said Khetteri.
What was needed was a white woman, a story to justify lynching.
From the point of view of Khetteri, the gap between white and black women occurred when white suffragists, for example, Susan B. Anthony studied the situation in the late 1800's, and saw that the struggle for suffrage will be effective only for one of the groups: women or blacks.
"They decided to put all eggs in the basket right to vote for women, and the right to vote for blacks would appear later," said Khetteri.
Looking back on such things gives us a clear idea about why women do not trust white women.
We have not done anything good.
We never helped black women to protect their husbands and sons.
Even after women gained voting rights in 1920, took ten years to white women against linchevaniy in the Association of Southern Women for the Prevention of linchevaniy.
This group emerged after nearly 40 years after black women first asked for help," said Mitchell.
From the point of view of Mitchell, the rise of white feminists on the issues raised the situation in Ferguson, police behavior, racial discrimination - reflects a time when white a feminist had to "catch up" problems, with which black women in several generations.
"It is true, it would be great if activists who have a [traditsionnaya feministicheskaya] ideology, we would be seriously right to raise a child, as they relate to the right to contraception?" asked Mitchell.
Feminists of the second wave, which made a career in the struggle for reproductive rights and access to contraceptives, now begin to understand what it means.
A well-known white feminist movement activist Gloria Staynem through two weeks after the murder of Michael Brown seized Feysbukom and published a harsh article kolumnistka Guardian Rebecca Carroll, which demanded that white Americans took part in protests on issues of racism.
"I hope that women who have a different, but similar reason to understand the danger in the body, and point of view on racial issues, which are substantially different in public polls -- will be led by the change," wrote Staynem.
Although Staynem guarantee for more feminism, which includes problems and racial discrimination, and gender, her comments about race in America has so far surprised some.
The American entrepreneurial institute researcher Christina Sommers, author of "Who Stole feminism?," said The People, that young men in the United States, especially young people, "much more vulnerable than their sister," but Staynem remarks about Ferguson contradict criticism, which she expressed earlier.
Now we have hundreds of special programs for girls and young women, but almost nothing for boys.
But when the White House recently launched a small program, "keepers of my brother," to help disadvantaged blacks and young men, was followed by the angry reaction from many feminists, including Gloria Staynem.
Police relations with the black community is not the only problem, the forefront of traditional feminism.
After the U.S. Border Guard arrested about 63000 Unaccompanied Minor on the southwestern border of the country this year, immigration reform again came out on the surface - this time as a problem for women.
Andrea Mercado, co-chairman of we Belong Together, an organization that mobilizes women in support of immigration reform, said that in order to apply this problem as important for women, it was only to share stories of women -- immigrant women.
"They speak for themselves," said Mercado.
When the vast majority of workers visas [immigrantam muzhchinam], women who come with them, find themselves in the position, vulnerable to domestic violence and exploitation.
"These stories are a positive response from women's organizations," she said.
Ipsvichski house "pig" sold
The photograph of the house, the invoice for sale in Suffolk, was removed by agents of the property, when it turned out that it depicts a big pig in the living room.
Vystavlennyy on sale for £120000, a separate house with one bedroom is on a private road in Ipswich.
A detailed description of a photo of a house - which showed a pig with his head on the couch.
The Agency for the Connells estate reported that a pig on a photo of the pet owner's house.
"However, the picture has been posted by mistake and has already been removed," said a spokesperson for the company.
In a detailed description of the house, Connells described the former house of assembly as "a unique individual house with one bedroom."
Despite the fact that the agency barred photography from its website, it still persists in promotional materials.
The sale of houses has caused interest in social networks, where some questioned whether selling pigs together with the house.
Russian tennis player Maria Sharapova, in the opening match of the fourth round of US Open Caroline Wozniacki. Believes that it lacks stability.
According to athletes, she wants to finish the year and try to reach a new level, reports from New York Vasili OSIPOV.
How do you evaluate their results on the "Grand Slam" in this year?
Of course, I am glad that we managed to win at Roland Garros.
As for three other tournaments, I lacked stability, especially in some kontsovkakh matches.
Now I am, of course, upset.
It is not even able to reach the quarterfinals.
What tasks you put in front of you until the end of the season?
After a frustrating defeat, I have great motivation to go out on a new level.
I have serious work to do, and I'm going to do everything possible to finish the year.
AFPPD series of tournaments begins after a couple of weeks.
A member of the Duma committee on physical culture, sports and youth affairs, former world champion Nikolai Valuev has proposed for the implementation of the provisions of the Technical Review to give bonuses at the entrance to the university.
According to his words, the general regulations will be the same, as in Soviet times, people will pass regulations on lifting, running and other exercises.
The 12 regions of Russia will begin to implement the September 1 on its territory of TRP.
I also offered students who have passed the TRP, giving bonuses when they enter the university," said Valuev.
For example, they can add a few points to Zambrotta.
There are proposals to give an additional output workers who passed these tests.
In the town of Harvey in South Wales has a new millionaire after winning the lottery
The player in the lottery from Harvey in this month.
The search for a new millionaire in the southwest of Perth, where one lucky man will take home nearly $1 million from lotteries in Saturday evening.
A newspaper kiosk in Harvey brings gold in the main prize for the second time in five years, the last prize was $1 million in November 2009.
However, the lucky winner has yet to announce itself.
Shop owner Steve Forward said that the win sparked excitement in a small town south-west of Perth.
The whole city is talking about it, and everyone is very excited.
We thought that such a win could be a secret.
The eight winners from Western Australia celebrated winning the main prize in the last month, marking the completion of several successful weeks for players in the state.
Last week, a player from Vail became one of the five millionaires in August, following a $7 million gain from the Belmont in just a few weeks before that.
Vyigravshaya a couple of plays for 20 years and said that the win gave them the opportunity to travel around the world and buy a new home.
Slumdog Harvey won the main prize in Western Australia to 59 this year, with total winnings $85.6 million.
MinEcon wants to boost the market of electric vehicles
This week, the government has a comprehensive plan for the development of environmentally friendly transport in Russia, said deputy director of the Department of the Ministry of Oleg Pluzhnikov on the Round Table, which held " at the Moscow International Auto Show 2014.
The plan is made on behalf of the government, one of the main goals is to reduce emissions of greenhouse gases.
It is expected that the document would be adopted in late September - early October, says Pluzhnikov proposed measures relating to electric cars and hybrids - a plan for the development of vehicles on gas fuel in Russia already.
The plan (a copy of Vedomosti) is designed for 2014-2017.
It will be necessary to develop criteria for assessing electric and hybrid vehicles and decide how to promote the use and production of environmentally friendly vehicles.
The report by the government, which will describe the tax and customs measures to support electric vehicle, will be prepared by December 2014; scheme concessional lending and leasing to April 2015; and proposals to reduce the price of cars, localization and service infrastructure will be developed by October 2015.
In 2014-2015 is expected to make changes in the regulations, to facilitate conditions for the construction of charging infrastructure (on car parks, petrol stations, etc.).
In addition, federal officials intend to within 2015 to formulate a proposal by regional authorities to stimulate the use of environmentally friendly transport - in the form of giving him the benefit of traffic and parking, for example; and by February 2016 and proposals to expand purchases of such vehicles.
Finally, the Ministry of Economic Development already by October 2014 will bring in a list of indicators to assess the activities of regional authorities criteria, reflecting the effectiveness of support for the production of environmentally friendly transport, charging for infrastructure development.
The market of electric vehicles in Russia so far only formed in 2013 across the country sold around 100 electric cars.
At the beginning of 2014 obnulena import taxes on electric cars, so the sale will be approximately 500 pieces, predicts chief executive officer of Mitsubishi Motors in Russia, Andrei Pankov.
But growth does not make any noticeable: in 2013 in Russia, according to the Association of European business, sold 78 million cars and light commercial vehicles.
So far in Russia electric-vehicles imports only Mitsubishi Motors.
Start preparing for Renault - the company is focused primarily on corporate clients, says the director for strategic planning and partnerships in Russia, Nicolas Remiz.
Most other manufacturers of electric transport took a wait-and-see approach.
Development of electric vehicles and Russian producers - "gas," but a release.
For example, in January - July 2014, according to AFM, AvtoVAZ has released 30 electric cars.
Low demand because of the high cost of electric vehicles," admits director of AvtoVAZ engineering Sergei Amanov, without a breakthrough in this segment will not be....
The development of the Russian market of electric vehicles in addition to the high cost of cars (those electric cars that are sold in Russia, the average twice as much from internal combustion engines) is charging infrastructure (units), sighs ceo " Avtostata Sergei Tselikov.
Because of the high cost and low rates reduce the cost of electric cars in the next 3-4 years will remain niche segment of the Russian market, predicts chief editor Avtorevyu Mikhail Podorozhanski Tselikov agrees.
Automakers, in contrast, say that some models of electric vehicles are already close to the usual cost.
The Russian market prospects, the important thing is to instill confidence in consumers that "elektromobilnost" is real; this, in particular, will contribute to the emergence of new charging stations, the president of the BMW group in Russia, Wolfgang Shlimme.
These infrastructure projects, for example, the state-owned "Rosseti": in Moscow built several stations, will soon be around 80.
The negotiations on the construction of a network of filling stations and with other regions.
According to the director of the department of "Rossetey" Vladimir Sofin, the company believes in the market of electric vehicles and is ready to build gas-filling stations across the country, but there are problems: a small number of electric cars in the country and the lack of a single standard for charging different brands.
In addition, "Rosseti" as a network company does not have the right to sell electricity, the ability to do so in relation to charging LEAF.
Panki believes the most effective measure of state support in Russia market vehicle customs duties.
Zero rate will be in effect until the end of 2014, the possibility of its renewal, extension of the preferential list.
Replacement transport tax on ecological idea is discussed and concerns all machines also will support the market, but not as noticeably as customs preferences, said Pankov.
The transport tax in Russia is small, said Pankov, in contrast, for example, from Norway, where tax cuts led to a sharp rise in sales of electric vehicles is now on the market.
Russia needs and stimulus measures for car owners, such as parking in the center of the city (as already done in Moscow), certain music, or the possibility of movement on the dedicated lanes, that in Russia as long as there is no.
The Colorado crashed a private jet
Odnomotornyy plane Piper PA 46 crashed in the US state of Colorado.
Three out of five people were killed, said ITAR-TASS.
The survivors were taken to the hospital.
Accident occurred in a few kilometers from the runway of the airport in the city of Denver.
There are reasons for the tragedy.
In the Donetsk region with captured fighters of the battalion "Donbass."
Karateli growled at Ilovaisk.
They were committed to their own commanders, and dozens of security forces were killed under fire.
Those who survived, they say, that if they knew, what is actually the situation in the southeast of Ukraine, the war would not have gone.
108 prisoners can be described as lucky.
Karateli from the battalion "Donbass" remained alive after the "meat-grinder," in which they fell under the Ilovaisk.
Surrounded by an army of Donetsk People's Republic militants held several days, virtually abandoned by their commanders and authorities in Ukraine.
When the headquarters reported that the "ring" could go on the corridor, the convoy moved.
But a couple of minutes from all sides booed shells and bullets.
"Judging from the information that I have given, we had a corridor, we were allowed to leave," said the deputy battalion commander, a callsign "Lermontov."
And when we between Mnogopole and Chervonoselski descended into the valley, began crossfire with anti-tank guided missiles, with " zushki grenade-launchers 30 game, automatic guns, small arms.
As a result, I walked four cars and three at the back, eventually cars remained only two.
The officer with the call-sign "Lermontov's" says: almost immediately killed no less than 60 people, and dozens were injured, many have died already.
Vyzhivshim militants now provide medical assistance to those who they came to kill.
Now the prisoners are surprised that the so-called "terrorists" treat them well, provide food, medicine.
At the same time, as their own commanders actually defrauded them and to certain death.
We simply betrayed," they say.
Colonna, the entire battalion, to be destroyed.
The battalion "Donbass," as well as many of his comrades, Alexei was a volunteer, because the Ukrainian news reported atrocities, which allegedly in the southeast of the "separatists."
It is already possible to see a different picture.
His mother was killed - and not someone else, and the Ukrainian military.
I have a friend called, said that the shelling that it is likely that the Ukrainian armed forces," said one of the soldiers, Alexei.
I then wanted to leave the battalion.
We do not leave Ilovaisk, say that we are in the ring.
I agreed with the commander, the report had already written about the withdrawal.
However, with fees from Zurakhovo immediately taken in Ilovaisk.
According to the prisoners, in the "cauldron" of Ilovaisk stuck 300 - 350.
Now some survivors admit that if we could turn back the clock, the punitive battalion they would never have joined.
The militia of the captives were handed over to the security forces.
Each check on involvement in war crimes.
The region has established its headquarters on limiting prices of products
In the Krasnoyarsk region established headquarters, which if necessary would be to limit the growth of prices for products on the market in the region.
The decree on this structure has already been signed.
The composition of the staff members of the government, representatives of the executive and supervisory agencies.
Collectively, they will monitor the prices of agricultural products in the region.
To keep the economy - whether Rosneft has to ask- $140 million of losses?
The head of Rosneft, Sechin said that the company assesses the damage from shelling of the Lisichansk refinery in Ukraine at $140 million.
This was what he said in an interview with Spiegel.
"We assess the damage in the $140 million and will negotiate with the Ukrainian government about compensation," said Sechin.
According to his words, commissioning modernized Lisichansk refinery was planned in 2014.
However, part of the plant was destroyed by Ukrainian artillery.
"There was no fighting, there was no" rebels ," but the Ukrainian artillery destroyed part of an industrial facility.
In addition, the technology of oil, zakachannaya pipes," he said.
Today, 18 July in connection with the shelling of the Lisichansk refinery burned down a tank for storing oil and destroyed buildings in two warehouses.
Lisichansk refinery is the main oil refinery in Ukraine, the first phase of the plant was put into operation in October 1976.
The total capacity of Lisichansk refinery is about 7 million tons of oil raw material in a year.
The plant is able to produce fuel standard "Euro 4," as well as the party standard "Euro 5."
In March 2012, the supply of oil at the Lisichansk refinery had been suspended in connection with his unprof-itability.
The company decided to start repairs.
A year later Rosneft received the Lisichansk refinery, along with other Ukrainian assets of TNK-BP.
North Korea has launched a short-range missile in the Japan Sea.
According to the South Korean media, it happened around 10:30 am local time from the province of Chagang Province, which is located on the border between North Korea and China.
As told Interfax at the Joint Chiefs of Staff of South Korea, reportedly landed in the Japan Sea after being whistled for about 220 kilometers.
The ruble is falling amid geopolitical pressure
The Moscow stock exchange soared by opening at 3 to 37, 15 rubles, the ruble fell to the basket against the backdrop of geopolitical tensions.
Trading on the ETC on dollar transactions within the borders of 37, 11:37, 2 /$1 average for two minutes at the level of 37, 16 /$1, above the previous closing level.
The euro stood at 48, 79 rubles per 1 euro, higher than the previous closing level.
The price of the basket added 3. 5 and 42, 395.
The US dollar is traded at 23 cops above the official exchange rate, the euro is at 16 kopecks above the official exchange rate.
The Russian market on Friday, August 29, continued rapid decline, but the panic at this time was not observed.
The cheaper ruble and even updated historic high against the dollar.
Now investors already otygryvayut worsening geopolitical situation and possible new sanctions against Russia.
But as long as it looks more like the artificial hysteria, pitched through the media, particularly in the West.
Options for the introduction of new sanctions against Russia are not so much already.
TeleTrade " at the opening of the Moscow Stock Exchange, the ruble continues a sharp weakening against the basket.
A geopolitical background remains a defining factor.
However, if we do not see a new negative in the near future, and the Russian indices, and the position of the national currency may be skorrektirovatsya.
"Orenair" will litigate with the "ideal" tour "
"Orenair" was "the ideal circuit" claims totaling 4.7 billion rubles.
We are talking about two things, which will take place in October.
The following matters will be different judges.
According to Interfax, the first lawsuit was filed on August 14.
His total slightly more than 425 million rubles.
The meeting was scheduled for October 7.
The second statement was filed on August 18.
His total of 24 billion rubles.
The meeting was scheduled for October 2.
As reported by journalists in the Russian Union of Tourism, the judges in the cases are different.
In July, the media got information about the "ideal" tour "before" Orenburg avilinii " in the amount of 1.5 billion rubles.
Airline chief Viktor Zyukin says about the amount of 1.6 billion rubles.
CFO Aeroflot Vitaly Savelyev calls an even greater amount of two billion rubles.
Twitter tried to become more interesting for new users
Microblog service Twitter has changed the process of registering users to quickly engage new participants in active interaction with the platform.
This measure should reduce the number of zabrosivshikh microblogs people.
Now the new Twitter users will be able to view during the registration of a large number of recommended service accounts, in order to immediately draw up its own reading.
The recommendations are compiled on the basis of the registration of interests.
In this case, Twitter automatically sets the tick on the subscription for all automatically selected accounts.
Because of this user will have to check, so as not to read those who he was not interested.
If earlier service users saw only avatarki recommended users, Twitter is a sample of one of the most popular tweets blogger, to help get an impression about the man.
This is the biggest change in the registration page on Twitter over the past three years.
Recently, Twitter is actively working on the modernization of service.
This activity is, above all, with ongoing efforts to reach the break-even point.
In 2014 the microblog service was faced with slowing growth in the user base and a fall in activity readers.
The company currently desperately needs a large number of loyal consumers, which, in time, would have remained for a long time.
This is the only way to ensure a steady stream of advertising funds.
The Day of Knowledge in Moscow will be zyabkiy and rainy
The first of September in the Moscow region throughout the day will be cool and rainy, according to meteorologists.
The air temperature in Moscow will be from 16 to 18 degrees in the region - 13 - 18 degrees.
The cloudy weather with clearings, rain and wind in the eastern quarter of it will be quite weak - just 3 to 8 meters per second.
The recycling of cars resumed from September 1
Since September 1, Russia resumes action program for recycling cars.
Until December 31, 2014 for these purposes will be allocated 10 billion rubles.
As explained in Chapter Denis, the money from the limits, which have already been notified to the Ministry of Industry and Trade of the Russian Federation through redistribution from other areas of support.
The program will affect all vehicles older than six years.
The amount of the compensation is estimated at 40,000 for the car up to 350 thousand rubles for cargo.
In the past, Russia has already operated a similar program for recycling cars.
The main difference between the current project, explained the minister, in what is now proposed not only recycling machines to get the discount, but in the case, if the car has reached the age of more than six years, to buy a new discount upon completion of the old "trade" dealer, the Interfax news agency.
The previous federal program, recycling strategies from 1 January 2010 to 31 December 2011, has spent more than 16 billion rubles.
Thanks to it, the level of production of passenger cars in 2010 was about 1.2 million units (plus 101, 4% compared to 2009).
The creator of Coming Out Simulator will release the game about modern journalism
Geymdizayner Nikki Case, famous for playing Coming Out Simulator decided to release the game about modern journalism.
He talked about his project in an interview with Kill Screen.
Case began work on the game a few weeks ago, but this fact was only now.
The source of inspiration for the game became events in Ferguson, where protests began after police killed an unarmed black teenager.
The focus of the project, which has yet to be named, will be how media coverage affects their consequences.
The hero of the game, a civilian journalist, will need to take what is happening in areas where there are skirmishes between police and the population.
The hero may differently photograph that will affect the course of events.
If he will take the stage so that the police will look like heroes, and protesters are bandits, police would be better to treat and to enter, where the average person does not pass.
If he will cover the events differently, his pictures can turn peaceful protests in a large-scale rebellion.
Points in the game will need to recruit with the help of Twitter, which will appear in new subscribers, if posted photos will be popular.
The game still has no name.
The date of publication and platform, on which it appears, are unknown.
Kees, however, published a picture showing how an event can change depending on how it is done and handled a picture about it.
In an interview with the Kill Screen Case explained that he toyed with the concept of such a game for a long time, but initially wanted to dedicate her protests in the United States, and events in the Gaza Strip.
After he started collecting material for the game, realized that he didn't have enough knowledge and skills to cover the history of the region.
But when he saw how the media covered the events in Ferguson, he decided to make the game on the grounds.
Nikki Case is an independent software developer, which produces browser games.
The most famous of his project was Coming Out Simulator, which was released in 2014.
This game, in which talks about the events of the biography, is devoted to how bisexual teen tries to tell about his relationship with homophobic parents.
Geletey draws Ukraine into continuing bloodshed
The call to prepare for the next "tens of thousands" of victims of the Minister of Defence of Ukraine Valery Geletey draws people into the continuation of the bloody standoff, from a statement by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs.
"In Moscow, of course, drew attention to the remarks by the head of the Ukrainian Defense Ministry Valery Geletey, declared" the completion of the operation to liberate East Ukraine from terrorists "and" the beginning of the Great Patriotic War ," the loss of which will be estimated" tens of thousands ."
The extent of the adequacy of the head of the Defense Ministry of Ukraine, the publisher on his page in Facebook the post, is a subject for research specialists not in the military sphere," it said in a message to Russian diplomats.
They readily believe that such statements may belong to the Minister of Defence of a civilised state.
On his page in Facebook, the Minister of Defence wrote Monday: "According to unofficial channels, the Russian side has several times threatened that in the case of the continuation of the resistance they are prepared to use against our tactical nuclear weapons."
At the same time, he said that "the operation to liberate eastern Ukraine" has been completed.
Perez Hilton removed all intimate images of stars and apologized
Today, horror gripped more than 60 Hollywood stars.
Hackers hacked primitive passwords in iCloud (storage) in smartphones, after which their intimate images appeared on the website of the blogger Perez Hilton.
However, for a while.
Earlier, an official of "Hunger Games" star Jennifer Lawrence has already reported stolen photos with her phone, but also confirmed that all images that "shine" on the Internet are genuine.
Perez Hilton is the creator of the eponymous website, the tabloid apologized for actress Jennifer Lawrence and her colleagues published their candid shots, wrote The Independent.
No, I am not forced to do so.
With me were not their agents.
And now I delete explicit photos of Jennifer Lawrence and Victoria Justice," wrote a blogger on Twitter.
However, all explicit photos of stars already thirsty on the Net.
David Beckham was involved in an accident, hiding from paparazzi
David Beckham was involved in a traffic accident on a motorcycle, to escape the paparazzi.
It happened in Los Angeles at the turn on Sunset Boulevard.
The British footballer dodged injuries and muscles on the right hand.
Beckham came out of the tattoo parlor, where he podzhidali paparazzo.
Uskolzaya from prosecution on a motorcycle, he failed to turn up with management and fell, writes TMZ.com citing close to player sources.
As a result, Beckham got hurt, muscles in the right hands and scratches.
Tony Stewart crashed back on track
The return of Tony Stewart on the track was already a few more than in the middle of the race at Atlanta Motor Speedway.
Stewart hit the wall for the second time after his right front tire ruptured on lap 172, ending his speech.
Stewart took his potrepannuyu car to the garage and then walked out, not talking with reporters.
The head of his team Chad Johnston said that 14 members of the team are frustrated, but now will focus on the race in the next weekend in Richmond, Virginia.
"I would like to see a more successful and more successful finish for him," said Johnston.
We will be in Richmond and, hopefully, we will be better.
Stewart first hit the wall earlier in the race Sunday night after a collision with Kaylom Bush, necessitating repairs on the right side of his car.
"I started today with a lot of hope to come to the finish," said Johnston, adding, "just did not work."
Shortly after the second accident, Stewart's car was put on the truck, and the team gathered and was ready to leave.
Stewart missed three races in NASCAR Sprint Cup after his car hit and killed another driver during a race on a dirt track in upstate New York.
He decided to return this week, and he needed to win in Atlanta, or at the next race in Richmond, to take part in the prosecution.
He returned to work during the investigation of the tragic incident, which killed 20-year-old Kevin Ward Jr., who stepped on the track to express displeasure with Stewart during a race.
Law enforcement officials said Friday that the cause of the accident will continue at least another two weeks.
The decision on whether Stewart to be indicted, was not accepted.
Google champion was greeted with loud cheers and applause, when he represented before the race.
Having started with the 12th position, Stewart walked in the first 10 at the start of the race, come up to the fourth position.
Then on lap 122 after Bush.
Car 18 off the track at the exit of Turn 2 and crashed into Stewart, tolknuv both cars in the wall.
Stewart continued, but dropped to 21st position.
Sobchack and Vitorgan cigarettes with Zhvanetsky in Odessa
Ksenia Sobchak and Maksim Vitorgan now reside in Odessa, about which the presenter did not fail to inform their Instagram.
However, one photo is very surprised and very smutila a couple of fans.
The picture was taken at Zhvanetzky.
"At the breakfast, Mikhail Zhvanetzky Mikhalych Maxim explains that such instagramm #odessa signed a photo of Ksenia Sobchak.
However, nothing exists except cigarettes on the table.
No coffee, buns, butter and other things.
The couple decided that Ksyusha also smokes, and condemned her for it.
"And whose cigarettes?," smoking kills! ,"" somehow cigarette breakfast ,"" there seem to be at breakfast, and on the table only cigarettes), "Xenia, you also smoke?" - vzvolnovalis for his pet to her blog.
Akmatbayev, recently Sobchak pokhvastalas what a delicious dinner for the first time in my life has prepared her Maksim Vitorgan.
"Happiness is when you come to the house, and her husband to your arrival has prepared dinner for the first time in married life, but what a delicious thing, now at the end of the dinner did not say the words of the joke:" so now every day was " pokhvastalas husband Ksenia Sobchak.
The picture shows that something with zeal, and on the table already filed pickles and baked chicken.
Prison officials in Bulgaria held a national protest
Hundreds of prison officers from all over Bulgaria held a national protest in front of the Ministry of Justice in the capital Sofia.
During the peaceful demonstration, they repeated their demands to return to the old labour conditions, which were recently changed.
An increase in salaries is also included in the list of requirements, which will be discussed with the acting Minister of Justice Hristo Ivanov.
During the month, the officers expressed a symbolic protest against a new timetable, demanding to return to the past 24 hour shifts.
Despite the fact that prison officials have repeatedly met with representatives of the Ministry of Justice, the agreement was not reached, according to the Bulgarian national radio (declared independence).
The talks are continuing, said declared independence the head of the General Directorate of Penitentiary Plevneliev Zhelyazkov.
It is expected that the union protest prison officials will be joined by members of the Federation of Trade Unions staff of the Ministry of Internal Affairs.
The army controls the new government of Thailand
Gen. Prayut (right) appointed to the post of Defense Minister Pravit Vongsuvan (left)
Military ruler and prime minister of Thailand, General Prayut Qiu ocsa announced the composition of the new cabinet of the country, in which more than a third of the positions are held by generals or generals in resignation.
Representatives of the army were given key posts: ministers of defense, finance, foreign affairs and trade.
On Monday, Prayut Qiu ocsa was officially approved as prime minister, as the king of Thailand officially approved the appointment of the head of the interim military government on this post.
60-year military power in the country in a bloodless coup on May 22, was the only candidate for the post.
He was elected prime minister at a session of parliament.
Previously, the army has appointed members of parliament.
According to Prayuta Qiu ocsa, the coup was the only way to maintain stability.
He was preceded by six months of the demonstration, during which protesters demanded the resignation of the government of Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra.
Officially, Prayut Chan ocsa will be interim prime minister, because the military plans to hold a general election at the end of 2015.
However, there are fears that the military is trying to strengthen its power in the country.
The military came to power on May 22
Against the backdrop of the complete paralysis of the civil power.
The leaders of the main political parties have been subjected to temporary arrest.
Immediately after the arrival of the military to power them was the temporary arrest of the country's leading politicians, including Prime Minister Yinglyk Shinawatra.
Zaderzhany were also some journalists and public figures.
The current political crisis is rooted in 2006, when the army of the prime minister's brother Yinglyk Thaksin Shinawatra.
Both of them have gained popularity among the rural population, especially in the northern regions of the country, that they ensured the success of the elections.
However, many members of the middle class and metropolitan elite have joined the anti-government movement, which virtually paralyzed the country since November 2013.
Nobody said that the salad mussels will be better, I promised, otshuchivaetsya waitress from a new brasserie Palm.
We have to formally acknowledge that this is true, but the mind and stomach remain adamant.
It is known: we say "Belgium" - mean mussels, we say "mussels" mean "Belgium."
Restaurateurs glubokomyslenno claim that the success of the institution depends on three factors: location, location and location.
There are such places, not so good, and even excellent, but some unfortunate.
In short, with a Palm, I remembered that when there was a cafe "town" (in honor of the show), then "Odessa" mom ," and another restaurant" Bozhol "and" friendship ."
Now here again, but no longer nostalgically of the Soviet Union, and Belgium.
Above the ground floor only the tip of the iceberg: the bar and a couple of tables, all the rest space devoid of even a hint of sunlight.
But here, as in the nursery: red, yellow and green walls, multi-colored chairs, instead of windows - TVs, where the girls are mermaids.
Belgian institutions in St. Petersburg for a long time not a novelty, so compare with that.
There are eight types of beer (260 to 300 rubles for 0.5 liters) and countless butylochnyy (170 - 1,550 rubles).
Kompaneyski waitress presents a fun menu, telling that "mussels" hearty large seeds, and it should be mentioned: the service, despite some shortcomings, is the most positive side of Palm.
The menu of the contents, but often very unexpectedly on execution.
Well, for example, to predict that the meat loaf with vallonskiy prunes (280 rubles) - actually, carpaccio narezannoe so thinly that parchment paper compared with him will seem thick.
How can something to taste, you can only if sgresti poltarelka time.
The case is even worse.
The classic lezhskiy (260) all would be to admit a crime against the Belgian people: somehow pozhukhlyy iceberg, otvarennaya once upon a time, potatoes raskisshaya Kenyan beans, oderevenelye chips from bacon plus pickled onions.
Since this lezhskiy salad does not want anyone!
The composition of the Belgian salad ingredients was part of another, but the impression was not positive.
If the nedozrevshie chetvertinki cherry tomatoes or perezharennye mushrooms you could close your eyes, then why mussels look as if they were a few times for their lives to freeze and boil.
In fact, I already know: here is normal belomorskie mussels!
They served in kastryulkakh "sauce on your choice" (490 - 560 rubles for 0.5 kilograms).
A half-dozen Sousov, that of white wine, celery and carrot, frankly.
Vegetables, but the flavor is missing, and whether there was wine, and remained a mystery.
But there are good frita mussels with homemade mayonnaise.
Dermanyssus vaterzoya broth, thick here - not to the extent that depending on the mood you can solve, the first or second dish in front of you, but simply a nice creamy supchik.
It was stated that a local chef cooks in beer sauce, and nothing was said about rozmarine.
The situation proved diametrically opposite: rosemary broke itself against all.
One gets the impression that this rabbit fed exclusively rozmarinovye bush that flourishes in life, why meat has acquired such an unusual flavor.
But while the rabbit leg is remarkable, not just a pear in the caramelised crust.
Waffles in Palm offer not only sweet, but also hearty - with beef, chicken or bacon and cheese (220 to 280).
Maple sauce was unnecessarily vodyanist and sukhovaty waffles.
But podoshedshaya desk manager very informally asked about dining experiences.
So, it is worthwhile to come again.
The dollar rose to MICEX above 37 rubles on the news about the new sanctions against Russia.
This is a new historical record.
The dollar estimates "tomorrow" to 10:29: 26, 9 cents and made up 37 percent, the euro rose by 30 cents to 48, 73, according to the data of the Moscow Stock Exchange.
Bivalyutnaya basket rose 28 cents to the level of the previous closing and cost 42, 28 of the ruble.
The dollar reached a maximum of Crimean events on February 19, 2009 - when he was 36, 43, and on March 3, 2014, he was already 37, 005 ruble.
On the night of August 29, the White House announced that US President Barack Obama and German Chancellor Angela Merkel will discuss the possibility of imposing additional sanctions against Russia.
The weakening of the ruble is a long-term character, and in a couple of euros, and in a couple with the dollar.
Long-term forecasts suggested this mark, "said senior analyst" Alpari " Anna Bodrov.
All that has to do with Ukraine, one way or another will be reflected on the courses.
As long as this will continue, investors will respond.
Today, rumors about the invasion have not been confirmed nor on the one hand, but the market was very emotional.
All the talk about the fact that he was resistant to such news, yesterday were dashed.
A week, according to expert forecasts, will close around these levels - 36, 90 and 37 percent for the dollar.
The tax period is over, the price of oil, weak policies, sanctions, the problem of gas transit through Ukraine is all links of one chain.
The forecast is also accelerating inflation: current prices for fall from 5 to 10%.
Soon, to the same end of seasonal vegetables and fruits, and there will be a vacuum, as long as networks pereorientiruyutsya on other suppliers.
"The dollar went up to the mark in 37 rubles, passed it and came back, some powerful hysteria is not," said head of market analysis, "the Broker" Constantine S.G.
Everyone else will be watching, will introduce on Saturday promised sanctions, as will meet NATO.
The ruble, in his words, sharply weakened after the completion of the tax season, then went to the news on Ukraine, in addition, the Central Bank last week said that before the end of the year transferred to a floating rate and disclaims any intervention.
If you look at daytime swings, it is no different from previous within this month, all spooked at 37 rubles, says an analyst.
And so, in terms of turnover, nothing happened.
Worrying times for the currency market, when the end of January was strong demand for the currency, as well as on March 3, when CB shipped a record number of currency.
The UFS AGOBOT-TK see the positive side of the weakening of the ruble.
First of all, this increase in budget revenues from export operations, as well as increasing the competitiveness of domestic producers at the expense of the rise in imports," said chief analyst UFS AGOBOT-TK Alexei Kozlov.
The negative moments can be attributed to higher prices for imported goods and services.
Significant fluctuations in the Russian currency would significantly reduce the attractiveness of investment in the Russian economy, inflationary pressure and, as a result, become the reason for the rising cost of borrowing money, which, in turn, hinders the development of the economy of the country.
If we talk about the stock market, the depreciation of the ruble somewhat smoothes over the decline in the price of shares in Rubles.
For example, the MICEX index during trading Thursday fell 1 67%, while the RTS index lost 3 27%.
This significant difference in the relative amount of decline in indexes can be explained by the weakening of the ruble during the day more than 1%.
The weakening of the ruble is an emotional character and can be explained by a massive desire to buy the currency.
In practice, emotions are gradually getting there, and partially or completely rebuild their positions.
"We believe that soon we will be able to see the correlation between the dollar and the Russian currency near the level of 36 rubles per dollar," said Alexei Kozlov.
The genetic disorder is often incorrectly diagnosed
Britanka reported that she spent many years thinking that dies after a wrong diagnosis.
Kupcinet Rogers spent much of his adolescence, thinking that she was left to live just a few years after she was diagnosed with another disease.
In fact, she had the disease Charcot Marie Tuta (ShMT) - a group of genetic disorders that cause damage to nerves outside the brain and spine.
Charitable organization CMT UK reported that the wrong diagnosis is a common problem among people with ShMT, because so little is known about this condition.
There are approximately 22,700 people in the UK, presumably, there is a ShMT, which can cause symptoms such as muscle weakness, uncertain gait and podzhatye toes.
Sufferers may experience numbness or pain, and the condition is not cured and plateaued, which means that the symptoms are amplified with time.
When Rogers was 13, she thought that suffering from ataxia ataxia (AF) is a condition, the prognosis for which was very bad.
Rogers thought that she would be chained to a wheelchair by the time when she will be 18, and will die before she reaches 30.
The mother of two children, now 51, said: "As a kid I knew that I could not do that.
I have every day, and I have all took more time.
I have never been able to ride on rollers or skateboarding with other children, and I have many scoffed at school because of how I went.
Rogers said that when she was 13, after several operations to unleash Chelsea, Inter returns tendon and straighten foot, she peered into the medical card, when her doctor left the room, and there was written, that it had AF.
"I felt, because sunula nose, where it should not be, and that's why I never said, but I returned home, found information about this condition in the library and wrote in the Association of AF," she said.
When I received information in response, I was shocked and suffered the most terrible panic, which is only possible.
I thought that I am in a wheelchair at 18 and I die before I will turn 25, and that I gradually lose all their abilities in this period.
I went through this one, and I splanirovala own funeral.
She said that by that time, when she was 17, she realized that her ability to walk had not deteriorated as much as she thought, and asked about their doctor.
He just stood up, hugged me and said: "My dear, I don't think that you have this disease, because you would have been in a wheelchair."
I think you have something that is much less of a threat to life.
After several genetic tests had found ShMT.
"When he explained that such ShMT, I thought that drew a lucky ticket," she said.
Charitable organization ShMT Britain announced this month information about ShMT to try to draw attention to this disease.
The tax burden on the Washington area is growing as economic recovery
Vosstanavlivayushchayasya economy means more customers, more sales and new jobs.
It also means higher taxes.
Accounts for paying taxes on state and local level for companies across the country, increased moderately in the last year, when an accelerated recovery of the economy, according to a new study, published last week, and companies in the Washington area is no exception.
Companies in the District, Maryland and Virginia collectively paid $27 billion into the coffers of the state and local level in fiscal year 2013, at 3. 8 percent more than $26 billion for 2012.
The tax burden on business by state and local level in the last year increased by 4.3 percent, to $671 billion, compared with 3.9 percent a year earlier, and it was the third consecutive year of growth after reaching each other for years, when accounts diminished, in 2009 and 2010.
Taxes levied by the state, have grown faster, 4. 3 percent, than local taxes, 3. 9 percent, according to the study, which was conducted by the firm of professional services, Ernst & Young and Center on taxation, on tax policy.
More than half of tax revenues in the county, 56 percent, taxes on entrepreneurs, while 36 percent of Maryland tax revenue falls on firms.
Virginia, with 28 percent, brings the lowest amount of tax revenues, proportionately, from entrepreneurs.
To a large extent growth in tax revenues caused by a return to the same level of the value of real estate companies, say researchers, that raised taxes on real estate at 3.7 percent this year after three years in a row, when growth averaged less than 1 percent.
While a large share of these revenues are accounted for in large states such as California, New York and Texas, it seems that the same thing is happening in the Washington area.
Companies in the District, Maryland and Virginia collectively paid $10 billion of taxes on real estate in the state and local level in the last year, at $9.6 billion more than in 2012 - an increase of 4.2 percent, compared with the previous year.
However, the return value of the property does not have a similar effect on the growth of tax revenue for state and local level in Maryland, where taxes on real estate barely exceed one-fifth of companies' tax bills.
Virginia and the District of Columbia will pay about half of the tax bills on state and local level in the form of taxes on real estate.
"What is happening in Maryland is that such a large part of their property, especially the tax base around the District of Columbia, which is owned by either the government or nonprofit organization, which does not pay taxes on real estate," said Douglas Lindkholm, executive director of the Center for state taxation.
Thus, Maryland is forced to rely much more, for example, on income taxes to pay for those same services that exist in other states.
The recent rise in tax revenues from entrepreneurs cannot fully explain the recovery of the real estate market.
The entrepreneurs also seem to go on the amendment, according to these data.
Companies in the region of the corporate income tax at the state level in the amount of $2 billion to $2.1 billion more than in 2012.
Maryland has collected $1 billion of corporate income tax revenues, most in the region.
Although trends are focused in one direction, the tax burden on entrepreneurs at the local level does not increase with the same speed in all three areas.
The level of growth in the District of Columbia was at the same level, and that the average across the country, 4.3 percent, while growth in Maryland was substantially faster, 4. 9 percent.
Only in Virginia, there has been a rise in tax revenues below average, equal to 4.1 percent.
In Virginia was the lowest corporate income tax from three jurisdictions (each of which the same corporate tax rate), equal to 6 percent.
The Maryland corporate rate is 8.25 percent, while it is relatively high - 9 percent.
Similar research by the US Chamber of Commerce earlier this year showed that in Virginia lower taxes for entrepreneurs in the state and at the local level and, in general, a more favorable climate in what concerns the taxes for entrepreneurs, rather than in Maryland.
The district is not evaluated in this study.
Despite its advantage, Virginia faces competitive pressure from its neighbor to the south.
North Carolina recently signed legislation, corporate tax rate this year from 6.9 percent to 6 percent, as well as in Virginia, and the rate will fall to 5 percent in the next year.
If the state will continue to achieve tax revenues in the next year, this law would bring the tax rate for entrepreneurs, even up to 3 percent by 2017.
Meanwhile, small businesses in the Washington area, it seems, feels better and, therefore, pays more taxes on state and local level, according to a recent study.
Taxes for entrepreneurs, paid in the form of individual income tax for small business owners is a transitional structure, on which the majority of small businesses in the District of Columbia, Maryland and Virginia rose 20 percent in the last year to $2 billion, with a much greater rate of growth than taxes for predprinimately in general.
Researchers say that trend and increase revenues from taxes on businesses across the country, is likely to persist in this year, with VAT in state and local level, from 6.2 percent for the first three quarters of 2014, compared with the same period last year.
However, the Washington area may fall behind, as federal spending cuts will affect the labour market in the region.
Bronze Age Russian Judo
World Judo Championships gave Russia two silver and seven bronze medals.
According to this indicator the Russians gave only the main contender in the competition - Team Japan.
The tournament in Chelyabinsk was launched on Monday, and the first day brought the Russian team to a silver medal.
Her owner was Mudranov Beslan, who in the category of up to 60 kilograms.
Meanwhile, in a final struggle with Boldbaatar Ganbat of Mongolia, the outcome of the standoff was only one remark, obtained by the Russians.
But the second day of the tournament became the most successful national team on Tuesday had won just three medals.
In the men's competition in the category up to 66 kilograms of silver was Mikhail Pulyaev, and bronze Kamalu Khan Magomedov.
In the final match in Russia lost to world champion in 2011 and 2013 Japanese Masashi Ebinume.
Khan self-detonation, chetvertfinalnaya stage loser compatriot, walked across the comforting tournament and became the owner of bronze.
In the women's tournament category up to 52 kilograms before the third rung podium got Natalia Kuzyutina.
In the semifinal, she lost the current world champion Maylinde Kelmendi from Kosovo, which at this championship has performed under the banner of the International Judo Federation and successfully defended the title.
The dispute over bronze Kuzyutin won Ma Inan from China, but after the end of the tournament still admitted that third place is not what she expected.
Again, the obstacle on the path to gold was Kelmendi pobezhdavshaya Kuzyutin earlier in the World Championship final.
In the third day of the tournament in Chelyabinsk, bronze in the team of Russia put Musa Mogushkov, fought in the category up to 73 kilograms.
In the quarterfinals of his abuser was a former representative of Moldova, Viktor Skovortsov, now the speaker of the UAE team.
But then the Russian won two match and became the winner of the award.
Mogushkov spoke at a home championship with an injury, which he plans to heal in the near future, and will take a pause in the competition.
As for former moldovanina Skvortsova, he and him at this tournament reached the bronze medal.
Interestingly, and another by his compatriot, who sport UAE citizenship, Ivan Remarenko with bronze completed performance in the category up to 100 kilograms.
The fourth day of World Cup 2014 has also brought the Russians one bronze in the category up to 81 kilograms won by Ivan Nifontov.
In the small final uphill battle at the expense of the opponent he has beaten Frenchman Alain Schmitt.
On Friday, the tournament razygryvalis three awards, but Russians traditionally limited to one bronze in the men's tournament up to 90 kilograms.
Her owner was Cyril, this medal was assured: his rival in the consolation finals was compatriot Cyril Denisov.
But the fight never took place: rival Voprosov was unable to reach the tatami because of injuries.
The male bronze was conquered by the hosts and in the sixth day of the competition in her piggy bank team put Renat Saidov, who in the category of more than 100 kilograms.
In the consolation finals, he won a clear victory over Brazilian David Mouroy.
It was an individual part of the world championship.
On the last day of the tournament in Chelyabinsk on Sunday, razygryvalis ranks of world champions in the team competition.
Both Russian teams - and male and female - were among the main contenders for the award, but, as in individual competitions, sex was unlucky - they have not reached the medal.
But the Russian judoists won team silver.
The decisive showdown in their fight with 2-3 gave way to the top favorites in the competition - a team in Japan.
At the same time, Russia team led 2-0 after moneyline Khan Magomedov and strong-willed president Goryunov stoped (weighing up to 73 kilograms).
But in heavier weight categories with their Japanese rivals failed to cope with Murat Khabachirov (81), Magomed Magomedov (90) and Aslan Kambiev (100).
The same scenario was developed and a bronze match in the women's tournament, where the Russian national team, leading 2-0, lost yaponkam, 2-3.
The team competition in Chelyabinsk was Russian President Vladimir Putin, who after the end of the tournament congratulated the men's team with silver.
"Second place is a very honorable, but I want to say that it was clear that you could become champions," said Putin, quoted as RIA Novosti.
It, Japanese judo - nothing here is not worthy.
But I am sure that you can have them and win.
Russia's national home world championship was much better than a year ago at a similar level of competition, held in Rio de Janeiro.
Then the Russian team had only three medals, one silver and two bronze.
At the same time the current tournament were Olympic champions Bauk Galstyan and Mansur Isaev.
We are all, of course, big Maximalists.
Yes, I want gold medals.
But let's remember that if a person in the Olympic cycle is included in the G8, it is a potential winner of the Olympic Games.
Especially in a sport like judo, summed up the tournament sports minister Vitaly Mutko, who leads the press-service championship.
Japan's national festival has become the best in Chelyabinsk, winning 11 medals, five of which were gold.
The next World Cup will be held in the summer of next year in Astana.
Acquainted with other materials, news and statistics are available on the web page of the sports.
The family of Joan Riverz is hoping for the best
Joan Riverz is unconscious with his arrival at the hospital in New York three days ago, but her daughter expressed hope today that the 81 year-old comedy actress recovers from illness.
"Thank you for your constant love and support," said Melissa Riverz in a statement today.
We hope for the best.
Her mother arrived at the hospital at Mount Sinai on Thursday after an emergency call about the fact that it had witnessed a cardiac arrest in the clinic in the Upper East Side, Yorkville, Manhattan Endoskopi, according to the sources.
Doctors deliberately kept her under anesthesia and under strict surveillance, as long as they will not meet its condition, which remains "severe."
The response was extensive, including numerous support in the Internet such as Donald Trump, Montel Williams and Kelly Ripa.
All kings
The sale of the group's debut album, Royal Blood - a new hope of British rock, vyvedshey rock duos from clubs straight to the stadiums.
The duo Royal Blood just a year on the scene, but already has the nomination for the musical prize at the BBC, the tour warm-up for Arctic Monkeys and a visit to the dressing room at New York's concert from the Jimmy Page's.
Their debut self-titled album for a few months prior to the release received 100,000 pre-orders, but the contract for his release is in the portfolio of major label Warner Music.
Given the current situation on the music market, the situation of the extraordinary, because here we are not talking about a new Lana Del Rey or another a smooth-talking representative of "new R 'n' B," and the duo bykovatye on Brits, playing with the volume and intensity, which the last time was in vogue in a couple of decades ago.
In general, the rates on the first album in connection with all the circumstances were particularly high and quite hollow.
The duo did not knowingly take a name, on which it could prejudice isn't entirely desperate hairy metal, and the blood of kings, as they seem, they have in their veins, too.
The question is, of course, primarily about the heroes of the last level of Led Zeppelin: as well as the great quartet, Royal Blood shake zastoyavshuyusya blood of British rock, put it on to a new height.
To make predictions about the success of this enterprise, perhaps, but something to say soon.
A handful of songs, ulozhivshikhsya in thirty minutes is not so much a demonstration of the phenomenal composer's talent, confident and powerful declaration of intentions.
Some of the merits of individual numbers, of course, deny not: say, a single "Out Of The Black" is that it is remembered not the melodic line, and the party.
The musicians jokingly say that this song nastuchat is generally easier than napet.
It should be noted as a "Little Monster" and "Better Strangers" with Shakespearean quote in the title.
However, the truth is that each of these songs will sound great at a party for lovers of hard rock, but when playing in a row they merge into a more or less homogenous canvas.
This is not necessarily bad, even vice versa.
The strength of the Royal Blood in the fact that they do not claim on the laurels of the new Lennon and McCartney (rather than mark the Motörhead), but had numerous rock duets from ghetto indie clubs.
Their music, despite some diversity, created for stadiums, in the room, built less than a couple of thousand people, it obviously closely.
The secret part of the cunning use of bass guitar in a familiar format, at the beginning of The White Stripes.
However, it's not only the tools, but also in the approach to writing.
Retrorok heroes with great difficulty squirmed beyond the postmodern paradigm, with great reluctance to recognize not just epigones, and independent creative units.
Royal Blood now sound so powerfully and boldly that this successfully drapiruet some vtorichnost and tverdolobost musical material.
Well, in the end, who said that the rock should be clever?
Amazon buys Twitch for $1 billion
AMAZON just confirmed what was reported in the Friday morning: the online shop - and videoprodyuser, and hundreds of other things - buys streaming service videovosproizvedenie Twitch for $1 billion ($US970 million).
This news was a surprise not because no one expected that Twitch will be sold, but because many expected that YouTube will be the buyer.
Three months ago, the sale of Twitch videoservis Google looked completely finished for good, and this combination looked natural.
Twitch, founded just three years ago as Justin tv, set a goal to be streaming service a generic version of YouTube in real time.
Instead, he quickly turned into a platform, where gamers aired their moments; "youtube for games in real time," according to Business Insider.
The Twitch.
"Let's play" videos of the genre, in which vseznayki (mostly old) games processing, as in "the Mystery Theater," already popular on YouTube.
The fact is that YouTube is mentioned often, when they describe Twitch, so the news that YouTube acquires Twitch was met without special interest, a classic example of an entrenched technology company, vykupayushchey potential competitor.
This is a mystery, why deal with YouTube has failed, given that, reportedly, he was ready to pay no less than Amazon.
All that we have at the moment is a statement from executive director Twitch Emmett Shear: "We chose Amazon, because they believe in our community, they share our values and long-term goals, and they want to help us achieve them faster."
Another mystery, frankly, this is an incredible success Twitch.
Snoby like me, who claim that it is better to be sports, than to watch it, it is difficult to understand the attraction to watch the games instead of having to take in the hands of the joystick.
It is one thing to look over his shoulder at 3 in the morning, while creeping through Resident Evil, and quite another to watch, as somehow an outsider gets 20 shots in the head in a row in the Call of Duty.
All the games that you could watch right now.
Another problem is that many of the most popular games today are designed for one person, so to watch their shots, not controlling the angle of view, can be a prescription for a headache, a decent Do It Right.
I agree that the swift passage, in which Rodzhery Bennistery our electronic age the entire games in record time, entertain.
But if it is not about virtuoso game or humor, it is unlikely that his channel Twitch in general will be interesting.
But what they know skeptics like me?
The Twitch 55 million unique visitors per month, and it is the fourth largest source of peak Internet traffic.
Exactly how the Amazon will work on it?
It is hard to imagine that Twitch of the Amazon Instant Video as gracefully as YouTube could simply absorb Twitch.
However, Twitch has that pleasure would have won any company: crowds of young men who dream of advertisers.
As head of the Twitch Xira, Amazon and Twitch," both believe in future games, and this channel is showing no signs of fading, even as a spectator sport.
As a result of the 2004 terrorist attack killed more than 330 people, including 186 children.
More than 800 people were injured.
We spent in Beslan a few days.
Pogovorili with surviving hostages - almost all are now students, with the parents of the dead, with the caretaker of the cemetery - the City of Angels Kaspolatov Ramon, head of the Committee of the Mothers of Beslan, "Susanna Dudiyeva, took part in the operation of an employee," said correspondent department Society Elizabeth Antonova, who worked on the charity.
Already back in Moscow, met with Aslambek Aslakhanov, who 10 years ago was an adviser to the president of the North Caucasus and negotiating with terrorists, as well as an officer in Russia's FSB Vyacheslav Bocharov.
What I am particularly shocked during the work on this topic is that in Beslan as though it was not these ten years.
This topic is extremely painful for everyone who has something to it, people with labor agree to talk about what happened.
Impressions of the trip is very heavy.
But forget Beslan impossible, and I hope, with his task," said Antonova.
Spetsproekt fruther studio infographics holding Rambler & Co., which operates in the spring of this year.
Previous Projects were devoted to the First World War and the 15th anniversary of Vladimir Putin in power.
North Korea launched a short-range missile
North Korea has launched a short-range missile into the Sea of Japan Sea, reported "Renkhap."
The launch took place around 10: 30am local time on the part of the province of Chagang Province, located on the border between North Korea and China.
Presumably, the rocket fell in the Japan Sea, flying about 220 kilometers, said the Joint Chiefs of Staff of South Korea.
The deputies have proposed to accelerate the entry into force of the law on personal data
In the case of the success of the initiative, the Russians will not be stored on servers abroad since January 1, 2015
The bill included a draft law providing for the transfer date of entry into force has already adopted a law on personal data - from 1 September 2016 on January 1, 2015.
The initiative is placed in the framework of the lower chamber.
Its authors were State Duma deputies Vadim Dengin, Yaroslav Nilov (LDPR), Evgeny Fedorov ("United Russia"), Vladimir Parakhin ("Fair Russia") and Alexander Kvasnevsky (KPRF).
Such a change, according to the authors, the initiative will contribute to a more expeditious and effective provision of the rights of citizens of the Russian Federation on the protection of personal data and secrecy of correspondence in the information and telecommunication networks.
The law, the entry into force of which hurry parliamentarians, required to be kept on the territory of the Russian Federation of personal data processed through the Internet.
It also makes mandatory recording, classification, accumulation, storage, refining and retrieving personal data of citizens of the Russian Federation, in databases located on the territory of Russia, as well as identifying information about the location of such databases.
In addition, the law empowers the Roskomnadzor right on the basis of the court's decision to restrict access to information, processed with violation of legislation of the Russian Federation in the field of personal data.
The law also proposes the creation of so-called "blacklists" sites - violators of an automated information system "in the right subjects of personal data."
This law was passed by the State Duma in the summer.
The authors of the bill were Andrei Lugovoy and Vadim Dengin from LDPR and Alexander Kvasnevsky from the Communist Party.
Dengin and Yushchenko also are one of the authors of the current bill to postpone the date of entry into force of the law.
However, datacenters in Russia, there is no need to pay the rent
Commenting on the current Duma bill, the first deputy to the Duma's information policy, Leonid said that he sees no problems for the date of entry into force of the law on the protection of personal data.
According to his words, those companies, which on January 1, 2015, will not have its own storage of personal data by the Russians on the territory of the Russian Federation, will be able to rent them, for example," Rostelecom, which has repeatedly said that they are ready to provide their servers in the lease and already provides its servers, Mail Group, Western companies, which already provide their servers.
"In addition, there are several independent datacenters, ready to cooperate in this area," he added.
"If companies decide to carry out the law and continue to work on the territory of the Russian Federation, do not see the problem - they will receive technological possibilities for accommodation," " concluded Levin.
The controversial bill
Immediately after the publication of the draft law of the Russian Association of Electronic Communications expressed concern that in the case of the adoption of the draft law will no longer be able to use many global Internet services.
In particular, we are talking about services online booking tickets and hotels.
According to the association, "the bill deprives the subjects of personal data - citizens of the Russian Federation rights to dispose of their own data peremptorily determining that their recording, classification, etc., should be provided only in databases located on the territory of the Russian Federation."
In a statement RAEK stressed that a more effective measure would be to create a mechanism to inform the user about where is the record of his personal data.
In this case, he will be able to choose, on which the territory will be specified.
The adoption of similar laws on the "localization" of personal data in other countries has led to the departure of global services and significant economic losses.
A participant test a bucket of ice water vyvikhnula jaw
Izabell Roberts from Britain cried when her head icy water that damaged facial bone structure.
This is the test of a bucket of ice water has gone painfully wrong.
The woman was hospitalized after she screamed during a test of a bucket of ice water that vyvikhnula jaw.
Izabell Roberts so fiercely cried when her head the icy water that damaged the structure of the face.
"The water was so cold that I was screaming, but when I did, my jaw was stuck," she told The Mirror.
The water on the 20-year-old.
Izabell Roberts seconds before the accident.
I tried to close his mouth, but it was closed, he was stuck, and then I came with an understanding that something is wrong.
Then my mother and sister had the same understanding and they started khokhotat, but I had to urgently carry in the emergency department.
A 20-year-old woman from Britain was taken to the hospital to vpravit jaw after taking part in a popular craze on Tuesday.
The video became an Internet sensation and was published thousands of times on Facebook and Twitter.
Militias more than 400 prisoners were handed over to the Ukrainian military
The "army of Novorossiya" argue that the downed Ukrainian Su-27, and accuse the enemy in violation of an agreement on ceasefire
Militias at 10:00 on September 1, was handed over to the Ukrainian side 402 captives, 72 of whom were injured, as well as the bodies of 35 dead servicemen.
Told Interfax representative press-service "Novorossiya Army."
He added that "the air defense forces in the area of settlement Mereshki downed plane Su-27, found violating the agreements of the ceasefire."
According to the agency, the Ukrainian side with artillery goals Vorkapic airport used by international conventions on Cluster Munitions.
The representative of the press service said that the militia overnight managed to damage two Ukrainian Air Force helicopter on one of the airfields, as well as destroying two armored personnel carrier and two warehouses with ammunition.
"The toll in enemy troops - up to 100 people killed and wounded, surrendered in the captivity of 13 people," concluded the representative of the headquarters.
Interfax did not have confirmation of this information from Ukrainian sources.
On Sunday, armed forces "People's Republics" Donbass announced the transfer of the Ukrainian side in the framework of the observance of ceasefire 223. captured soldiers and soldiers of the National Guard of Ukraine.
At the same time, the night the army, according to the "Novorossiya Army," " slapped natsgvardeytsy attempt in violation of earlier agreements to withdraw from the area surrounded by heavy machinery.
The militias were reported on the destruction of the fleeting battle of two tanks and two armored personnel carriers, capturing six tanks and the disarmament of 198 soldiers.
According to the headquarters, the total loss of the enemy in all directions (Donetsk, Luhansk, Mariupol) for the night totaled five tanks, eight armoured fighting vehicles, more than 120 people killed and wounded
At the end of last week, a large group of Ukrainian soldiers was surrounded by militias in the area of Ilovaisk in the Donetsk region.
Russian President Vladimir Putin asked the leadership of the "people's republics" to release Ukrainian troops from the environment.
The leaders agreed to go on this subject of enemy weapons and ammunition.
The first of dozens of soldiers began to leave around the villages Saturday morning.
According to the commander of a Ukrainian territorial defence battalion "Donbass" Semyon Semenchenko, on the night of Sunday from the "cauldron" took another 14 people.
In his FaceBook Semenchenko wrote that Ukrainian soldiers are in captivity at 137 Regiment 32 Division of the Russian Federation and the 9th Armored Brigade of the Russian Federation ," where they are treated well.
Meanwhile, the Foreign Ministry and the Russian Ministry of Defence refuted reports of the Ukrainian military and NATO about the presence of Russian troops in Ukraine.
The Russian Foreign Ministry: Russia would take retaliatory measures in case of new EU sanctions
Russia reserves the right to take retaliatory measures aimed at protecting their legitimate interests in the case of the introduction of new anti-Russian sanctions, according to the Ministry of Foreign Affairs.
In a message to the Russian vneshnediplomaticheskoe agency says that the "conclusion" of the European Council on 30 August, demonstrated the inability of Member States to overcome the inertia of boundless support of the Kiev authorities.
Brussels continues to insist that Russia contributed to the situation in the east of Ukraine, relying on "absolutely assertions about the presence of Russian armed forces on the territory of this country," according to the department's website.
The Russian Foreign Ministry expresses regret that the Council, contrary to the interests of its Member States, defies the influence of countries that are interested in confrontation with Russia.
Members of the Council should call for a peaceful settlement of the conflict in the east of Ukraine, as well as to ensure conditions for a "dialogue between the warring parties," said the agency.
Also on the website of the Office notes that there are no obektivynkh assessments of the humanitarian situation in Donbass, where a full-scale humanitarian disaster, as well as increasing the number of victims among the civilian population.
Recall that within the next semidnevka in the European Union is expected to develop concrete proposals for sanctions against Russia.
Meanwhile, EU officials work closely with American officials.
It is expected that they will correlate with the measures for the period of validity and the degree of rigidity.
The new EU sanctions may affect the energy and financial sector.
Also, the Australian government announced the extension of sanctions against Russia in the field of defense, finance and oil and gas industry.
Khitrye ways to save on university textbooks
The fact that the cost of college textbooks for many students exceeds $1,000 per year, Matt Schroeder, who will soon go on the second course, has figured out a clever way to cut costs.
He developed a system how to borrow books for students, offering them a nominal compensation, so that they have postponed their sale.
"My textbook on mathematical analysis, which usually costs $180, I got a semester for $10 and biscuits." Chick-Fil-A ," says Schroeder, 19 years old, who is studying at Covenant College in Georgia.
The literature on the last semester would have cost 45,773, he said.
He spent $120.
According to the College Board, the average student spends more than $1,200 a year on textbooks and educational supplies, but students have a range of options to reduce these costs.
Students are increasingly choosing Internet-shops and creative ideas, such a system.
Renting books is becoming more popular, allowing students to use the book during the semester, and often cost substantially less than their purchase.
The company "Nibo Inkorporeytid," which owns more than 250 university bookstores, reported that the volume of rental books doubled from 2011.
Industry studies show that about a quarter of books in university bookstores during the last spring semester were taken, said the vice president "Nibo" Trevor Meyer.
Fewer than half of all books sold in university bookstores, according to the professional association of the National Association of Collegiate stores.
This introductory course on the best ways to make a deal.
Buying the Internet-shop
Sometimes, if you get on the Internet, the price of a new book may constitute one-third of what you see in the university bookstore.
Ninth edition of "mathematical analysis" Ron Larson, Bruce Edwards and Robert Khostetler worth about $290 on price, but a new copy can be purchased for $19.99 at Chegg website, which specializes in selling textbooks.
Buying a used
If you are not against someone else's notes or damage, second-hand textbooks is a good option.
"Mathematical analysis" is sold for 49 in poderzhannom Chegg.
Matt Kesedey, 25, a student from the University of Brigem Young, says that it paid on Amazon.com 42 cents for secondhand copies of the textbook "strategic decisions in the media: understanding the business side of the advertising business."
The book was sold for $48.
Teachers, for example, Ingrid Breysi, director of "College without walls" at the University of Massachusetts in Emkherst, offers students refine their professors, do not use previous editions.
Sometimes the updates are insignificant for classes.
In such cases, the old publications often can be found for a very small fraction of the cost of the last edition.
In addition to Chegg sites and Amazon, Half, owned by eBay Inc., is a popular alternative for the purchase of second-hand books.
Rental
To take textbooks, to think, if you treat them fairly well, don't forget to return them and do not want to leave them alone after the end of the course.
You can save more than 80% of the cost of a new book.
For example, one student was able to hire a "mathematical analysis" on a semester for about $20.
Consider the rules of the store, where you take books, including any fines, which you can write notes, underlining and damage.
If you take a book, remember: if you don't book, fines may even exceed the cost of a new copy.
E-Books
E-Books instead of traditional textbooks is another option.
Sometimes such books are actually renting, buying an electronic license for a certain period for retailers, such as Amazon.com, Chegg and Barnes & Noble Inc.
"Mathematical analysis" on the website Chegg for six months would cost about $61.
Breysi says that students who study literature, often can find the most advantageous prices, as many classics now can be downloaded free of charge, while the literature on natural and engineering sciences can be very expensive.
Despite everything, rush-.
Joe Galt, 29, who is going to begin studies in Law School Pepperdin, recommends that you use the ISBN number to find out the price of the book, as it ensures that you are looking for exactly the right text.
Before you make a reservation on the Internet," said Galt, be sure to check whether the book is at the warehouse.
This lesson was given easy.
The book, which he bought, was postponed for four weeks, and, in the end, he paid the full price in the university bookstore.
Putin said about the complete ineffectiveness of fund development in the Far East
Russian President Vladimir Putin zyavil at the meeting on issues of priority investment projects and territories in the Far East, and that the budgetary investment fund for the development of the Far East, created two years ago, inefficient, according to the Interfax news agency.
"15 billion rubles and remained on deposits," said the president.
During the meeting, the head of state has instructed to expedite the approval of a list of areas of development in the Far East.
He recalled that the draft law required for the creation of TOROV should be introduced in parliament this autumn.
The Federal Assembly, said the president, until July 1, and approved a list of areas of development in the Far East, and their criteria.
Vladimir Putin also formulated the main tasks for ensuring the development of the Far East.
Among them, improve transport accessibility in the region, removing infrastructure constraints - both on the domestic market, as well as for the development of exports.
Among other things, sozdatpredposylka need to attract additional investment in the region, as well as to develop the areas of development, which should become competitive in relation to key business centers in the Asia-Pacific region, said the president.
It previously reported that the development of the territory can replace the SEZ.
Why "the Guardians of the Galaxy" have not been able to save grosses
"The Expendables 3" Silvestra Stallone returned less than $30 million from his $90 million budget in the United States, while "Sin City: a woman, for the purpose of which is to kill" returned only $12 million of his $70 million budget.
"Home video" with Cameron Diaz has only $14 million in the first weekend, while children's movies, such as "how to Train Your Dragon 2" also disappointing revenue.
Telegraph film critic Robbie Collin indicates that when it comes to children's movies, perhaps, the poor quality of their films.
Dewhurst called 2014 "the worst year for the whole story in terms of children's films, and called" how to Train Your Dragon 2 "barely" fledged " continuation of fantasy.
However, when it comes to movies, aimed at an audience somewhat older, it seems that the problem is not necessarily lies in the quality of their films.
In July, Entertainment Weekly compared the average rating from CinemaScore and Metacritic each film in a summer rental in the amount of at least 2,000 copies between holiday Memorial Day in May and July 20, 2013, and for this year.
The results, which take into account the opinion as cinemagoers, and Winslet, suggests that the harvest of this year's films are similar in caliber with last year's hits.
Some commentators suggest that the case may be in changing habits and the growing popularity of streaming Internet services, such as Netflix.
The director John formula, which is currently working on will soon be seen in the Disney film "the Jungle Book," said website Hollywood Reporter: "I think the times are changing."
We must recognize this and not try to chase what was before.
Unlike the current drop in grosses in Hollywood, Netflix revenue from streaming service reached $1.2 billion, almost double last year's figure of $837 million.
Last summer the director Steven Spielberg criticized studios for what they too rely on the comic book franchise, and predicted "collapse" of Hollywood.
In the light of the current downturn, some commentators argue that in his gloomy predictions was the truth.
In connection with the fact that in the summer of 2015 is expected to release several potential box-office hits, including "Avengers: age of Ultron," "Minonov" and "Jurassic Park," other members of the movie industry are more optimistic.
The producer of "X-Men" Simon Kienberg recently called the fall grosses simply "cyclical," saying Hollywood Reporter: "The next summer will be the highest-grossing summer in history, and no one will worry about it."
Sanctions are not intimidated by the owners of establishments with Caucasian and Asian food, but for restaurants of European and Russian suppliers of Japanese cuisine is a nightmare.
And in general slipcovers prefers to replace the prohibited imports of products from Russia, and from Latin America, Israel and China.
"It is better to eat malosolnyy cucumber than bad mozzarella," laments chef Italian restaurant Barlotti Mariano Valerio about quality cheeses, which offer him in exchange for Italian suppliers.
Mozarella cheese and burrat ended in a restaurant first, they have a shelf life.
Cheese stocks should suffice for a couple of months.
What to do?
Switch to Russian?
In 2005, I was on the Dorogomilovskiy market.
Mariano Zurlini makes such eyes, that is clear: shocking memories are not released until now.
Meat there lay on carts in all 30 centimeters from the floor.
Also, cats!
Rats!
Then I said that for our restaurant, we are never going to buy on Russian markets.
I don't know, maybe, now it all changed.
But on the days I have taken on a sample of fish from the Far East.
So it was!
I said that I didn't even talk to the man that we brought it.
Zurlini is surprised that many ordinary things for the Russian manufacturer.
A few years ago, I was forced to buy Russian beef.
In Italy hung meat in a cold cell for 10 days at a temperature of 1 to 2 degrees.
It must otvisetsya to become soft, duh.
I have done all this with local beef.
Then I asked: where you took such a gentle meat?
I said: so what is your Russian!
Why do you have so nobody does?
In the five minutes walk from the Barlotti French restaurant "brasserie" the Bridge on the kitchen hangs a stop list, which included missing products: French oysters, sea hedgehogs.
The chef "Brasserie Bridge" and "bar" Ranger's Wargnier Trigel not so pessimistic as Valerio: oysters from France has already replaced feeding on Oysters from Tunisia, and instead of French cheese restaurant will buy Swiss.
However, Wargnier becomes more emotional when it comes to Russian suppliers: "Cauliflower is 200 rubles!
I ask: "Why, on what basis it is?"
I say, "well, we also need to earn."
But this cabbage should not cost more than 80 rubles!
Far Eastern oysters we buy by weight, but they live 15 to 20 years, imagine how much it weighs their shell?
The price is that it is superdelikates.
It seems that Russian suppliers is one of the main sources of boogyman for foreign chefs.
The standard story: "The first three months everything was good, then the quality has plummeted.
The main claims: Russian suppliers cannot withstand stable caliber and quality.
Many European restaurants do not know that they will, when stocks of cheese
Photo: Alexander Miridonov, Kommersant
Sanktsionnoe menu
On August 6, President Vladimir Putin signed a decree on the application of certain economic measures to ensure the safety of Russia, which is known mainly for food sanctions.
The country is forbidden to import beef, pork, poultry and offal from poultry, meat, fish, shellfish, milk, yogurt, cheese, cheese, vegetables, fruits, nuts, sausages and sugar syrup.
The restaurants began jockeying with suppliers: commodity prices have risen, urgently need to look for their counterparts from other countries.
Most egregiously, it would affect restaurants with monokukhnya France, Italy, Spain, in which products supplied directly from the "parent" countries.
Obshchepit had to reorganize earlier.
For example, when at the beginning of 2014, the Rosselkhoznadzor has banned imports of Australian beef, and a year earlier, American and Canadian beef.
In return for shipments of beef from Argentina, Uruguay and New Zealand.
But the sanctions in the summer of 2014 were far more serious.
However, on August 20, Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev approved amendments to the presidential decree, which moved out from under the ban fry Atlantic salmon and trout, lactose milk, seed potatoes, sugar, corn, peas and onions for replanting.
The Italian Zurlini hopes that sanctions may yet soften.
In the meantime, some restaurants exist in conditions of uncertainty.
According to the company "east-west," one of the largest suppliers of HoReCa, the proportion of imported products in the premium segment amounted to 70%.
"Dear restaurants will have to change the menu that produce local farmers and other countries," said Sergei Mironov, a restaurateur, owner of the agency "Restkonsalt."
If a chef is strong, it is not going to be a problem.
But we have very few such chefs, and the development of a new menu may take two to three months.
Trigel from "Brasserie Bridge" is ready to give up to 10 - 15 dishes, even half of the menu - recycle.
The restaurants with mixed dishes are already beginning to replace dishes such as steak from the marbled beef Beef Stroganoff, says Sergei Mironov.
"Cheeses from Europe can be replaced with Russian, Belarussian cheeses, cheese from Serbia, Argentina, Tunisia, Chile, the distributor of" east-west " Oksana's Glibchuk.
Sweet and dairy products from Europe have their counterparts in Russia and Belarus.
Chicken from the United States may be replaced by chicken from Russia and Belarus, salmon and salmon from Norway - salmon, salmon, trout from Belarus and Chile.
The lack of vegetables and fruits of European production may be offset by the expense of domestic producers, proposals from Serbia, Moldova and China.
According to Mironov, budgetary network restaurants will be easier than decaliters: hardly went there gourmands, able to distinguish the Italian mozzarella from the Russian.
Although it is difficult to Ginza Project, he said.
The Ginza Project several dozen restaurants under different brands and with their menus.
The replacement will take a lot of time," said Mironov.
The Ginza comments refused, citing the absence of owners in the country.
The owners of the cafes of Caucasian and Asian cuisine emphasize that products from former Soviet republics magnificient European
But many restaurants, which sanctions are almost never expected.
These include establishments with the cuisine of the CIS countries: Georgian, Uzbek, Armenian and Azerbaijani.
"The Georgian cuisine is not expensive products," said Khatuna Kolbaya, owner of the Georgian Saperavi restaurant and cafe "Vai me!."
All we are doing in Russia, on the basis of many dishes - chicken fillet, exotic greens, we do not use ."
The Kolbai has not yet removed from the menu or one dish.
Timur Laon, the owner of the restaurants "Chaykhon N1" with Uzbek cuisine, sanctions also do not confuse unexperienced: it will only change on New Zealand lamb.
If Russia imports from Uzbekistan, Azerbaijan and Kazakhstan, we even win in price, for us it will be cheaper than imports from Europe," he said.
It can be cheaper to get steak, lamb, tomatoes, cucumbers, fruit.
At the same time that brought from Central Asia, much better than "libero" from Italy, Spain and Turkey.
About $945,000 tomatoes all know that they are delicious, sweet.
No one speaks Spanish.
After the imposition of sanctions, the representative of Uzbekistan Olimboy Artykov said that plans to increase export plodovoovoshchnaya products in Russia twice by 2016.
About its intention to replace European imports in Russia almost immediately after the imposition of sanctions said Belarus and Kazakhstan.
Fast-food restaurants, which responded to the request "money," quite calmly respond to sanctions.
Press-service of McDonald's said that more than 85% of the network and works with 160 Russian suppliers.
According to Tatyana Bogdanova, head of the department of work with suppliers to Subway, about 80% food chain buys in Russia, although there may be temporary difficulties with the supply of vegetables and rising prices for meat products, which are made from imported raw materials.
In "Teremke" sanctions products " were no more than 4%.
It was not touched on the sanctions and lapshichnaya "Vokker."
KFC, Burger King and "Baby" as they come at the request of "money" did not respond, but other market participants argue that the degree of localization of Burger King is substantially less than McDonald's.
In the absence of fish the restaurateurs are ready to buy rather than the Russian far-eastern
At its salmon
In the meantime, the restaurateurs complain that because of the increase in demand, prices are rising even on local products.
"The products for" Rake "prices have risen at an average rate of 10 - 15%, for an Italian restaurant" Cherry Myo "- in two times," says Roman restaurateur Rozhnikovskiy.
Even in Georgian restaurants cost will grow at 5 - 10%," admits Kolbaya.
"East-west" it does not deny: "For example, dairy products since the beginning of August prices at 10 - 15%.
"Brazilian suppliers have raised the price of pork almost twice," complained Sergei Raka, Deputy General Director of "Stardogs."
Okorochka chicken prices increased by 35.
We are waiting for prices from China, maybe, they ostudyat hot Brazilian heads.
In the near future "Stardogs" will be a planned increase in the price of 8%.
It is now very undesirable to raise prices," said Raka.
According to statistics, revenue growth slipcovers for the second quarter of 2014 - 1, 8%.
This is the smallest figure since 2010.
Retail prices will rise further, he admits, but it is unclear how quickly: as long as the majority of restaurateurs zapaslos products over the next two months in the hope of finding out changes in prices.
But that will be within two months, no one knows.
The square in front of Moscow's City Hall is a dozen tents, decorated with greens and wood.
At the center stage, the musicians play school-ball.
This is the festival of regional products with a funny name "there is time to eat."
"We have long wanted to do a celebration of local food, and just sanction, we hastened, organized the festival," said one of the organizers.
Behind the scenes with the musicians chef - Greek Anastas prepares salad, pasta and homemade chocolates, on the day was a master class on cooking soup with karamelizirovannye apples.
All of the Russian products, assure the organizers.
The exhibition of the achievements of the Russian economy.
Honey from Bashkiria, venison from Salekhard, vegetables from "Sovkhoz-2nd Lenin," cheeses from obrusevshego Italian Jay Close.
"Salmon for restaurants you can safely replace another salmon from the Far East," says the owner of a fish shop insiders Philip Galkin.
We are catching sockeye, chum, pink, chavycha, kizhucha "royal" salmon.
Yes, they are not as fatty as Norwegian salmon, because it is a wild fish.
Norwegian salmon is also aquaculture.
He is in the hands of the take - he is not even moving.
And our far-eastern salmon in your hands do not retain.
Only establishments without special claims agree to replace Italian mozzarella
In the window of his tent behind the shrimp with the tag " Magadan, cod, fish, muksun, mussels, scallops from the Far East.
Galkin is confident that it is high time to move on fish from the Far East.
According to statistics, catch fish in Russia in 2013 - more than 4 million tons, a significant portion of the fish is consumed in Japan, Korea and even in the United States.
Fish imports in 2013 - about 800 thousand tons.
Ye Olde insiders works with 2012, sells fish through an online store, before sanctions served a half dozen restaurants, such as "simple things."
Now the Galkin received applications from more than 15 restaurants.
The same sushi can be done from our fish," he goryachitsya.
We zamorochilis, tasted different recipes.
Now the sushi sells through the Internet shop on million rubles per month.
Our fish are cheaper in a few times, but the delivery is a maximum of 15 rubles per kilogram.
The confirmation in the tent, I cook a portion of "Philadelphia" with salmon.
Unlike the roll with these salmon have longer chew, but conscious that this fish, domestic energy.
The site shop insiders have even rolls of halibut and sea bass.
The sushi bars, however, replace the Norwegian salmon prefer Chilean.
Galkin explains that cooks laziness to invent new recipes with far-eastern fish.
"The Russian fish suppliers have not yet offered his explanation for the owner of Killfish Bar Dmitri Evseev.
About the same situation with other products: Russian manufacturers could take one niche, but it is not happening.
According to the founder and co-owner of LavkaLavka project Boris Akimova, now we can talk more about the substitution of imports from Europe and America imports from China, Israel and Latin America.
There are large multinational corporations, which have powerful logistics and large volumes.
They can quickly replace the prohibited imports in contrast to our farmers.
In other words, the first large manufacturers will benefit from a ban on other countries," says Akimov.
However, in the last month, the restaurant industry was more alarming than food sanctions.
According to the results of mass unscheduled inspections of Rospotrebnadzor was temporarily suspended the activities of the three companies McDonald's in Moscow and two regional enterprises in Stavropol and Yekaterinburg.
"We are studying the essence of the claims for defining the actions required for the rapid opening of restaurants for visitors," said " Dengi press-service McDonald's.
In fact, no one understands what will happen next.
If all the food sanctions, this is one option, which can survive," he said on condition of anonymity, an employee of the company, a restaurant consulting.
If we begin to close the McDonald's across the country, the scenario will be quite different.
"Evroprotokol" instead of Help
Payouts will receive no help - so the central bank intends to stimulate implementation in Russia "evroprotokola."
The Bank of Russia has developed draft guidelines, according to which from 1 September this year for receiving payments for insured motorists will be able to do without help.
This, though, is only about those cases, when the accident was framed by "evroprotokol" without traffic police.
In other words, if the accident involved only two cars, is not physically affected persons, the damage does not exceed the prescribed limit and both drivers have reached the agreement in question, who is the culprit of the accident.
Since August 2 limit payouts " evroprotokol is 50 thousand rubles, and from October 1 in Moscow, St. Petersburg, as well as in Moscow and Leningrad regions will be increased to 400 thousand rubles.
The bottom line is that even with minor damage, in a situation where accidents can be via " evroprotokol, drivers caught in the accident, causing Smith.
Indeed, in the case of a policy to get reimbursement without help was impossible.
The options in the draft directive, and are designed to eliminate this obstacle on the path of "evroprotokola" in Russia.
According to them, the maximum payout in connection with the accident, without the police, should not be lower than the limit on "evroprotokol."
But at the same time, it may not be above the limit, as defined in the contract.
The idea is, of course, useful and theoretically able to unload as DPS officers, as well as the road.
But, most likely, it will probably be neither motorists nor insurers.
The latter is already talking about a serious threat to growth and fraud, which could lead to the introduction of new rules.
As for drivers, it is difficult to see how much work will be done to overcome Russian conservatism.
The driver in most cases will be hours waiting for the inspector to make a minor accident, because so much more reliable.
And it is still unknown, it will be easier to defeat fraudsters or convince drivers in reliability "evroprotokola."
The Savings Certificate will make a personal and irrevocable
The Finance Ministry wants to ban savings certificates on the bearer, but would allow banks to do their equivalent of an irrevocable contribution.
The Finance Ministry is preparing a bill that would prohibit savings certificates on the bearer.
Lately, this tool is gaining popularity, as the rate here is higher than on bank deposits.
The fact is that savings certificates on the bearer does not fall into the system of deposit insurance, and they are cheaper because they do not need to make contributions to the Fund for Deposit Insurance Agency of Russia (DIA).
A certain piquancy was the situation that this step will be taken because of the small and medium-sized banks, distributing such certificates, and suffer from Sberbank and the Bank of Moscow, which, according to DIA, control about 98 percent of the market.
Moreover, the share of the Bank of Moscow, according to the agency, which is about 3%.
The problem, explain the DIA, lies in the fact that a small bank customers who bought such a certificate, in the case of the revocation of his license are trying to get money into DIA.
Some depositors, not having sufficient financial literacy and buying savings certificates bearer, may assume that their investments are insured.
Sound lack of insurance payments on these certificates in the case of the revocation of the license from the bank can lead to misunderstandings and social tensions.
In practice, the agency were cases, when holders predyavitelskie certificates were trying to seek indemnity through court ," said the DIA.
The problem, of course, is far-fetched.
After all, pay buyers still no one will, because they have the law do not have the right to compensation from the state.
If the case was that the instrument is not insured in the DIA, together with him would be banned and metal accounts, which means citizens are taken into account in one of the four metals - gold, silver, platinum and palladium.
Because these accounts are also not in the system of deposit insurance, but their existence as long as no one takes.
The thing is, most likely, that the certificates on the bearer are very valuable paper, which can actually play the role of kvazideneg.
In this case, their movement is virtually impossible to control: any client of the bank can buy a certificate to any citizen, and before cashing such a certificate may change a lot of owners.
It's no coincidence that the bill implies that the savings certificate must be necessarily personal security, which must be stored in depositories.
And to sugar-coat the pill banks, such certificates are allowed to produce without the right of early repayment.
In other words, is the equivalent of the irrevocable contribution, which has long been dreaming of bankers.
NATO Summit: the first protests in Nyuport and Cardiff.
At the weekend were protests of those who opposed the NATO summit in Newport.
On Saturday, hundreds gathered in the centre of Newport on the march against NATO.
On Sunday in Cardiff about 150 people gathered at Cardiff City Hall for what was described as antisammit.
Stephen Feyrklau watched for us over the course of events during the weekend and talked to the protesters, who came from everywhere: from Bridgend to Belgium.
Germany will send Iraq 30 anti-tank missiles
Germany will supply weapons in Iraq to prevent militants from the terrorist group "Islamic State," according to August 31, ITAR-TASS referring to the decision on the results of the meeting of representatives of the German government headed by Chancellor Angela Merkel.
Reportedly, Germany will send Iraq 30 shoulder-fired anti-tank missiles Milan and 500 weapons to them, as well as 8,000 G3s and G36 assault rifles.
Deliveries will be implemented before the end of September.
In addition, the decision to give Iraq another 50 million euros in humanitarian aid.
On 1 September Ms. Merkel will be in the Bundestag with a government statement on this topic.
So far, Germany has not supplied its weapons in "hot spots."
Opinions of the residents of Germany about sending Iraqi weapons are divided.
Some believe that the only way to stop fighters from "Islamic State," while others fear that these weapons could eventually fall into the hands of terrorists.
Militias hit Ukrainian patrol boat in the Sea of Azov
Donetsk militia hit a Ukrainian patrol boat in the Sea of Azov, reported on August 31, ITAR-TASS.
According to available data, it happened in Taganrog Bay near the villages of Shirokino and Bezymennoe (10 - 20 kilometers east of Mariupol).
Some Ukrainian media reported about Vorkapic two Coast Guard boats.
Of that incident occurred today around 16:20.
Teenagers were taken by helicopter from the Blue Mountains
TWO Bangu - bushuoker were delivered by helicopter in a safe place after having spent the night, trapping in the Blue Mountains of New South Wales.
A 16-year-old girl and an 18-year-old young man went to hike shortly after noon on Sunday in Govetts Lip Blekkhit.
Concerned relatives phoned the police about 8pm, when they returned home.
She was sent to the search group, which included the local police and rescue squad, and the couple found about 11pm near the waterfall Braydal Weil.
The girl damaged his knee, and a young man fell and hurt his head.
The officers stayed with the couple on the night, and they picked up on the winch on Monday morning.
They were taken to an ambulance in a stable condition in hospital Blue Mauntinzy.
We met two union
The talks at the highest level in Minsk do not have problems, for which they were called back, but created a new format: the first officials of the European Union met with top officials of the future
Let and worrying about the situation around Ukraine does not tolerate), the leaders of the EU and the Customs Union for the first time discussed a number of "hot issues."
Whether such a structure to work effectively, it is not clear; but it is clear who withdrew from this summit.
Questions on this account the evening on August 26, when the Belarusians, and behind them and other Eurasian Europeans saw the willingness of the new president Alexander Lukashenko.
The Belarussian leader showed an example of polished courtesy, it was the behavior of a man who has just picked the jackpot - and plans to make a decent life in high society.
As maidan Lukashenko helped
Arrival in Minsk just three major European commissioners (EU ministers), who met with Lukashenko and allowed him to speak at the final briefing from their name - not just the president with a 20-year experience.
This is an application for the recognition of a full subject of European policy and the main mediator in the Ukrainian crisis.
The senior analyst of the Belarussian Institute for Strategic Studies, Denis Melyantsov sure: now Brussels will not be able to speak with the same tone as before.
"The fact that Ashton met a tete-a-tete with Lukashenko, gives reason to believe that relations with the EU will be razmorazhivatsya and further," he said.
This iceberg is hidden: part of the preparations for the breakthrough of the Belarussian authorities began long before November's Maidan in Kiev in the summer of 2013.
"There were results and with the EU is the successful negotiations on visa facilitation and readmission, dialogues about modernization," lists the interviewee "Ogoniok" - and with the United States were held talks on international security.
The United States even removed some of the sanctions.
With regard to Ukrainian events, they themselves and the response of the Belarussian leadership only invoked another influx this process.
Minsk, on the one hand, managed to keep relations with Ukraine is quite warm, lest they lose heavily in mutual trade, and President Poroshenko could arrive in Belarus on the talks.
On the other hand, the Belarussian leader, which de jure does not recognize the annexation of Crimea to Russia and called for punishing pro-Russian militias in the Donbass with all rigor, not quarreled with Moscow.
Neither came out of the Customs Union, nor of the CSTO, and in Baranovichi is a Russian airbase.
Brussels and Washington have noticed a balanced stance on the Ukrainian issue and appreciated it, certain Belarussian experts.
How successful is the movement towards political diversification, will be seen as often in the near future to take meetings in ES+TS format.
The press-service of the EU High Representative on foreign policy and diplomacy Catherine Ashton failed to answer questions about what to expect from the relationship in the new format.
A spokesman for Ashton Maya Kosyanchich only said "Ogoniok" that against the backdrop of the issues of war and peace on this topic is not a priority.
At the same time, there were reports that the next meeting on the Ukrainian issue with the participation of top officials in the new format may be and Kazakhstan.
Drop tar for Minsk was a statement by President Nursultan Nazarbayev, in which he admitted that he personally asked the representatives of the European Union.
Nevertheless, the final briefing Alexander Lukashenko made it clear: all parties are not opposed to Minsk has remained a central platform for meetings in the format of Russia - the OSCE - Ukraine, as well as on the level of Heads of State and high representatives of the European Commission.
This means that the "last dictator in Europe" becomes quite rukopozhatnyy European leader, which helps to solve a global problem.
The best friend of European farmer
It is already part of the EU delegation, which included commissars on trade and energy, was concluded: the main implications of the summit is not a tragic situation in the Donbass region, and the economy.
Indeed, sverstannoe meeting schedule for future negotiations on gas supplies and to overcome fears of an association agreement with the EU looks to achieve more ambitious than peaceful declarations without specific dates and figures.
The Commissioner for Trade Carl De Gyukht, nevertheless, the EU representatives arrived in Minsk to seek a solution to the political crisis, which has economic consequences, rather than vice versa ."
It seems, however, that the economic crisis in Ukraine "works" in Belarus.
Its consequences - and in particular the mutual sanctions of the West and Russia - give Minsk, who himself faces sanktsionnoe pressure, the long-awaited field for maneuver.
According to the head of the Research Center of Mises, a former presidential candidate in Belarus Yaraslau Ramanchuk, European investors interested in opportunities for the supply of agricultural products in the Russian Federation to circumvent sanctions.
At the same time supply schemes, for which President Vladimir Putin at the summit the benign in Minsk.
"The initiators of these schemes," said Ramanchuk "Ogoniok" - are not Belarussian businessmen, and Russian companies.
They have long practised schemes for supplies of goods, including those from Poland, Germany, Lithuania, and today these schemes were destroyed.
The Russian business badly needs in order to somehow restore them, even through Belarussian structures.
The second story, "continues," is associated with the fact that many Ukrainian companies are not averse to establish production in Belarus from Ukraine of raw materials with a focus on the Russian market.
The Ukrainian producers about 4 billion dollars of exports in Russia, and Belarussian industrial and trading schemes now may prove to be highly sought-after ."
According to Romanchuk, the role of the host venue for negotiations between the EU and CU is ideal for Lukashenko and from the point of view of the development of economic ties with Europe.
He recalls that losses in the agricultural sector of the EU sanctions against Moscow are estimated at 5 to 10 billion euros, while the European Commission currently offered farmers only 125 million euros in compensation.
The Belarussian president may propose to Brussels to work together to minimize the consequences for evrofermery.
This may raise the credibility of Lukashenko in the EU at unprecedented height.
Hospitality without initiative
Ashton thanked the Belarussian authorities for the initiative to hold a summit.
But the paradox is that the official Minsk from its active role in the birth of TS+ES otkreshchivaetsya, and the Belarussian leader at a meeting with Ukrainian counterpart stressed that the new format, and it was Kiev.
"It was an offer to meet, without any debate, not with the kind of play to make a decision, after the signing of the agreement on association with the EU, to understand the situation, which at the time was in Ukraine," - he turned in front of the cameras to Petro Poroshenko.
However, observers interpreted it as an attempt to placate Moscow, it is rumored, was initially against mediation in Minsk, which greatly increases its political weight.
The Belarussian diplomatic agency carefully stress that Belarus under the organization of interaction between the EU and partied on their land is not for selfish purposes, but the ultimate goal of this format is to create in the future of a single economic space from Lisbon to Vladivostok.
"It is absolutely in the spirit of those concepts, which in other areas, in particular in the sphere of security, and promotes the leadership of our strategic ally, the Russian Federation," said " the Foreign Ministry of Belarus, the State Department, where in recent years.
In Moscow, there could be areas with entrance
The Russian government is considering the option of introducing zones with entrance as a method of dealing with clutter central roads by analogy with other major cities in the world, transmits M24 with reference to zammera Moscow on issues of transport in the Asia-Pacific.
One of the options, which successfully proved, is the entrance.
This expert opinion, we must examine, take a look at all the cons and pros.
To say that on this occasion taken any decision yet," he told the Asia-Pacific.
Zammera stressed that the authorities in the capital is a very important experience in Asian cities, where the structure and workload are similar to Moscow.
One of the decisions taken from these countries is already by the construction of the beltway, added the Asia-Pacific.
Recently the construction of the beltway is an example that not necessarily all traffic pass through Moscow.
"If there was sufficient infrastructure detours, it didn't need to have transit traffic in Moscow," said Amenities, has.
Also, the Asia-Pacific Maximus said that the introduction of paid parking significantly revived the capital's streets.
And, in his words, metropolitan authorities do not plan to stop here.
Today, August 26, the mayor of Moscow Sergei Sobyanin participated in a ground-breaking ceremony for the construction of the first complex of the Moscow Central Ring Road (week).
BOREDOM
The film by Frank Miller and Robert Rodriguez, "Sin City 2: the woman, who for the sake of killing" was not the revolution, which it could be expected.
The first "Sin City" (2005), filmed at a minimum, but symbolic, Quentin Tarantino, has made a revolution in the relationship between movies, comic books and literary noir.
The sequel also is its class: in the sense that it is fundamental to modern thinking chain "thesis - antithesis - synthesis" (if you understand the thesis noir universe, and the antithesis of space comics).
Now it should read: "Thesis - antithesis - chaos."
"Sin City 2" chaotic and at best productions, and on the philosophical level: both times he was chaotic in a bad sense of the word.
Yes, the characters are familiar at first "city," though, here's Nordsee Marv (Mickey Rourke), remember, life on the electric chair, but here, nothing, and only able to deeply satisfying - in the role of a popular druzhinnik - from air knives and other axes with udavki.
But old people literally rastalkivayut cubits newcomers, like vlomivshiesya in town from some other movie, about the meaning of the story and the spectators are asked not to worry.
Thus, its history, shamelessly oborvannaya authors on the most interesting place, superudachlivyy player Johnny (Joseph Gordon Levitt).
His frigidnaya Eve Lord (Eva Green) and something avenging her Dwight (Josh Brolin).
But this confusion, in which Dwight, say, in the face does not distinguish from Johnny - the more that person, as well as other parts of the body, characters demolished with relentless regularity, which is not a problem, and even not only.
This is not a people, we understand that this noir archetypes: a bitch, too confident player, ugodivshiy in a "honey trap" sex detective, corrupt Nimble senator.
Oh, and when an archetype valsiruet with archetype and archetype pogonyaet, it is no longer a movie, and read that an abstract painting.
But ask abstract painting questions about the logic of the story is simply ridiculous.
Moreover, even in a helter-skelter world there is something permanent.
Martial slut from the first "City" still hold a 360-degree defense from osazhdayushchikh their native slums of the forces of darkness.
Yes, and the specter of a detective Khartigan - no, yes, and the flame, but Bruce Willis is always pleasant to watch.
The main problem is the "list of sins" in another.
Frank Miller was good that both comic and noir, but as a director - has upended an idea of how to endure comics on the screen.
Comics and noir - two aggressively opposing "reality."
The phenomenon of the modern comic form was born in the late 1920s, at the same time, when novels Hammett Hammett "High Tension" (1929), "the Maltese Falcon" (1930) and "the Glass Key" (1931) created a noir canon, imenovavshegosya hard boiled school - "cool school."
Well, or pulp fiction.
Comics have given many dozens of Hollywood heroes: from moryachok Popeye guzzler spinach, giving him: "Strength, Superman, Batman and syskar Dick Tracy to Hulk, Thor, Spider-Man and other" Avengers ."
But in any film an adaptation of the comic book was something salvation.92: painted characters stubbornly unwilling to screen flesh, remained pritvoryashki in their surrounding, willy-nilly, "real" world.
In short, they were denied "the existence."
NOIR, on the contrary, the most existential genre of world literature.
After the world wars, the traditional novel experiences, characters, family scandals and historical background - has lost any credibility.
What Forsayty, Thibaud and Rougon Rougon-Macquart, even Bolkonski and Rostovs generally entertaining after Verdun, Auschwitz and Hiroshima?
This novel mutiroval peacefully in the format of a soap opera, and criminal - that is, by definition, a marginal novel rose to the level of philosophical prose.
Hammett on his skin learned that a medic on the front.
He was a communist.
How, incidentally, were, at least, close to the Communist Party and such pillars of the genre, as writers Horace McCoy and Jim Thompson, filmmaker Jules Dassin, Joseph Louzi, Edward Dmitrik.
Therefore, the noir archetype that they asked, firstly, rude and cynical, and secondly is purely social.
This is almost no American variant social-realism.
The first "Sin City" was remarkable precisely that unnatural, but organically connected comic noir.
For the first time on screen comics, not alluding to their graphic nature, rather than pretending the "real" movie.
Ascension corrupt world, where Cardinal ordered the killings, and the senator monstrous son sadist, is worthy of the pen Hammett.
But picturesque details like cut heads, which sadist dekoriroval its cocoon, the pen, the brilliant James Ellroy, author of "Black Dahlia" and better - i.e. declaratively sick-making neonuar representative.
"Sin City 2" is not even a retreat, and surrender the radical style of Miller - Rodriguez before the comic tradition.
Perhaps, in many respects, it happened because of the technology.
When the second "Sin City," you feel a prisoner in a glass ball, inside which snow falls asleep toy kloaka.
However, most often it is not snow, and bloody, but fundamentally what difference?
Well, about sociality and say nothing.
It is possible only when somewhere, somewhere we have time, albeit on the fringe dirty swamp, but there is a normal world, where you can return the poshedshuyu curve of a girl or, say, say disconsolate parents that her punished.
When the city of sin is no place, except sin, and sin is no longer a sin, but the norm.
Boring, like any norm.
KAOS Cities sins - 2 " is just dull.
In fairness this waffle is a sin, but perchinka.
Titles warn: the film contains harmful smoking scenes.
In relation to the spectacle, in the veggie episode where a man break his fingers, it reeks of hell-fire humor.
Hammett would have liked.
France's Socialists should "shut up and put France in order," says a key ally of Hollande's Frasua
Mr. Vall urged leftist force "to demonstrate the warm attitude" toward podvergayushchemusya bashing the president - a socialist, whose reshuffle does not have the approval of the vast majority of French people.
The president deserves every respect, he deserves our loyalty, he deserves our support.
"This is our duty to stay beside him," he said, prompting applause.
As a gesture of reconciliation, the Prime Minister insisted that his government will not be questioning the controversial 35-hour week in France, despite messages offering conflict, it should weaken the rules made by Emmanuel Macron, the new minister of economy, earlier this week.
On Saturday, Mr. Hollande implored his fellow Socialist Party to remain "united" with the government.
However, Christian Tobira, Minister yusittsiya, put a stick in the wheel, came at a meeting of members of parliament from the Socialist Party and criticized the Socialist Party for what it has allowed the French to "lose faith in the future."
Marina, the leader of the far-right National Front, expressed contempt for persistent internal conflicts among Socialists, saying that it is not that the new government Vallya lasts longer than a few months.
Francois Hollande is a naked king, but naked prince and Manuel Vall, forced to assemble a new government, while still not ProCredit and summer.
"It is not a new autumn or winter," told reporters Mrs Juan-les-Pins.
She reiterated the call for his party to dissolve the parliament, saying that she is confident that the party could easily win the election and is ready to govern.
France's ruling party suffered a defeat in the March municipal elections, and the far-right National Front came in first in the EU elections in May.
The poll Sunday Journal du asso-ciate found that 76 percent of French people believe that the Socialist Party is in danger of unravelling on several factions until the end of his presidency, Mr. Hollande in 2017.
Pascal Perrineau, a political scientist from the University of Syans, warned that the French quickly lose patience if the new socialist government cannot improve the economy and record unemployment.
"He has little time, but public opinion must quickly feel that something is changing," he warned.
Otherwise, the situation could become even worse.
"The City Without Drugs" was left without a lawsuit
Sverdlovsky Arbitration Court upheld a complaint by examining function-that Regional Directorate of the Ministry of State Property Management to fund "the City Without Drugs."
The Ministry intended to pay more than 7 million rubles in exchange for the lease of the building in the centre of Yekaterinburg.
However, the plaintiff has not appeared in court.
Today, the Sverdlovsk region arbitration court upheld a complaint by examining the executive directorate of the ministry on the management of state property in the region (MUGISO) to fund "the City Without Drugs" (one of the founders of the Mayor of Yekaterinburg).
Representatives of the regional authorities intend to charge the organization 7.3 million rubles in exchange for the lease of the building.
Today, it became known that the plaintiff has not appeared in court, because the decision was made about the denial of review.
The reason for the absence of representatives in the management of the MUGISO clarification failed, legal department chief Maxim Titov did not respond to phone calls.
The representatives of the fund also failed to communicate.
Remember, we are talking about the mansion, which has held the fund in the centre of the city on the street, Belinsky 19 on a gratuitous basis since 2011.
Such a decision was taken by former Governor Alexander Misharin.
In November 2012, function-that directorate of the Ministry of Property Management and Sverdlovsk filed a lawsuit in the Sverdlovsk Region Arbitration Court about the eviction of the fund from the building.
According to the lawsuit, the agency required the court to accept gratis not made the treaty room mansion - the monument.
According to MUGISO Directorate, the agreement has not been recorded significant conditions for renting a cultural heritage site.
Sverdlovsky Arbitration Court lawsuit dismissed, then filed an appeal with the 17th Arbitration Court in Perm, which was granted.
Then in the same court fund filed an appeal on this decision, which was left without satisfaction, after that decision was appealed to the Fund in the Supreme Arbitration Court, but the court accepted the directorate.
In 2013, was awarded a new lease agreement, under which the Fund began to pay the rent, told the head of the city.
Lease price was 300,000 rubles per month.
The previous administration gave us this building in gratis, recognizing our achievements in the fight against drugs, in a sign of respect for the fund.
The current administration decided differently," he said.
Tetiana Drogaeva, Yekaterinburg
Why is the mayor of Yekaterinburg was asked to leave voluntarily
On July 24, a member of United Russia ' Alexander Kosintsev suggested the mayor of the city - the city legislature speaker resign.
The occasion was the criminal case against arrested on suspicion of killing retiree city legislature deputy Oleg Kinev, considered a companion of the mayor.
As Eugene found criminal case
On July 1 became known about a criminal case on the fact that "defamation" (Article 128 (1) Criminal Code) in the blog of the Mayor of Yekaterinburg.
It was reported by the Interior Ministry in the Sverdlovsk region, where with the appropriate application of the legal center "protection" Anna Filatova.
According to her words, she accused their entries in the blog that she was complicit in the crimes allegedly committed by her former husband.
The mayor of Yekaterinburg is convinced that "this is another attempt to avenge the truth."
The iPhone will transform the purse
In the runup to September 9, when Apple must submit their new developments, the press releases are all new leaks about what can be expected from the presentation.
With reference to the American media sources said that the sixth generation of the iPhone will be equipped with a mobile wallet function as a result of a joint project with Apple and Visa, MasterCard and American Express payment systems.
According to Bloomberg and a specialized Internet resource Re/code, the presentation of new products on September 9, Apple also may announce a joint project with Visa, MasterCard and American Express, which resulted in a new iPhone 6, will feature a mobile wallet.
The companies refuse to comment on the matter.
This feature allows you to make payment on the ticket shop with the help of a smartphone.
Identification of payment will be carried out by the user on his finger by using Touch ID.
It is reported that the iPhone will be included for the first time the technology NFC (near field), which allows to make contactless payment with the help of a smartphone and a corresponding schityvayushchego device at the box office.
The NFC technology will be available through a special microprocessor from Dutch high-tech company NXP (former Philips Semiconductors).
For the first time the NFC feature was introduced in 2004 in the framework of cooperation between companies Sony, Nokia, Philips Semiconductors and hundreds of other companies included in the so-called NFC Forum, the Association for the advancement of this technology.
The first phone with NFC-enabled was released by the company Nokia in 2006.
The first smartphone on Android with NFC-enabled function - Samsung Nexus S - was introduced in 2010.
In May 2011, Google introduced Google Wallet, which allows users to bind bank cards to their account in Google and pay with the help of a smartphone on Android.
However, American experts emphasize that, despite large investments in high-tech companies in promoting NFC technology, American retailers still are cautious about innovation and not too eager to spend money on their hardware stores such systems.
So now observers are hoping that Apple's entry into this market still makes retailers accelerate and actively implement this technology in its outlets.
France: Paris position on supplies in Russia "Mistraley" does not change
A spokesman for France's Foreign Ministry Nadal said about the position of Paris regarding the delivery of Russian helicopter type Mistral.
"I can recall the statement by the President of the Republic (François Hollande), made in an interview with the newspaper Le Monde on August 20:" today the level of sanctions does not preclude the supply.
This is a decision for Europeans, but not France ,"" Mr. Nadal RIA Novosti.
The representative of the French Foreign Ministry responded to a question about whether that will worsen the situation in the Ukraine on the change in the position of Paris on the implementation of this contract
Learn more about the supply of helicopter in Russia read the material magazine "Oleg" Mistral "almost."
The Security Council of Ukraine: for the past 24 hours in the area of the operation that killed seven servicemen
A spokesman for the Council for National Security and Defense Council of Ukraine Andriy Lysenko said that over the past 24 hours in the combat zone in the east of the country killed seven Ukrainian servicemen, while another 25 were wounded.
The situation near Ilovaisk is extremely difficult.
Until then, until it is completed the operation to withdraw troops from the neighborhood, details oglashatsya will not be.
At the end of the operation will be made public information about the casualties and the cause of the current situation.
Perpetrators of such a situation will bear the responsibility ,"" added Mr. Lysenko, refusing to discuss the situation at Ilovaisk, where several Ukrainian battalions fall into the environment.
According to Representative Filipchuk," done everything possible to return the soldiers caught in captivity, according to ITAR-TASS.
Mr. Lysenko also noted that the Ukrainian military moved away from the airport in the direction of Georgievka settlement.
Learn more about the situation in eastern Ukraine, read in Kommersant," Arsen Avakov: the first Ukrainian soldiers left the neighborhood near Ilovaisk.
Norwegian Cruise is approaching $3 billion deal with Prestige Cruises
Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. NCHL O, the third largest cruise operator in the world, is located on the final stage of negotiations on the acquisition of a similar company Prestige Cruises International Inc. for about $3 billion, according to reports, people familiar with the situation.
The deal would provide Norwegian Cruise, companies with a market stoimst $6,679, 8 billion, access to the cruise ships of a class "lux" and customers Prestige Cruises, as it competes with larger rival Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd (RCL. N) and Carnival Corp (CCL. N).
The agreement could be announced this week, informed sources in Sunday, warning that negotiations still could unravel.
The owner of the Prestige Cruises, a private investment company, Apollo Global Management LLC (APO. N) also owns 20 percent stake in Norwegian Cruise.
The sources asked to remain unnamed, as negotiations are not open.
Representatives of the Norwegian Cruise and Prestige Cruises have not responded to requests to comment, while a spokesman for Apollo declined to comment on the information.
Norwegian Cruise, based in Miami, operates 13 cruise ships on routes, covering North America, the Mediterranean, the Baltic Sea, Central America and the Caribbean.
Its revenue totaled $2.54 billion in 2013, 13 percent more than in 2012.
Prestige Cruises, also based in Miami, operates under the brands of Oceania and Regent, which together hold eight cruise ships, which are in Scandinavia, Russia, the Mediterranean, North America, Asia, Africa and South America.
She said about the income of $1.2 billion in 2013, at 6 percent higher than a year earlier.
It is expected that the $29 billion cruise industry effect in subsequent years, the growth of the middle class in emerging economies, such as China and India.
The company raced to position itself as a cruise operators preferred these new customers.
Prestige Cruises has been registered by regulators in the United States for an initial public offering in January 2014.
Apollo has become the main shareholder of the company after the US$850 million deal in 2007.
Norwegian Cruise was created in the form, as it exists now, in 2000 as a result of a merger with the cruise operator, Genting Bhd (GENT. KL), konglomeratu entertainment and casino, nakhodivshemusya controlled by Malaysian billionaire Lim Kok Thea.
Apollo has invested $1 billion in Norwegian Cruise in 2008.
Norwegian Cruise has turned into a public company in January 2013.
Genting held a share of 28 percent, Apollo owned a share of 20 percent, and private investment firm TPG LP owned a stake in 8 percent of the company, according to a report by the end of June, according to the report.
Carnival, Royal Caribbean Cruises and Norwegian Cruise together make up 82 percent of cruise passengers in North America, according to registration documents at the first public offering of shares of Prestige Matsuhisa.
"Crimea" can get 250 million rubles in subsidies
In Russia the infomats offer to State Television and Radio Company "Crimea" 250 million rubles in 2014.
As follows from the draft resolution on a single portal for disclosure of information about the preparation of regulations, subsidies are planning to spend "to cover the costs of creating the conditions for large-scale public awareness of social and economic situation and the development of modern information space on the territory of the Republic of Crimea."
Also, the money will be spent on buying equipment, repair roofs and power supply systems in the building of the broadcasting company, founded in 1959, according to RIA Novosti.
Pro-democracy activists in Hong Kong thwarted a speech by the Chinese representative on the next day after deciding the election
A group of citizens, pro-U.S. Beijing, stood nearby, waving the Chinese flag.
The Standing Committee of the National People's Congress on Sunday identified the procedure, which only two or three candidates will be allowed to participate in the election of Hong Kong's leader in 2017.
All candidates must first obtain the support of the majority of the members of the committee for the nomination, which is likely to be full of Beijing loyalists.
The decision makes it almost impossible for democratic opposition to the ballot and led pro-democracy activists again promise to stop the financial center of Hong Kong protests "Occupy Central."
Political reform is the main source of tension in Hong Kong, as Chinese party leaders fear that the call for democracy will spread to other cities.
Following the publication of the document in Beijing, describes China's control over Hong Kong in June, pro-democracy activists held an unofficial referendum on elections in the special administrative region, and hundreds of thousands marched in downtown and staged a sit-in.
Briefing Li is organized by the Hong Kong government and the Chinese Bureau in Hong Kong.
Vice Chairman of the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress Zhang Rongshun and deputy director of the Office of Hong Kong and Macao Affairs of the State Council Wei Feng also had to act on a series of briefings during the day.
Students activists said that they will gather at the head of the government building in Hong Kong in the second half of the day.
Britain did not mention about democratic governance for Hong Kong's 150 years until the last days of its colonial rule.
Israeli authorities intend to attach 400 hectares of land belonging to the Palestinian Authority
Israeli authorities announced that they plan to attach 400 hectares of land in the West Bank belonging to the Palestinian Authority.
According to the BBC, the decision to land South Valaam is linked to the desire for revenge for the abduction and murder of three Israeli teenagers in June this year.
The capture of ministrestvo IDF announced on Sunday and has ordered the military to establish administrative controls on the West Bank.
According to the representative of the Gaza Strip Arikat Saib, the world community should urge Israel to answer for " the continuing settlement activity in the West Bank and in East Jerusalem.
Putin calls on Kiev to start talks about "statehood" in eastern Ukraine
According to Russian news reports about his remarks, Russian President Vladimir Putin demanded on Sunday that the Ukrainian government has stopped fighting with separatists in the east of the country and immediately start talks about "statehood" in the region.
His press secretary, Dmitry Peskov, later clarified that Putin had in mind that vostochnoukrainskaya territory under the control of the separatists will become part of Russia, but that its status within Ukraine should be revised to give the region an opportunity to defend their rights and interests.
However, Putin's call for the government to start negotiations with pro-Russian rebels as equal with the obvious strategy, which he should be at the beginning of the bloodshed five months ago: to help separatists to take territory and force the Ukrainian government to give novoprovozglashennaya Novorossiya territory de facto independence, in order to get closer to Russia, but not with the West.
In an interview with state television, Putin condemned the Ukrainian military campaign for the return of separatist territory in the eastern Donetsk and Lugansk regions, which were seized in March and April after Moscow annexed the Ukrainian peninsula of Crimea on March 18.
The Kremlin and the separatists have recently called the captured territories of Novorossiya, or New Russia, a name that refers to pre-revolutionary days of glory of the Russian empire.
Putin said that anyone who believes that peace talks will occur in the near future, when Ukrainian politicians begin campaigning for the parliamentary elections on October 26 and in the meantime, as government forces attack peaceful settlements in the separatist regions, "prisoner of illusions," reported Itar-Tass.
"We must immediately begin substantive negotiations and not only on technical issues, but also on the political structure of society and the public status of southeastern Ukraine, in order to protect the interests of people living there," he said.
Peskov said that Putin's words about statehood had in mind in the context of broader autonomy, which has been discussed for months with leaders in Kiev in an attempt to allay fears in the Russian-speaking areas that their cultural and linguistic rights in danger.
Only the Ukrainian government can give the necessary autonomy to the eastern regions," said Peskov.
This is not an issue for discussion between Ukraine and Russia, "said Peskov," because it is not a conflict between Russia and Ukraine, and the internal Ukrainian conflict ."
A spokesman for the Kremlin, in order to rectify the "incorrect" interpretation of Putin's words underscored the decision of the Russian leadership to behave toward the separatist rebellion in the east a different way than an occupation of Crimea, where the majority of the 2 million population are ethnic Russians.
Moscow would have had to endure a much more difficult battle to annex Donetsk and Luhansk region of eastern Ukraine, as most of the 6.5 million inhabitants are not Russians, and polls before the start of the conflict showed broad support for the desire to remain within Ukraine.
Autonomy, which Russian diplomats discussed at international forums would give regional governments in Ukraine, the authorities themselves define trade agreements and foreign policy, essentially, handing de facto control over the territory, which would have combined the main territory of Russia with Crimea.
On the Black Sea peninsula, prisoedinennom five months ago, is the main Russian military fleet, as well as commercial marine institutions and historic seaside resorts.
In the regions between Russia's Rostov region and Crimea are also mines, factories and foundry plants, which produce the necessary equipment for the Russian army.
Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko has proposed during his inauguration speech on June 7, to Ukrainian lawmakers after new elections cheated amendments to the constitution, allowing to give otdelivshimsya regions greater control over their finances and the status of languages.
But his views on autonomy, it seems, is very different from the view of the Kremlin and rebel separatists, arming and incitement which accuse Moscow.
The last call for Putin to negotiate with separatist leaders, both with equal followed new nastupleniyami rebels last week after Russian troops and tanks entered eastern Ukraine from the formerly peaceful region along the Sea of Azov.
Supported by Russia separatists took control of the town of Novoazovsk on the offensive, about which Ukrainian security forces say that they are afraid that it is the beginning of a campaign to capture a strategic coastal territory to the Crimea.
This will entail large-scale civilian and military efforts to strengthen the Mariupol steel port with 500,000 inhabitants, which is located between Novoazovsk and a narrow passage on the Crimean peninsula.
Poroshenko on Saturday addressed the gathering of leaders of the European Union in Brussels to encourage measures to prevent further Russian aggression against Ukraine, the former Soviet republic, which has been independent for 23 years.
"We are approaching the point of no return," warned Poroshenko.
Thousands of foreign troops and hundreds of foreign tanks are now on the territory of Ukraine.
The EU-Russia summit has not taken certain measures; leaders called for drafting tighter sanctions against Russia, which will be taken in case of any escalation of the Ukrainian crisis.
Ukrainian soldiers were forced to withdraw from their positions in Ilovaisk after two columns of Russian armored vehicles and 1,000 soldiers last week entered the Donetsk region, in order to support separatists, Colonel Andriy Lysenko, a spokesman for the Council on National Security and Defense of Ukraine told reporters in Kiev on Saturday.
The first of 63 Ukrainian soldiers, who were reportedly held in Ilovaisk as a result of a Russian invasion, were exchanged Sunday at 10 Russian aviadesantniki, captured on Ukrainian territory a week ago, said on Sunday.
The scandal with nude photo captures Australian celebrities and Gaby Greco
Jeffrey Edelsten expressed his distaste for hackers, who, perhaps, stole nude photos of his fiancee Gaby Greco and a list of Hollywood stars.
Hollywood in outrage after a series of explicit photos, which depicts a naked Jennifer Lawrence, got into the Internet as a result of the massive the hacker scandal with celebrities.
It is said that a hacker, responsible for this, there are about 60 candid photographs of the "Hunger Games" star Lawrence and superstars, including model Kate Upton and Kara Delevin, singer Rihanna, Ariana Grande and Lea Michelle and actress Kirsten Dunst.
The Australian actors Teresa Palmer, Emily Browning, Strahovski Strakhovski and living in Melbourne, also allegedly were stolen as a result of leaks from the iCloud.
The list of 101 name celebrities.
Edelsten, who made the proposal in the last month, told Confidential: "It's disgusting."
All private correspondence and photos should remain private.
It is frightening that personal information can be stolen and sent to other people.
Greco, which is located in New York, reportedly told novostnomu website that the hacker attack was "shameful" and that those who she was targeted, "feel that it invaded."
It is expected that the hacker has 30 photos of Palmer with former boyfriend Scott Spidmen, including two in the frame, where she lay by the pool with a bare chest.
The Palmer movies include "love and honor" with Liam Hemsworth.
Palmer, the star of the film "Chuck" Strakhovski and actress from "Prohibited Reception" Browning yesterday did not comment the stolen photos.
A spokesman for Lawrence told TMZ.com: "This is a brazen invasion of privacy."
The actor Seth Rogen expressed his indignation at the hacker, writing on Twitter: "Vykladyvat photos, stolen from a mobile phone, in fact, is no different from the sale of stolen goods."
Just from a legal point of view, we cannot tolerate the publication of stolen photographs.
Discovered a potential way to steal nude photos of celebrities
Mass hacking accounts may be made through a flaw in the application Find My Phone.
The potential scenario described resource The Next Web.
The Github resource was published script on Python, which allowed passwords to Find My Phone Apple.
This service allows you to track the whereabouts of iPhones.
In order to access the same bunch of login and password Apple ID, and for access to cloud Apple iCloud, which were stolen photos of celebrities.
The script allowed the search method to learn your password from the Find My Phone.
This method consistently introduces all sorts of combinations of characters, starting with the most frequently used passwords.
The author of the script argued that the service Find My Phone number of passwords is unlimited.
The proper organization of the security system after several unsuccessful attempts to enter the wrong password account must be blocked and to inform the user about the hacking attempt.
Because of the vulnerabilities, users have not received any reports of an attempt to pick up a password to their account.
Hackers have learned the password from the Apple ID and used it to access to iCloud.
According to user Hackapp in Twitter, the vulnerability was discovered two days ago, on Saturday, and her written script program for the selection of passwords.
At the moment, the vulnerability is closed: after five attempts to access the service is blocked.
The resource contacted Hackapp user and he noted that the above-mentioned vulnerability is typical for many services, but noted that there is no evidence that this vulnerability was used to access the account "stars."
It's not me, plz RT
The prime minister again appeared outside records
Although there is no solid evidence that the theft was used in the Find My Phone, which previously was a wave of malicious actions with the use of this service.
Hackers intercept device management and demanded a ransom from the owners.
In that case, Apple told the media that, in this case, the cloud security was not compromised, but has not conducted any investigations about how users lost their accounts.
Russia has also previously been hacked to Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev.
If the attackers gained access to iCloud described above, then there could be stored and password to the account of the head of the government in mikrobloging service.
The resource The Next Web has not been able to obtain Apple's comments about the vulnerability of the Find My Phone.
Putin granted Russian citizenship of Ukrainian pyatiborka
Russian President Vladimir Putin granted Russian citizenship to the well-known Ukrainian non-immigration Anna Buryak.
A decree published on the Internet portal legal information.
At the beginning of this year an athlete has moved to Russia for permanent residence and turned to the Federation of Modern Pentathlon Championship with a request to give her the opportunity to play for the national team.
In 2013, she won two stages of the World Cup, won the silver medal in the individual championship and became a world champion in the medley relay, which is one of the new types of program in this sport.
Uderzhivaet leading positions in the current season.
According to the rules, to perform at the Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro, it will need to get the permission of the Olympic Committee of Ukraine.
Anna Buryak was not the first Ukrainian non-immigration traded citizenship.
In July, Vladimir Putin decided to extradite Russian passport player Catherine Lagno Podgoretskiy?astle in Lvov city, which is a double European champion (2005, 2008), to four (2010) and rapid chess (2014).
In the women's team athlete won the chess Olympiad in Turin (2006), the World Team Championship in Astana (2013) and the European team championships in Warsaw (2013).
TFR halted an investigation into the disaster Tu-204 Vnukovo
The Investigative Committee of Russia (UNRCS) stopped criminal proceedings a plane catastrophe Tu-204 airline Red Wings.
According to the press-service of the agency.
The decision was taken in connection with the death of the aircraft commander and flight engineer.
Forensic examination showed that the cause of the accident was excessive speed in the landing, the crew of noncompliance with standard procedures for landing, as well as the unintended release of engines at high speed direct thrust.
The aircraft Tu-204 airline Red Wings, who had a flight from Moscow, crashed on December 29, 2012 when landing in Moscow's Vnukovo airport.
The aircraft vykatilos for the takeoff strip and alight.
At the site of the accident killed the commander of an aircraft, the second pilot and flight engineer.
The two flight attendant were taken to hospitals, where they later died from their injuries.
Another three flight attendants, hospitalized with serious injuries, were lengthy treatment.
In addition, grievous bodily harm was the driver of a car, dvigavshiysya at the time of the accident on the highway.
Passengers on board the aircraft was not.
The transport prosecutor's office after the disaster had been conducted in Red Wings inspection, during which were identified by numerous violations.
In February 2013, the license was suspended.
The company resumed work in the summer of 2013.
Alexander Emelianenko started to train in prison
A famous Russian fighter mixed style 33-year-old Alexander Emelianenko, who is in jail on charges of violent acts of a sexual nature in relation to the housekeeper, fully recovered from injury and started training.
It's reported that the "championship."
In May of this year, the Investigative Committee of Russia showed Alexander Emelianenko accusation of rape.
The suspect was on the wanted list, May 9, he was detained in Tambov after committing the name of the accident, in which he received a broken hip.
Emelianenko Jr. was placed under arrest until August 31, on 1 September was sentencing.
However, the court was postponed, and a consequence of the prolonged detention of up to 30 September.
In the case, if the fault of the athlete will be proven, he could face imprisonment for a term of up to six years.
In that force, brother?
"Lenta.ru" recalls the most scandalous stories in the career of Alexander Emelianenko
His last match Emelianenko held in January this year, losing a technical knockout compatriot Dmitry Sosnovskomu.
Alexander is the younger brother of more famous fighter Fedor Emelianenko.
The latter is a four times world champion mixed martial arts, four times world champion and seven-fold champion Russia on combat sambo.
Anger turned out to be the most versatile and functional human emotion
Serditoe expression is biologically universal to mankind, and everyone involved in its creation of a body and a group of muscles is not fortuitous, but is an additional tool for the expression of power and threat, found by scientists in Australia and the United States.
Their findings were presented in the journal Evolution and Human Behavior, and briefly about them can be read in the press release at the University of California in Santa Barbara.
Gnevnoe facial expression - and climbing down eyebrows, in line with his lips, bloated nostrils - equally in all cultures, and make it even blind from birth, he never saw," said the study's lead author Aaron Sell.
In the framework of a major research project on the nature of anger, scientists have found that there was this emotion for the effective management of disputes during the conflict.
The more physical damage one man can do another, the more he has the ability to dictate their terms, and he communicates it to the other person with anger.
The researchers found, and another of his hypothesis: physically strong people are angry and turn to invasions, consider themselves entitled to impose other disadvantageous conditions, as well as to force to solve conflicts peacefully.
Extrapolating from that anger is primarily "emotion," the scientists decided that the movement of each of the seven groups of muscles, creating serditoe facial expression, must represent gnevayushchegosya individual more powerful and dangerous in the eyes of the person - and thereby force as soon as possible to agree to its terms in order to avoid conflict.
To test this hypothesis, the researchers modeled on a computer person, where nalichestvoval or absent each of the seven elements of angry face, and showed their Whistleblowers.
Although climbing eyebrows or chin forward in isolation did not face evil with such human traits more physically strong participants recognized unanimously.
The anger of a man, as well as animals, expresses a threat: preuvelichennoe manifestation of their own power, accept and obey.
The man the nostrils and podzhimaet lips with the same purpose, and that frog, which inflate, or baboon, which demonstrates their fangs.
"Anger" runs " the refusal to accept the situation, and the person immediately takes the form, effectively demonstrating the opposite side of the consequence of this failure.
But the most striking is that none of the components of the face is not arbitrary, they all express the same," said anthropologist John Tubi.
Infomats proposed to allocate 250 million rubles for broadcasting "Crimea"
Infomats proposed to allocate in 2014 from the federal budget of 250 million rubles an autonomous non-profit organization "Broadcasting" Crimea ."
The statement was made in the draft resolution, the Government prepared by the Office, with which Abdi "Lenta.ru."
According to the explanatory note to the project, subsidies from the federal budget will be used to cover the costs of creating conditions for large-scale public awareness of social and economic situation and the development of modern information space on the territory of the Republic of Crimea, including the acquisition of equipment ."
In particular, for the allocated money to refit the hardware-studio block, video walls, central hardware and videoservernaya.
There are also plans to acquire a mobile television station and satellite transmitter.
In addition, the company will use fiber-optic line between (FOL) and repair system.
The subsidies will be provided within the federal budget provided for infomats.
The state broadcasting company "Crimea" was founded in 1959, is broadcasting in seven languages: Ukrainian, Russian, Crimean Tatar, German, Greek, Bulgarian and Armenian.
Today, the coverage of television signal broadcasting is more than 75 percent of the territory of the peninsula.
In 2011, "Crimea" has received the license for television broadcasting in digital format.
