The prime ministers of India and Japan meet in Tokyo
India's new prime minister, Narendra Modi, meets with his Japanese counterpart, Shinzo Abe, in Tokyo to discuss ties in the field of economics and security, as part of his first major foreign trip after his election victory in May.
Mr Modi is a five-day trip to Japan with the aim of strengthening economic ties with the world's third largest economy.
At the head of the agenda of the plans to expand nuclear cooperation.
India also reportedly hopes for an agreement on defense cooperation between the two states.
Fano Russia will hold a Final Expert session
The federal agency Scientific Organizations (Fan Russia) in conjunction with the ACADEMY OF SCIENCES will hold a third Expert session "Assessment of the efficiency of the scientific organizations."
The meeting will be the last in a series of meetings held by the agency during the year, according to the press release, incoming editor "Lenty.Ru."
At the third meeting is scheduled to take up the Expert session for the year and form a final list of indicators to measure the success of scientific organizations.
Separately, the participants of the event are planning to discuss the rules of establishing panels, responsible for carrying out the evaluation of the work of the scientific groups, and evaluation criteria.
The third expert session will be the final event in the succession of events on the formation of a single methodology for all three academies approach to assess the performance of scientific organizations.
Over the past five months we have succeeded, and the final version of the Regulations on the coordination.
According to the results of the next session we must complete the formation processes and expert analysis, agree about the stages and deadlines of the evaluation, "said the head of Russia's Elena Fan management between the US & Co.
The event will be attended by representatives of more than 100 scientific institutions of Russia.
His results are expected to be the adoption of the resolution.
The meeting will start at 10 am Moscow time on September 16, 2014 at: the City of Moscow, street Grab Bag.
Scientists have found a way to detect related stars
Astrophysicists at the University of California at Santa Cruz have studied mixing and his influence on the chemical homogeneity in star flocks.
It is expected that the opening of the experts will search among the stars of the family that is arising from one of the cluster.
The results of their research, the authors published in the journal Nature, and briefly with them can be found on the website of the university.
The cause of the same chemical composition of the stars is the nearest mixing in the clouds of gas that precedes the formation of stars.
Even if born star then leaves the star cluster, its chemical composition, it is possible to determine where she was born and the region of education.
Previously scientists had doubts that the evolution of the stars outside a cluster may lead to differences in its chemical content from such family members in a cluster.
The simulation results conducted shows that such differences should not appear.
In his study, specialists with the help of super computer chair, two streams of interstellar gas, which together formed a cloud.
This object within a few million years under their own gravity into a cluster in which are beginning to create.
Scientists added in initial gas flows and discovered that, thanks to the rapid in the cloud is achieved a high degree of chemical homogeneity.
According to astrophysics, their research proves that you can seek chemical composition, as well as to identify possible areas of education of such objects.
Karraty police arrested 20 years after the persecution of the motorcycle at high speed
The bike was confiscated after it drove at a speed of 125 km / h zone with a speed limit of 70 km / h and through to hide from police in the Pilbara.
Transport police patrol attempted to stop a blue motorcycle in Karrate this morning to discover that his speed of 125 km / h when he left the service station on Batgeyt Road.
Police reports that motorcyclists did not stop and continued movement Berdzhess Road, then rolled in, resulting in the police have lost his sight.
A motorcycle and a man matching the description of the driver were seen near the house on Bulgarre Walcott Way in.
Police charged the man with the 20th Karraty refusal to stop and dangerous driving.
He must appear before the World Court Karraty 23 September.
The motorcycle was seized and detained for three months.
The school year in DNR will begin before October
On September 1, the school year in DNR doesn't start, because only 10% of children in the region.
The Minister of Education and Science of the self-declared republic, Igor Kostenok.
He said that 11% of school children left in other regions of Ukraine, 20% - in Russia.
Teaching in schools in the territory controlled by DNR will begin no earlier than October 1.
However, teachers will work on 1 September.
Completed an investigation into the disaster Tu-204 at Vnukovo in 2012
Russia's Investigative Committee has completed an investigation into the criminal investigation into the disaster Tu-204 Vnukovo airport in December 2012.
This was reported today in the UK.
"the Moscow transport investigative department of the Investigative Committee of Russia for interregional completed an investigation into the criminal case into the accident aircraft Vingz TU- 204 airline" Red "Unsuccessfully on December 29, 2012, on the grounds of crimes provided CRIMINAL CODE / breaking the rules of the road safety and operation of air transport, resulting in the death of two or more persons /", said in a statement.
The cause of the disaster was the failure of the crew of standard procedures and increased the speed of the sunset on the landing.
George Webster County Accused of Rape Neyrne hotels and Pitlochry
A man appears before the court on charges of rape of women in two hotels.
George Webster County, 28 years old, charged during the hearing in the High Court in Glasgow.
Supposedly, he raped a woman in a hotel "From Scotland" ç "in Pitlochry, county Perthshire, June 7, 2013.
It is claimed that Webster County attacked her when she was "unconscious, slept and was not able to give consent."
In addition, Webster County is accused of rape of another woman in the Golf View Hotel in Neyrne located on Severo-Shotlandskom highlands, May 4, 2014.
Judge Lady Rae set a hearing in the High Court in Edinburgh on 17 November.
Lavrov: Russia will not "slam the door" in connection with new sanctions and will not come out of the WTO
Russia will not "slam the door" because of the new sanctions.
This was announced today, Foreign Minister Sergei LAVROV, speaking to students and teachers at the MOSCOW STATE UNIVERSITY.
About the response to our measures in case of a new wave of anti-Russian sanctions, I'm not even going to speculate, fancy, because everything has to be specifically intended, "he said.
And when we understand what this time European and American partners, then we'll make decisions about how to respond.
It will not be still associated with doors, some grievances, false, "stressed the minister.
We are, first and foremost, we will build on our interests, interests to protect its economy, the social sphere, our citizens, our businesses, and make the conclusions of the Action partners for their adequacy, and reliability.
Those steps that are being taken in the area of sanctions, can be a very good judge of what are partners, "continued, the head of the RUSSIAN FOREIGN MINISTRY.
If in a loud voice saying that "they, too, will be painful for US sanctions, but we have to do that to punish Russia," it's probably not very adequately. "
As FOR RUSSIA'S WTO ENTRY in response to possible new sanctions, it is not.
We, on the contrary, we want to actively learn the tools of the WTO, including when it comes to trade disputes, "said Lavrov.
We have already had the tools to overcome, as we believe, but discriminatory EU policy against anti-dumping procedures.
According to the minister, Russia accused of dumping and used against sectors of the RUSSIAN ECONOMY ARE anti-dumping measures.
"we are ready to Use the mechanisms of the WTO and to defend our position not to apply the standards of the third EU In Retrospect," said Lavrov.
How to properly use the lilacs in the design of the garden?
Irina Okuneva answers questions:
As the siren after they lose the main appeal, it is desirable to planting along with other bushes.
She is perfectly combined with many cultures.
And next to the Syringa can and should be planted as plants, ornamental in other terms and blossoming at the same time.
Another plus lilac is that it provides a lot of opportunities for creativity.
You can shape it We of varying heights, improved Bush, Bush with a wide base and bonsai garden - we like even with grotesquely bent.
Just select the form that is more in line with the design of your garden.
In Karelia for the sale of fake money, condemned to a resident of the Leningrad region
As reported in the INTERIOR MINISTRY, the man was doing their own criminal Segezhskom Olonetskom and fishing areas.
Apart from Karelia, he committed similar crimes in other regions of the country.
In particular, the defendant already was succeeded in the Vologda region, where the spring of this year, he was sentenced to two and a half years in prison.
Later, the man appeared before Olonetskim district court.
And for the end of the investigation on the crimes committed in our republic, was transferred to the Region.
In the process of investigating several cases of wine sales proved fake money related to the summer of 2013.
At the end of June this year, materials of the criminal law cases were sent to court.
Friday, August 29, the court ruled to replace the term of imprisonment for a term of four years in a penal colony for the regime.
The verdict has not entered into force.
Recall last week sentenced two more fake money that paid them in the shops in the city of Petrozavodsk.
Citizens of Azerbaijan Kareliyu also arrived from St. Petersburg.
One of them is deprived of freedom for five years, the other for four.
Each appointed a fine of 500 thousand rubles.
The verdict also has not yet entered into force.
In Arkhangelsk noted the anniversary of the arrival of the first convoy "Dervish"
The meeting, which took place in a regional centre, was devoted to the first "Arctic activity.
The "Dervish" delivered to the USSR military assistance from the US and the Uk.
Memory rally took place in Arkhangelsk Stone have a future monument to the participants of the northern convoys, which is located on the waterfront in Sedova Solombale name.
The event gathered representatives of veterans organizations of Arkhangelsk, children of the cadet class.
For the first time we met twenty three years ago when it was issued.
But at the same time, today's event is not a holiday as a day of remembrance of those who have not returned to the sea, "said the chairman of the Board of Veterans of the Northern Maritime Shipping Boris Karpov.
Then at the event made a city brass band and the pupils cadet classes gave veterans of flowers and marched with Russian flags and the flag of Victory.
The meeting ended with the laying on of colours to stone.
The convoy consisted of five British ships and one Dutch transport downloaded strategically important raw materials (10,000 tons of rubber boots around 1,500 tons, tin, wool and a lot of other equipment and equipment).
Also on board the plane was military equipment and armament - 3 800 deep bombs and magnetic mines, fifteen fighters "Hurricane" in a disassembled state.
At the same time, the British NAVY convoy escort accounted for 16 ships, including two aircraft carriers.
The caravan was not detected enemy vessels and safely reached its destination - Arkhangelsk.
A total of 848 ships involved in vital operations for caravans, killed 126 transport and about 50 military courts.
Within the framework of the Amur Autumn Film Festival will take place "amateur"
From 10 to 12 September in Blagoveshchensk KinAmur amateur film festival "will take place" within the framework of the "Amur Autumn."
Local Camera Buff will be able to take part in master classes and shows of the Festival Theatre and Cinema.
On September 10, the participants "KinAmura" will take part in the workshop of famous directors, creative meeting and showing the "Short": "Chelovek-dobro," "Leaving in Orange," "Arys-pole."
On September 11, there will be a Fire under "Board" Amur director Seeds Rudenko.
The closing ceremony will take place on September 12 KinAmur Festival, where the winners will be named the winners of the festival.
Amateur film contest will take place in several categories.
For the first time will participate in cartoons: the festival selected 3 animation film.
Just participate in the festival of 11 authors.
The following year, its participants plan to exhibit the Russian level, the press service of the city administration.
Remembering a very American ideal of what labor rights are human rights
Congressmen Keith Ellison and John Lewis offered a bill under which the Organization of Trade Unions protected as civil law.
"Where are the unions, and the jobs of the middle class," says Ellison, Democrat of Minnesota, who is the co-chairman of the Congressional Progressive Caucus.
That is why I am proud to represent the Act of expanding the rights of workers, along with the symbol of the Movement for Civil Rights Activist John Lewis.
This innovative bill would give workers the same legal opportunities for discrimination to form trade unions, that and other forms of discrimination, bringing to power foes of trade unions
The change in the Law on the regulation of labour relations in such a way as to allow the workers discrimination for participating in the Organization of Trade Unions, to seek justice in the civil courts, and compensation for damages and penalty payments - a sensible and necessary initiative.
But this is certainly not a radical initiative - at least by American standards.
Actually, the best way to understand that offer Ellison, Lewis and co-authors of the bill - remember the very American idea.
Despite the attacks, which the unions have been in recent years - in Wisconsin, Michigan and other states across the country - Americans once supported countries around the world to adopt, to expand and to respect human rights.
There was a time that millions of Americans still remember when this country simultaneously defended democracy, freedom of speech, freedom of the press and the right to organize.
When the United States occupied Japan after the Second World War, General Douglas Macarthur and his assistants have helped the country to adopt a constitution that has to ensure that the paramilitary Khideki Todzyo autocracy, has been replaced by a democracy.
Fully aware that workers and their trade unions play a role in the formation of a new Japan, they included a text that explicitly admitted that "the right of workers to organize and negotiate, and collective action is guaranteed."
When the United States occupied Germany after World War Ii, General Dwight David Eyzenkhauer and his assistants helped the Germans to write a constitution, which guaranteed that the fascism of Adolf Hitler was replaced by a strong democracy.
Recognizing that workers will need to be organized and to be heard in the new state, the Germans have included an article which explicitly said: "the Right to form associations to protect and improve labor and economic conditions will be guaranteed to every person and every profession or field of activity.
Agreements that restrict or seek to diminish this right will not have legal force; measures aimed at these goals will be judged to be illegal.
When the former first lady Eleanor Roosevelt was the chairman of the International Commission on Human Rights, which amounted to the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, which in 1948, will be adopted by the United Nations as a world agreement, Roosevelt and the drafters included a guarantee that "everyone has the right to organize and join unions to protect their interests."
Generations of Americans took for granted the basic position that labor rights are human rights.
When this country to advise others on how to create a civil and democratic society, Americans have explained that the right to organize unions - and to the union participated as an equal partner in collective bargaining with corporations and government agencies - should be protected.
Now, when these rights are attacked in America, wisely, indeed, return to the American ideal that working people should have the right to organize and to make their voices heard in a free and open society.
As a monk Martin Luther King, said fifty years ago:
History is a great teacher.
Now everyone knows that the trade union movement is not undermined the strength of the nation but increased them.
Raising the living standards of millions, Labor miraculously created a market for industry and lifted the whole nation to do the level of production.
Those who attack unions, forget these simple truths, but history remembers them.
History remembers as it should and to us.
Official recognition of labour rights as human rights - and the expansion of the protection of civil rights, to prevent discrimination against the Organization of Trade Unions - long overdue.
Keith Ellison and John Lewis as a result of the ideals that have historically extended to America and made the promise of democracy a reality.
Judge temporarily blocks the law that could close all clinics in Louisiana
In THE UNITED STATES, a federal judge on Sunday temporarily blocked enforcement of the law in Louisiana, about which his supporters say he is likely to close all five clinics in the state.
According to this measure, which was signed to perform the governor of Louisiana Bobby Dzhinadlom in June and was supposed to come into force on 1 September, doctors who do abortions, were obliged to have the authority to receive patients in a hospital within 30 miles of their practice.
However, the judge's decision means that at the moment, doctors can continue to make a legal abortion, while continuing to seek such powers.
"Plaintiffs will be allowed to work legally, continuing action to obtain authority," wrote in his decision, Judge John.
The hearing will be scheduled within a month, at which the judge will be a more permanent solution to this law.
Advocates of abortion rights are pleased to have met this decision, the latest in a succession of decisions against similar measures, saying that it will give doctors more time to receive hospital authority.
"Today's decision ensures that the women of Louisiana will be protected from a wicked law that seeks to take away their health and rights," said Nancy Nortap, president and head of the Centre for Reproductive Rights, which filed a lawsuit about the suspension of the law on behalf of three of the five clinics in the state.
It was not immediately clear whether the decision applies to doctors from two clinics that were plaintiffs in the case, and also filed an application for the authority.
Louisiana is one of 11 states that have adopted similar laws, and courts have recently recognized such measures unconstitutional in Alabama and Mississippi.
Key parts of a Texas law that would have closed most of the remaining clinics in the state were blocked by a federal judge on Friday.
Pro-choice activists, along with the American College of Obstetrics and Gynaecology, and the American Medical Association say the law relating to the powers of receiving impose on doctors, restrictions are not necessary from the point of view of medicine.
Opponents of abortion argue that such measures are aimed at protecting women's health, though some also noted their positive effect in the closing of the clinics.
Only one doctor who does abortions in Louisiana, there are powers of the reception in the hospital, said the Center for Reproductive Rights.
If all the other doctors in the state will be forced to stop performing the procedure, the doctor, fearing for their safety, would cease to perform this procedure, the group reported.
Criticizing the decision, Louisiana officials said they would punish doctors doing abortions, as long as their statements on the powers of the reception waiting for a decision.
What will the introduction of quotas on domestic products
At least half of the products for each kind of goods in the chains must be produced in Russia, according to Duma deputy from the Just Russia faction, "Oleg Nilov.
The MP has prepared a bill aimed at introducing protective measures for domestic producers, writes the newspaper Izvestia.
The document will still to avoid possible discomfort for buyers.
This applies to goods that are not produced in Russia. [...] For the rest of the groups of products that are produced in Russia, the retailer will have to give at least half of their shelves with domestic manufacturers, "Nilov told the publication.
Together with the amendments to Article About STATE REGULATION OF TRADE IN RUSSIA "the bill provides for the introduction of changes to the Tax Code, where players have lower than normal starting rate of VAT at 10% with the implementation of products produced in Russia.
The idea is to introduce a 50% quota in trading networks is included in the stimulus package for Russian producers.
On the shelves there will be several times more domestic goods.
But the initiative may have both positive and negative effects, experts say.
The company's lawyer said the "Tax", a member of the independent Centre of Expertise "Public Duma Sergei Litvinenko, for the Russian economy, as well as for domestic agricultural and food industries, the effect will be positive, and will lead to growth.
Will decline, farmers, small shops.
They will be able to sell more, and that means that profits will grow.
In addition, they will have the right to dictate their terms and prices for retailers, because those will be forced to buy their goods.
Russian producers will be able to increase the volume of its activity and sales that would pay higher taxes than before.
This will increase budget revenues, will create new jobs, any industry will expand, any faster or passing through, we will be introducing a contribution to GDP growth.
Russia's dependence on foreign food to fall several times, though not immediately, "said the expert.
Earlier Russian enterprises often could not get on the shelves of local shops because of the high competition from foreign analogues.
Now, after the introduction of the embargo, this niche and can breathe a sigh of relief.
But do not forget that after all the necessary approvals and sanitary inspections to the Russian market will be food from Latin America, Turkey and Serbia.
In other words, it is now "a moment of calm" when former players have already left, and the new has not yet come.
Almost a month later, you can talk about the increased demand for Russian raw materials, as well as rising prices for finished products, "said AiF.ru First Vice President of the All-Russian Public Organization" Russian club financial directors, Ph.D. Tamara Kasyanov.
Clearly, the idea is to sell in each category at least 50% of Russian food products will allow us to consolidate the sector for local producers.
In that case, they will compete with each other, not with goods that at the expense of another state subsidy, are cheaper.
In other words, the buyer will struggle between companies, working on a single industry laws.
On the other hand, says Kasyanov, Russian producers are able to satisfy the 50% of the domestic needs of compatriots is not all articles.
And in this situation, trading networks will have to "get" the share of Russian goods up to half of the range.
In this regard, increasing fears that the counters will be substandard goods.
Perhaps, under the guise of foreign products produced in Russia will be supplied with labels, "adds an expert.
The negative effect of the introduction of quotas will feel the big retail chains, especially those that are drawing closer to cooperate with importers.
Logically, that when this happens will suffer and foreign suppliers, because the demand for their products will decline.
Litvinenko does not exclude that the law on quotas on domestic goods may affect consumers.
The point is that some products produced in Russia can give quality alloys, while shops will be able to force prices up in the second as a scarce commodity.
Forgotten about in the early 2000s, the idea of import substitution economists again spoke in February of this year because of the continuing devaluation of the ruble.
Now, against the backdrop of difficult relations with the West, the question of abandoning the import of products becomes even more relevant.
The law is designed to oblige retailers in the formation of orders to suppliers to reckon with domestic producers.
Then we are much faster and more boldly go along the path of import substitution, and the system of production planning on necessary kinds of products will be created in a shorter period of time, "says MP Oleg Nilov.
Particularly the quota mechanism will be effective for those agricultural sectors, where the potential is particularly high, for example, in the dairy industry, where the share of imports was 25%.
Our farmers are actually able to fully cover the counters of Russian shops.
In addition, a powerful impulse can obtain and meat production.
As you know, the biggest share of imports is saved by flavour - from 30% to 35%.
It turns out, there are still between 65 and 70% Russian products, "says Kasyanov.
Experts are of the opinion that the introduction of quotas on domestic products contribute to and can speed up this process.
However, by itself this initiative will not, as this requires a set of measures, I am sure Litvinenko.
In any case, 50% sold goods according to this initiative can still be brought from abroad, so full of import substitution happens, but significant steps in this direction will be done.
Moreover, there is little to set quotas, the need to establish a production of domestic products to these quotas to meet.
These quotas just such guarantees and provide, "concludes the expert.
Early diagnosis and the lack of access to optimal treatment mean that ovarian cancer kills more in rural areas
Angelina Jolie and her brother James published a video of the memory of their late mother, who died from ovarian cancer in 2007.
Women in rural Australia face a higher risk of death from ovarian cancer than those living in cities.
The researchers analyzed maps of the disease more than 1,100 Australian women diagnosed with ovarian cancer in 2005 to discover that only 35 percent have lived five years after being diagnosed.
Lead researcher Susan Jordan of the QIMR Berghofer Medical Research Institute reported that the probability of dying during the study by 20 percent higher for those who live in the regions and in remote areas of the state than those who live in urban areas.
A SMALL STUDY: New drugs may slow lung cancer and ovarian cancer
The researchers tracked the medical path of women for seven years.
Dr Jordan said the woman's age at the time of diagnosis, the type of ovarian cancer, the presence of current diseases and status also influenced the likelihood of survival.
Older women more and those who have been in the later stages of cancer at the time of diagnosis, had the lowest survival rates.
For those who lived in the regions or in remote areas of the state, the chance of dying during the study was 20 percent higher than for those who lived in urban areas.
Although the study was not designed to determine why women living outside the cities, are more likely to die of ovarian cancer, Dr. Jordan suggested that early diagnosis and lack of access to the best treatment possible factors.
"This disease is best treated by surgeons, who specializes in gynaecological oncology, and they are mainly located in big cities," she said.
Despite the improvement in the quality of telemedicine services to reduce the influence of the distance, she suggested that the increase in the number of public services that will allow professionals to treat women closer to home, and programs to support people who have been treated far away from my house, can help.
Dr Jordan said that regardless of the geographical position, the study found that prolonged life expectancy among women with ovarian cancer was rare, stressing the need for more effective treatment and prevention strategies.
The study, financed by the Rio Tinto Ride to Conquer Cancer, will be published today in The Medical Journal of Australia.
In March 2012, at the age of 33 years, a young mother with a Gold Coast Elishe Neave was told that she had an aggressive form of ovarian cancer.
In September, A NEW EXHIBIT IN Kuzhenerskom area of open doors
Construction of a medical institution in the village of Toktaybelyak was started in April this year and was on the model of the project.
The value of the works was a little more than 10 million rubles.
According to the Office of Public Relations and Information Head of Mari El, the financing of the construction was carried out at the expense of the Republican budget in accordance with the address of the investment program.
The total area of the therapeutic institution built is almost 230 square meters.
It will provide medical aid to residents of eight settlements: village Demenitiev Toktaybelyak and villages, Pyuncheryumal, Tunya, Fomichi, Toraybelyak, Shinur and Chashkayal.
New item will replace the current EXHIBIT, the building, which was built in 1918 and has long been depleted its resources and its facilities do not meet the hygiene requirements.
The new institution will be open soon.
Own hant who murdered four month son driving faces trial
A resident of Chuvashia will be in the dock for the murder of his own child.
In Cheboksary, completed an investigation of the criminal case against women Cctv-5, the defender of minor death by negligence.
The investigation established that on 26 July this year along with the accusers son arrived at the celebration of the birth of the child its Cumae in Cheboksary.
After a long meal decided to stay in and the child to sleep.
When the baby woke at night and cry, woman put it beside him on the bed, to breast feed, but soon fell asleep.
During sleep, the woman on the son, as a result of which he died from suffocation.
The criminal case, the press service of the SU BY MEANS OF Chuvashia, submitted to the court.
Inflation went out of the vacation.
Do Russians feel a sharp increase in prices
As a result of overlapping sanctions OF RUSSIA and the West, inflation in Russia will not in forecasts of the authorities, convinced analysts at VTB Capital.
According to experts, the delayed effects of will lead to inflationary shock in the first quarter of 2015, writes RBC Daily.
According to the latest forecast By The Ministry of Economic Development, in 2014, inflation will be 6,5-7,5% next year and even less - 6.5%.
However, according to the newspaper Kommersant, "This Week, THE MAYOR should make a" small but significant "changes in the macroeconomic forecast until 2017.
According to the publication, the office can lower inflation estimate for 2015, that would eliminate the expected fiasco of income growth.
In the forecast, it was assumed that the RUSSIAN FOOD sanctions apply a year - until August 2015.
In such a situation, it was possible to assume such high inflation?
The current situation involves a one-off shock, but the downtrends trend of inflation does not change, "said the source close to the Real.
Economists from VTB Capital "do not share the government's economic bloc on inflation expectations and forecast price growth in 2014 at the level of 8%.
The main effect of food prohibitions will come together with the possible introduction of the regions of the RUSSIAN FEDERATION with a sales tax (GAP) in 2015, believe the experts.
Inflation will peak at 9% in February, after which the annual pace of price growth will decline, experts believe.
By the way, Was Pursued by the first inflation results last week after RUSSIA imposed a "neat sanctions."
Interviewed experts and found their inflation expectations.
Artem Deev, head of the analytical department of FC aforex:
Rising prices have already observed the major pillars of the goods.
Moreover, when it became more expensive, socially significant products, the government has been forced to launch a system of monitoring price stability measures, in order to prevent the risk of unjustified price increases in the short term.
Suppliers and retailers already report on a daily basis before the regulators that the authorities know exactly who, when, and for whatever reason initiates the price increase.
Key factors in the growth of the consumer price index continues to remain a whopping rate of capital flight, excessive refinancing of the banking sector by the Russian internal conversion due to stampede the population in foreign currency, as well as an embargo on the import of food from countries that have not acceded to the sanctions against Russia.
If inflationary pressures remained under control, the cost of a basket of a minimum set of products not only would have jumped by 12% for one quarter.
A ban on the import of food products caused the shock of the proposals on the domestic market and led to a completely increase the final cost.
Because at this stage we are unable to fully run the mechanism of import substitution, and increase the self-sufficiency of the Russian market at the expense of domestic production, reciprocal sanctions will continue to bear the risks of rising inflationary component.
If you add and fiscal reasons related to the lack of confidence in the national currency, as well as prospects for economic growth, by the end of this year, inflation is likely to exceed 8%.
Alexander Razuvaev, director of the analytical department of "Code Word"
In the 1990s, inflation sometimes reached 30% per month, "it was also higher than current levels, another thing that then it is offsetting rapid economic growth.
I think at the end of the year inflation will be Russia%.
Plato Maguta Asset Manager Maguta "Fund"
External factor associated with sanctions against Russia, while successfully contained, but if there is a further increase of the pressure, first of all, the financial sector - this can lead to certain difficulties and increase inflation expectations, which tend to traditionally appear in the shopping cash currency to protect their savings.
It can be assumed that the government, the CENTRAL BANK and the Finance Ministry will try to mitigate the smooth weakening of the ruble, as market practices and government regulation.
But rising prices traditionally begins after the summer lull, and perhaps this fall will be more pronounced.
The target level of consumer inflation in Russia in 7.5% ARE LIKELY TO FALL AS THE RUSSIAN FEDERATION has more financial savings.
Centers Grieve from reducing the number of homeowners
The collapse was due to the reduction in the number of homeowners aged less than 35 years, may lead to the fact that centers will lose tens of millions of pounds a year, when today's young consumers reached primary age "gardening", according to the study, the HTA, which reported the Financial Times.
According to this report, people ease housing, spending an average of 55 percent of the amount that the owners of their own houses spend on gardening.
It mentions an increase in the number of people living in areas without gardens, the popularity of yards in front of the house for parking and reduce the size of the garden as other factors bearing a threat for the industry, whose annual sales estimated at £5 billion.
In London, where the number of homeowners fell from 61 percent to 43 percent over the six years, the lowest in the Uk, the level of spending on goods for gardeners on the household.
HTA and Royal Society reported that rental housing and the lack of space for the Garden does not mean that people cannot grow plants.
Guy Barter, chief horticulture adviser at the RHS, said: "the Cultivation of plants in containers, for example, is especially popular with tenants who can carry plants with them when they move."
HTA report identified the period between 1997 and 2005 as a "golden age" of retail goods for gardening as a result of an increase in the number of homeowners and economic prosperity from the late 1980s until the mid 1990s.
It also predicted that the market will improve this year, thanks to more good weather after adverse conditions in March and April last year.
Bulgaria's Ministry of Agriculture held a mass purge in the fund "Farming"
Three of the four chiefs of the fund "Agriculture" were replaced by another on Friday.
In total, three of the four chiefs of the fund "Agriculture" were replaced by another on Friday.
Officially, the ministry of agriculture in Bulgaria reported only on from his position as executive director of Atanas Dobrev.
His place took Lousã Municipality Portugal Gymnastics.
It turned out that publicly Friday were superseded and two of the three deputy executive directors of the fund.
Released deputy executive director Tatiana Angel, which until then was responsible for state aid and SAPARD program, BGNYeS reports with reference to the newspaper "Labour."
I was not present at the Fund's governing council, because by law we are not members of the leadership, but I was told later that I was released.
I can't say why about my dismissal is not reported on the Web site of the foundation.
I'm on vacation.
I hope to know more on Monday, "said Angel edition.
Bagdatova Ivanka will take its place, which has so far been the head of the "Investment" in the central fund "Farming" in Sofia.
Deputy Executive Director Nikolai Dachev also was released.
Until this moment he was responsible for direct subsidies for the fields from the EU.
His place will be appointed Zhivko Zhivkov, who was head of the Regional Directorate of the fund "Farming" in the city of Less until January 2014.
The fund's only retained his post as deputy head of Atidzhe Alieva-Veli.
Currently, she is responsible for the Programme for the development of rural areas.
The official reasons for all changes to the agency are not mentioned.
Turkey is an American diplomat in connection with a message about espionage
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Turkey was the most senior US diplomat in the country for explanations in connection with the report about the American and British espionage in Turkey.
Deputy Prime Minister Byulent reported that the U.S. attorney in the affairs and Turkish officials discussed the message on Monday.
The German magazine "Der Spiegel" and The "intercept" Online reported that documents provided by former US National Security Agency analyst Edward Snoudenom show that Turkey has been a priority for intelligence for American and British intelligence services.
According to Turkish news agencies, Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan importance of this message, saying that all leading countries are spying on each other.
Previously information that Germany's main intelligence agency also made Ankara intelligence object caused more outcry response from the Turkish government.
The largest Chinese companies united against Alibaba
Chinese companies, including China's largest commercial property developer, Dalian Wanda Group and Tencent Holdings (social media, Messenger, etc.) and Baidu (China's largest search engine), creating a company that will compete in the market trading with Alibaba.
However, to catch up with the miracle of the Chinese Internet, which left behind even their American rivals - eBay and Amazon.com, will not be easy.
The union of the biggest
The companies plan to invest in a joint venture to 5 billion yuan ($814 million), 70% of it will be owned by Wanda and 15 percent each of the Internet companies, according to Wanda Group.
It is planned to register a company in Hong Kong.
The joint venture will bring together the search service Baidu with popular social platform WeChat (the largest in China, the number of users, which is about 438 million people), Tencent and infrastructure Wanda.
In addition to the network of 40 luxury hotels group Wanda manages at least 49 commercial real estate all over China and 40 shopping centers.
Last year, the company invested 50 billion yuan ($8 billion) in construction of the film and theme park entertainment Tsindao (a city in the east of China on the shores of the Yellow Sea).
It is expected that the project will attract more than 1 million visitors annually and to generate profits at the level of $960 million.
In addition, Wanda owns US cinema chain of AMS Entertainment Holdings, which makes the company the largest cinema operator in the world.
By 2015, Wanda plans to equip all of its shopping centers, hotels and places of entertainment e-commerce services, the development of which will just create a competitor Alibaba.
According to Dong Tse who will lead the new company by combining Wanda e-commerce will increase the number of users of its services from the current 40 million to 100 million by next year.
The new playground should become the world's largest online-to-offline platform, notes Tung Tse.
The essence of the online-to-offline (O2O) commerce is attracting buyers to the Internet so that they come to ordinary or bought other traditional services.
A classic example of O2O services are selling coupons like Groupon or vigoda.ru.
"O2O is the biggest" pie "in" - said the head of the Wanda Van Tszyanlin (quote according to Bloomberg).
"Now the real O2O platform in China does not exist, and in this situation, the chances of all of them roughly equal," he said.
The Chinese e-commerce market is the largest in the world, and, according to estimates by Mckinsey & Co., more than three times its volume by 2015 compared with 2011, to $395 billion.
The number of Chinese Internet users grew to 632 million, Bloomberg data from the official statistics: it's more than the population of any country in the world, with the exception of India.
And according to forecasts, by 2015 that number could grow to 850 million.
The union of the richest
The head of Tencent Ma Khuaten was until recently the richest man in China, however, according to the agency's millionaires Bloomberg index, Alibaba founder Jack Ma has already surpassed its $5.5 billion.
Jack Ma's fortune is estimated at $21.8 billion, of which $11 billion from its stake in Alibaba.
The head of Baidu, Robin Li, now ranks third among the richest people in China, while Van Tszyanlin of Wanda - fourth line in the rating.
"this fight is very interesting to watch: the three richest people together to challenge even more wealthy," said Bloomberg, director of the Center for the Study of Chinese e-commerce in Hangzhou Cao Wang.
But he believes that the new company is unlikely to be able to seriously compete with Alibaba immediately after creation: "Rome isn't built in a day."
That Alibaba is not true - just to compete not just new companies but also deserved the leaders of the world's creaking evidence published on the eve of the report on the financial performance of Alibaba over the last quarter.
Alibaba is often described as something between eBay and Amazon.com, but from April to June, the Chinese company earned more than both of its U.S. competitors combined.
Alibaba's net profit for the period is nearly twice that of the same total hours worked index competitors - it grew almost three times year on year and amounted to $1.99 billion.
"Alibaba still has huge potential to generate money, largely thanks to its mobile applications," commented on the Bloomberg report, analyst at Arete Research Service of Hong Kong.
According to the updated prospectus Alibaba on the website of the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), the number of active mobile users services company in July was 188 million, significantly exceeds the March figure (163 million).
At the same time, 32.8% of all transactions, Alibaba in the past quarter had to mobile devices.
Alibaba will have to name the price of its shares before the IPO.
According to the average estimate of 11 analysts surveyed by Bloomberg, the company could be worth $187 billion after selling shares.
According to Bloomberg sources, the debut of Alibaba on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) could take place as early as September 16.
The company's road show, prior to this event, starts on September 3.
It is expected that the release of the Alibaba IPO will be a record in the history of the NYSE and will allow the company to raise about $20 billion.
So far, the record for the largest US stock funds attracted belonged to the payment system Visa, which in 2008 held an initial public offering of its shares, earning $17.9 billion.
At least half of all food products in retail chains should be the Russian production, believe the deputies of the Duma.
They have developed a bill on this subject.
We are talking about the amendments to Article 8 of the FEDERAL LAW On State Regulations OF TRADE IN RUSSIA "and the Tax Code.
The purpose of the document is the introduction of protective measures against Russian manufacturers of food.
Important point, according to the bill, at least 50 per cent of locally produced products in the shops should be for each kind of goods.
However, the document will take into account the fact that there are items that are not produced in Russia, for example, vegetables, and fruits in winter, so for them to be made "discount" to avoid possible discomfort for buyers.
At the same time, the draft law introduces a change in the Tax Code OF THE RUSSIAN FEDERATION, putting the players have lower than normal starting rate of VAT to 10% with the implementation of all food products, the origin of which is Russia, the Izvestia daily.
On August 27, in the lower house of parliament introduced a bill on amendments to the FEDERAL LAW "ON retail markets," which proposes to revive farm markets in Russia, where small producers can sell their products.
Magalufa charged CHIEF OF POLICE CORRUPTION
The plaintiffs presented evidence of extortion on the part of police and officials from the Office of the public prosecutor Malorki Kalvii municipality on Friday.
Police Chief Kalvii on the resort island of Mallorca has been arrested as a result of accusations of corruption on the part of the business and the owners of bars in the infamous known center of unbridled drunkenness Magalufe.
Chief Inspector Jose Antonio Navarro was placed in custody as a result of accusations of corruption against him, several businessmen with Punta Ballin, streets, where the majority of bars and nightclubs Magalufa.
According to the daily Mallorca Diario, the plaintiffs submitted evidence of extortion on the part of police and officials of the municipality of Kalvii Malorki anti-corruption prosecutor's office on Friday.
Another two local policemen were arrested Spain's National Guard in connection with allegations of corruption and will be questioned by a judge, along with Navarro.
The Spanish daily newspaper ABC reported that disaffected owners of nightclubs say that protectionism on the part of the authorities seriously reflected on the state of their business.
"It's no longer a question of how to make money, it is about how to survive," said the court, one of the businessmen.
We cannot jeopardize our sources of existence.
We have nothing to lose.
Landed in the headlines of the international press this summer after a popular video on Youtube in which he was shown an 18-year-old British package made fellatio on 24 men during a race on the bars.
Authorities on the island since then trying to stop the hooliganism, drink-driving among vacationers Magalufa, making a minimum number of scandalous known alcoholic doing the bars.
In addition, the club Playhouse, where the incident occurred with Fellatio, was forced to close for a year, while the Playhouse and the organizers of the race bars Carnage together were charged £55,000 ($73000).
Tourist resort Magaluf mainly popular among young British tourists, has also been a place of numerous accidents while intoxicated related to crazy and fun, known as "" when people jump from one balcony to another or from a balcony into the hotel pool.
The first day of spring marked by wet and Vetren conditions resulted in flights to Adelaide Airport
Spring prepared cold surprise south of South Australia, bringing torrential rain and strong winds which have flights to Adelaide Airport.
5 mm of rain fell on the city in the evening to 9 p.m., followed by 6.6 mm, which dropped for Sunday night.
But the latest was preceded by a couple of short showers with wind, including threatened that shortly before 8 pm has woken up and poured almost 4 mm in about 10 minutes.
After an early portion of spring last week issued a winter temperatures again fell on Monday to maximum just 15,8c in town.
Conditions is expected to have served as one of the reasons for the delay of the Virgin Airlines flight from Melbourne Adelaidu.
The plane was supposed to land on schedule shortly after 7: 30 p.m., but was in the area of wind shift - sudden changes in speed or direction of the wind on a short distance - and was forced to gain height.
Wind gusts reached 50 km / h on earth in Adelaide Airport at this time.
Flight data showed that the aircraft had to gain height during the second landing, and the plane eventually landed about 8: 40 p.m.
A delay of this flight caused a further delay of several other flights, including the flight from Dubai's Emirates and Qantas flight from Sydney.
A maximum of 16C is forecast in Adelaide on Tuesday, with the probability of one or two storms.
The calculation of the estimate of BUILDINGS IN RUSSIA WILL BE IN A NEW WAY
Issues of pricing, regulation of the construction industry, as well as problems connecting to a network, the Federal Antimonopoly Service takes a special control.
While FAS created the Advisory Council for the development of competition in the construction sector.
At its meeting, the head of the control of UTILITIES, construction and natural resources FAS Vadim Solovyov said that "today's calculations estimate of buildings is absolutely incomprehensible."
Regulatory framework makes pricing opaque and could lead to unjustified price of construction, believe in FAS.
And the cost of construction of at the design stage to determine on the basis of market prices of constructive solutions, instead of used today estimated norms and unit pricing on technological operations.
The proposals made in the "road map" and are now under consideration in the common economic space.
"Replacing the traditional budget in construction on settlements constructive elements should lead to less corruption in the industry," said Vadim Solovyov RUSSIAN STATE ".
Now the full every bolt and nut, and it is not always possible to check everything, so sometimes the documentation that unscrupulous construction companies are buried "whole tractor."
In common with FAS agree.
"the First transition that has been in the calculation of the cost elements have already developed methods of convenience in the price of construction solutions, estimates were told to 1961, the head of the Department of Urban Planning and Architecture of construction Elena Zhukov.
As the pilot selected sphere of road construction.
But experts believe the problem is much more serious.
As told to 1961, the head of a construction company, "Anatoly Profi-invest Demyanko, estimates the standards long obsolete, but another mechanism for business unless asked.
"As far as the proposed settlement elements, in practice it is hard work, as in the construction of buildings often are completely different technologies," he said.
It is no secret that it is largely thanks to develops.
According to the chairman of the board of the RUSSIAN Expert Community procurement professionals "Catherine Lezinoy, today the state is the most effective customer.
Rosatom's deputy director of the engineering industry centre of capital construction Vladimir Malakhov drew attention to the fact that the market can be divided into companies who have access to a portfolio of contracts and companies owning monopolies competencies and does not allow for this field of competitors.
He believes that the creation of a transparent market is possible only when access to contracts will be the maximum is someone managing impacts.
At the Expert Council was asked to create a system of procurement in such a way that the same contractor may not receive more than one contract worth more than 1 billion rubles, or multiple contracts worth more than $1 billion.
Common believe that this approach must be assessed from the point of view of the impact on the business, as well as construction management efficiency.
As explained by Elena Zhukova, in this case, it will be necessary to provide Contractor's functions, which will lead to an increase in staff and budget spending on its content.
At the same time, specialists of the customer will have to have knowledge, to assess the quality of the Ministry of Works, as well as their security.
Often with such a breakdown will need to determine who will be responsible for the safety of the object as a whole.
In addition, this approach may result in the outflow of highly skilled players should in obtaining public order in connection with a reduced scope of work and a small amount of the contract.
Deputy head of the Institute's Center for procurement Yevstashenkov Alexander believes that procurement procedure has become a business game on the attentiveness of the contractor.
And this example: "a participant shall indicate when filling the" specific performance "without specifying the words:" or the equivalent, "" should, "" from "" More, "" Less, "" similar "" or "" type "of a similar type," "Higher," "lower," "Higher," "can," "may," "might," "earlier" and "no earlier than", "above" or "Not Allowed" etc.
Thus, customers often abuse their right to set requirements for the content of the application submitted to ministry.
Another problem according to Yevstashenkova became the need to evaluate the quality of work even at the stage of filing through the "paper" proposal.
Considering the application, one can realistically assess the only qualification contractor, but not the quality of the works, the execution of which haven't even started, "said the expert.
The quality of the works can be assessed only on their acceptance.
On the Expert Council was also asked to carry a margin income from the top in the lower echelon to disappeared intermediate contractors.
The chairman of the Expert Council, State Secretary Deputy FAS Andrei Tsarikovskiy believes that this should not be done, as responsible for the order should be general.
Otherwise, as in the famous Arkady Raikin, "The Studio": "CLAIMS TO EAT?".
Israeli children return to school after the war in Gaza
Thousands of Israeli children in areas near the Gaza Strip again went to school on Monday after having spent the summer in a bombproof shelters, when missiles and mines, the rain fell on their settlements during war between Israel and Hamas, while schools in the Gaza Strip remained closed while the area was rebuilding itself after the fighting.
The start of school classes brought a sense of joy and excitement by missiles settlements of southern Israel, however, traces of warfare remained fresh.
In the southern city of Ashdod employees Pashosh "kindergarten", which got a rocket, removed traces of debris from walls and children's slides before the arrival of pupils.
"We are a little bit afraid, but are happy to look into the future," said Ronit Barth, a resident of Kibbutz Saad and English teacher at his school.
Many children in our district really need to return to a quiet life.
Her 11-year-old daughter, Chagny, Bart, said that suddenly again to start going to school "a little strange."
"it Was a difficult time, and we didn't come out of their homes," she said.
President Rivlin visited Reuven at kibbutz, which is located near the border with Gaza, to express their support.
Before the cease-fire stopped the war last week, thousands of inhabitants of border settlements, such as Saad, not out on the street or are displaced from their homes and left for safer areas further from Gaza to be saved from the missile and fire.
Many residents of the Cheeky Fellow Oz, settlements near the border with Gaza, where a 4-year-old boy was killed by a Palestinian cut mines, doubt that they should go back.
The Ministry of Education reported that about a dozen families have still not returned.
Their children were sent to other schools.
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu visited the school in Sderot, a town on the border with Gaza, which greatly from Palestinian fire.
He advised the children carefully studying and said: "We will do our best to give you the knowledge and to ensure your safety."
Israel and Hamas have agreed to indefinite ceasefire last Tuesday.
A ceasefire immediately put an end to combat operations, but key issues remained unresolved, such as the requirement for Hamas to remove blockade of Gaza and the opening of the airports and sea ports in the Gaza Strip.
Israel wants Hamas folded arms and returned the bodies of two Israeli soldiers killed in the war.
It is expected that a new phase of indirect negotiations will begin later this month in Egypt.
The war killed more than 2,100 Palestinians, three-quarters were civilians, and at least 494 child, according to estimates by the Palestinian side and the UN.
Israel disputes the figures and says that at least half of those killed were militants; despite this, he has not provided significant evidence to prove this claim.
On the Israeli side, 66 soldiers and six civilians were killed, including one Thai worker.
During the fighting, Hamas and other Gaza militants have released 4591 unit of missiles and mines on Israeli cities, mostly in the south of the country.
The Israeli army, meanwhile, has conducted more than 5,000 air and other attacks.
As a result of the Israeli attacks have been damaged and destroyed thousands of homes in Gaza, and an estimated 250,000 people have found refuge in more than 100 schools that were converted into shelters.
Due to the fact that tens of thousands of people were still in shelters, and the fighting continued, the officials responsible for education, last week delayed the start of the school year.
"I hope that the school will be opened soon, so that we can complete our education as children around the world and Jewish children," said Mohammad Amara, a 13-year-old boy who now lives in one of the schools in Gaza.
According to the popular Criterion, real estate prices have shown the greatest winter growth for seven years.
RP Data CoreLogic Hedonic Home Value Index for home prices in the Australian capital, rose 1.1 percent in August, according to RP Data on Monday.
This increase has led to a cumulative increase for June, July and August at 4.2 percent, the largest increase for the winter months since 2007.
Annual growth was 10.9 percent, more than twice as much as the growth in the 12 months to August 2013, but the increase was not evenly distributed across the country.
RP Data research director Tim Lawless said that while Sydney and Melbourne lead the two-level market.
RP Data figures show that in Sydney house prices rose 16.1 percent over the last year, while in Melbourne - 11.7 percent.
The following power markets were Adelaide, Brisbeyn and Darwin, where prices rose by an average of five to six percent.
At the other end of the scale was Canberra, which were all over government spending cuts, where prices rose by just 1.4 percent for the year.
Mr Lawless said that now, when spring began will lead to an increase in the number of properties for sale, over the next few months, that it will be "a real test" to the market.
"Given the current high level of Speed auction sales, overall sales and high speed of the current low interest rate conditions, it is likely that the cost of housing will increase over the next three months yet," he said.
How people live in the old house of Ufa
In the former House of and Yevdokima and his son Ivan Demydiv street October revolution 57 / 1 (formerly Big Kazan) 18 apartments.
House building has hardly changed since the 18TH CENTURY, if not considered decay.
There are people here, as on the tour, and the tenants are more than happy, from their privilege - the right to live in the oldest Ufa House Walls Remember commander Alexander Suvorov.
The date of the house, historians point to the two dates - 570 and 1737.
But in any case, it turns out that the building of almost 300 years.
The old yard, always open the door, the squeaky staircase.
Doors in the apartments are located close to each other, the walls are cracked, and in plaster places visible from the street.
It seems all is kept honest word.
While local residents are told: "You don't think it is."
To live in a wooden house OF THE 18TH CENTURY, it is very difficult, "says Tatiana (1961), a resident of the Apartment No 3.
The object is, but money for its content is not tens of years, and we feel museum exhibitions, about which the authorities just forgot.
The last renovation was 40 years ago.
At the very least, the walls still stand, but the foundation of the whole.
Many tenants still go to the toilet on the street and washable once a week in a public bath.
How can we be satisfied in such conditions?!
The road passes directly under the windows, even the pedestrian zone is not present.
Tatiana raises the curtain.
Now you can see what was heard: beneath the windows; the flow of cars.
You see, glass constantly, we can't open the window and noise are used.
Man gets used to everything, good and bad.
Our apartment is still a top, thanks to her husband, the hand he has gold.
Moreover, the two rooms we live three with his son.
And other families conditions much worse on the second floor ceiling at a little more than one and a half meters high.
For contrast, Tatiana offers to go to the neighbor of the Apartment No 6 Starostin Lyudmila.
Pleasant and friendly woman with a threshold offers a cup of coffee and with a sad smile says:
We have a studio apartment, 14.5 m 2 on four people and live: we are with her husband and daughter with his granddaughter.
I am here with the birth, the other living has never been seen before, "Lyudmila eyes room: track attic, two sofa letter" G "; one of them is a granddaughter with a laptop.
Very closely and differs little from the usual domestic interior: only the ceilings are beautiful, "historical".
But with the ceiling regularly flows: the plumbing system is good for nothing.
Lyudmila says about his apartment is routinely and amazing at the same time, as the Italian house, which stands on the Roman ruins.
That is, reduces one very old and recent, everyday and legendary:
Water spent about 40 years ago during the last repair.
At the same time, have made us a small kitchen in the former Pantry and toilet.
We live in times where its headquarters Demidov family lived on the second floor of the servants.
Our apartment is not privatised, yes and why?
In the Centre of the property of Ufa say privatization does not matter.
Still get only one-room apartment cannot claim more.
Already four months ago promised us but further promises it doesn't matter.
Not used to complain, and I will not.
In this apartment (room!) lived a whole dynasty: my grandparents, Mom and Dad, I'm with my husband and my daughter with his granddaughter.
Everything happened during this time.
For example, rats ran through the kitchen.
Look at the walls of the they m thickness!
They say the solution was involved on the eggs, so so long rests.
House built deep thanks Demydiv!
Probably only so as long as no one killed ceiling or.
The only building still slowly dying before our eyes: boards and log homes are rotting floors have repeatedly failed, we are pouring cement, but it's useless - the solution is in the ground, as well.
They say it is - under our bathroom hidden Laza and move to the River White, who once lived here, the Old Believers made specially to escape danger, in which case.
Their harassment.
Lyudmila Starostin tells how it came a historian, he would take, so he started to dig in the apartment.
And then urged to give them a space in exchange for their October avenue.
Dr. Ludmila refused:
Where we have excellent?
And here at least a tiny hope is that will give housing more spacious.
We agree on the exchange, nothing would have already won.
However, the family Starostin nothing and not won.
Lyudmila's greatest dream to their leaders and a daughter with a 16-year-old granddaughter gave a separate room.
Then there are two families have two-room apartment instead of not the most majestic ruins, in which two generations living now.
Pretty, Girl Olesya Karsakova of apartments No 11 and 12 shows the second floor of the house.
There in two close squeezed into airless apartments with a total area of 23 m 2 called apartments, lives with her large family.
The entire US seven people, two children.
See for yourself what conditions.
Pieces of plaster and window frames, within the walls of the kitchen and into the rooms cross-cutting holes.
The water in the solution only cold all year round.
Some apartments at the old house of Ufa, you can be sure that most lucky couple Lavrentyev Apartment No 4.
They occupy the most spacious rooms of the first floor.
You are right, places a lot!
The premises in 75 squares, all three people.
We live in those rooms, where according to legend stayed Suvorov during his stay in Ufa, the head of the family, "says Alexander Dmitrievich Lavrentyev.
High ceilings, spacious.
One is bad - everything around is sputtering, falling apart, is collapsing.
Neighbors probably already told!
Most of the suffering we have floors: wooden boards decayed, the earth literally went out of the legs.
I put the stabilizers, wedges; there is still nothing, and go to another room, like a seesaw swing, so everything was not cemented.
About the merchant's house Yevdokima Demydiv Alexander can tell you better than any guide.
Refers to as a native, speaks of it with admiration.
Indeed, it was an extraordinary personality: owner Kaginskogo Uzyanskogo factories and built the houses, guns and bells, kept Ural mines.
The heirs of property ancestor are proud of, but to live under one roof with history no longer want.
I moved here as a child, in the 1940s, THE 20TH CENTURY, "says Alexander.
Then around stood wooden rooms for originally stables and Booth subsequently.
In 1968, wanted to remove and our house, but something prevented...
The same story was repeated in 2014: again new housing.
We, as a team, gathered all the documents necessary resort, and suddenly learned that moving to Brooklyn in 2015 or 2016.
Something you don't believe in all this...
Two years ago Lavrentyev went to the Ministry of Culture of the Republic of Bashkortostan, to learn the fate of their homes.
Officials have not accepted the tenant.
Sent from one table to another, and then, as mockery, issued a paper without signatures and stamps, "the Ministry of Culture is not objecting to the settlement of the residents."
I have even had a feeling that our house has been not in terms of the city since he first was number 57, then became a 57 AND NOW 57 / 1.
As if he had already been demolished in the 1970s.
"Russian Planet" turned to the research sector work's Department of Land Resources of Ufa Vladimir Barabash.
A house on the street of the October Revolution 57 / 1 is included in the settlement of the old housing program.
I can't answer for the actions of the officials of the 1970s, only know that at the time there was a plan for the demolition of all the old homes, despite the historical significance.
Fortunately, this has not happened, and the decision of modern government is to restore all the ancient houses along the street of the October Revolution, representing architectural value - successfully carried out.
Residents soon planned new apartments.
According to Barabash restore Demydiv House will be Italian specialists who took part in the restoration of buildings in Venice.
Now in Italy passes Architectural Biennale, and the project "The Old Ufa is represented there, among others.
I hope that by 2016 all former Old Bank Street will be restored, "says the official.
The House will get a proper view in such a way that was previously three centuries ago.
Demydiv House, is likely to become a museum, open to all comers.
Besides, the government decided to make a weekend pedestrian street.
In everyday life, unfortunately, fail, too much workload of roads in the city.
People from the future museum Vladimir Barabash promises in 2015.
However, it is unlikely that they will be: their new apartments will be the same square as the current.
Just from a different era.
In Primorye due to the storms started a wildfire
Dry weather was the cause of a forest fire on the territory of Hunting district forestry in Conflagration region of Primorsky Territory.
At the site of the fire, there is a build-up of grouping of forces and means.
According to the Regional Air KGSBU "leadership" status quo that has prevailed at the site of the fire conditions require attracting forces aviation.
Vasily Medvedev, deputy head of the air:
The fire resulting from the difficult terrain found aboard a patrol aircraft An-2 square 3 hectares.
Burning wood remains of the old.
Strong territory and the steepness of the slope of more than 45 degrees, the lack of suitable for landing sites create significant difficulties in extinguishing.
We need a Mi-8 helicopter.
Delivery of power available at the disposal of the Mi-2 helicopter and plane an An-2 is very difficult.
After the fire detection on the place to fight were promptly planted 4.
The main task of professionals is to fire-fight and training platform for the delivery of additional forces and fire-extinguishing equipment.
In the area of lunch in the village area Hunting helicopter delivered an additional 3.
Once a playground for landing a helicopter in the area of the fire will be ready, the experts will be transferred to their fight, according to the website of the administration.
Lenny Henry: My father never hugged me.
Never said, "I Love You"
Henry was one of seven children born into a family of immigrants from Jamaica in Dudley in Were in 1958.
His father, who died when Henry was 19, he worked in a factory, and their relationships were limited.
Henry rehearsing comedy, "Rare Records Rudi", which is partly based on imaginary conversations with his father and grew up in a series of broadcasts on Radio 4.
The soundtrack is a mix of reggae and rap, and the melodies -.
However, Henry had to get through some difficult memories of childhood.
After the death of his mother was "a lot" of treatment, in addition, Henry often reflects about the relationship with his father.
He was very inaccessible.
You've never seen his face, you only heard his voice: "Don't make noise.
Those of us from the sisters.
The man made no response!
I want to watch cricket.
My older brothers Seymour and Hilton that were adults when I was a child, traveled with him in the pub and talked about such things as a form of beer glasses, the beauty of the strike in cricket.
I never spoke to him.
He was such a guy in the corner who read the newspaper for most of my life.
Henry recently opened are workshop in Dudley and, although the conditions were better than in the days of his father, he was able to take a look at what must have been his life.
Now there's a little bit better, but it's a dark,, depth of labyrinths' Hell with flashes of fire and smoke and a lot of soot.
My father climbed up in the bathtub and just lay there, and you've heard of, as he slowly begins to sing to myself, because he wanted to from foundry workshop.
When I came back, I realized that he was doing this years and years to earn our livelihood, and I began to appreciate it more.
However, Henry came out of childhood devoid of parental love.
My father never hugged, never said, "I love you."
It was only when my mother became ill at the very end of her life, we started to say, "I love you, I love you, I love you.
The birth of his own daughter, Billy, from Don Tunic, allowed him to share the love he lacked as a child.
You can stop this, "I love you"?
Just don't hug me!
Dad, I'm 22!
With Don Tunic.
Why would I not be friends with her?
She's a great mom
They are still great friends with the French, for whom he had been married for 25 years.
Don is a good man.
Why would I not be friends with Don?
She's an excellent mother.
Henry was the mother's diabetes.
He was one of what killed her.
So, when I was very, very recovered and I had symptoms of diabetes, my doctor said, "You need to take drastic measures.
Then I started serious classes, and I also had to go on a strict diet to get rid of the symptoms.
This is very hard.
And it's boring.
No one eats carrots.
A change of career trajectory Henry reflected, perhaps, in his noble, briefly beard.
Since then, he has received recognition from the critics for his Othello, he completely sank into the theatre.
Followed a "Comedy of Errors" and then "Fences" Augusta Georgia Wilson.
This work is different from sitcoms and comedies that were an essential attribute of his busy professional life.
He began his career when he was 16 and worked at the factory.
DJ noticed, as he is on stage, and wrote about it in "New Faces."
His career in television began in the middle of the Seventies: "Quite a long time I was the only black / Comedian on television."
He studied at work.
I not only had to grow in the eyes of the public, I had to learn how to be an effective vehicle for delivering jokes between 1975 and 1985, as a star, working on television, and it was very hard.
Lenny in "New Faces" in 1975
As his manager had the rights to "The Black and White Minstrels show, Light Entertainment, in which humans" face ", Henry found that acts in it for five years.
My family is very not liked.
I, like, want to see this never happened to me, but I don't regret that I did it.
Although it was a strange, a condemnation of the position, I worked on large sites, and went to work with the crowd.
But what was "received awards for light entertainment classics on British television for years and years" was a "grotesque parody of black people."
Introducing characters who were abusive to black culture in the Uk, and chanted her, Henry worked in the alternative comedic envelope project in the 80s.
The first season of "The Show Lenny Henry" was broadcast in 1984, and in the 1990s, he was known as, among other things, the chef Geret Bleklok Of My Boss! ".
Commercials, documentaries, TV series, and the role of the cinema took over the next ten years of his life, but after his show on the BBC in 2008 "lennyhenry.tv," he thought, "What are you going to do next, Flax, because little seems to be that you or quietly to the side."
Next was a series of documentary broadcasts on Radio 4 called "What good is it...?"
The first was about Shakespeare.
I had a real allergy to Shakespeare.
We cannot say to properly taught me that at school and I thought it was, in many respects, the prerogative of white middle class people with and cabbage at the bottom of the front.
So I am very afraid of him.
All of whom we interviewed for transmission, Peter Hall, Trevor Nunn, Adrian Lester, Judy Dench said: "You have to try.
Not Ruga it until you don't know what you're talking about.
Aloud some of these words and you will understand why we are all so love Shakespeare.
Henry read 20 lines of the last monologue Othello for the documentary, and his.
I had the feeling that I can do this.
Like my head.
"That's what it is, this is a serious matter, treat this seriously, learn your text, carry out a little research.
So, the process of rehearsal was tough, and I read this play, months and months before we got it.
And it was a success.
It seemed they were waiting for a catastrophe, and it didn't happen.
Soon we started "Comedy of Errors".
Suddenly, I was at the National Theatre, and I just couldn't believe it until the end.
There was one moment when I thought, "OH, you've changed."
There was a technical problem and Henry instinctively felt that his job is to entertain the audience.
"a Quiet voice inside me said," You have to work for 10 minutes, until they are repaired a computer. "
Instead, the assistant director, announced that the representation of a resume as soon as the problem will be solved.
I left the scene and something in me said, "OH, thank God."
It is not my duty.
I can let someone else deal with it.
"You play in the play, stay in the role."
Henry in "Fences" in theatre Dachess
Learn the text for "Fences" was difficult.
Panic is quite useful, it strengthens the musculature.
It was good, so it was like a sign, showing: "Here's what you need to do."
He says it's certainly GROMOVYM voice.
So I need it.
I really love this.
I love to be in Hall.
By the way, Henry still thinking comedian - all the way to our conversation flashes of his humour when he then starts, then finished parody.
I just decided not to work in Stand-up Comedy because this thing is gaining instant reward from a room full of strangers, I think, a rather dangerous.
If you want to that all the time, this can lead to a standstill.
I sometimes work in "Live at the Apollo" when I want to, but I don't get as much fun as it used to be.
I ask if he will ever again be Stand-up Comedy Tour.
The joy of sitting in a room with a producer who helps shape the beginning, middle and end of the road - I don't think I ever want to.
That is, it's his new incarnation?
I think so.
I like to be an actor.
This fun.
You always tell a story, and here is a great place for this.
I love history.
People love stories.
Kenya registers of public servants to identify ""
Kenya began registration of all civil servants in an effort to remove "" of the government's payroll.
Employees who are not signing up for the next two weeks, will no longer pay, according to a government statement.
The government suspects that thousands of people continue to receive salaries after leaving public service.
President Ukhuru Keniata promised to cut corruption in state structures after it came to power in 2013.
Audit earlier this year found that at least $1 million (£700,000) a month disappears at the expense of payments "" and other financial irregularities.
The government suspects that wages continue to act on bank accounts, even after a person dies or leaves the civil service, the BBC reporter Vanyama Chebusiri reports from the capital, Nairobi.
All government employees should come within the next two weeks in the identification centers to ensure that their data will be collected through biometric registration procedures, according to a government statement.
Anyone who doesn't do this without a valid reason, will be removed from the payroll, according to him.
"This procedure would significantly streamline the civil service, to determine the actual number of public servants, and will also be used to clear the payment statement on both levels of government - hence, end the problem of", "said Ann Vayguru, cabinet secretary of planning and structuring of power.
Dozens of Turkish police officers arrested in connection with the "conspiracy" against the government
A total of 33 police officers were detained in Turkey on suspicion of "conspiracy against the government," according to local news agencies.
Police officials have not immediately commented on this information.
Among the detainees were 14 senior officers, the Hurriet Daily News reported.
Some of them last December took part in events to identify corruption, which was intended to check government employees, including four government ministers.
In July, a number of Turkish police officers were arrested on suspicion of the creation of organized criminal groups and listening to the phone.
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan, who was prime minister at the time) determined their actions as part of the measures taken against him and others, those in power, the Islamic Cleric Fetkhullakhom Gyulenom.
Not all children returned to school in Ukraine
Schools in the greater part of Ukraine again opened its doors on Monday (September 1) after the summer holidays.
This Day is traditionally a big event for families, and, like thousands of other Ukrainian parents, Prime Minister Arseny Yatsenyuk took his daughter to school.
He said expecting journalists that not all schools opened again, but that he will do everything possible to protect the country for future generations:
On September 1, the ceremony took place not in every school.
There is no peaceful sky above each part of Ukraine.
We must fight for the peaceful sky.
The whole Ukraine, a huge single Ukrainian People's Front, should fight for the peaceful skies.
Aleks Shepherds, director of a school in FC Slavyansk Slavyansk-na-Kubani, which went to daughter Yatseniuk, spoke Russian.
We hope that the world is finally clear here and that children will receive a knowledge that will be useful in their later life.
The first day of school is traditionally celebrated the fact that children wear embroidered shirt, keeping in the hands of balloons and flowers for their teachers.
In the face of the Rhone Feyrkhed BBC might have found such an impressive leader that she needs
Behind it is a loop of fame from the world of banking, MEDIA management and internal Tory party circles.
Indeed, she has her own experience of working in managerial positions.
Her career began in the global management consulting firm, Bain and Co, and then continued in Morgan Stanley, Bombadier, HERE AND IN THE WORLD OF MEDIA IN Pearsons.
She was the head of the Financial Times for seven years, having to resign when a high post in the parent company Pearson's took the, who held a lower position.
It is said that her income is close to £1 million.
Its political rating is also durable.
It recommended that David Cameron, Lord Browne, the former head of BP, when he attempted to bring experts from the private sector in Whitehall: it has become an adviser to the Cabinet of Ministers.
Her husband, a former adviser to the Tories.
Earlier in May, I called the job of chairman of the poisoned bowl.
The BBC is not only a huge and complex organisation at the heart of public life, but in its structure, there is an internal paradox.
The council has two kinds: inside as the top level of management hierarchy of the BBC, but also outside as the voice of the public concern and unrest, when something goes wrong.
It's almost unreachable duopoly, which requires a complete radical reform.
But what the new president will take the risk to come, and destroying the institute is as complicated as the Chinese dynasty if he put himself in this process.
This is a difficult decision.
It is not so difficult, many people will be glad to see the BBC reduced in size, after a review of its powers, Finance and status.
As competitors diminish circle and new technologies to challenge the cosy old habits, the inevitable negotiations about the cost of a licence represents a special danger for the BBC.
For the modest sum of £145,50 per year the British gain share in, definitely, the greatest media company in the world.
BBC tells a good story: she says that the results of its work covers 96 percent of households and cost each of them just 40p a day.
Moreover, it is clear that the popularity of the Beeb is rising: 53 percent support it today against 31 per cent 10 years ago.
Models of viewing and use the BBC have changed: now I get the news headlines on the mobile phone and watch on the programme I missed.
But she remains very popular and an institution.
He needs an impressive chairman - I hope it has found it.
Perry of Texas says that the humiliating tweet stating she'd like to was written by someone with others
Tweet stating she'd like with Texas Governor Rick Perry, a Republican, confirmed the account Sunday night contained offensive image of the district prosecutor from the Democrats, which is at the center of criminal prosecution on charges of abuse of power.
Tweet stating she'd like later was removed, and followed by another with Perry's account, in which this entry was.
Just from my account was published a tweet stating she'd like to, which was written by someone with a third.
"I don't approve of this tweet stating she'd like to, and I removed it," said a later entry.
Perry's aides did not immediately respond to messages for comment.
While the recordings were loaded with confirmed Perry's account, it was not clear who actually deals with the publication of the tape.
An earlier tweet stating she'd like contained caricature on Rozmeri Lemberg Travis County prosecutor who was convicted for driving in a state of intoxication in April 2013.
Perry vetoed a ban on the funding of her office when she refused to resign, which led to a grand jury hearing in Austin this month against Perry, who is a potential presidential candidate in the election of 2016.
Signature in & then glew [sic] says, "I'm driving, not always in a state of intoxication, three times more than the permissible limit of alcohol in his blood,.. but when I do it, I claim the indicted governor Perry for what he tells me about it."
I am the most drunk Democrat in Texas.
Office led the investigation with the participation of the grand jury not Lemberg against Perry.
They did Michael MakKrum special prosecutor from San Antonio who was appointed.
Perry pleaded not guilty and called the prosecution a political ploy.
His powerful legal team asked the judge leading the case, to dismiss the indictment, arguing that the law used to prosecute the governor acting in his duties, the longest in the history of Texas, indistinct and that, contrary to the constitution.
Perry stopped the funding of $7.5 million from the state Department of public control of the state, which is based in Travis County, Texas and is engaged in harassment of corruption in the public sector, when Lemberg refused to resign.
The veto led to a formal complaint by a group of public control, with left-wing views.
The tape confirmed account Perry frequently updated - and sometimes becomes famous.
Coming fifth at the party congress in Iowa during his presidential campaign in 2012, Perry responded to rumors that he might withdraw from the game by issuing a tweet stating she'd like to photograph themselves frozen near the lake, and the words: "Here We Are, South Carolina!"
Berkeley reports that the property market back to "normal"
One of the most prominent developers of London warned that the property market in the south-east of England "returned" to normal levels of activity.
Homes in the capital were the subject of buoyant demand and rapidly rising prices, with widely spread fears that the credit bubble will push the Bank of England to set restrictions on mortgage lending in June.
Tony Pidzhli, founder and chairman of the luxury building company, Berkeley, on Monday said: "SINCE THE BEGINNING OF THE current financial year, the market has returned to a normal level of transactions with the peak of 2013," adding that it provided "a stable working environment."
The London property market has been effective during the downturn as foreign buyers attracted to the capital.
Prices in the city jumped by 18.5 percent over the last year alone, according to the Land Inventory, significantly outpacing average 6.7 per cent of England and Wales as a whole.
The average market prices for private, affordable and student schemes Berkeley have risen by about one-fifth in the last year, reaching £423000 at the end of April.
However, the strengthening of the pound in recent months, making London property less attractive to foreign buyers, some of whom also halted the introduction of new taxes on property and political rhetoric around a potential tax on "mansions" in front of the General Election next May.
London real estate agency Foxtons last week warned that the secretary of the reform of the mortgage market, which were introduced more stringent loan conditions also would entail a reduction in market growth, as real estate transactions and prices in the second half of the year.
Fresh data from the Bank of England on Monday showed a drop in the number of mortgages approved in June, suggesting further cooling in the housing market.
Hamptons International, another real estate agency, reduced its forecast for growth of prices for London properties for 2015 to 3 percent on the basis of that commitment to real estate prices already began to wane.
The volume of transactions, meanwhile, fell by a quarter compared with the previous year in the most expensive areas of London, such as Chelsea, Mayfair and Kensington, according to agency WA Ellis.
However, demand for homes in the capital turned out to be very profitable for Berkeley, lifting sales above the £2.2 billion.
Mr. Pidzhli added: "the Demand for the right product with a good design and the best location is unchanged and, reflecting this, sales for the period have survived."
In June the company announced that it had sold 3742 of new homes this year until the end of April - almost a third more than the pre-crisis peak in 2007.
Annual profit before tax rose 40 percent over the previous year to £380 million, income - by 18 per cent to £1.6 billion.
Speaking on Monday before the company's annual meeting, Mr. Pidzhli reported that alleged income Berkeley this year will meet current market expectations.
According to the unanimous opinion analysts expected profit before tax for the whole year of £450 million.
The value of the stake in Berkeley was on £23,96 in the second half of the day on the London Stock Exchange.
Photographs of naked Jennifer Lawrence Published online hacker
Jennifer Lawrence arrives at the annual award ceremony American Film Academy.
Naked photographs of the actress Jennifer Lawrence, received an Academy Award, were posted on the Internet a hacker, who said he has a "catalogue" of photos even 100 rising stars.
A spokesman for the star of "The Hungry Games," confirmed that the photos of Lawrence are real, and condemned the hacker for "brazen invasion of personal space."
It was an appeal to the law enforcement agencies, and they will pursue anyone who publish the stolen photos of Jennifer Lawrence.
The photos, which were originally published on the website 4chan sharing pictures were allegedly retrieved due to a lack of system you Apple, and alleged "catalogue" of victims of hacking, includes the names of the dozen, including Rihanna, Kim Kardashian, Mary Elizabeth Winsted and Mary-kate Olsen, according to BuzzFeed.
It is unclear how many of these pictures are genuine, although star Scott Piligrim against all "Winsted Twitter also condemned the hacking.
"Anyone who looks at the photographs that we made with her husband a few years ago, retreating to the house - I hope you're proud of yourself," wrote Winsted in Twitter.
However, Victoria Justice of Nickolodeon series "iCarly" and "Victorious" denied that the photos she wrote on Twitter: "These so-called naked pictures of me WERE FAKE, People.
Let me stop this in the bud. * pun intended *.
BuzzFeed reported last Sunday that the pop star Ariana Grande's spokesman denied that the photos, which, presumably, she's genuine.
An exclusive excerpt from the new novel by Howard Traceroute about love and the letter "J" triggered praise critics
They vanish, it's best to say it that way, they gradually crumbled like a cardboard box that was left in the rain.
Sometimes the woman told him that he was too serious, hard to communicate, intense, closed and, maybe, a little irritable.
And then she his hand.
He saw his irritability.
He was to have as a hair, yes.
The latest victim of this was little novel from which he waited longer than usual to get rid of lonely and boring life and perhaps even some sort of satisfaction.
Solomonz was maintaining a fragile with beautiful hair and the heart of the North Island village, even more remote and harsh than Royben Port.
She came to the south with the older master that Kevern believed her aunt, with the latter inherited a house in raw, but like the Paradise Valley under the joyful "Heavenly Valley."
No one lived in the house for several years.
The pipe was flowing, baths were sitting motionless spiders, left its traces on all windows, confident that the house belongs to them; garden weeds, similar to a giant cabbage cobs.
It was like a cottage of children's books, simultaneously terrifying and charming, full of secrets.
The author: Howard Jacobson, whose novel "J" has been included in this Bukerovskoy Award in 2014.
The shortlist will be announced next week
Eylinn and sat holding hands, broken sun loungers among the high grass, enjoying surprisingly warm spring day; both of them vaguely connected to the cheap console, which manufactured the country to enjoy the music and soothing news when, glancing at her brown legs crossed, he remembered the old song has long forgotten black singer, which liked to listen to his father down the curtains in the house.
Your too large feet.
Due to their inherent aggressiveness, songs of this type on the console is no longer have lost.
They were not banned - nothing actually was not forbidden - just their no longer have lost.
They have helped to become archaic as the word "archaic."
Public taste did what would have never managed to achieve the orders and regulations, as well as among the books people chose the memoirs of the rich, who grew up in poverty, cookbooks and love the novels, of all the music they chose ballads.
Caught up in this afternoon, Kevern began playing piano and rough comic voice singing big legs Eylinn.
Didn't understand.
"It was popular the jazz pianist called Fets Waller Made," he told her, to his two fingers to his lips.
So always did his father to stop the letter "J" before she force his lips.
It started with the games they played when he was small.
His father played it with his father as he told him.
Start the word with "J", forgetting to make two fingers to her mouth, and it will cost you a penny.
It was not a very funny game then and it wasn't very fun now.
He knew that it is expected from him, that's all.
He had to explain what is jazz.
Never heard.
Jazz is also not played, although he has not been explicitly banned.
Improvisation went out of fashion.
In life, there is only one place "if."
When the melody began, people wanted to know exactly where it will end.
With wit, exactly the same way.
His unpredictability was people's nerves.
And jazz was wit, marked with the help of music.
Although he reached the age of 10 years, never about Sammy Davis Junior, Kevern knew about jazz of paternal CDs.
But at least he didn't have to speak Eylinn that Fets Waller Made was black.
Given her age, it is unlikely that she would remember a time when the popular singers were not black.
Again, no laws or pressure.
Society was docile, and this meant that each segment agreed with gratitude - gratitude those fate, "with the principle of the group.
People origin on temperament and physical characteristics were good for entertainment and sport - and they sang and ran.
From the Indian Sub-continent, as if by nature, talented in everything related to electronics, have undertaken to ensure that no family was left without a working electronic phone.
What is left of the Polish diaspora, was works; what is left from the Greek, flared plates.
Coming from the Persian Gulf and the Levant, whose grandfathers were rapidly leave the country when WHAT HAPPENED, IF ANYTHING HAPPENED happened, in fear that they will be blamed for fueling the flames, in fear, as a matter of fact that the flame would swallow their following, have opened restaurants with and hookah, distract or draw some people and yearned.
To each according to his abilities.
As she had heard only ballads Eylinn was difficult to understand how offensive words that just Kevern she generally could be set to music.
Music is an expression of love.
"They are not really offensive," said Kevern.
Except, maybe, for people who have big legs.
My father never offended but he loved this song.
He said too much, but running the Garden gave him an illusion of security.
No word could not penetrate the soundproofing of giant leaves similar to Brassicaceae.
Still did not understand.
As your father could love it?
He wanted to say that this is a joke, but he didn't want to when two fingers to his lips are pressed against it again.
She already thought he was strange.
"It seemed ridiculous" he said instead.
She shook her head in disbelief closed Kevernu review.
There was nothing in the whole world except her hair.
Nothing on that he wanted to watch.
"Well, if you say so," she said, in his opinion.
But this still doesn't explain why you eat it to me.
She seemed really upset.
I have big feet too?
He looked at them again.
You can't say no.
Ankles, maybe, a little bit...
And you say you hate me because my ankles are too thick?
Hate you?
Of course I don't hate you.
It's just this silly song.
He could say, "I Love You," but it was too early.
"I Like You precisely because you have thick ankles" tried to say he instead.
I have such a perversion.
This was wrong.
He wanted it was funny.
Attempts to joke often led him into awkward situations, because, like his father, he didn't have the same soothing charm that could mitigate the cruelty, in the data.
Maybe his father wanted to be cruel.
Maybe he Kevern wanted.
Despite the good eyes.
Solomonz flushed and stood up from the sun lounger after the console and Strait wine that they drank.
The wine of the elder so that intoxication could not serve him an excuse.
In his excitement, she seemed to take mine as palm leaves in the weather system.
"I like you because you have a stupid head" she said...
Though not like you very much.
It was a pity her and because of the unnecessary roughness of his words, and because of the fear that appeared in her eyes when she gave him.
Whether she thought that he hit her?
She has not talked to him about life in the cold northern archipelago, where she grew up, but he had no doubt that the basic features she was like a.
The same huge ice ocean collapsed on both of them.
The same half-distracted men, even more sensitive and capricious after WHAT HAPPENED, IF ANYTHING HAPPENED, than their ancestors, smugglers and destroyers, wandering from pub to pub in fury, ready to raise a hand on any woman, them or deny them.
Stupid head?
They would have shown her blunt fist if she wasn't careful!
First would be kissed - Kiss has now become the most common expression of erotic irritation between a man and a woman; a stark contrast with the fresh ballads that provide proper console - first to kiss her, and then hit.
Excessive clarification according to Keverna because the kiss itself was already hooliganism.
Solomonz corps showed that he needs to leave.
He rose from deckchairs as the old man.
She herself felt severity, but the weight of his grief surprised her.
This was not the end of the world.
They barely knew each other.
She watched as he goes, and from the upper windows looked like he was leaving, her spouse, a man, himself on others.
Adam, leaving the garden, she thought.
She felt a stab of sympathy to him and men in general, even though some of them and raised her hand.
The man, from her with back,, smitten, the ability to fight left him - why she felt she knew so well, if she could not recall a single case, until today, when she saw it?
Again, one Eylinn Solomonz looked at their feet.
Twenty years before the above events or so Esme Cantered Nussbaum, smart and energetic researcher who worked in "Ofnau" informal service to monitor the Public Mood, has prepared a report on the preservation of low and medium level of violence in most parts of the country, where it is expected that it will be reduced, if not disappear altogether, given the means and the forces that mobilized against it.
"a Lot has been done, and much is being done," she wrote, "to mitigate the innate aggressiveness of people who fought in a thousand wars and won most of them, especially among these branches and narrow areas, where, despite hovering spires on churches, gentle breath was rarely in the history of human kindness.
However, some of the quality, it turns out,.
The higher the spire seemingly so those passions that he opens.
The population of the sheds tears over sentimental ballads, are presented for the stories about the overheated obstacles and declares his belief in the virtue of marriage and family life, but it is not only old rudeness retains a strong grip in both rural communities and urban settlements, but there is evidence that the emerging new and an angry in homes, in the workplace, on roads and even playgrounds.
"you HAVE an unfortunate habit of writing too much," said her supervisor, read the report as a whole.
I think you should read less novels.
Esme cantered Nussbaum lowered her head.
I must also ask You: You?
"I believe that it is not obliged to answer," replied Esme Cantered Nussbaum.
You're a lesbian?
Esme cantered again insisted on his right to privacy and silence.
Feminist?
Again, silence.
"I ask," Finally Rabinovits Luther said, "not because I am against atheism, or feminism.
Here we have no prejudice.
We are the servants of society without prejudice.
But some types of hypersensitivity, absolutely acceptable and laudable in themselves, can sometimes distort the results, such as those that You have shown me.
It is obvious that You yourself against the church, and what you call "vicious" and "brutal", others would be interpreted as an expression of natural leaping and vitality.
Continue ABOUT WHAT HAPPENED, IF ANYTHING HAPPENED, as if it happened, if anything happened, yesterday, it means depriving the country needed vitality.
Esme cantered Nussbaum glanced from side to side while Rabinovits spoke.
For his head pink as flamingos, led letters repeated advice that "Ofnau" gave the country the last quarter of a century or more.
To his neighbor, appreciate your spouse, listen to ballads, go on musicals, talk on the phone, push, it's, hey,,.
The conversation is better than silence, the word of the song better than the written word, but there is nothing better than love.
"I fully understand that You want to say, quietly answered Esme Cantered Nussbaum when satisfied that her supervisor had finished speaking," and I don't want to say nothing, except that we are not as efficiently as we convince ourselves.
I am concerned that unless we are ready, we find that repeat mistakes that initially LED TO WHAT HAPPENED, IF ANYTHING HAPPENED.
Only this time we their anger and mistrust, not others.
Luther Rabinovits joined fingertips in the chosen watermelon.
The gesture was supposed to mean an infinite patience.
"You go too far," he said, "calling" bugs "actions committed or not committed our grandfathers.
You go too far and when you say that they have thrown out their "anger" and "mistrust" to "Other."
On Your Site and people should not need to remind that understanding the past, i.e. defending the present, we are not talking about "us" and "them."
There was no "us" and there was no "other."
It was a time of disorder - and that's all that we know.
"For that, to be honest with ourselves," Dare to insert Esme Cantered, "No part of society should not have to justify itself.
I don't blame anyone.
Whether it was bad or good - what is done is done.
Then it was then.
Nothing more to say - here we agree.
And as there is no need to blame anyone, there is no need to justify myself if it was appropriate, or if it was possible to correct something.
But why the past if not to learn -
Past for We Forgot.
If I can add to this one word -
Luther Rabinovitsa pyramid has collapsed.
"I'll Cover Your Report," he said, letting go of it.
The next day, on the way to work, it knocked motorcyclists, who left on the sidewalk, as passers-by have described "in spiteful rage."
Matches happen.
Lesotho military says that the coup was not intended; the prime minister remains in South Africa
Representatives of the Lesotho army denied the fact of preparing a coup to overthrow the government, saying that they acted against the police, which is suspected of trying to arm of political fanatics.
Prime minister Thomas Tabán left the country, saying that the country's army has surrounded his official residence and seized government buildings in the capital of Maseru.
The prime minister took his family in neighboring South Africa, saying that he received the threat of an assassination attempt on his life.
Army spokesman Major Ntlele Ntoi said that was not really a coup, but that the army to respond to a threat from "political fanatics", which police tried to arm.
"What happened this morning is that the Lesotho's Armed Forces took action after receiving several intelligence reports that among police forces, there are some elements that really plan to arm some political, young fanatics of political parties who were prepared to arrange chaos," he told the Voice of America.
A spokesman for the South African government Kleyson Monela said that the actions of the army looked like a coup.
"Although no one has filed claims on the seizure of power by force, all of the reported actions of Lesotho's armed forces at the moment are the main characteristics of the coup," he said.
Representatives of the Lesotho army reported that the soldiers returned to barracks on Sunday, and that in the capital of calm.
Meanwhile, Deputy Prime Minister of the government in the absence of Tabán Motetzhoa Metsing manages.
Tabán said he believes that under siege due to an attempt to fight corruption in the country.
The situation in Lesotho is very hard since June, when the parliamentary session Tabán suspended as a result of the differences in their joint government.
He said that his actions had not undermined the government despite accusations to the contrary.
Chelsea midfielder Marco van Ginkel will spend the upcoming season on loan at Milan, "said Milan Channel.
A 21-year-old Dutchman will arrive in Italy in the coming hours for medical examination.
Last season he came on the field as part of the London club only three times.
Earlier Milan chartered from Liverpool striker Fernando Torres For.
Manufacturing in the eurozone at the lowest figure in 13 months
Output growth in the eurozone slowed to the lowest in 13 months in August, according to a popular study.
The last business index (PMI) for the eurozone manufacturing sector by Markit fell to 50.7 in August, dropping from 51.8 in July.
Value above 50 indicates growth.
New orders stay there for long, and businesses suffered among the growing tension between the EU and Russia in connection with Ukraine.
Values have come before the meeting of the European Central Bank (ECB) on Thursday.
Markets will wait for the bank to a clear plan of how to deal with stopping the eurozone recovery, as well as the threat of deflation, with inflation averaging just 0.3%.
There is speculation that the ECB's chief Mario Draghi later this week may give further signals that he is considering a scheme of quantitative easing for the eurozone, similar to those used by the United Kingdom and the UNITED STATES during the financial crisis.
"Although any growth is better than no growth at all, braking effect of the growing economic and geopolitical uncertainty on manufacturers is becoming more obvious," said Rob Dobson, senior economist at Markit.
Germany's PMI manufacturing sector, the biggest trading partner of Russia in the EU, fell to the lowest level for 11 months 51.4.
In the meantime, the bloc's second-largest economy, France, the PMI fell to 46.9.
France continues to cause real concern, as well as the weakening of Italy from stable growth to stagnation.
Signs that the momentum of growth waned mainly industrial engine, Germany, as well as Spain and the Netherlands, also adds to the confidence, "said Mr Dobson.
The slowdown the industry is most likely still would add fuel to the fire of analysts expecting the introduction of additional monetary or fiscal stimulus.
One positive news was from Ireland, where the PMI rose to 57.3, its highest level since the end of 1999.
Howard Archer, chief economist at IHS Global Insight, said: "the Best that can be said about the August PMI survey of the manufacturing sector in the eurozone, is that it shows that the sector is still growing."
He added: "eurozone Manufacturers obviously find life very difficult at the moment because the current increased geopolitical tension - particularly associated with Russia / Ukraine - adds uncertainty still difficult conditions in many countries.
This increasing tension, obviously, hit business and consumer confidence, in particular, and probably contributes to the fact that some orders are delayed or even cancelled, especially large orders.
He said that "increasingly likely" that the ECB, of course, eventually, will have to conduct some kind of quantitative easing, "although we suspect that it will be limited."
Mariupol residents faced live chain against militias
Until last week, it was all calm in Mariupol - nobody Mariupol People's Republic to organize itself, a city on the Sea of Azov lived and worked.
Now, residents await with horror parish "militias."
According to political analysts, separatists break to Mariupol to get out to sea - was recently taken town Azov Novoazovsk, who until that, too, was not a part of the self-proclaimed republics.
Decided that the Ukrainian army, although will protect them, but she is a bit against a well armed forces representatives DNR-LNR and gathered to help the military.
They dug trenches, build roadblocks and strengthening.
On Saturday night, several thousand people arrived on the eastern border of the city, and stood there in the live circuit, singing the Ukrainian national anthem.
They are going to do the same in the case of the offensive.
Volunteers collect and blocking equipment and products, collect medicines, publishing a newspaper.
In a city gradually closed shops, stop the work of the banks and ATMs.
Ten years of hell for the survivors of the Beslan: Ten Years with a formidable capture school children who were in her still suffer
Ten years ago, more than 1,000 people were taken hostage by Chechen rebels at a school in Beslan, in southern Russia
More than 330 people, more than half of them children, were killed during the three-day test that shocked the world
We returned to Beslan to find some of the victims who blacked out death during the atrocities in school
Exactly a decade later, after the disastrous takeover of the Beslan school, during which killed 334 people, including 186 children, heroically survived catastrophe warned last night about the new apocalypse in Ukraine.
When terrorists, Islamic fanatics, invaded and killed children and parents on September 1, 2004, at the beginning of the new quarter, it seemed a kind of extreme degree possible evil.
The tragedy united the east and west in the dread that amazingly then turned into action and hope for the future in the context of a difficult grief.
Ten years later, we returned to Beslan in southern Russia, to find some of the victims who blacked out death during the atrocities in school.
We discovered the amazing young people who oppose the trouble, although memories of the terrorist hell will live with them forever.
Their greatest hope?
That war, which now afflicts Ukraine in which the same children as they are now.
Girl in the photo is trying to get back into the sports hall
She captured this photo of the well-known Russian photographer Dmitry Beliakova when one linen was trying to get back to the gym after the explosion mines.
At sea, Aida desperately searching for his mother, Larisa, who is now 40.
There were fears that the two they died, but in fact they survived.
"the Woman told me to run, but I couldn't," said Aida then.
My legs were covered with blood.
I got up and climbed back inside to find my mother.
The soldier had picked up and carried her to a safe place.
After a number of operations, she thought that the fully recovered, but yesterday said: "Three months ago, the pain returned.
I'm afraid I might need another operation.
A few pieces left in my knee.
Her goal now is to become a dentist, to help people like her have helped doctors.
"This tragedy has changed my life, but she is certainly not her," she says with a challenge.
"This happened to me, and you can't change this fact.
Once a year I always go to the sports hall to remember all those who stayed there.
My friends and I try not to talk about it to other days.
The pain is too strong.
My best friend, which was supposed to be my, Dzera Gapoeva was murdered there.
We played together when we were young and dreamed that go to school together.
"I don't want to get married until they finish the study and are not going to work.
I'd think about the family then.
She says that capture remains with her, although the memories fade a little every year.
I'm glad that many people in the world still remember about our plight and we are grateful for the help we have received from the people of the Uk and everywhere.
When I see a photo on the Internet, where I in the school window, I think many people will see it for the first time, learn about our tragedy and make sure this never happened.
The boy, who fled through a hail of bullets, believing that his mother is dead
It was his first day at school (Russians are beginning to study in school in 7 years) and went through three days of capture, clinging to their mother Tamar.
Then he was seven, and he said, "My Mother told me to lie down, if there is an explosion, and hold her hand."
After one of the explosions he thought she was dying.
She told him: "Run."
Fearing that she was dead, he ran down the road and saw a crying baby, grabbed the child by the hand and ran through a hail of bullets.
His father, Vladimir, who grabbed his son outside, said: "Damir told me that his mother had died.
He said: "I couldn't save her."
In fact, Tamara climbed to freedom and was in the hospital with wounds in the legs, in turn, thinking that her son was killed.
After their reunion, she said, "I cried with joy.
I couldn't believe it.
He ran and hugged me.
Damir later brought to London (now non-existent newspaper News Of The World), where he was awarded as a Protector of Children from the Barnardo's Prime Minister Tony Blair and his wife, Cheri.
"This horror is returned to you every day, but I would like to remember him, I was able to stop," he said yesterday.
Yet I can tell you that in my memory it is duller.
I remember right after I threw all their weapons.
But now I can play computer games with shooting, and it's not a problem for me.
"I am not afraid of returning to the gym, but I don't think about yourself.
I remember those kids with whom I played in the yard that has not emerged.
We never say that they are killed or dead.
We say that they remained in the sports hall.
I remember my trip to London so well, especially in a toy shop, where I was allowed to choose what I want to, and a trip in the car.
But now he is afraid for places like Ukraine, where war leads to such grief that had he and his friends.
This horror comes back to you every day, but I would like to see I could stop remembering him
"I'm so sorry for all those who suffer from these horrors," said Damir, who last week was involved in volunteer work.
I want to help.
I want to serve in the police ever and I hope that I was included in the training academy in the next year.
His mother Tamara, 48, said: "37 children were killed in our quarter, you can imagine?
I remember the horrible silence immediately after the capture, simply had no children, that would be shouting and running around, and the silence continued for many months.
She vividly remembers his trip with Damir to London.
People in London cried when I told our story.
I realized then how people on the other end of the Earth can understand our feelings can provide support.
She was grateful to "Cheri Blair and her fund for the award and the opportunity to go to London in the autumn of 2004.
I would like to call it the most - and simply say that 10 years have passed, but I still remember a meeting with her and her husband in London and how they helped Damir and me.
I remember how, when Damir wanted to eat, they rang up all the local Russian restaurants.
I remember how he played with the waiters in the restaurant, Damir shot at them from his water pistol, and they got and played with him.
And only a month has passed since our nightmare then.
I was shocked by the fact that the British were so willing to share our pain and to support us.
She said: "I think that this world was no better for those 10 years.
Now in Ukraine there is a war, people die every day, and I think a lot of children were killed and will be killed.
This is simply the same children as ours.
I think for many people the war is a news report that they listen to when they get bored or when they are in the middle of something else.
I just know that these people feel the horror of this.
And I can't stop to feel it.
Nothing has changed, people still want to kill each other, and it's so sad.
Damir grew up and became very soft and quiet boy, he's not aggressive and not evil.
He is not looking for revenge, for example, he is not fixated on the past the dread.
I know that he does not like to remember it, but they are very close with six classmates, and they go to the gym from time to time and have lit candles there.
When he was younger, he suffered from this - I remember when he was lying on the couch and away from us, for hours.
Did not sleep, his eyes were open.
I also remember how he threw all his weapons and other military toys. Damir now 17, he is superior to me, likeable, smart and healthy.
It is hard to believe that a few hours I was so sure that he is dead and that I never see more.
When I was able to recover from the explosion and stood up on their feet, I glanced around, I saw the hell around himself when parts of bodies were lying everywhere.
I was absolutely sure that it is impossible to my little boy was able to survive this hell.
"I remember what I shouted to him:" Damir, run, "flee" powerful one, but again I was so sure that he didn't hear me.
But he heard and ran off.
So life for us continues, unlike so many others.
George Ilyin, 17 years
The boy whose shocking photo after capture became a defining for the Beslan tragedy
Peace: having witnessed Beslan George Ilyin with his mother Fatima after capture in 2004, and to the right of George today
On his face was a bloody imprint of fear when they flee from death when Chechen terrorists shot his classmates.
His photograph was one of the most shocking symbols of barbarity in Beslan.
His mother Fatima, 54, the chief physician, took him to school on the first day of the study before I take eldest son Vladimir University.
"I was two minutes before the terrorists ran into the yard, so my little boy was left alone on a three day nightmare," she recalled.
Not quite one, there was a family of our relatives, but all of them were killed.
Only my George managed to survive.
The closer the date, the harder it may be to think and talk about it.
There is not a single day when we don't remember this tragedy.
We don't think it's been a long time ago, I think it happened yesterday, some scenes of these days all the time, right before my eyes.
No one would never forget, I promise you.
Good soul: a photograph of George (left) was one of the most shocking images of the attack and was memorialized in the sculpture (right)
I remember that George so I wanted to go to school that day, said he wants to hug a teacher.
I only found out that he was alive when I saw him on TV.
And now even has a sculpture of crying George in San Marino.
George doesn't like to look at this picture, and she was buried in a book closet we have at home.
I understand, but I also think that with this photo, people from all over the world feel our pain.
George says now: "it Is Important That This never happened.
"I doubt that we will ever learn the truth.
People continue to investigate such tragedy and never learn the truth.
Now they investigate this collapse of Boeing in Ukraine.
Will we ever know what it was called?
This world is something very bad.
"I can't understand how it happens, because if you ask people, no one wants a war, as this is going on?
Ten years is nothing for this pain.
We need to have passed dozens of years to little to forget it.
It affected my health and I still feel it.
About three or four years I have vivid nightmares because of the takeover, but now better.
I returned to school later in 2004, I was very scared every day.
I thought about my friends and Friendster that were killed.
That's why I keep going to the gym before each September 1.
I want to pay tribute to the memory of my old childhood friends.
I find it difficult to enter the gym, but I must do this.
I don't feel like a victim, this story is a part of my past now.
I didn't forget about it but I don't feel pity for yourself.
My life continues.
I graduated from high school this year and entered the Medical University.
I'll have to learn to become a.
My first choice was to go to the army.
I wanted to be a soldier, but health is not allowed to me.
I wanted to fight for my country but this will not happen.
George Farniev 20 years
The boy, who survived, despite the fact that he was at the feet of
Incredible: George Farniev was at the feet of during the capture, but still he managed to survive
During the capture, he was photographed in the sports hall sitting next to a bomb at the feet of.
Indeed, it is a miracle that he was not killed.
"it seems to Us that it was yesterday," says George, who wanted to learn from the intelligence officer in the FSB, but couldn't because of the damage that was caused by his health during the capture.
It's still with me, it's not something that I left behind.
I am older now, and say that children can easily cope with bad events - I must say that this is not true.
"IN 2006 I worked with psychologists, and I felt a bit better after that, but I can't forget it.
And I would like to forget.
In 2005 - for the next year - was the first and last time I went into the gym again.
I lost consciousness.
I would never go there again, and please don't ask me to show you where I sat on this famous photograph.
Alive: George Farniev today with an open on a laptop photo themselves in hospital after seizure
My pain is enormous, and I wear it every day.
My friends know that I don't like to think about it or discuss it, and they never asked me about my school.
As for the physical state I was healthy.
I need to be careful with the knee, which was damaged, but now I walk normally.
But health has not allowed me to go to study at the Academy of the FSB in St. Petersburg, as I wanted to.
I sent my documents, including medical reports, and they replied that it's impossible.
My second passion was animals, so I went to the Veterinary Institute.
I studied there for two years.
He learns to treat all animals "from cats to cows."
He said: "I know that I never will talk to their children about their experiences.
It's not what children should know, and, of course, is not what they need to survive.
His mother Marina, 42, said: "The pain never leaves me.
She is in my soul is worse when the anniversary approaching.
I will go and I will attend the ceremonies will be held to mark it.
I know that George will not.
For him, it must be even stronger, because he was there, and I'm not.
I was waiting for him at home and couldn't help.
I am so grateful to God that He Came Back to Me Here in Beslan print lies on each.
He remains with us.
George is now an adult but this nightmare is still with him.
It is difficult to accept when something is so terribly unfair, happens to you.
He was a boy, he loves sports, but he can't do this because of the knee.
He had several operations, he can walk, but he can't play sports.
I would say that he was 50% overcame this nightmare, but it is impossible to fully overcome and forget it.
This eerie experience will remain with us.
Many friends and neighbors have been killed during the capture, and this only strengthens my pain.
I lost a lot of people I knew well and who were the road to me.
My son with me, and this is the best gift that God could I do, but my heart aches for those who were killed.
I know of a family where the new children are born, but I know and widows who never married.
It's hard to accept that life goes on even if you don't want to.
I'll never forget how heart out of my chest at that moment when I saw him in the hospital.
Now I look at what is happening in the world - war in different regions.
These people are fighting for?
Why do they kill each other?
War is very close to our country now and I could hardly believe it.
We were a close-knit country in the past, as it so happened, that we are fighting now?
Men and children are suffering, I am sure, many children have already been killed in Ukraine, and many will be killed.
If it were possible to capture all insurgents and throw - as far as possible.
Alyona Tskaeva, 10 years
The baby, whom touching claimed special forces soldier in a safe place
Salved: Alyonu Tskaevu carries in a safe place, the Russian special forces soldier (left).
Now her ten (right), and she didn't remember about crime
The world stopped breathing in 2004, when a small Alyonu ruled on the hands of the occupied a school in Beslan, Russian police.
Terrorists released her, but with cruelty left her three-decade-long mother, decade-long Sister Cristina and brother Machares in the sports hall of the school.
Machares who was then three years saved but Alyoniny mother and sister were killed in the deadly carnage.
Her father, Ruslan has since married again, and with his new wife Svetlana has a young daughter, which he called Christine in memory of her daughter, which he lost.
Alyona, now ten, remembers nothing about the capture and flourished in a pleasurable and clever girl, say neighbours.
"They're a big happy family now, and Alyona and Machares - both beautiful children," says a close friend.
Ruslan is a great father and wants to keep them away from all the memories that marked the tenth anniversary.
It is possible to understand why.
Midfielder Shinji Kagawa, who returned from Manchester United in Dortmund Borussiyu "," noted that he is looking forward to once again be able to get on the field in the form of a German club.
He said that this transfer is a happy event in his career.
Of course, I am very pleased that I will play again for "Borussiyu, Bild Kagavy words.
I feel very good.
Full of positive emotions and look forward to when I get out on the field again in the form of "Borussii."
Recall, Kagawa MOVED TO MANCHESTER UNITED from "Borussii" in the summer of 2012 for 16 million euros.
But he failed to gain a foothold in the composition of the English club after two seasons of all 38 matches in the Championship in England by scoring 6 goals and 8 assists.
A man accused of on a girl go » « pelican in Fife
Came from a man appears before the court on charges of on a 3-year-old girl go « Fife » in the Pelican.
Gordon Stewart allegedly knocked the girl on the transition in Nyuke Pittenvine in the East.
Prosecutors alleged that Mr Stewart was their Audi Q3 without due care and attention and abused the girl, and as a result she got injured.
Stewart, 78 years, from Anstrutera, denied their guilt Sheriff Court in Dundee.
Sheriff Charles Makneyr royal lawyer appointed court date for January.
Obama, Merkel and Hollande not in Vladivostok
Vladivostok Airport Duty Free store has posted a sign banning shopping at this store for a number of the world's political leaders.
Not them with spirits, vodka and cognac.
The store's administration decided that US President Barack Obama, GERMAN Chancellor Angela Merkel, French President François Hollande, Vitali Klitschko, Yulia Tymoshenko, the prime minister of Japan and a few other famous friends cannot vodka, cognac and spirits in their store.
And appropriate sign on the door.
Earlier, Obama received the ban on appearance in even less accessible on the sort of service - Dietary TABLE OF MOSCOW State University, told the website catering establishments.
If an American president was cherished dream ever to eat in a cafeteria diet in Russia, is not known, but the authors themselves explicitly bans seem terribly.
Does the cheese after the embargo: Medvedev gave his advice to farmers
Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev says that in the context of the embargo Russian farmers need to develop new technologies to allow the release of popular among buyers of varieties of cheese.
The council was given during a visit to the enterprise "Yugptitseprom" firm "Agrocomplex."
The prime minister also gave the restaurateurs too to refocus on the Russian meat, the quality of which is at an appropriate level.
Annual embargo on food imports was introduced in Russia since August 7.
Russia's national team head coach Valentin DecaNation Maslakov is satisfied with the outcome of the tournament.
According to the expert, the third place is a good result given the lack of targeted training for competitions.
Our athletes were at their level, "leads" The Whole Sport for "Maslakova.
The third place is a confirmation of our high enough team level.
It is nice that the advantage of the French and even the Americans over us is minimal.
You have to take into account the fact that we are not prepared for these competitions.
The season is over and we did not require our leaders to take part in the match DecaNation.
In recent years, we were second at this tournament, but this season we have updated the team.
The French, on the other hand, put fighting team, including 13 champions of Europe.
They did not hide his intention to win this year, which repeatedly and publicly declared.
But even such a composition of Masters competition failed to stand up to the Americans.
That is why I believe that the Russians have acted in such a representative of the company at a good level.
But the results in some species have been much lower than on the same "Diamond League".
The season is completed.
Of course, the athletes are no longer so important result, more so in team competitions.
The main thing here was - place.
As a result, I agree, it's down to the absurd, when 1,500 meters men are so fond of tactical intricacies of running that showed the result of below average... women's doing.
4 tips on how to achieve better quality of underwater photos and videos
If you want to take pictures or shoot video under water before you a range of options.
The cheapest option is to waterproof "point and shoot", for example, the Nikon Coolpix AW120, or, for example, the GoPro HERO3 + Silver Edition, both of which are sold for about $300.
I made these images on a family holiday with the help of a few cameras, all costs about $350.
No matter what equipment you use are a few rules you need to abide by in order to achieve the best results.
Their equipment.
Even if you have a waterproof camera, make sure the camera battery and other departments closed tightly.
In addition, set up their camera for the type of photos or videos that you will withdraw.
Some photo and video cameras have regimes shooting or the type of object that optimise exposure to become underwater conditions.
And before you jump into the water, look at how deep your equipment can fall.
Some cameras are only 5 feet, others - 50 or 60 feet.
Look at our buyer's guide and ratings for digital cameras for both traditional and waterproof models.
Remove a few frames - because many of them don't get.
The "auto" is the LCD, which will help you bring the images, while they are usually not.
Even if you have LCD, it will be difficult to see under the water, and the layout of the frame is a random process.
So do a few frames.
Also, if your camera has a serial shooting mode, which removes several frames with slightly different exposure settings, take it.
Stay near the surface.
The amount of light is significantly reduced, the deeper you under water.
If possible, stay near the surface, when you take in the pool, the river or the ocean.
It also allows you to transmit more colours in the photos; the deeper you go, the less color you will see.
Closer to the objects of the shooting.
It's a great tip for shooting on the land, but he has become even more important under water because of the light conditions.
Especially important if you're shooting on: This equipment often equipped with fixed, lens, which means that you have to get closer to shooting, if you want to fill the frame.
The 2012 Olympic Games bronze medallist in freestyle wrestling Bilal Max can go into the struggle.
Dagestan's national team head coach told Sazhid Sazhidov freestyle wrestling.
The specialist did not rule out participation of an athlete at the world championships in Tashkent in September 2014.
Bilal Max is currently collecting "classics," leads "Sazhida Sazhidova R-Sport" words.
Indeed, according to Yunior Bilal acted and in both styles.
At the Youth World Championship 2005, he became the winner of the tournament top-ten wrestlers and the third prize-winner competitions and decided to concentrate on freestyle wrestling.
There were calls for a long time, that a new stage of his career, our martial artist will hold in Greco-Roman wrestling.
I will say more: Max can act at the world championships in Tashkent - if wins.
But the decisive word always for the coaching staff, led by Gogi Koguashvili.
Andrew Lawson was such a man, whose force of personality could shake all around, even in such a giant organization like the National Health Service.
Anesthesiologist, he devoted his career to rid patients from suffering illness and flours treatment.
Among those who spoke to him, recalls his wife, was the Mi6 officer who had to live with the devastating consequences of torture.
Lawson knew that as long as doctors are being diagnosed and diseases, those who are being treated, mainly worried about something else entirely - pain.
Once in 2007, however, he appeared to those who began to suffer.
"I didn't feel, as usual," he wrote in May last year.
It was hard to find the strength within themselves.
Fighting with symptoms similar to flu, he found that irritably reproaches his wife, Juliet.
"I want it all happened sooner rather than later," he said.
When Juliet left for a week, Lawson found that he is unusual and it is not clear why the upset.
Something was wrong.
He asked a colleague to make a chest X-ray.
Just two weeks earlier he went skiing in the French Alps.
The results of the X-ray came.
It was mesothelioma, an incurable cancer that affects, or membrane the lungs.
For most cancers, it is difficult to find out the exact cause.
Although some smokers develop lung cancer, for example, not all lung cancer patients who smoked.
But with attributable differently.
In almost all cases, the cause is contact with asbestos, construction material, who once called him a "miracle," but which is now known to have fatally dangerous.
For most of us mesothelioma is a disease that can be ignored.
Asbestos, after all, is the material of the past.
The most dangerous type of asbestos is not used in the Uk since the 1960s when recommendatory industrial ban came into force.
Even when it has been used, only people from specific sectors worked in close contact with him:, builders, carpenters and dock workers, for example.
Industrial toxin from another era, he is hardly seen as a cause for concern today.
But such a calm is mistaken.
Britain, it turns out, is now at the peak of the epidemic.
Here from kills more people than any other country on the planet.
In the annual mortality rate of approximately 2,500 people, more than twice as many people die from the disease than as a result of automobile accidents.
The annual number of deaths from since 1980 and the projected number of deaths in the future in the Uk
The reason why we feel his death consequences now, is that, although the use of asbestos has been illegal for many years (all types of asbestos were eventually banned by law in 1999), to develop the are usually tens of years.
And attack is not limited to the veterans specialties of industrial construction.
Asbestos was, and in many cases, the remains, laid in the house where we live, where we work, schools, where we learn, and shops where we go shopping.
As a result, mesothelioma pays no attention to the class, the level of prosperity, profession or age.
Bastions of, from the fashionable London department stores to private schools, as it turned out, not salvation.
Parliament building is riddled with asbestos.
Even the hospitals that are designed to treat us have reservoirs of this deadly carcinogen.
Andrew Lawson was not old.
He was not.
Actually, he had to think about where he could come into contact with asbestos.
Then he realized.
"It Seems that there could be a lot of asbestos in tunnels Guy in the hospital where I spent six years on an internship," he wrote.
All are students, nurses, doctors and lad - have used these Tunnel.
I wonder how many of my peers are ill the same disease?
It was a question which, unfortunately, he could give a partial answer.
"Of the four doctors, who are partners in Hospital Systems and who have subsequently developed mesothelioma for the past five years," he said in a letter in 2010, "I for one is glad to be alive."
How many of us are ill with the disease?
Andrew Lawson mesothelioma was diagnosed when he was 48 years old.
When he died on 17 February this year he was 55.
To live so long is unusual.
Fifty percent of patients attributable to die in 8 months after diagnosis.
She is always fatal.
So now we can only repeat a question to Lawson: "How Many of us are ill the same disease?"
According to a leading expert on in Britain, Professor Julian Pit most likely suggest that between 1970 and 2050, when epidemic in Britain must come to an end, dies of about 90,000.
Most now do not represent what will die in this way.
Mine in Quebec, Canada ALAMY
A quick review of reports from the halls of the court, where victims are often seek compensation, shows how far spread attack.
This June, for example, Marks & Spencer admitted that by Dzhenis Ellen have contact with asbestos.
She worked as a network for nine years, from 1978 to 1987, directing the Departments of clothing on two objects, one of which was the main shop on Oxford Street.
Mrs Ellen was just 18 years old when she began working at M & S.
Now she has two children over the age of 20.
"Before this happened," she says, "I never heard about, I barely knew about Asbest.
I never could have imagined that this will affect me.
Few people really know much about Asbest.
In fact, asbestos is not one substance, and a group of six minerals.
They got its name from the word "" which means the fibrous structure which gives them the strength and flexibility.
Of these six, three are often used in construction.
Chrysotile, widely known as white asbestos, much more often than other meets in buildings today.
It has been used in roofing panels, floor tile, pipe insulation, boiler seams, even in the braking car stocks.
He is less than other forms of asbestos, but it is still recognized by the European Union and the World Health Organization "serious source of harm, which can lead to death.
More dangerous, however, brown asbestos () and blue asbestos ().
Britain was once the largest importer of brown asbestos in the world, and experts suggest that "there are good, though indirect reasons to believe that this is the main reason for the exceptionally high number of patients with attributable [In The Uk]."
Marks & Spencer worker was exposed to asbestos in the main company shop on Oxford Street, London, Alamy
Ellen might not have thought of themselves as a typical victim but work Julian Pit suggests that her story is far from unusual.
He conducted a study of patients, which suggests that "a significant percentage of when there is no known impact at work or at home, were most likely caused by exposure to asbestos from the environment."
Much of this impact, he says, is "a common use and exposure to the weather" on our building.
No one, it seems, cannot be sure that he is safe.
Goddard Consulting report, which suggested the Westminster Palace, demonstrates how people, even in the heart of government, may have been exposed to unconsciously.
In 2009, Goddard said that technical mines and pipelines for the premises of parliamentary committees have been infected with asbestos, lethal fibres which could be set in motion something as harmless as "strong flows of air."
Members of Parliament are often accused of pursuing their own interests, but in this case it seems that the opposite is true.
Although The Maintenance Of Parliament insisted that Westminster Palace received a "clean bill of health", now it's recognized that they needed to do the work on the £1 billion for the reconstruction of the parliament, improved electrics and removing asbestos, and that after the general election 2015, members of parliament, will meet in the Qe2 conference centre nearby, but not on the green benches to Westminster.
Goddard report noted that "the situation with the asbestos was not in accordance with different rules."
It is impossible to know whether this error management cost lives.
All you can do now is wait.
One of those who failed to reveal its contact with asbestos, is Graham Abbott, a doctor in general practice.
As Andrew Lawson, Abbott, 50 years, suspects that he was exposed to asbestos when he worked in hospitals.
"I worked at the hospital, which has also faced claims related to asbestos," he says, "But I can't prove this in my case.
It's so hard to remember all the places where he worked, and dates.
He remembers clearly is the day in early December 2009 when his wholly overcame something that looked like a flu.
He was 45, and he was in the middle of an operation late in the evening.
Suddenly I was the beginning of the past year.
It started very quickly.
I felt terrible.
I thought I would not be able to drive all the way to the house.
As a doctor, Abbott knew that pain comes from, shell around the lungs.
However, like Dzhenis Ellen, he just had no reason to suspect.
In the end, he could not walk to work a month.
Puzzled doctors were doing chest X-rays and placed Catheter to pull fluid from the lungs and send her a couple of times a week.
And yet his condition without a diagnosis.
Gradually his health has improved and he returned to work.
But from time to time the same symptoms returned, often after he was involved in sports, and he breathed heavily.
In 2011, one of the patients Abbott came to him in the waiting room with similar symptoms, and he was later diagnosed with mesothelioma.
However, even then, Abbott was not associated with its own case.
In the end, his patient was decades older and worked with asbestos directly.
The connection was obvious in this case.
In September 2011, Abbott condition deteriorated again, and his doctor showed him the results of CT and X-rays to a panel of experts.
In December 2011, exactly two years after Abbott, began to feel ill, the sensor, equipped with a camera, was put into his chest cavity between Shell and Shell its light.
I am an optimist.
I usually just go further, "he says.
I'm not too upset about it, frankly.
But Rachel, my wife, was.
The result of the biopsy came in the week between Christmas and New Year: "they told Me That It Was mesothelioma."
Graham Abbott: diagnosed with mesothelioma
Suddenly Abbott sank into the meeting with Macmillan nurses, one of whom suggested he contact a lawyer.
It was then that he realised the scale of the epidemic.
"It Turns Out that the asbestos was widely used, especially in large public buildings, where quite often was thermal insulation on pipes," he says.
People who have been exposed to asbestos in these buildings now succumb to the disease.
Thus, mesothelioma now affects more young people in unusual professions.
The most dangerous isolated asbestos pipes in hospitals were in basements, so it is unlikely to hurt patients.
But many employees who were on pedestrian tunnels to get from one building to another (as Andrew Lawson) or ate in the basements of Table (how often did Graham Abbott) almost certainly really were exposed to toxic substances.
For several decades after the war, it turns out, the hospital was a place where, theoretically, saving lives for, but a place that constituted a threat to life for doctors who treated them.
His still continue to remove today.
Students set their burners Bunzena ON STAND
And it's not just the hospitals.
Asbestos was often used in offices, shops, libraries and Ţinutul Mării because of their amazing insulation and fire-resistant characteristics.
Schools too.
In fact, many, most likely, for the first time were exposed to asbestos in the classroom.
Across the country, at the countless lessons of Chemistry, pupils fixed their burners Bunzena on pedestals.
There are websites catering especially to the attention to the problem of asbestos in schools.
Meanwhile, in our homes, such harmless things as floor tiles or the roofs of the sheds are usually contained asbestos.
"This is an industrial poison, laid down in a huge number of our buildings," notes Andrew Morgan, a lawyer who represented Andrew Lawson in a case against the hospital, Guy.
In one case, the only contact that she could remember the patient, a woman, was the destruction of the garden shed in the 1970s.
So be careful, garden sheds.
The effect of the diagnosis, when it is known that the disease is incurable, is enormous.
"to realize this, it takes quite a lot of time," says Graham Abbott.
I returned to work and tried to continue, but realized that I couldn't focus on what I do.
I spent two weeks in surgery.
Then I realized that I would have to go and find out.
Well, I am no longer a meeting of Christmas
One of the most difficult things was the transition from the position of a doctor in the position of a patient.
As countless patients before him, he remembers, was confused with the volume of information that had to be taken.
"It Was Difficult to understand everything," he says.
"I asked my doctor," How Many Do I have time? "
They gave me about 12 months.
I remember I thought, "Well, I'm no longer meet Christmas.
That's all. "
Mesothelioma is particularly dangerous, as it is the mechanics of how we support life - the very act of breathing - causes cancer, which kills.
Most cases are caused by contact with asbestos.
Asbestos is composed of tiny fibers.
When asbestos is destroyed and the fibres are inhaled, they can get stuck in, shell of the lungs.
Annoying and asbestos fibers can cause mutations of cells.
"the Problem is due to the inhalation of asbestos fibers of the needle," Professor Tom Trezher, surgeon, who came to the hospital in 2001, Gaia.
Is the hospital, where, as suspected, Andrew Lawson, he was exposed to asbestos, now, ironically, a leading treatment center.
Knew Lawson and treated some others who may have been exposed to while in the hospital.
When the needles are asbestos in the lung tissue, says Trezher, "breathing them out to the periphery, where the shell.
That, in its essence, invasive process from the very beginning.
The usual options to treat other forms of cancer is much less effective when.
The effectiveness of surgical intervention, for example, is a hot debate.
Some think it's worth a try.
Does not agree.
"it Is Impossible To Cut" he says.
It is impossible to approach around her with a knife.
Meanwhile, the cancer is "not very well to chemotherapy," which "acts", but not people.
"From Time To Time there are patients who live a long time," says Trezher.
But in the end, they all die.
Fortunately, some patients are living much, much longer than expected.
Writer Stephen Jay Talents died in 20 years after he was diagnosed.
Two and a half years after diagnosis, Graham Abbott continues to fight.
After he fell ill attributable, Andrew Lawson Abbott learnt that, four years after the diagnosis, single-handedly turned into a desk, support and consultation for the same patients.
"Allo, Cancerous Central," he said cheerfully when they called.
"He was very positive," says Abbott.
He was diagnosed with 4 years ago and he is still very energetic.
First Abbott offered six cycles of chemotherapy, which would take four months and would have extended his life only a month.
"I was in despair," he says.
I wanted to give up.
Lawson, however, managed to give everything a few more positive coloring. "
Meeting with several specialists, Abbott decided to continue treatment with Professor Loikom Lanzh-Lazdunski, professor of thoracic surgery at Guy's Hospital.
"we HAD the advantage that I don't need to, I just called them and they took me," admits Graham.
Patient would have had to get the direction and approval for funding.
Money plays a decisive role for patients with attributable to get the best available treatment.
However, when such treatment, finally, inevitably turn out to be ineffective, many patients are faced with a financial reason for concern "about the future of the families that they will leave.
And then they turn to the courts for compensation.
Andrew Lawson contacted Andrew Morgan, of Field Fisher Waterhouse LLP.
"it Has Been known that asbestos is bad for health, since 1898," says Morgan.
But that changed in the 1960s, is that it became clear that even very small amounts can expose health risk.
It was then that talk about bad companies.
Andrew Lawson and Guy's Hospital, ultimately, resolve the matter, but this was not a "settlement on the full price," according to Morgan, as Lawson could not categorically prove that his mesothelioma was a result of exposure to asbestos at Guy's Hospital.
After the investigation into his death, a spokesman for the hospital, Guy still confirmed, however, that the "asbestos in its basement, mentioned above, was removed in the 1990s."
It was too late for Andrew Lawson.
How to remove asbestos
In fact, tie deadly contact with asbestos to one company or place of work - usually through dozens of years after that - turned out to be a big problem for patients with attributable, requiring compensation.
Many of their former employers have replaced the owner or closed.
Insurance archives could be lost.
And those who are protected from lawsuits, know that time is on their side, which the plaintiffs, of course not.
In response to a serious new legislation passed this year that make it easier for patients with the process of recovery attributable to compensation, even if their former employers, it is impossible to trace.
In accordance with this law, was created by the £fund of funds, which is financed by the insurance industry, for those of you who was diagnosed after July 2012 and who can prove the contact, but who could not find anyone to sue.
In such cases, patients will receive 80 percent of the amount that the court could award in the usual case for compensation - around £120,000.
About 300 successful claims under this scheme are expected to be every year.
Andrew Morgan, like many who work with patients with attributable, believes that the £350 million are a "very good job" for the insurance industry.
"It's a deal written by companies for insurers," he says, hinting that the sum is a quarter of that insurers would have to pay if they didn't intervene as the time period and sick with attributable could track the company and file a claim in the usual way.
Even Mike Penning, previously minister of labour and pensions, acknowledged that the law is "imperfect."
However, Penning, and Morgan acknowledged that, while seven people die each day, rapid action was needed.
"People suffer so much, and they need help now," said Penning during the second reading of the Bill in December last year.
By the time Graham Abbott was in the hands of Professor Loika Lanzh-Lazdunski 19 months.
After the initial consultation Lanzh-Lazdunski recommended surgery, which, unlike the Volume Trezhera, he believes to be effective.
This was followed by radiation and chemotherapy - triple therapy isn in which Lanzh-Lazdunski boasts a whole 40 percent of patients surviving for five years.
Abbott felt a surge of strength.
"This is, of course, one of the most important things," says Abbott.
You see this in patients all the time.
There is a force that supports you.
When you give up, the condition can deteriorate very quickly.
Graham Abbott went to the surgery in March 2012.
By the end of August he finished last of six cycles of chemotherapy.
Subsequent scans have not shown and a trace of the disease.
Then I had a scan in March [2014].
There were a few spots [cancer] in my chest.
I just had to be 50.
This is not a threat to life.
This is the end of life.
And again, Abbott went through the six cycles of chemotherapy.
Now there is no trace of tumors.
But the process is both physically and emotionally heavy.
It is possible to think about practical things - about finance, when I die, for example, or to show his wife how to work the timer on the big PRB.
When you get bad news, become a bleak.
We need to look forward.
As a father to Ellie, 16 years old, and Temzin, 14 years old, it's not always easy.
"It is difficult for a parent," he says.
It's hard to understand what to say and how much to say.
When I was first diagnosed, I told the girls that I have a disease, which means that I shall not live for old age.
They reacted very differently.
Very sociable and energetic.
She told all your friends, and to us very quickly call many.
Ellie was more low-key.
She didn't say much.
Such talk is something than have to encounter sick with cancer.
But for patients with such discussions is not attributable to Point Hope, even opportunities to survive.
This disease is a (even as, in the end, for Steven Jay Gould) the grim certainty.
As Andrew Morgan says, "mesothelioma does not constitute a threat to life.
The bodies of the Pharaohs dimensions in the tissue.
Asbestos fibers are used to strengthen and improve the pans.
Pliny the Elder describes the asbestos.
Now invented a painting that is not enkindled.
I've seen it made from napkins, smouldering chimneys on the feast
Modern commercial use of asbestos Begins in Italy, where it is used to make paper (even Bills) and tissues.
Large mines opened in Canada and South Africa, and soon after that, in America, Italy and Russia.
This is the perfect for steam engines and turbines of the Industrial Revolution.
Global production of asbestos is more than up to 30,000 tonnes a year.
Statistics from Prudential reveal premature mortality among those who work with asbestos and which consequently denied life insurance.
Nellie Kershaw dies in Rochdale.
Dr. William Cook shows that particles of asbestos in her lungs "were no doubt the primary cause of death."
This is the first case of this type.
Employers Kershaw, Turner Bros Asbestos, did not admit liability.
Compensation is not paid.
During the Second World War has been intensively developed shipbuilding, one of the most deadly professions in terms of contact with asbestos.
A voluntary ban on the import of industrial blue asbestos
The Court of Appeal confirms the first successful lawsuit about the harm to health caused by exposure to asbestos, In The Uk.
Global production of asbestos grows more than to 4213000 tons a year.
The UK imports 139,000 tons.
The executive committee on health and safety in the Uk requires that all contractors working with asbestos, received a license.
The import and use of blue and brown asbestos is prohibited by law in the Uk.
All use of asbestos is prohibited in the Uk.
Act adopted in the Uk.
Compensation Scheme of £350 million declared.
Asbestos is banned in more than 50 countries, but white asbestos is still used in cheap construction materials in many parts of the world.
Global production is approximately at the level of 2 million tonnes a year.
China refuses to give Hong Kong the right to choose leaders; the protesters swear revenge
China's parliament adopted a decision Sunday not to allow Hong Kong voters to nominate candidates for the 2017 elections, despite the growing demands for democratic reform.
Such a move is likely to start a long promised protests in downtown Hong Kong as activists have begun planning and mobilization in a few hours after that statement.
The decision of the National People's Congress, in essence, allows the Communist leaders to remove all the candidates who are not loyal to Beijing.
"It's not our expectations, but still leads in rage," said legislator Emily Lau, chairman of the Democratic Party.
This is not what Beijing promised.
They lied to the people of Hong Kong.
And it is obvious that we are dealing with an authoritarian regime.
Defending the decision of China, Li Fei, the deputy secretary-general of the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress, said that to allow national standing for the election of Hong Kong's leader, it would be too "chaotic."
Since 1997, when Britain handed control of Hong Kong back to China, Beijing promised to allow the residents of the region to choose the head of government by voting, starting in 2017.
Chinese leaders have presented Sunday's decision as a democratic step forward, since it gives a direct vote right; however, the decision also makes clear that Chinese leaders continue to hold in their hands, with the help of the Commission for the nomination of candidates, rigidly controlled by Beijing.
And, according to a new article, only candidates who "love the country and love Hong Kong" will be allowed.
The decision was taken after the summer, when there were some of the most massive and widely publicized protests in Hong Kong for many years.
For a large part of a campaign in Hong Kong Is Returned To Central With Love and Peace movement, whose organizers have threatened to shut down Hong Kong's financial district, if Beijing does not guarantee genuine universal suffrage.
On Sunday evening, a few hours after the announcement, hundreds of supporters Returned To Central gathered in the rain in front of Hong Kong's government headquarters.
Demonstration organizers claimed that their movement is moving to a new phase of civil disobedience and that they would be on the waves of protest in the next few weeks.
Nevertheless, they have not reported the details, apparently seeking to avoid problems with state authorities.
In organizers reported that the movement "opportunity to capture the central district only as an exceptional measure, action that can be taken only if all the possibilities for dialogue have been exhausted and there is no other choice.
We regret to inform you that today, all possibilities of the dialogue have been exhausted and the capture of the Central District will undoubtedly take place.
State authorities in Hong Kong were preparing for Beijing's statement a few days, and on Sunday at the headquarters of the government were strengthened security measures involving police and barricades.
At the heart of the unrest is the feeling of many in Hong Kong that they slowly lose control of their own city.
The influx of residents from mainland increases competition in the field of goods and services.
There are also increasing fears that Hong Kong's values, such as democracy and freedom of speech, are starting to weaken under growing pressure from Beijing.
Some have criticized the movement Returned To Central, saying that his demonstrations are putting at risk the business - the lifeblood of Hong Kong.
"the Protest, which they say it could lead to large economic losses, depending on how many people will participate, and for how long," said lawmaker Regina Ip, which has long been critical of the movement.
We do not want to spread anxiety that Hong Kong gets out of control.
This is a view that is harmful for investment.
Chinese State MEDIA also gave reports in recent days, in which people from Hong Kong's Democratic Movement activists were shown Saboteur aberrant anatomies by Western powers.
This summer, activists organized an unofficial referendum on electoral law, which has involved more than one fifth of Hong Kong voters 780000 participants.
And in July, tens of thousands took to the one of the largest demonstrations in the history of the region.
The American culture of Balls comes to university life: for freshmen offered arrive on personal plane
We are happy to respond to such demand by launching the first Uk luxury travel service for current students.
To leave a memorable impression of the arrival at the university, the company also offers transportation options such as a private jet, a Rolls-royce Phantom, Aston Martin or Mclaren P1.
Mr Stewart also said that service thought about security.
This service is a perfect alternative for students who usually have to carry their belongings across the country in dangerously strained machine.
Combined with our new options for VIF, we look forward to how to help students get to university this year with a minimum of effort and a maximum number of luxury.
A spokesman for the company said that, since the service just launched, orders have not yet received, but added that "the students begin to book this service in the next few weeks."
The company also said that despite the fact that students need to pay for education is worth £9000 a year, she still hopes to find a market for this service.
The current students are quite different from the students, 10, 20, 30 or 40 years ago, in terms of expectations and hopes: more important than ever to make a good first impression, and VIF - exactly what to do.
However, the National Union of Students criticized this service as an organiser comes from reality.
Megan Dunn, vice-president of WEALTH TAX on Higher Education, said: "This project is incredibly taken away from the lives of most students.
Many students, who this month will begin to study at the university, faced with the crisis, cost of living, when the available financial support in the form of loans and grants fail to keep up with rapidly rising costs on basic needs, before they can even begin to think about how to remove the thousands of pounds on something like a simple arrival in the dormitory.
Feminists raise the issue of racial identity and behavior of the police after Ferguson
The unarmed teenager was killed by a police officer in Ferguson, Missouri, earlier this month.
They raise their hands, chanting: "Hands up, don't shoot," as long as they wait in line during the funeral.
After two weeks of protests in Ferguson, Missouri, related to the killing of an unarmed teenager Michael Brown, blogger Patriarch Zoilus of Alexandria Miriam Perez noticed the shift among white feminists.
In her experience, white feminists, comments put gender ahead of the race, when it comes to promoting reproductive rights and income inequality.
However, as the growing tension in the Midwest and attracted nationwide attention, Peres saw the answers of white women who focused 100 percent on the race.
Compared with the reaction of black women shortly after the killing on 9 August, personal essays with such titles as "thoughts about Ferguson on behalf of white women" and "Feminism is not just about internal repression of women" appeared relatively late.
But for Perez, they demonstrated a significant shift.
"IN feminism, I don't think there are many people who talk about white skin and privileges on such a high level," she said.
People feel the need to say something about what happened.
This is a very symbolic for the crisis we face, and because (the situation in Ferguson) is so tied to the race, they felt it necessary to specify.
For a professor of English at the University of Ohio Kority Mitchell Ferguson revealed the problems that black American women face every day, but that are not perceived as "women's problems" in the cultural sphere.
"I can write something funny on Facebook about what was going on with me and my partner, and get 150 likes everywhere," says Mitchell.
When I write something about how the colored people are attacked in their own country, silence stuns him longer.
"Why Are Women Safe to publicly speak about the relationship, but not about the security in the public sphere?" she asks.
For black women, like Mitchell, who studied the issues of race, gender and sexuality in the history of the UNITED STATES, there is no dichotomy between the issues concerning race and gender.
From her point of view, black women are in a position to clearly distinguish these problems; they are faced with a complex reality every day.
While white women are now piecing together the issues of race and gender in feminist Mainstream, Angel Khetteri, professor of women's and Gender Studies at George Mason University, says that their predecessor did the opposite.
"Between 1865 and 1890 for years, at least 10,000 black men, and the reason for this is almost always served to rape white women," said Khetteri.
What was needed was a white woman, confirming the story to justify the lynching.
From the point of view of Khetteri, the gap between white and black women occurred when white suffragists, like Susan B. Anthony looked at the situation in the late 1800s, and saw that the fight for suffrage will be effective only for one of the groups: women or blacks.
"They made the decision to put all their eggs in the basket of voting rights for women, and the right to vote for blacks was supposed to appear at a later date," said Khetteri.
A look back at things like this gives us a clear idea of why women of color don't trust white women.
We have not done anything good.
We never helped black women to protect their husbands and sons.
Even after women won the right to vote in 1920, it took ten years to white women united against mob lynchings in the Women's Association for the Prevention of mob lynchings in the South.
The group appeared nearly 40 years after the black women for the first time asked for help, said Mitchell.
From the point of view of Mitchell, the rise of the reactions of white feminists on the problems arising from the situation in Ferguson - police behavior, racial discrimination - reflects a time when White a feminist had to "catch up" problems that black women cope in several generations.
"the Truth is, it would be great if a militant, who have that kind of [traditional] ideology, would seriously to the right to raise the child as they relate to the right to contraception?" asked Mitchell.
Second wave feminists who have made careers in the fight for reproductive rights and access to now begin to understand what it means.
The famous white movement activist Gloria Staynem two weeks after the killing of Michael Brown took advantage of strong Feysbukom and published an article Guardian Rebecca Carroll, which demanded that white Americans took more participation in the protests on issues of racism.
"I hope that women who have a different but similar reason to understand the danger of its body - and points of view on racial issues, which are substantially different in surveys of the public - will be led by the change," wrote Staynem.
Although Staynem is responsible for more feminism, which includes and issues of race and gender, her comments about race in America that still surprise some.
American Enterprise Institute researcher Christina Sommers, author of "Who Stole Feminism?," she told She The People that young men in the United States, especially colored young men "are far more vulnerable than their sisters" but Staynem Ferguson contradict criticism about it early before.
We now have hundreds of special programs for girls and young women, but almost nothing for the boys.
However, when the White House recently launched a small program, "The Watchman to my brother," to help the vulnerable black and youths, followed the angry reaction from many feminists, including Gloria Staynem.
Police relationship with the black community is not the only problem, advanced line of traditional feminism.
After THE UNITED STATES coast guard arrested about 63000 unaccompanied minors at the southwest border of the country this year, immigration reform again came to the surface - this time as a problem with women.
Andrea Mercado, co-chairman of the We Belong Together, an organization that mobilizes women in support of immigration reform, said that in order to apply this problem as important for women, she should have to share stories of immigrant women.
"They speak for themselves," said Mercado.
When the vast majority of work visas are issued [] women who come to them are in positions vulnerable to domestic violence and exploitation.
"These stories find response from women's organizations," she said.
House "with Life" sold
A photograph of the house to be sold in a Rental, real estate agents, had been removed, when it turned out that it consists of a large pig, a golden glow in the living room.
For sale for £120,000, a separate one-bedroom house is on a private road in Ipsviche.
A detailed description of the photo was living at home - which was depicted the pig with a head, on the couch.
Connells estate agency reported that the pig is an animal dies of the owner of the home.
"However, the photo was posted by mistake and has been removed," said a representative of the company.
In a detailed description of the house, Connells described former house meetings as a "unique a one bedroom house."
Despite the fact that the agency deleted a photo from his Web site, it still persists in promotional materials.
The sale of the House has raised interest in social networks, where some asked whether the pig sold along with the House.
Russian tennis player Maria Sharapova, the match of the fourth round US Open Carolyn Caroline Wozniacki., believes that it lacks stability.
According to the athlete, she wants to finish the year well and try to go to a new level, reports from New York Vasily OSIPOV.
How would you overall evaluate their results "Grand Slam" tournaments this year?
Of course I'm glad that managed to win at Roland Garros Still. "
As for the other three tournaments, I didn't have enough stability, particularly in the CNBC of some matches.
Now I certainly upset.
It has not been able to reach even to.
What are the tasks put in front of him until the end of the season?
After defeat I have a huge motivation to go to a new level.
I have work to do, and I'm going to do whatever it takes to properly complete a year.
The Asian tournament series starts in a couple of weeks.
A member of the State Duma Committee on Physical Culture, Sports and Youth Affairs, former world champion Nikolai Valuev proposed for the implementation of the TRP norms to give bonuses to enter universities.
He said that, in general, the regulations will be the same as in Soviet times, "people will take to raise their standards, running and other exercises.
As a reminder, the 12 subjects of Russia will start to implement from 1 September TRP norms on its territory.
I also offered to students who passed the TRP, give bonuses to enter universities, "said Valuev.
For example, you can add a little bit of POINTS TO USE THEM.
There are also proposals to give extra output to employees of companies that passed the data to the sports tests.
In the city of Harvey in the South Wales has a new millionaire after winning the lottery
The player lottery of Harvey this month.
We are looking for a new millionaire in the southwest from Perth, where one lucky take home nearly $1.1 million from the lottery draw on Saturday evening.
Newsstand in Harvey brings the gold in the grand prize for the second time in five years, last winning $1 million in November 2009.
However, the lucky winner has yet to claim.
Shop owner Steve Striker said the win caused a commotion in a small town southwest of Perth.
The whole town is talking about it, and everyone is very excited.
We thought that such a win would be secret.
Eight winners from Western Australia celebrated winning the main prize last month, noting the completion of several successful weeks for players.
Last week, the player from Kenning Wael became one of five millionaires in August, following a huge $Belmont win pairs of just a few weeks before that.
Winning a couple of plays for more than twenty years and said that the win gave them an opportunity to travel the world and buy a new house.
Harvey brings the number of millionaire who had won the main prize in Western Australia to 59 this year, with total winnings of $85 million.
The ministry wants to accelerate the growth of the market for electric vehicles
This week the Ministry of Economic Development will make the government a comprehensive plan for the development of clean vehicles in Russia, told the deputy director of the Department of the Ministry of Oleg Pluzhnikov at the roundtable, which spent Vedomosti at the Moscow motor show - 2014.
The plan drawn up on behalf of the government, one of the main goals is to reduce greenhouse gas emissions.
It is expected that the document will be adopted in late September and early October, says Pluzhnikov, proposed measures to deal with electric vehicles and hybrids - fuel vehicles on the development plan in Russia already has.
The plan (a copy of Vedomosti) is designed for 2014-2017.
To develop electric and hybrid vehicle evaluation criteria and decide how to stimulate the use and production of environmentally friendly vehicles.
A report to the government, which will be covered by tax and customs measures in support of electric transport, will be prepared by December 2014; concessional lending scheme and the privilege of leasing will appear by April 2015; and proposals to reduce the price of cars, to encourage localization and service infrastructure to be developed by October 2015.
In the 2014-2015 "is expected to make changes to the regulatory legal acts to ease conditions for building infrastructure charge (on the car parks, petrol stations, etc.).
In addition, federal officials plan for 2015 to formulate proposals for regional authorities to also stimulate the use of eco-friendly transport - in the form of giving him advantages when driving and parking, for example; and by February 2016 - and suggestions about the expansion of the state.
Finally, the Ministry of Economic Development by October 2014 will bring in a list of indicators to assess the work of regional authorities criteria, reflecting the effectiveness of support for the production of non-polluting transport, the development of the infrastructure charge.
The market for electric vehicles in Russia is still only formed in 2013 across the country sold about 100 electric vehicles.
At the beginning of 2014 import duty on electric cars, so sales will be approximately 500 pieces, predicts, chief executive officer of Mitsubishi Motors in Russia, Andrey Punk.
But Pioneer Growth does not make any noticeable electric cars: in 2013 in Russia, according to the Association of European business, sold 2,78 million cars and light commercial vehicles.
Until electric cars imported to Russia only Mitsubishi Motors.
To start importing is preparing Renault - the company is focused on corporate clients, Renault's director of strategic planning and partnerships in Russia Nicolas Remiz.
Most of the other manufacturers of electric transport took a wait-and-see stance towards Russia.
The development of electric vehicles and Russian producers - "" Gas, "" but the issue is trivial.
For example, in January - July 2014, according to the "ASM-kholdinga," Avtovaz released 30 electric vehicles.
Demand is low because of the cost of electric vehicles, Avtovaz engineering director acknowledges Sergei Aman, without state support a breakthrough in this segment will not....
The development of the Russian market of electric vehicles in addition to the cost of cars (those electric cars that are sold in Russia, on average, twice as much as analogues with internal combustion engines) stations charge poor infrastructure is holding back (a few), sighs Sergei Tselikov Avtostata general.
Because of the cost and the low rate of reduction in the cost of electric cars in the next 3-4 years remain segment of the Russian market, predicts chief editor Mikhail Avtorevyu Podorozhanskiy, Tselikov agrees with him.
Manufacturers, by contrast, say that some models of electric vehicles are already close to the cost of ordinary.
The Russian market of electric vehicles are good prospects, the important thing is to instill confidence in consumers that "" real; this, in particular, will contribute to the emergence of new charging stations, underscores the president Wolfgang Shlimme BMW Group in Russia.
Such infrastructure projects, for example, the state-owned company "Rosseti": in Moscow built several stations, soon there will be about 80.
Negotiations to build a network of filling stations are conducted and with other regions.
According to the director of the department "Rossetey Sofina Vladimir, the Company believes the market of electric vehicles and is ready to build gas stations across the country, but there are problems: a small number of electric vehicles in the country and the lack of a single standard for charging different brands.
In addition, "Rosseti" as a network company are not allowed to engage in the sale of electricity, the possibility of doing it for charging electric vehicles.
Punk believes the most effective measure the government formation in Russia of the market of electric vehicles intended to customs duties.
Zero rate will act before the end of 2014, the company is exploring the possibility of its renewal, extending the preferential list.
Replacement transport tax on ecological (the idea is discussed and relates to all cars), too, will support the market, but not as noticeably as customs preferences, says Punk.
Vehicle tax in Russia is small, says Punk, unlike, for example, from Norway, where the tax cuts led to a sharp rise in sales of electric vehicles - now account for 12% of the market.
Russia needs and stimulus measures for car owners, such as free parking in the centre of town (as it has done in Moscow), I am sure Punk, or the ability to move electric vehicles on dedicated lanes, which Russia does not.
A private plane crashed in Colorado
The single-engine Piper PA-46 aircraft crashed in the U.S. state of Colorado.
Three of the five people who were in it were killed Tuesday.
Survivors delivered to hospital.
The accident occurred a few kilometres from the runway of the airport of the city of Denver.
Now established the causes of the tragedy.
In Donetsk Oblast understand with prisoners militants battalion "Donbass".
Possibility surrounded under Ilovayskom.
They were devoted to their own commanders and dozens of security forces died under fire.
Those who survived say that if they knew what is really the situation in the south-east of Ukraine to fight not to go.
108 prisoners can be called Longshot.
Punisher of the battalion "Donbass" remained alive after the "slaughter" into which they fell under Ilovayskom.
Surrounded by the Army of the People's Republic of Donetsk militants spent a few days actually abandoned by their commanders and authorities of Ukraine.
When staff reported that of the "Ring" can be out by allegedly provided by the corridor, the column has moved.
But literally after a couple of minutes from all sides booed shells and bullets.
"Judging by the information that they gave me, we had a corridor, we were allowed to go," said Acting Deputy Commander of the battalion, having call-sign "Lermontov."
And when we are between Mnogopolem Chervonoselskim descended and started caught fire with anti-tank guided missiles with "" grenade launchers, automatic guns AIRBORNE ASSAULT VEHICLES WOULD BE small arms.
There were four cars ahead of me and back three, in the end, there are only two machines.
An officer with the reserve "Lermontov" tells: almost immediately at least 60 people were killed and dozens were injured, many died already then.
The last militants now provide medical assistance to those whom they came to kill.
Now prisoners are surprised that the so-called "terrorists" were treated well, given food and medicines.
While their own commanders actually lied to them and committed to certain death.
We were simply, "they say.
A column of the whole battalion to her destroyed.
In the battalion "Donbass", like many of his comrades, He acted as a volunteer, in Ukrainian news spoke about the atrocities that allegedly had been in the southeast of the "separatists".
Already here, Alexei saw a very different picture.
When his mother was killed - and not someone else, and the Ukrainian military.
I have a friend called, said that the mortar fire that it is likely that the Ukrainian armed forces, "says one of the soldiers, Alexei.
After that, I wanted to leave the battalion.
We were not allowed out of the Ilovaisk, said that we are in the ring.
I had already been with the commander, the report has already been written about the care.
US with fees with Ilovaisk Zurakhovo immediately took in.
He said prisoners "pot" Ilovayskom stuck more than 300 people.
Now some survivors admit that if it were possible to turn back the clock in Punitive Battalion they never ever entered.
All prisoners handed over to the security militias DNR.
Each check on involvement in war crimes.
In the region created headquarters to limit prices for products
In the Krasnoyarsk Krai created headquarters, which will limit the rise in prices for the products on the market in the region.
A decree to establish this structure has already been signed.
Members of the staff were members of the government, the representatives of the executive and supervisory agencies.
All together, they will keep an eye on the prices for agricultural products in the region.
Lead the Economy - whether Kiev Will Pay Rosneft $140 million of losses?
The head of Rosneft, Igor Sechin, said that the company assesses the damage from shelling Lisichanskogo REFINERY in Ukraine in the $140 million.
He said in an interview with Spiegel.
"We assess the damage of $140 million and will negotiate with the Ukrainian government to pay compensation," Sechin said.
He said that the commissioning modernized by Lisichansk REFINERY was made in 2014
However, the part of the plant was destroyed by the Ukrainian artillery.
"There were no fights, there were no" insurgents, "but the Ukrainian artillery destroyed part of an industrial facility.
In addition, there was a technological oil, in the pipes, "he said.
Recall, on July 18, in connection with the oil storage tank Lisichanskogo REFINERY FIRE burned down and destroyed the building of two warehouses.
Lisichansk REFINERY is the main oil refinery in Ukraine, the first of the enterprise was commissioned in October 1976
Total power Lisichanskogo REFINERY is about 7 million tons of crude oil annually.
The plant is capable of producing fuel Yevro-4 "standard" as well as the party of Diesel Yevro-5 "standard."
In March 2012, the supply of oil on Lisichansk REFINERY has been suspended in connection with his.
At the plant, it was decided to start the repairs.
A year later, Rosneft has received Lisichansk REFINERY along with other Ukrainian assets of Tnk-bp.
North Korea made the launch of a short-range projectile toward the Sea of Japan.
According to South Korean MEDIA, it happened about 10: 30 a.m. local time from Chagang Province province, which is on the border of North Korea and China.
As told Interfax in South Korea's Joint Chiefs of Staff Committee, supposedly, the missile fell into the Sea of Japan after it flew about 220 kilometers.
The ruble falls against the backdrop of geopolitical pressure
The dollar has risen on the Moscow stock exchange opening for 3 kopecks to 37,15 rubles, the ruble dropped to basket against the backdrop of geopolitical tensions.
Dollar trading at UTS started transactions within the boundaries of 37,11-37,2 br / $1, on average, two minutes rate recorded at 37,16 br / $1, 4 kopecks higher than the previous closing.
The euro was 48,79 rubles for 1 euro is 3 kopecks higher than the previous closing level.
The price was $42,395 basket added 3.5 kopecks and rub.
The U.S. dollar is traded at 23 kopecks higher than the official rate, the euro - 16 kopecks higher than the official rate.
The Russian market on Friday, August 29, continued the rapid decline, but there was no panic this time.
He went on to become cheaper and the ruble and even updated the historic maximum of the dollar.
Now investors are already deterioration of the geopolitical situation in advance and possible new sanctions to Russia.
However, as long as it is more like a faux hysterical, overblown BY THE MEDIA, particularly the western.
Variants of the introduction of new sanctions to RUSSIA are not so many.
Teletrade "At the opening of the Moscow Exchange a sharp weakening of the ruble continues against basket.
The geopolitical background remains the determining factor.
However, if in the near future we will see a new negatives, and Russian indices, and the positions of the national currency can.
"Orenburg Airlines" will sue "Ideal-turom"
"Orenburg Airlines charged" Ideal-turu "claims totaling 4.7 billion rubles.
It is about two things, the meeting which will be held in October.
Consider the case will be different judges.
As reported by the Interfax News Agency, the first lawsuit was filed on August 14.
Its sum of slightly more than 425 million rubles.
Meeting him is scheduled for October 7.
The second statement was submitted on 18 August.
His sum 4,24 billion rubles.
The meeting is scheduled for October 2 on it.
According to the journalists in the Russian Union of Tourism, judges for assigned different.
In July, the MEDIA reported debt "Ideal-tura" before "Bought" a total of 1.5 billion rubles.
The airline's general Victor Zyukin says about the amount of 1.6 billion rubles.
General Vitaly Savelyev calls an even greater sum - two billion rubles.
Twitter tried to become more interesting for new users
Microblog service Twitter changed the registration process for users to quickly engage new participants in an active interaction with the platform.
This measure should reduce the number of microblogs their people.
Now new Twitter users will view during registration a large number of service accounts to make your circle of reading.
The recommendations are based on the specified during the registration of interests.
At the same time, Twitter automatically sets the check on the subscription for all automatically selected accounts.
Because of this, the user will have to choose to take Sake, not to read those who are not interested in him.
If the users of the service also saw only avatars recommended users, Twitter now displays a sample of one popular blogger tweets to help make an impression on the man.
This is the biggest change in the registration page Twitter over the past three years.
Recently, Twitter is actively working to upgrade service.
Such activity is connected with the ongoing attempts to reach break-even service.
In 2014 the service also faces a slowdown in the growth of the user base, and the fall of the activity of the readers.
The company is currently desperately needs more loyal resource for consumers who, by time, would remain for a long time.
The only way to ensure a stable stream of advertising funds.
The Day of Knowledge in Moscow will be and rainy
The first of September, in the Moscow region throughout the day will be cool and rainy, according to meteorologists.
Temperatures in Moscow will be 16 to 18 degrees, in Moscow - In degrees.
Under cloudy weather with clearings places will be rain, wind, eastern quarter will be quite weak - just 3-8 meters per second.
Car recycling program was 1 September
From September 1, Russia renewed action programme of recycling cars.
Until December 31, 2014, will be allocated for these purposes 10 billion rubles.
As explained by the head of the RUSSIAN Has Denis Manturov money allocated from the limits that have already reported to the Ministry of Industry and COMMERCE by redistribution from other areas of support.
The program will be implemented in all vehicles older than six years.
The amount of compensation will be from 40 thousand for a car to 350 thousand rubles per cargo.
Earlier, Russia already has a similar program of recycling cars.
The main difference of this project, the minister said, is that now it is not only recycling machines to obtain further discounts, but also an opportunity if the car had reached the age of more than six years, to buy a new discount upon completion of the old "" Dealer, Interfax News Agency Reports.
The previous federal recycling program, strategies for acquiring from January 1, 2010 to December 31, 2011, was spent more than 16 billion rubles.
Thanks to her, the level of passenger vehicles in 2010 was about 1.2 million units (this plus 101,4% compared to 2009).
The creator of Coming Out Simulator will release a game about modern journalism
Nikki Cayce, the famous Game Coming Out Simulator decided to release a game about modern journalism.
He told me about his project in an interview with The Kill Screen.
Cayce began work on the game a few weeks ago, however, the well known this fact was only now.
A source of inspiration for the game became an event in Ferguson where there are now protests that began after a police officer killed an unarmed black teenager.
The focus of the project, which still has no name, will be how the news coverage of the stories will affect their consequences.
Hero of the game, a civilian journalist, will need to take pictures of what is happening in areas where there is a clash between the police and the population.
The hero can photograph what is happening in different ways that will affect the course of events.
If he will shoot a scene so that the police will look like heroes, and protesters - bandits, the police will treat him better and let where normal people go through.
If he's going to cover the events differently, his photos can turn a peaceful protest into a riot.
Points in the game will need to gain with the help of Twitter hero, which will appear in new subscribers, if photos posted there would be popular.
The game still has no name.
Release date and platforms on which it appears, are unknown.
There are, however, published an image showing how the event could change depending on how the photograph taken and processed about it.
In an interview with The Kill Screen Case explained that he considered the concept of such a game for a long time, but initially wanted to dedicate her PROTESTS IN THE UNITED STATES, and the events in Gaza.
After he started collecting material for a game realized that he lacks the knowledge and skills to cover the history of the region.
However, when he saw how the media cover the events in Ferguson, he decided to make a game based on what had happened to him.
Nikki Cayce is an independent developer who produces the browser games.
The most famous of his project became Coming Out Simulator, released in 2014.
This game, which talks about the events of the biography of the Case itself, is devoted to the bisexual teenager trying to tell about their relationships homophobic parents.
Pulls Ukraine in the continuation of the bloodshed
A call to prepare for another "tens of thousands" of victims of the Minister of Defense of Ukraine Valery Geletey draws people in the continuation of the conflict, THE RUSSIAN FOREIGN MINISTRY said in a statement.
"IN Moscow, of course, drew attention to the pronouncements of the head of Ukrainian Defense Minister Valeriy Geleteya, who said" the completion of the operation to liberate the East of Ukraine from terrorists "and the beginning of the" Great Patriotic War ", the loss of which would number in the" tens of thousands. "
The degree of the adequacy of the defense minister of Ukraine, on his page on Facebook mentioned the Post, is a subject for research specialists not in the military sphere, "said the message from Russian diplomats.
They find it difficult to believe that such statements may belong to the defense minister of a civilized state.
On his page on Facebook, the Minister of Defense of Ukraine wrote on Monday: "According to unofficial channels, the Russian side has already threatened several times that in the event of a continuation of the resistance they are ready to use tactical nuclear weapons against us."
He said that "the operation to liberate the east of Ukraine" is completed.
Perez Hilton removed all the intimate pictures of stars and apologized
Today, the horror hit more than 60 stars of Hollywood.
Hackers broke the primitive passwords you (Data Warehouse) in smartphones, after which their intimate pictures appeared on the website Blogger Perez's Hilton.
True, not for long.
As a reminder, the official representative of the stars of "The Hungry Games," Jennifer Lawrence has already reported theft of pictures from her mobile phone do, and also confirmed that all the pictures that "Shine" on the Network is genuine.
Perez Hilton is the creator of, apologized to actress Jennifer Lawrence and her colleagues for the publication of their explicit images, writes The Independent.
No, nobody forced me to do that.
Their agents were not with me.
And now I delete the candid photos of Jennifer Lawrence and Victoria Justice, "wrote a blogger on Twitter.
However, all sexually explicit photos of stars already had gone across the Network.
David Beckham was involved in A TRAFFIC ACCIDENT away from the paparazzi
David Beckham was involved in A TRAFFIC ACCIDENT on a motorcycle to escape the paparazzi.
This happened in Los Angeles at the turn on Sunset Boulevard.
The British player jettisoned Bruise and stretching the muscles of the right hand.
Beckham came out of where the paparazzi were waiting for him.
From their persecution on a motorcycle, he did not deliver on the turn and dropped, TMZ wrote, referring to the close to sources.
As a result, Beckham got a contusion, stretching the muscles of the right hand and scratches.
Tony Stewart crashed back on track
The return of Tony Stewart on the track ended already slightly more than in the middle of the race at Atlanta Motor Speedway.
Stewart hit the wall a second time after his right front tire to explode on 172 circle, putting an end to his performance.
Stewart brought his car to the garage and then left without talking to journalists.
The head of his team Ched Johnston said 14 members of the team are frustrated, but now focus on the race next weekend in Richmond, Virginia.
"I would like to have been more successful attempt and more successful finish for him," said Johnston.
We go to Richmond and hopefully we get there the better.
Stewart first hit the wall earlier in the race Sunday evening after a collision with Kaylom Bush that required repairs to the right side of his car.
"I started today with a rather large hope successfully to win," said Johnston, adding, "Simply did not happen."
Shortly after the second accident, the machine Stuart was put on a tow truck, and the team gathered and was ready to leave.
Stewart missed three NASCAR Sprint Cup races after his car hit and killed another driver during a race on a dirt track in upstate New York.
He decided to return this week, and he had to win or in Atlanta, or at the following race in Richmond to take part in the Persecution.
He returned to work during the investigation of the tragic incident, which killed 20-year-old Kevin Ward Jr., who came to the track to express dissatisfaction with the Pretender during the race.
Law enforcement agencies reported Friday that trial the causes of the accident will continue for at least another two weeks.
A decision on whether An charged was not accepted.
Extraordinary champion was met with loud applause up and when he was presented before the race.
Having started from 12th position, Stewart walked in the first 10 at the beginning of the race, come up to the fourth position.
Then on lap after the restart the Bush number 122.
The machine had 18 with the trajectory of 2 and hit Stuart, both cars into the wall.
Stewart continued, but had dropped to position.
Sobchak Vitorgan breakfasts and cigarettes with Zhvanetsky in Odessa
Ksenia Sobchak and Maxim Vitorgan are now in Odessa, what about this was to inform his Instagram.
However, one picture is very surprised and rather fans of the pair.
The image was made at Zhvanetskogo.
"everyone from Mikhail Mikhalycha Zhvanetskogo Maxim Explains What:)) # Odessa" - signed photo Ksenia Sobchak.
However, apart from the cigarettes on the table, nothing is present.
No coffee, rolls, butter and other things...
Fans of the pair decided that Ksyusha also smoke, and condemned her for it.
"cigarettes whose?," Smoking Kills! "" Gives one cigarette for breakfast), "" Like everyone at the table only cigarettes))), "" Ksenia, You also smoke? "- the parents were sorely distressed for his pet, subscribers to her blog.
Recall recently Sobchak boasted what delicious dinner for the first time in his life has prepared her Maxim Vitorgan.
"when you reach Schaste-eto at his dacha, and husband to your arrival and cooked dinner (for the first time in the act, but what to now at the end of the dinner, said pages of the joke:" so now, every day, "boasted her husband Ksenia Sobchak.
This photo shows that Maxim something eagerly prepares and on the table already submitted pickles and roasted chicken.
Bulgaria's Prison officers conducted a national protest
Hundreds of prison officers from all over the Country held a national protest in front of the Ministry of Justice in the country's capital, Sofia.
In the course of peaceful demonstrations, they repeated their demands to return the previous working conditions that have recently been changed.
Wage increases are also included in the list of requirements that will be discussed with temporarily acting Justice Minister Hristo Ivanov.
Within a month, the officers expressed a symbolic protest against the new graphics work, demanding to return the previous shifts.
Despite the fact that the Prison Officers Union has repeatedly met with representatives of the Ministry of Justice, the agreement was not achieved, reports the Bulgarian National Radio (INDEPENDENCE).
Talks are continuing, said the head of the Main Directorate of the penal system INDEPENDENCE Zhelyazkov Rosen.
It is expected that the union to protest prison officers will be joined by members of the Federation of Trade Unions of Employees of the Interior Ministry.
The army controls Thailand's new government
General Prayut (right) appointed to the post of defense minister Pravita Vongsuvana (left)
Thailand's military ruler and prime minister General Prayut Chan-Ocha announced the composition of a new cabinet of ministers of a country in which more than a third of the positions are held by generals or retired generals.
Representatives of the army got key posts: ministers of defense, finance, foreign affairs and trade.
Monday Prayut Chan-Ocha was officially appointed prime minister after that, as the King of Thailand has officially endorsed the appointment of the head of the interim military government for the post.
60-year military, usurped power in the country in a bloodless coup on May 22, was the only candidate as prime minister.
He was elected prime minister at a meeting of the parliament.
Earlier, the Army appointed deputies of the parliament.
Prayuta Chan-Ocha said, a coup was the only way to maintain stability.
He was preceded by demonstrations which lasted six months, during which protesters demanded the resignation of the government of Prime Minister Yinglak Chinavat.
Officially Prayut Chan-Ocha will be the interim prime minister, because the military is planning to hold a general election in late 2015.
But there are fears that the military is trying to consolidate his power in the country.
The military came to power on May 22
Against the background of the complete paralysis of civil power.
Leaders of the main political parties have been subjected to the provisional arrest.
Right after the arrival of the military power they have temporary arrest of the country's leading politicians, including Prime Minister Yinglyk Chinavat.
Some journalists were also detained and public figures.
The current political crisis dates back to 2006, when the army shifted from the post of prime minister Yinglyk Chinavat brother Thaksin.
Both of them are popular among the rural population, especially in the northern areas of the country that don't just provide them to electoral success.
However, many members of the middle class and metropolitan elite entered the movement that since November 2013 almost paralyzed the country.
Nobody said that salad mussels will be better I don't promised waitress from New Palm.
We have to formally recognize that this is true, but the mind and stomach remain adamant.
In fact, all known for a long time: we say "Belgium" - mean mussels, we say "mussels" mean "Belgium."
Restaurant operators love to claim that the success of schools depends on three factors: location, location and location.
There are such places, located not that good, even great, but any La Chèvre.
In short, taking out the Palm, I remembered that once upon a time, there was a "small Town" (in honor of the same TV shows), then "Its" and even "Beaujolais" and beer "Friendship."
Now the pub again here, but no longer, and Belgian.
Above the ground is only the tip of the iceberg: the bar and a couple of tables, all the rest of the space is devoid of even the hint of sunlight.
But here, as in the Children's Room: red, yellow and green walls, colorful chairs, instead of windows - TVs, where swim.
Belgian institutions in St. Petersburg for a long time is not a novelty, so that comparison is.
There are eight types of beer on draught (260-300 rubles per 0.5 liters) and countless bottled (170-1550 rubles).
Waitress fun presents the menu, saying that "hearty large mussels, and it should be noted: it is the service, despite some drawbacks, is the positive side of the Palm.
The menu is expected in content, but often very suddenly on execution.
Well, who, for example, is given to predict that Wallon meat loaf with prunes (cooked about 2 hours) (280) - in fact, carpaccio, a fact so thinly that the parchment paper compared with him seem matter ugly thick.
Feel any taste can be only if time.
With salads, the case is even worse.
Classic Liège (260) it would be considered a crime against the Belgian people: some iceberg, once the potatoes, Kenyan beans, bacon and chips plus reality pickled onions.
With such Liège salad don't want to meet anyone!
The composition of the ingredients of Belgian salad was partly to others, but the impression was not positive.
If cherry tomatoes or surprisingly could still close your eyes, why mussels look as if his life had to freeze and boil them several times!
After all, I already know: there are quite normal mussels!
They are served in a sauce of your choice "in" 490-560 rubles (0.5 kg).
Half a dozen sauces, that of the white wine, celery and carrots, frankly not wondered.
Vegetables and aroma is absent, and whether there was wine, remained a mystery.
But good to Meidias Painter as Fritha sounds with homemade mayonnaise.
Chicken stew Waterzooi here - not, dense to such an extent that, depending on the mood you can decide the first or the second dish before you, but simply a nice creamy way.
It was announced that a local chef prepares a rabbit in beer sauce, and said nothing about Rosmarinus.
The situation has proved to be diametrically opposite: Rosemary all.
The impression that this rabbit when life fed exclusively why meat has acquired such an aroma.
But at the same time, the faster the rabbit with wonderful - no, just an excellent pear in.
Waffles in Palm offer not only sweet but also hearty - with beef, chicken or bacon and cheese (220-280).
The maple sauce turned out to be unnecessarily and wafers.
But table manager very informally asked lunch impressions.
It means you should come again.
The MICEX climbed above 37 rubles to the dollar on the news about the upcoming West of new sanctions against Russia.
This is a new historic record.
The dollar estimates "Tomorrow" by 10: 29: 00 rose 26.9 kopecks and totaled 37,02 Ruble, euro rose 30 kopeks to 48,73 ruble, according to data of the Moscow Exchange.
Basket grew by 28 kopeks to the level of the previous closing and cost 42,28 ruble.
Before the Crimean events the dollar reached peak on February 19, 2009 - then he cost 36,43 ruble, and on March 3, 2014, he was already 37,005 ruble.
On the night of August 29, the White House said that President BARACK Obama and German Chancellor Angela Merkel discussed the possibility of introducing additional sanctions against Russia.
The weakening of the ruble is enduring, and paired with the euro, and paired with the dollar.
The long-term forecast suggested that mark, "says Senior Analyst" Code Word "Anna Bodrov's Film.
All that has to do with Ukraine in one way or another will be reflected on the courses.
As long as this continues, investors will respond.
Today, rumors about the invasion of troops not confirmed nor on the one hand, but the market was very emotional.
All the talk that he was resistant to such news yesterday were.
A week, according to forecasts of a specialist, closes near those levels - 36,90 and 37,05 ruble per dollar.
The tax period ended, oil prices are weak, politics, sanctions, the issue of gas transit via Ukraine - all the links of the same chain.
The officer also projected inflation: at current prices for the autumn will go from 5 to 10%.
Soon, moreover, are seasonal vegetables and fruits, and there will be a vacuum until the networks are being reoriented toward other suppliers.
"the Dollar went up to around 37 rubles, passed it and returned to the back, some powerful hysteria is not present," said head of analysis, Opening markets, "Broker" Constantine Harmonization.
Still will be watching whether to enter on Saturday promised sanctions as will meet NATO.
The rouble, he says, dramatically decreased after the end of the tax season, then went to the news in Ukraine, moreover, the CENTRAL BANK last week said that before the end of the year is completely transferred to floating and refuses any currency interventions.
If you look at the swing of the day, it is no different from the previous ones during this month, all have spooked it is the mark of 37 rubles, "analyst.
And so, in terms of turnover, nothing powerful did not happen.
Worrying times for the currency market were, I would like to remind you that at the end of January, there has been an increased demand for the currency, as well as of March, when the CENTRAL BANK shipped a record amount of currency.
In UFS IC See and the positive side of the weakening of the ruble.
First of all, it is the growth of revenue from exports, as well as increasing the competitiveness of the domestic manufacturers at the expense of more expensive imports, says Chief Analyst UFS IC Alexei Kozlov.
Negative points include the price of imported goods and services.
Sharp fluctuations in the Russian currency to significantly reduce the attractiveness of investing in the Russian economy, cause rising inflationary pressures and, as a consequence, are the reason for the rising cost of borrowing money, which in turn slows down the country's economic development.
If we are talking about the stock market, the rouble's depreciation somewhat ameliorate the decline in stock prices, expressed in rubles.
For example, the MICEX Index during trading Thursday, fell by 1.67%, and the RTS Index lost 3.27%.
Such a significant difference in the relative size of declining indices is explained by the weakening of the ruble during the day more than 1.5%.
The weakening of the ruble is an emotional character and explains the mass desire to buy the currency.
In practice, gradually emotions go on and quotes the ruble partially or fully restore lost positions.
"We Believe, soon we will be able to see the correlation between the dollar and the Russian currency is near the level of 36 rubles per dollar," said Alexei Kozlov.
Genetic disorder often incorrectly diagnosed
British females reported that she spent many years thinking that dies after incorrectly delivered the diagnosis.
Katherine Rogers spent much of his adolescence, thinking that she left to live just a few years after she was diagnosed with another disease.
In fact, she had a disease Sharko-Mari-Tuta (ShMT) is a group of inherited disorders that cause damage to nerves outside the brain and spine.
A charitable organization CMT UK reported that the wrong diagnosis - a common problem among people with ShMT because so little is known about this condition.
At approximately 23,000 people in the Uk supposedly has a ShMT, which can cause motor symptoms such as muscle weakness, uncertain gait and toes.
Patients may experience numbness or pain, and the condition is not cured, and progress, which means that the symptoms are aggravated with time.
When Rogers was 13 she thought suffers from Fridreykha (AF) -- a condition for which the prognosis was very poor.
Rogers thought it was going to be chained to a wheelchair by the time she is 18 and die before she is 30.
The mother of two children, now 51, said: "as a Child, I knew that I can't do that.
Each day I fell and I have everything took more time.
I could never go on roller coasters or skateboard with other children, and like a lot of me in school because I went and run.
Rogers said that, when she was 13, after several operations to release returns tendon and straighten the foot, she looked into the health card, when her doctor went out of the room, and it was written that she AF.
"I felt guilty because popped the nose where they should not, and so I said no, but I returned home, found information on this condition in the library and wrote in the Association of AF," she said.
When I received the information in response to, I was shocked and had the most awful panic, only what is possible.
I thought I would be in a wheelchair in the 18th and die before I turn 25, and that I gradually lost all their abilities in this period.
I went through this one and I own funeral.
She said that by the time she was 17, she realized that her ability to walk has not deteriorated as much as she thought about it and asked her doctor.
He just got up, embraced me and said, "My dear, I don't think you have the disease, because you would have been in a wheelchair."
I think you have something that represents a much smaller threat to life.
After several genetic surveys, she found ShMT.
"When he explained what ShMT, I thought that pulled the lucky ticket," she said.
The British charity organization ShMT announced a month ShMT information to try to draw attention to this disease.
The tax burden on entrepreneurs in the Washington zone is growing as the economy recovers
Economy means more customers, more sales and new jobs.
It also means higher taxes.
Accounts on the payment of taxes on the state and local level for companies across the country, moderately increased in the last year, when the economic recovery has accelerated, according to a new study, published last week, and the company in the Washington area is no exception.
The company in the District, Maryland and Virginia collectively paid $27.6 billion in the coffers of the state and local level in fiscal 2013, 3.8 percent more than the $26.6 billion collected in 2012.
The tax burden on business at the state and local level in the last year, rose by 4.3 per cent, to $671 billion, compared with 3.9 per cent a year earlier, and it was the third consecutive year of growth after reaching each other years when accounts decreased in 2009 and 2010.
Taxes levied by the state, has risen faster, 4.3 percent, than local taxes, 3.9 percent, according to the study, which was conducted by providing professional services, Ernst & Young and the Center of the state's tax, a group on tax policy.
More than half of the tax revenue in the county, 56 percent, falls on taxes on entrepreneurs, while 36 per cent of the tax revenue to Maryland accounting firm.
Virginia, with 28 percent, is the lowest amount of tax revenue, proportionally, from entrepreneurs.
To a large extent, the growth of tax revenue caused by a return to the previous level of value of the property companies, the researchers say, that raised property taxes by 3.7 percent this year, after three years in a row, when growth was less than 1 percent.
While a large proportion of these revenues account for large states, such as California, New York and Texas, it appears that the same thing is happening in the Washington area.
In the District, Maryland and Virginia collectively paid $10 billion real estate taxes on the state and local level in the last year, at $9.6 billion more than in 2012 - an increase of 4.2 percent, compared to the previous year.
However, the observed return value property does not have anything like the effect on the growth of tax revenue for the state and local level in Maryland, where property taxes, barely more than a fifth of tax bills of companies.
Virginia and the District of Columbia pay about half of the company's tax accounts for the state and local level in the form of taxes on real estate.
"What is happening in Maryland is that such a large part of their property, particularly tax base around the District of Columbia, owned by either the government or non-profit organization, which do not pay property taxes," said Douglas Lindkholm, executive director of the Center for Taxation.
Thus, Maryland is forced to rely much more on income taxes to pay for the same services that exist in other states.
The recent growth in tax revenues from the entrepreneurs cannot fully explain the recovery of the real estate market.
Income entrepreneurs also seem to go well, according to this data.
Companies in the region to declare the state's corporate income tax at a level of $2.3 billion to $2.1 billion more than in 2012.
Maryland has collected $1 billion of corporate income tax receipts, most in the region.
Although the trends are directed in one direction, the tax burden of entrepreneurs at the local level does not increase with the same pace in all three areas.
The level of growth in the District of Columbia was on the same level as the average for the country of 4.3 per cent, while growth in Maryland was significantly faster, 4.9 percent.
Only in Virginia, there was an increase in tax revenues below average, equal to 4.1 per cent.
In Virginia was the lowest corporate income tax of three jurisdictions (each of which have the same corporate rate) equal to 6 percent.
The corporate rate is 8.25 percent in Maryland, while in the district it is relatively high - 9,975 percent.
A similar study of the US Chamber of Commerce earlier this year showed that in Virginia lower taxes for entrepreneurs on the state and local level and generally a more favorable climate in terms of taxes for entrepreneurs than in Maryland.
The district was not in this study.
Despite his advantage, Virginia is experiencing a competitive pressure from its neighbor to the south.
North Carolina recently signed a legislative act corporate rate this year from 6.9 percent to 6 percent, the same as in Virginia, and the rate will fall to 5 percent in the next year.
If the state will continue to reach targets on tax receipts next year, this law would increase the income tax rate for entrepreneurs, even up to 3 per cent by 2017.
Meanwhile, a small business in the Washington area, it seems, feels better and thus pay more taxes on the state and local level, according to a recent study.
Taxes for entrepreneurs, paid in the form of individual income tax owners of small businesses, a transitional structure, which arranged the majority of small firms in the District of Columbia, Maryland and Virginia rose 20 percent last year to $2.4 billion, with much greater speed of growth than taxes in general.
Researchers say that the trend and increased revenues from taxes on businesses across the country are likely to persist this year, when tax revenues in the state and local level who grew up 6.2 percent for the first three quarters of 2014 compared to the same period last year.
But the Washington area could fall behind because federal spending cuts impact on the labour market in the region.
Bronze Age of Russian judo
Russia's national judo World Cup brought home two silver and seven bronze medals.
In this respect, the Russians had only the main favorite competitions - Japan's national team.
The tournament in Chelyabinsk was launched on Monday, and the first day brought the Russian team silver medal.
Its owner was Beslan Mudranov argued category to 60 kg.
At the same time, equal to the final against Boldbaatarom Ganbatom from Mongolia, the outcome of the confrontation decided to just one note obtained by the Russian.
And here's the second day of the tournament was the most successful for Team Russia - on Tuesday were won three medals.
In the men's competition in the category to 66 kg was Mikhail Pulyaevu silver and bronze - Kamal Khan-Magomedovu.
In the final match of the 2011 world champion and 2013 "s Russian lost Japanese Masashi Ebinume.
, stage loser, triumphantly walked tournament and became the owner of a bronze award.
In the women's tournament category to 52 kg is also up to the third step steel horse was Natalia Kuzyutina.
She lost in the semi-finals of the acting world Maylinde Kelmendi from Kosovo, which at this championship has performed under the flag of the International Judo Federation, and successfully defended the title.
In the dispute over Inan Kuzyutina won bronze at the Ma from China, but after the end of the tournament yet admitted that third place is not what she would.
And again, the obstacle on the way to gold's title became Kelmendi, Kuzyutinu earlier in the final of the European Championship.
In the third day of the tournament in Chelyabinsk, Russia's national team put Musa Mogushkov added bronze in the category to 73 kg.
He was a former representative of the offender and his Moldova Victor Skovortsov now mobilised for the team and the UAE.
But then Russian won two battles and became the owner of the awards.
Acted on the Home Championship with injury, which he plans to heal soon and will take a pause in the competition.
As for Skvortsova it and he's on this tournament made it to the bronze medal.
It is interesting to note that another of his compatriot, who took sports CITIZENSHIP OF THE UNITED ARAB EMIRATES, Ivan Remarenko with completed the performance in the category up to 100 kg.
The fourth day of the Russians one bronze ChM-2014 also brought that up to 81 kg won Ivan Nifont of Novgorod.
In heavy battle of small final it at the expense of the comments from rival defeated Frenchman Alan Schmitt.
Friday at the tournament three sets of awards, but Russians are traditionally limited to one classically chic or in the men's tournament to 90 kg.
Her owner was Kirill, Russia's national team - the medal was guaranteed: his rival at the end was a compatriot Kirill Denisov.
However, most of the fight did not take place: rival Voprosova couldn't get on the floor because of the trauma.
Men's bronze was captured by the owners and the sixth day of the competition - her favourite team put Renat Saidov, who was in the category of more than 100 kg.
In the final, he won a clean victory over David Mor.
So ended an individual part of the world championship.
On the last day of the tournament in Chelyabinsk, on Sunday, title of world champions in the team competition.
Both Russian teams - male and female - were among the top nominees for the awards, but, as in the individual competitions, representatives of sex out of luck - to the medal they haven't got.
And here's the Russian command won silver.
In a make-or-break confrontation they in a stiff competition with a score of 2-3 gave the main race favorites - Japan's team.
At the same time, the national team of Russia led 2-0 after a clean victory Yartseva Khan-Magomedova and strong-willed - Denis (weight to 73 kg).
But in heavier weight categories with their Japanese rivals failed to cope, Murat Khabachirov (81), Magomed Magomedov (90) and Aslan Vascular cambium (100).
The same scenario has grown and bronze match in the women's tournament, where the Russian team leading 2-0, lost - 2-3.
On team competitions in Chelyabinsk was Russian President Vladimir Putin, who congratulated the men's team tournament after finishing with the silver.
"Second place is a big deal, but I want to say that it was clear that you could become champions," said Putin, quoted as saying by RIA "Novosti".
Lose the Japanese, via judo - nothing here is not present.
But I'm sure you can have them and win.
The Russian national team at the home World Cup was much better than it was a year ago on such competitions held in Rio De Janeiro.
Then there are the Russian team had only three medals, one silver and two bronze.
At the same time, the current Olympic champions missed the tournament Arsene Galstyan and Mansour Isaev.
We are all, of course, big.
Yes, I'd like to gold medals.
But let's remember that if a person in the Olympic cycle is one of the strongest in the G8, he is a potential winner of the Olympics.
Especially in a sport like judo, "summed up the RUSSIAN Sports Minister Vitaly Mutko tournament, quoted the press service of the championship.
Japan's national team, has collapsed in Chelyabinsk, having won 11 medals, five of which were gold.
The next World Cup will be held in the summer of next year in Astana.
Read about other materials, news and statistics page of summer sports.
The family of Joan Riverz hopes for the best
Joan Riverz is unconscious in a hospital in New York three days ago, but her daughter expressed hope today that actress recover from the disease.
"Thank you for your constant love and support," said Melissa Riverz in a statement today.
We hope for the best.
Her mother arrived at Mount Sinai Hospital on Thursday after an emergency call that she was stopping Hearts at the clinic in the Upper East Side, Yorkville Manhattan Endoskopi, according to sources.
Doctors are intentionally keeping her under anesthesia and monitored until their would not meet its condition that remains "difficult."
The response was wide, including a massive support Online from such as Donald Trump, Montel Williams and Kelly Rip.
All can be kings
In the sale of the group's debut album Royal Blood - new hope of British rock, of clubs straight to the stadiums.
The duo Royal Blood just a year on the stage, but has already started with the music prize nomination BBC tour opening Arctic Monkeys and a visit to the doorframe, New York concert from Jimmy Page.
Their debut album of the same name yet a few months before the release got 100,000 and contract his production lies in the portfolio will Warner Music.
Given the current music market, making a bad situation worse, the situation of the extraordinary headline, because this is not about new Lahn Del Rey or regular effect "of the new R 'n' B ', but the duo looks British, playing with volume and intensity, that the last time was in vogue two decades ago.
In general, rates on the first album in connection with all circumstances were particularly high and are already quite materialize.
The duo knowingly took his name, which previously could infringe is what really desperate hairy metal band, which Kings and blood flows, as they seem to be, in their veins, too, is understandable.
It is, of course, primarily about the heroes of the last level of Led Zeppelin: as the great quartet, Royal Blood aim to shake the blood of British Rock and upgraded it to a new level.
To make predictions about the success of this enterprise until, perhaps, not quite, but something to say already.
A dozen songs, with a small in thirty minutes is not so much a demonstration at the phenomenal gifts, how confident and powerful declaration of intent.
Some of the dignity of the individual service, of course, cannot be denied: say, a pilot single "Out Of The Black" characterized by the fact that no memorable melodic line, and the sound of pounding party.
Musicians jokingly say this song is generally easier than.
It should be noted, as well as powerful "Little Monster" and "Better Strangers will record" with Shakespeare in your quote.
However, the truth is that each of these songs will be perfectly sound of heavy rock fans at a party, but while playing in a row they merge into a more or less uniform.
And this is not necessarily bad, even vice versa.
The power of Royal Blood that they do not claim the laurels of new Lennon and Mccartney (rather too mark in Motörhead) successors, but numerous from the ghetto.
Their music, despite some variety, created for stadiums, in the building, built in less than a couple of thousand people, she obviously closely.
The secret is partly in using bass, which has replaced the guitar in the usual format, zero at the beginning of The White Stripes.
However, it's not just the instruments, but also in the approach to writing songs.
Heroes Zero with great difficulty chosen beyond the post-modern paradigm, with huge were reluctant to admit to myself that I was not just a and independent creative units.
Royal Blood is also now sound so powerfully and boldly that this pressure is successfully some and musical material.
Well, after all, who said that the rock should be smart?
Amazon buys Twitch for $1.04 billion
Amazon has just confirmed what said Information in a Friday morning: Shopping Online - and and a hundred other things - buys streaming service Twitch for $US970 million ($1.04 billion).
The news was a surprise not because no one was waiting for that Twitch will be sold, but because many expected that Youtube will be a buyer.
Three months ago, the sale of Twitch Google for good billion looked completely finished, and this combination looked natural.
Twitch, Justin.tv, founded just three years ago, set a goal to be a general service - streaming version of Youtube in real time.
Instead, he quickly turned into a platform where gamers aired their 6 Moments; "Youtube for games in real time," according to Business Insider.
Twitch interface.
And "Let's play" genre of videos in which give (mostly old) games, as in "Mysterious Theatre" is already popular on Youtube.
The fact of the matter is that Youtube is mentioned frequently when describing twitch, so news that Youtube Acquires Twitch was greeted without much interest, a classic example of entrenched technology companies potential competitor.
It is a mystery why a deal with Youtube in the first place, given that, reportedly, he was ready to pay no less than Amazon.
All that we have at the moment is a statement from Executive Director Shira Emmet County Iowa twitch: "We chose Amazon because they believe in our community, they share our values and long-term goals, and they want to help us get there faster."
Another mystery, frankly, this is an incredible success of Twitch.
Say, like me, who say that it is better to be sports, than to watch it, it is hard to see the appeal of having to watch the game instead of waiting to get into the hands of the joystick.
It is one thing to look over his shoulder to a friend at 3 a.m. when she through Resident Evil and quite another to watch a stranger gets 20 shots in the head in a row in the Call of Duty.
All games you could watch right now.
Another problem is that many of the most popular games today are designed for one person, so to watch them shooting, not by controlling the angle of view on its own, can be a recipe for headache, worthy Do It Right.
I agree that the high-speed passage, in which Rodger Bennistery of our electronic age complete entire games in record time, entertain.
But if we are not talking about The Swordsman games or humor, it's unlikely that his Twitch channel at all will be interesting.
But what do know skeptics like me?
Twitch had 55 million unique visitors a month and is the fourth largest source of peak Internet traffic.
How exactly the Amazon working on this?
It is hard to imagine that twitch in Amazon Instant Video as gracefully as Youtube could simply absorb twitch.
However, Twitch is what would gladly received any company: the crowd of young men who dream of advertisers.
As head of the Twitch Shear said Amazon and Twitch "both believe in the future of gaming," and the channel is showing no signs of aging, even - oh - as a spectator sport.
As a result of the 2004 terrorist attack killed more than 330 people, including 186 children.
More than 800 people were injured.
We spent a few days in Beslan.
Talked to surviving hostages - nearly all students with parents of victims, with The Super Cemetery, "City of Angels" Kaspolatovym P.e., head of the Beslan Mothers' Committee Susanna Dudiyeva, who took part in a special operation conducted by the employee of the Ministry of EMERGENCY situations, "said the correspondent of" Society "Elizabeth Antonova, who over.
Already back to Moscow, met with Aslambekom Aslakhanovym, who 10 years ago was an adviser to the president of the Northern Caucasus and negotiated with terrorists, as well as IN "management" of the Russian FSB officer Vyacheslav Bocharov. "
What I am particularly shocked during work on this topic is that in Beslan as if it wasn't for these ten years.
This topic is extremely painful for everyone who has some to her attitude, people can hardly agree to talk about what happened.
Travel experience is very heavy.
But forget Beslan cannot be, and I hope, with the mission we have, "said Antonova.
This is a sort of prepared studio infographics issues holding Rambler & Co, which has been with the company since the spring of this year.
Previous were devoted to the First World War and the 15th anniversary of Vladimir Putin in power.
North Korea conducted a short-range missile launch
North Korea produced a short-range missile launch in the waters of the Sea of Japan, reports "Renkhap."
The launch was made around 10: 30 a.m. local time from Chagang Province province on the border of North Korea and China.
Presumably, the missile fell into the Sea of Japan, flying about 220 km, said in South Korea's Joint Chiefs of Staff Committee.
The deputies proposed to accelerate the entry into force of the Law on Personal Data
In the case of the success of the initiative, these Russians cannot be stored on servers abroad from January 1, 2015
In the Russian Parliament introduced a bill providing for the postponement of the date of the entry into force of the already passed the law on personal data of Russians - from September 1, 2016 on January 1, 2015.
The initiative is placed in the legislative activity of the lower chamber.
Its authors were the deputies of the State Duma Vadim Dengin, Yaroslav Nilov (LDPR), Evgeny Fyodorov (United Russia), Vladimir Parakhin (Just Russia) and Alexander Yushchenko (THE COMMUNIST PARTY).
Such a change, according to the authors of the initiative, will contribute to a more operational and effective to ensure the rights of citizens of the RUSSIAN FEDERATION on the security of personal data and privacy of correspondence in the communications networks.
Law, whose entry into force hurry parliamentarians, commits to store the personal data of Russians in the territory of the RUSSIAN FEDERATION, processed through the Internet.
He also makes mandatory entry, systematization, accumulating, storing, retrieving and identifying the personal data of citizens of the RUSSIAN FEDERATION, in databases, located on the territory of Russia, as well as pointing to information about the location of such databases.
In addition, the law gives the Abta right on the basis of the court's decision to restrict access to information, processed in accordance with the legislation of the RUSSIAN FEDERATION in the area of personal data.
The law also proposes the creation of a so-called "black lists" - Automated Information System "Register of personal data subjects" rights violators.
The law was passed By The State Duma in the summer.
The authors of the bill were Andrei Lugovoy and Vadim Dengin from LDPR and Alexander Yushchenko FROM THE COMMUNIST PARTY.
And Yushchenko are also one of the authors of the current bill on the date of the entry into force of the already passed the law.
Those who have DATA CENTERS IN RUSSIA don't have to pay for rent
Commenting on the Latvian State Duma bill today, the first deputy head of the State Duma's Committee on Information Policy, Leonid Levin, said that he sees no problems to transfer the date of entry into force of the law on the protection of personal data.
He said the company, which as of January 1, 2015 will not have their own stores of personal data of Russian citizens on the territory of the RUSSIAN FEDERATION, will be able to rent them, like Rostelecom, which have repeatedly said that they are ready to provide their servers and already provides its servers, Mail Group, Western companies that now provide their servers. "
"in ADDITION, there are several independent datacenters, ready to cooperate in this area," he added.
"If companies decide to comply with the law and continue to work in the territory of the RUSSIAN FEDERATION, I don't see a problem - they will receive technological possibilities to accommodate," Levin concluded.
The controversial bill
Immediately after the publication of the draft law, the Russian association of electronic communications, expressed the fear that in the case of the adoption of the bill, the Russians will no longer be able to use a lot of global Internet services.
In particular, we are talking about online services, airline tickets and hotels.
According to the association, "the bill deprives the subjects of the personal data of citizens of the Russian Federation the right to manage their own data imperatively determining that their record, etc. Should is only in databases, located on the territory of the Russian Federation."
In a statement, NATIONAL SECURITY and stressed that a more effective measure would be to create a mechanism to inform users about where is the record, his personal data.
In that case, he would be able to choose which territory will be specified.
However, the adoption of such bills on the "localization" personal data in other countries has led to global services and significant economic losses.
Participant tests an ice bucket of water jaw
Roberts from the Uk so shouted when icy water on her head that the damaged bone structure of the face.
This is a test of the ice bucket of water went to pain.
The woman was hospitalized after she shouted during an ice bucket of water tests that jaw.
Roberts shouted so fiercely when icy water on her head that damaged the structure of the face.
"the Water was so cold that I was screaming, but when I did, my jaw began to keep," she told The Mirror.
The water must be put on the 20-year-old.
Roberts seconds before the accident
I tried to close his mouth, but he is not closed, he was stuck, and I came to understand that something is wrong.
Then to my mum and sister came to the same understanding and they started you lungs, but I had to urgently carry emergency department.
A 20-year-old woman from the Uk was taken to the hospital to jaw after participating in a popular hobby on Tuesday.
The clip became a and was published thousands of times on Facebook and Twitter.
Militias gave the Ukrainian military more than 400 prisoners
"the Main Army" claim to have shot down a Ukrainian Su-27, and accuse the enemy of violating a ceasefire agreement
Militias as of 10: 00 p.m. on September 1, handed over to the Ukrainian side 402 prisoners, 72 of whom were injured, as well as the bodies of 35 dead servicemen.
This was reported by Interfax, the Main representative of the press service of the "Army".
He added that "the AIR DEFENSE forces shot down the plane in the area of settlement Mereshki Su-27 found violating the cease-fire agreement."
According to the interlocutor of the agency, the Ukrainian side when attack Lugansk airport used cluster munitions forbidden by international conventions.
A representative of the press service noted that per night managed to damage the two Ukrainian AIR FORCE HELICOPTER on one of the Field airports, as well as to destroy two of the APC and two warehouses with ammunition.
"the enemy's Losses in casualties - up to 100 people killed and wounded, surrendered captured 13 people," said a spokesman for the staff.
Interfax does not have confirmation of this information from Ukrainian sources.
On Sunday, armed formations "People's Republics" of Donbass announced the transfer of the Ukrainian side in terms of compliance with the cease-fire regime 223 captured soldiers and soldiers of the National Guard of Ukraine.
At the same time, the night the army DNR, according to the "Main" Army, "in violation of the agreements reached earlier slapped down an attempt to withdraw from the area surrounding the heavy equipment."
Then the militias reported about battle destroyed two tanks and two ARMORED PERSONNEL CARRIERS, capturing six tanks and disarming 198 servicemen.
According to the staff, the total loss of the enemy in all directions (Donetsk, Lugansk, Mariupol) for that night amounted to five tanks, eight armoured fighting vehicles, more than 120 people killed and wounded
At the end of last week, a large group of Ukrainian servicemen was surrounded by militia in the area of Ilovaisk in Donetsk region.
Russian President Vladimir Putin asked the leadership of the "people's republics" to release the Ukrainian servicemen from the environment.
In DNR agreed to go for it, provided the proceeds are the enemy of arms and ammunition.
First, dozens of troops began to leave the surrounded by settlements on Saturday morning.
According to the commander of the Ukrainian battalion territorial defense environment in the Donbass "Semen Semenchenko, on Sunday night of the" boiler "came another 14 people.
In his Facebook Semenchenko wrote that Ukrainian wounded are in captivity at 137 regiment 32 DIVISION OF THE RUSSIAN FEDERATION AND 9 Armored Brigade OF THE RUSSIAN FEDERATION ", where they are treated well.
Meanwhile, Russia'S FOREIGN MINISTRY and Defense Ministry refutes reports of Ukrainian military and NATO about the presence of Russian troops in Ukraine.
RUSSIAN FOREIGN MINISTRY: Russia will response in the case of the introduction of the EU's new sanctions
Russia reserves the right to take retaliatory measures to protect their legitimate interests in the case of the introduction of new anti-Russian sanctions, according to the RUSSIAN FOREIGN MINISTRY.
In the message the Russian agency says that "conclusions" of the European Council of 30 August demonstrated the inability of the EU member states to overcome the inertia of supporting the Kiev authorities.
Brussels continues to insist that Russia was involved in the situation in eastern Ukraine, based on "Absolutely statements about the presence of Russian armed forces on the territory of that country," says the website.
The RUSSIAN foreign ministry expresses regret that the Council, contrary to the interests of its member states, is the influence of the countries that are interested in strengthening the confrontation with Russia.
Members Included The need to call for a peaceful settlement of the conflict in the east of Ukraine, as well as to provide the conditions for full "dialogue between the conflicting sides," highlights the agency.
Also on the site, the agency notes that there is no assessments of the humanitarian situation in Donbass where launched a full-scale humanitarian disaster, as well as a growing number of victims among the civilian population.
Recall that in the nearest in the European Union is expected to develop concrete proposals for sanctions against the RUSSIAN FEDERATION.
At the same time, the EU representatives are closely cooperating with American officials.
It is expected that they will correlate with each other based on the actions and measures imposed by the degree of rigidity.
New Eu sanctions can touch the energy and financial sector.
Also, the Australian government announced the expansion of sanctions against Russia in the field of defense, finance, and the oil and gas industry.
Sneaky WAYS TO SAVE ON university textbooks
At the same time, the cost of university textbooks for many students more than $1000 a year, Matt Schroeder, who soon will become a second rate, has figured out a clever way to cut spending.
He developed a system of how to borrow books on loan from senior students by offering them a nominal compensation to delay their sale.
"My tutorial on mathematical analysis, which usually costs $180, I got on a semester for $10 and a Cookie" Chick-fil-a "," says Schroeder, 19, who is studying at Covenant College in Georgia.
The necessary literature on the past semester cost would be $430, he says.
He spent $120.
According to the College Board, the average student spends more than $1,200 a year on textbooks and educational facilities, however, students have a range of options to reduce these costs.
Students increasingly choose online shopping and creative ideas like Schröder's system.
Car books is becoming increasingly popular, allowing students to use a book for a semester, and often is significantly cheaper than buying them.
Nibo Inkorporeytid "company, which owns more than 250 university bookstores, reports that the volume of rental books has grown by half since 2011.
Industry studies show that about a quarter of books in university bookstores during the past Spring semester were taken to rent, says vice president Nibo "Trevor" Meyer.
Less than half of all books sold in university bookstores, according to the National Association of Professional "university shops."
Here's introductory course on the best ways to make a deal.
Buying online store
Sometimes, if you get off the Internet, the price of a new book may be one third of what you will see in the university bookstore.
The ninth edition of "Mathematical Analysis" Ron Now, Bruce Edwards and Robert Khostetlera worth about $290 or privately, but a new copy can be purchased for $239,99 site Chegg.com, which specializes in selling textbooks.
Buying a used
If you are not against just other people or damage, used textbooks is a good option.
"Mathematical Analysis" sold for $93,49 in form on Chegg.com.
Matt Kesedey, 25, a student of the fourth course Brigem Young University, says that on Amazon.com paid 42 cents for a used copy of the textbook "Strategic Decisions in the media: an Understanding of the business side of the advertising business."
The book was sold for $48 new.
Teachers, for example, Ingrid Breysi, director of "College Without Walls" at the University of Massachusetts in Emkherste, offers students to specify their professors, wouldn't it be possible to use the previous publications.
Sometimes the updates are insignificant.
In such cases, the old editions can often be found for a very small fraction of the cost of the latest edition.
In addition to websites Amazon and Chegg, Half.com, owned by "eBay Inc.," is a popular alternative to buy used books.
Car
To take the rent textbooks, should think, if you're well enough to handle them, don't forget to return them and don't want to leave them alone once completed a course.
You can save more than 80% of the price of a new book.
For example, one student was able to hire a "Mathematical Analysis" on a semester for about $20.
Find out the rules for the store, where you take books, including any penalties that you can write for notes, underscore and damage.
If you take a book rental, remember: if you return a book, fines may even exceed the cost of a new instance.
Electronic books
Electronic books instead of traditional textbooks is another option.
Sometimes such books actually take rent, buying electronic license for a certain period of distributors, such as Amazon.com, Chegg and Barnes & Noble Inc.
Car "Mathematical Analysis" on the Web site Chegg.com for six months will cost about $61.
Says that students who study literature, can often find the best rates, as many of the classics are now available to download for free while the literature on natural and engineering sciences can be quite expensive.
No matter what, don't hesitate.
Joe Golt, 29 years old, which is going to begin studies in Law School Pepperdin, recommends use ISBN numbers to find out the price of a book, as it ensures that you are looking for this important text.
Before you make a booking online, says Golt, be sure to check whether a book is in stock.
He was given this lesson is not easy.
Delivery of the book, which he acquired, was postponed for four weeks, and, in the end, he paid the full price at the university bookstore.
Putin said about the complete inefficiency of the Far East Development Fund
Russia's President Vladimir Putin at a meeting on the state priority investment projects and areas in the Far East that fiscal investment fund for the development of the Far East, created two years ago, ineffective, Interfax reported.
"15 billion rubles and remained on the deposits," said the president.
During the meeting, the president instructed to speed up the approval of the list of territories of advanced development in the Far East.
He reminded that the bill needed to create Tori should be introduced in Parliament this autumn.
The Federal Assembly, the president pointed out, to July 1, has not approved the list of territories of advanced development in the Far East, and their criteria.
Vladimir Putin also formulated the basic tasks to ensure the development of the Far East.
Among them, improving transport accessibility of the region, removing infrastructure restrictions - both on the domestic market and for export.
Among other things, requires to attract additional investment to the region, as well as to create a territory of Advanced Development, which should be competitive in relation to key business centers of the ASIA-PACIFIC REGION, the president said.
It has been reported that the territory of advanced development can replace the SEZ.
Why "Guardians Of The Galaxy" failed to save the box office
"Steal 3" Silvester Stallone returned to less than $30 million from his $BUDGET IN THE UNITED STATES, while "City of Sin: a woman for whom we should kill" returned only $12 million of his $budget.
"Home Video" with Cameron Diaz has brought only $14.6 million in the first weekend, while children's movies, such as "How to Tame the Dragon 2" is also disappointing their income.
Article criticism Telegraph Robby Collina points out that when it comes to children's films may be due to poor quality of films themselves.
Colleen called 2014 "the worst year in history in terms of children's films, and called" How to Tame the Dragon 2 "barely" full-fledged "continuation of fantasy.
However, when it comes to movies aimed at older audiences a few more, it seems that the problem is not necessarily composed as a movie themselves.
In July, Entertainment Weekly compared the average CinemaScore and Metacritic rating each film in the summer hire at least 2,000 copies between the Memorial Day holiday in May and July 20, 2013 and this year.
Results, which take into account the opinion of both and film, suggests that this year's crop of films of similar caliber from last year's hits.
Some commentators suggest that the case could be in the changing audience habits and the growing popularity of streaming Internet services such as Netflix.
Director John Favereau, who is currently working on a car that will go soon movie "The Jungle Book" told the website Hollywood Reporter: "I think times are changing."
We should recognize this and not try to chase what it was before.
In contrast to the current collapse of the box office receipts in Hollywood, Netflix from streaming video service revenue reached $1.2 billion, nearly double the figure from last year in excess of $812 million.
Last summer, the director Steven Spielberg chided the studio for what they too rely on the comic book franchise, and predicted the "collapse" of Hollywood.
In the light of the current recession, some commentators argue that in his gloomy was the truth.
Due to the fact that in the summer of 2015 is expected to be out a couple of potential box office hits, including "Avengers: Ultron Era," "Minions" and "Jurassic Park" and other representatives of the film industry are more optimistic.
The producer of "People X" Simon Kienberg recently called the decline in box office receipts just "pro-cyclical", telling The Hollywood Reporter: "Next summer will be the most cash in the summer in history, and no one will worry about it."
Food sanctions are not afraid of the owners of establishments with Caucasian and Central Asian food, but for the European and Japanese cuisine restaurants Russian suppliers is a bad dream.
And in general catering prefers to replace forbidden import products not from Russia, but from Latin America, Israel and China.
"it is Better to have a cucumber than mozzarella is bad," said the Italian restaurant chef barlotti Mariano Valerio about the quality of the cheese, which offer him suppliers instead of Italian.
Burrata cheese, mozzarella and ended in a restaurant first, they have a little shelf life.
Stocks of Parmesan should last another couple of months.
What to do?
Switch to Russian?
In 2005 I was on Dorogomilovskom market.
Mariano Valerio makes such eyes that it is clear: shocking memories don't dismissed it so far.
Meat there lay on the carts only 30 inches from the floor!
There's also the Cat!
Rats!
Then I said that our restaurant we never will buy Russian markets.
I don't know maybe now there everything changed.
But a few days ago I was introduced to sample fish from the Far East.
So it proved!
I said that I don't want even to talk with the man who brought us this.
Valerio surprised that many ordinary for Italy for the Russian manufacturer in new things.
A few years ago, I was forced to buy Russian beef.
In Italy are the meat in the cooling chamber for 10 days at temperatures 1-2 degrees.
It must to become soft to the muscles relaxed.
I did all this with the local beef.
Then I asked: where you took such a tender meat?
I said: it's your Russian!
Why do you have no one does not do so?
Five minutes walk from the French restaurant Brasserie barlotti Bridge "kitchen hangs a stop list, which include missing products: French oysters, sea listed.
The chef of Brasserie Bar "Bridge" and "Arrow" Rezhis Trigel not so pessimistic configured, as Valerio: oysters from France has already replaced the oysters from Tunisia, and instead of French cheeses, a restaurant will buy Swiss.
However, and Rezhis becomes more emotional when it comes to Russian suppliers: "Cauliflower - 200 rubles!
I ask: "Why, on what basis it is worth so much?"
I answer: "Well, we also need to earn."
But the cabbage should not cost more than 80 rubles!
Far Eastern oysters we buy by weight, but they live 15-20 years, imagine how much weight their shells?
For the price of it turns out that this.
It seems that Russian suppliers is one of the main sources of for foreign chefs.
The standard story: "the First Three Months, everything was good, then the quality dropped dramatically."
The main claims: Russian suppliers cannot withstand the stable calibre and quality.
Many restaurants of European cuisine do not know that they will face when stocks of cheese
Photo: Alexander Miridonov, Kommersant
Menu
On August 6, President Vladimir Putin signed a decree on the use of individual economic measures to ensure the security of Russia, which is basically food sanctions.
The country is not allowed to import beef, pork, poultry and meat by-product from meat dishes, fish, shellfish, milk, yogurt, cottage cheese, vegetables, fruit, nuts, sausage and sugar syrups.
Restaurants have begun jockeying seems with suppliers: food prices have risen, we need to urgently seek counterparts from other countries.
This will affect the most expensive restaurants with France, Italy, Spain, in which products are supplied directly from the "maternal" countries.
Had to change before.
For example, when, at the beginning of 2014, banned the import of Moldovan Steel Works Heads Australian beef, and a year earlier - the American and Canadian meat.
In return, the suppliers paved the way for the supply of beef from Argentina, Uruguay and New Zealand.
But sanctions proved to be much more serious.
However, on August 20, Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev approved amendments to the presidential decree that infer from the prohibition of Fry Atlantic salmon and trout, babies sometime need lactose free milk, seed potatoes, sugar, corn, peas and onion for replanting.
Italian Valerio hopes that sanctions can soften.
In the meantime, part of the restaurants exist in conditions of uncertainty.
According to the "East-west" company, one of the largest suppliers of Horeca, the proportion of imported products in the premium segment accounted for up to 70%.
"Expensive Restaurants will have to change the menu under that produce local farmers and other countries," says Sergei Mironov, the restaurateur, the owner of the agency "Restkonsalt."
If the chef Strong, for him, this will not be a problem.
Only we have very little chefs, and the new menu may take two or three months.
The Brasserie restaurant "Bridge" to this is: give up will have 10-15% of the dishes, even half of the menu - recycle.
In restaurants with the mixed cuisine are already beginning to replace the dishes, for example steak marbled beef - beef stroganoff, says Sergei Mironov.
"Cheeses from Europe can be replaced with Russian, Belarusian cheeses, cheeses from Serbia, Argentina, Tunisia, Chile," lists "East-west" Oksana Glibchuk representative.
Cream and milk products from Europe have counterparts in Russia and Belarus.
Chicken FROM THE UNITED STATES CAN BE REPLACED WITH CHICKEN from Russia and Belarus, salmon and salmon from Norway - salmon,, trout from Belarus and Chile.
The lack of fruit and vegetables in Europe can be offset by the expense of domestic production, proposals from Serbia, Moldova and China.
According to Mironov budget network restaurants will be easier to navigate than the premium segment: were there's hardly able to distinguish Italian mozzarella from the Russian.
Although it is difficult to have to institutions Ginza Project, he thinks.
At Ginza Project several dozen restaurants under different brands and with their menus.
It will take a lot of time to replace, "said Mironov.
In Ginza, refused to comment, citing the absence of owners in the country.
The owners of the cafe, Caucasian and Central Asian Cuisine emphasize that products from the former Soviet republics European
But there are a lot of restaurants, which sanctions almost never will.
These include institutions with kitchen CIS countries: Georgian, Uzbek, Armenian and Azerbaijani.
"IN Georgian cuisine, no expensive products," said Khatuna Kolbaya, owner of the Georgian Saperavi restaurant and cafe "Vai sera!".
All cheeses for us are doing in Russia, the basis for many dishes - chicken fillets, exotic herbs we don't use. "
Kolbai establishments until it is removed from the menu of a single cuisine.
Timur Lanskoy, owner of the restaurants "N1" Tea with the Uzbek cuisine, sanctions too, not Tolle: he would have to change only the mutton on.
If Russia can start imports from Uzbekistan, Azerbaijan and Kazakhstan, we even win, for us, it will be cheaper than the imports from Europe, "he says.
From the CIS can be cheaper to get a clip, lamb, tomatoes, cucumbers, fruit.
At the same time that brought from Central Asia, much better than "plastic" from Italy, Spain and Turkey.
About Uzbek tomatoes, everyone knows that they are delicious, sweet.
About Spanish No one does not speak.
After the introduction of sanctions, a representative of the Ministries of Uzbekistan Olimboy Artykov said that plans to increase export products to Russia twice by 2016.
His intention to replace the European imports in Russia almost immediately after the introduction of sanctions said Belarus and Kazakhstan.
Restaurants are common, who responded to the query of "Money" is also quite calmly respond to sanctions.
The press service of the Mcdonald's said that localization exceeds 85% and Network works with 160 Russian suppliers.
According to Tatyana Bogdanov, head of the department of work with suppliers to Check Russia, about 80% of the Food Network buys in Russia, although there may be temporary difficulties with the supply of vegetables and the rising cost of meat products, which are produced from imported raw materials.
In "Teremke" products "in general took no more than 4%.
It is not affected by sanctions and Vokker "."
KFC, Burger King and "Little Potato" on request "Money" did not respond, but other market participants said that the degree of localization of Burger King is substantially less than the Mcdonald's.
In the absence of Norwegian fish restaurant operators are willing to buy Chilean rather than our Russian
On its
In the meantime, restaurant operators complain that because of increased demand, prices are rising even on local products.
"products for" Sticking Points "prices have risen an average of 10-15%, for an Italian restaurant" Cherry M "- twice," says restaurateur Rozhnikovskiy Novel.
Even Georgian restaurants cost of food will rise 5-10%, recognizes Kolbaya.
"East-west" don't deny, "For Example, The Belarusian milk products since August is up 10-15%."
"Brazilian suppliers raised prices of pork almost doubled," complained Sergei Cancer, deputy director general of "Stardogs."
Chicken legs of 35%.
Expect prices from China maybe they hot Brazilian heads.
In the near future in Stardogse will increase prices by 8%.
Now, and so very desirable to raise prices, "says Cancer.
According to statistics, public revenue growth for the second quarter of 2014 - a total of 1.8%.
This is the smallest rate since 2010.
Retail prices will rise even further, he admits, but it is unclear how quickly: while most restaurateurs products for the next two months, hoping to ride out the price swings.
But, what will the next two months, nobody knows.
On the square in front of the Moscow city hall is worth a dozen business decorated green and tree.
In the center of the stage, the musicians play a waltz.
This is a festival of regional products with a funny name "Have Time to Eat."
"We were going to do it at the time, a celebration of local food, and then just the sanctions, we, organized a festival," said one of the organizers.
Behind the scenes with the musicians Ended prepares salad, pasta and homemade chocolates, a few days ago was a master class on cooking with borshch apples.
All of the Russian products, say the organizers.
In tents - an exhibition of the achievements of Russian national economy.
Honey from Bashkiria, An exploration of reindeer meat, vegetables from the Farm's name - "Lenin", cheeses from Jay Klose ear.
"Salmon for restaurants, you can safely replace other salmon species of fish from the Far East," says the owner of a fishing shop "Their People," Philip Galkin.
We have caught, Ketu, Coho salmon,, - "Royal Salmon."
Yes, they're not so fat as the Norwegian salmon, because it's a wild fish.
Norwegian salmon is the same aquaculture.
He didn't even take his hands - anything.
And you are in the hands of our Far Eastern salmon did not retain.
Only institutions without special claims agree to replace the Italian mozzarella patriotic
In the window of his marquee lie SHRIMP WITH "Magadan, cod, Muksun, mussels with Crimea, scallops from the Far East.
Galkin is confident that it is past time to switch to fish from the Far East.
According to statistics, catch fish in Russia in 2013 - More than 4 million tons, a significant part of the fish goes to Japan, Korea and even IN THE UNITED STATES.
Imports of wielding fish - about 800 thousand tons.
It reads as follows: "Their People" works since 2012, sells fish through the online store, another half dozen restaurants served before the introduction of sanctions, such as "Simple Things."
Now another Galkin received applications from 15 restaurants.
The same land, it is quite possible to do from our fish, "he.
We, tried different recipes.
Now the land sell via online store on a million rubles a month.
Our fish cheaper several times, and shipping is a maximum of 15 rubles a kilo.
In an acknowledgement in the tent I cook Galkin portion of "Philadelphia" with Ketoy.
Unlike the rolls with these accounts for longer to chew, but the fact that this fish is our, Russian, gives the forces.
On the site, "Their People" there is even a roll of halibut and sea perch.
In truth replace Norwegian salmon prefer Chilean.
Galkin explains that Chef laziness to invent new recipes with Far East fish.
"Russian fish suppliers we have not yet offered," gives its explanation of the killfish Bar owner Dmitri Evseev.
About the same situation with other products: Russian producers could occupy a niche, but this does not happen.
According to the founder and co-owner of the project Boris Ms. LavkaLavka, now we can talk more about replacing imports from Europe and America imports from China, Israel and Latin America.
There are large multinational corporations, which have a powerful logistics and large volumes.
They are able to quickly replace blocked imports as opposed to our farmers.
That is, from the ban will benefit primarily large manufacturers of other countries, "says Akimov.
However, last month the restaurant industry has received and more alarming than food sanctions.
As a result of mass unscheduled inspections by Rospotrebnadzor, was temporarily suspended the activities of the three companies Mcdonald's in Moscow and two regional enterprises in Stavropol and Yekaterinburg.
"We are studying the essence of claims brought against to determine the actions necessary to the early opening of restaurants for visitors," said "Money" in the press service of the Mcdonald's.
No one really understands what will happen next.
If all is happening in the food sanctions, this is one option that you can survive, "said the employee, who spoke on condition of anonymity, Restaurant Consulting.
If we begin to close the Mcdonald's across the country, the scenario will be quite different.
"Yevroprotokol" Instead of Help TRAFFIC POLICE
Hull will receive payments without reference to HOSPITAL - so the CENTRAL BANK intends to stimulate the implementation of Russia "."
The Bank of Russia has developed a draft guidance, which from 1 September this year to receive payments of motor insured lost can do without help.
The question, however, is only about cases where the accident was made by "" without the participation of the traffic police.
That is if there were only two cars in the TRAFFIC ACCIDENT, it is not physically affected persons, damage does not exceed the limit, and both drivers have reached a consensus on the question of who is the culprit of the accident.
With the August 2 "payments" limit is 50 rubles, and since October 1, in Moscow, St. Petersburg and Moscow and Leningrad areas it will be upgraded to 400,000 rubles.
The point is that sometimes, even with minor injuries in a situation where an ACCIDENT Can Be "" drivers caught in the accident, the cause.
After all, if there is a motor to get him compensation policy without reference to HOSPITAL was impossible.
The parameters laid out in the draft guidelines and are designed to eliminate this obstacle in the way of implementing "" in Russia.
According to them, the maximum payout for Hull in connection with the ACCIDENT, without POLICE, must not be lower than the limit on "."
But at the same time, it cannot be and above the limit defined in the agreement of motor insurance.
The idea is certainly useful and theoretically able to unload as members of the SDP and the road.
But most likely it won't come to delight neither motorists nor insurers.
The latter is already talking about a serious threat to the growth of fraud, which could result in the introduction of new rules on insurance payments.
As for the drivers, it is hard to imagine what kind of work will have to be done to overcome the Russian conservatism is establishing Sharia law.
The driver in most cases will be hours to wait for the inspectors to arrange a little accident because it is so reliable.
And it's not clear that it will be easier - to defeat the fraudsters or convince drivers "reliability."
Savings certificate will make and
The finance ministry wants to ban the bearer savings certificates, but will allow banks to make them similar to contribution.
The Finance Ministry is preparing a bill that would prohibit savings certificates on the bearer.
Lately this tool is gaining popularity because the stakes are higher than bank deposits.
The point is that the savings certificates are not Bearer Deposit insurance and the bank they are cheaper because they don't have to make payments to the Agency's deposit insurance fund (HOLDS).
Has the situation that this step will be taken because of the small and medium-sized banks, which distribute those certificates, and he will suffer from Sberbank and the Bank of Moscow, which HOLDS AN ESTIMATED control 98% of the level of the market.
With a share of the Bank of Moscow, the agency estimates, is about 3.5%.
The problem, explain in HOLDS, is that a small bank customers, who bought such a certificate, in the case of the revocation of his license are trying to get money in HOLDS.
Some depositors, not having sufficient financial literacy and buying savings certificates bearer, may assume that their investments are insured.
The lack of reasonable insurance payments on these certificates in the case of license revocation bank can lead to misunderstandings and social tensions.
In practice, the agencies have been cases when holders of certificates tried to pay the insurance compensation through the courts, "said HOLDS.
The problem, of course,.
After all, to pay buyers certificates still, no one will, because they have, by law, have no right to compensation from the state.
If the case was that the tool is not insured in HOLDS with him would be banned and metal accounts, which means citizens are in grams of one of the four metals - gold, silver, platinum and palladium.
After all, these accounts do not fall into the system of deposit insurance, but their existence as long as no one takes his or her own.
It is likely that the bearer are very comfortable valuable paper certificates that can actually act as.
Their movement is almost not controllable: any customer can buy a certificate to hand over any citizen and to cashing such a certificate can change a lot of people.
It is not by chance that the draft that savings certificate must be necessarily personal valuable paper, which must be stored in the 1930s.
And to sweeten the pill Banks such certificates are allowed to produce without the right to early redemption.
That is, introduced similar deposit, which long dream of bankers.
NATO summit: the First PROTESTS IN Nyuporte and Cardiff
At the weekend there were protests from those who opposed the NATO summit in Newport.
On Saturday, hundreds gathered in the centre of Newport for march against NATO.
And on Sunday, about 150 people gathered at the Town Hall in Cardiff Cardiff on what was described as a.
Stephen Feyrklau watched for us for the developments over the weekend and talked with the protesters, who have come from everywhere: from Bridgend to Belgium.
Germany will send Iraq 30 anti-tank complexes
Germany would supply arms to Iraq to counter the militants from the terrorist group "Islamic State", August 31, Itar-tass reports with reference to the decision, according to the results of the meeting of the representatives of the GERMAN government led by Chancellor Angela Merkel.
Reportedly, Germany will send to Iraq 30 portable anti-tank missile complexes Milan and 500 weapons to them, as well as 8 thousand G3 and G36 assault rifles.
Deliveries will be implemented by the end of September.
In addition, decided to allocate a further 50 million euros in humanitarian aid to Iraq.
On September 1, Mrs. Merkel will be in the Bundestag with government statement on this topic.
So far, Germany has not supplied their weapons in "hot spots."
The views of the inhabitants of GERMANY about sending weapons to Iraqis are divided.
Some believe that the only way to stop the fighters from the "Islamic State", others fear that these weapons could eventually fall into the hands of terrorists.
Militias destroyed so much Ukrainian patrol boat in the Sea of Azov
Donetsk militias destroyed so much Ukrainian patrol boat in the Sea of Azov, August 31, Itar-tass reported.
According to reports, this happened in Taganrog Bay near settlements Shirokino and Bezymennoe (10-20 km to the east of Mariupol).
A number of Ukrainian MEDIA report about the attack two boats of the Coast Guard.
And that the incident occurred today at about 16: 20.
The teenagers were taken by helicopter from the Blue Mountains
Two were delivered by helicopter to safety after he spent the night, anchored in the Blue Mountains of New South Wales.
16-year-old girl and an 18-year-old young man went to hike shortly after noon on Sunday in Blekkhite Govetts Lime Trees in.
Worried relatives called police about 8 p.m. when they did not return home.
It was sent to the search group, which included local police and a party, and a few have found about 11 p.m. near the waterfall Braydal Wael.
The girl damaged knee, and the young man fell and hurt his head.
The officers stayed with the couple on the night, and their raised on Monday morning.
They were taken away in an ambulance in a stable condition in the hospital Blue Mauntinz.
They met two of the Union
High-level talks in Minsk does not solve problems, for which there were held, but gave rise to a new format: the first face of the European Union met with the chief executives of the future of the Eurasian
Let and alarming about the situation around Ukraine immediately (is), the leaders of the EU and the Customs Union was first discussed a number of "hot issues."
Whether this structure is able to work effectively, it is not clear; but it is clear who took the cream from that summit.
The questions were on the evening of August 26 when the Belarusians and then other With Europeans saw a television news report about the new President Lukashenko.
The Belarusian leader showed an example of courtesy, it was the behaviour of a man who has just picked a jackpot - and plans to a decent old age in high society.
As Maidan Lukashenko helped
Arrival in Minsk immediately three main European Commissioners (EU) ministers who met Lukashenko and allowed him to speak at the final briefing on their behalf - not just the legitimization of the president for the past 20 years.
This is a request for recognition of Minsk, a subject of European policy and the main mediator of the Ukrainian crisis.
A senior analyst with the Belarusian Institute for Strategic Studies Denis Melyantsov sure: henceforth Brussels will already speak with Minsk in the same tone as before.
"What Catherine Ashton met face to face with Lukashenko, suggests that the relationship with the EU will be and further," he said "Ogonku."
This is the hidden part of the iceberg: the preparation to the Belarusian authorities started long before November Maidan in Kiev - summer.
"the Results Have Been Achieved and the EU is the successful negotiations on visa facilitation and readmission, dialogues about modernization," lists interlocutor "Pinpoints" - and with the US negotiations were conducted according to international security.
States even took a little bit of sanctions.
As for the Ukrainian events, then they themselves and reaction to them guide Belarus only invoked another influx of this process.
Minsk, on the one hand, managed to preserve relations with Ukraine - warm enough to not much to lose in mutual trade, and President Poroshenko could come to Belarus for talks.
On the other hand, the Belarusian leader who recognized de jure joining of Crimea to Russia and urged to punish pro-Russian militias in Donbass with all the rigor, quarreled with Moscow.
Minsk has not released any of the Customs Union, nor of the CSTO and the Russian Baranovichi is placed.
Brussels and Washington have noticed a balanced position in Minsk on the Ukrainian issue - and appreciated her, confident Belarusian experts.
How successful will the movement of Lukashenko's political diversification would be seen by how often in Minsk will soon have the opportunity to take meetings in the format of the EU + TS.
The press service of the EU High Representative for foreign policy and diplomacy, Catherine Ashton failed to answer questions about what Brussels expects the relationship in the new format.
A spokesman for Ashton Maya Ogonku Kosyanchich only said "" that backdrop of solutions to issues of war and peace this theme is not a priority.
At the same time, there have been reports that the next meeting place on the Ukrainian issue with the participation of top officials in the new format may become and Kazakhstan.
A drop of tar for Minsk was the statement of President Nursultan Nazarbayev, in which he admitted that this was his, it turns out, personally asked the representatives of the European Union.
Nevertheless, at the final briefing Alexander Lukashenko made it clear: all sides to Minsk remained central platform for meeting both Rossiya--OBSYe--Ukraina format, and at the level of heads of state and the High Representatives of the European Commission.
This means that "the last dictator in Europe" quite acquires the status of a European leader who is helping to solve a global problem.
The European farmer's best friend
Already the EU delegation, which included on trade and energy, had come to the conclusion: the main reason the summit is not the tragic situation in the Donbass, and the economy.
Indeed, meeting schedule future talks on gas supplies and overcome fears to CU agreement about the Association of Ukraine with the EU looks much more extensive than peace declaration without specific dates and numbers.
Trade Commissioner Karl De Gucht, however, indicated: representatives of the EU "came to Minsk to seek solution to the political crisis which has economic consequences, and not vice versa."
It seems, however, that the crisis in Ukraine "works".
Its impact is first and foremost mutual sanctions of the West and Russia - to give the Minsk, who until he feels pressure, the long-awaited room for maneuver.
According to the head of the Mises Research Centre, a former presidential candidate in Belarus Yaroslav Romanchuka, European investors are actively interested in the possibilities of Belarus for the supply of agricultural products to RUSSIA bypassing the sanctions.
The nominated delivery scheme, which offered Minsk Summit, Vladimir Putin.
"the Instigators Of these schemes, Ogonku" Romanchuk said, "are not the Belarusian businessmen, and Russian companies.
They have long practised the scheme supplies of goods, including from Poland, Germany, Lithuania, and today these schemes are destroyed.
Russian business is in desperate need to somehow restore them, even through the mediation of the Belarusian structures.
The second story, "the expert continues," is that many Ukrainian companies like to establish production in Belarus of Ukrainian raw materials are also focusing on the Russian market.
Ukrainian producers have about $4 billion of exports to Russia, and Belarusian scheme now could prove very popular. "
According to Romanchuka, the role of the host site for the negotiations, the EU and the TS is ideal for Lukashenko and from the point of view of the development of economic ties with Europe.
He recalls that the loss of the EU from the agricultural sanctions Moscow are estimated at 10 billion euros, and the Commission is currently offered to farmers only 125 million euros in compensation.
The Belarusian president can offer to Brussels to work together to minimize the consequences for.
This could raise the authority of Lukashenko to the EU verdict.
Hospitality without initiative
Catherine Ashton thanked the Belarusian authorities for the initiative for the summit.
But the paradox is that the official Minsk from his active role in the birth of TC + EU format, and the Belarusian leader at a meeting with Ukrainian counterpart emphasized that the initiator of a new format and it was Kiev.
"It was your suggestion to come without any Associação Naval 1º de Maio discuss, not with decide, after the signing of the EU Association Agreement, to understand the situation, which at that time was in Ukraine," he said in front of cameras to Peter Poroshenko.
However, observers interpreted it as an attempt to mollify Moscow, she said, was initially against the mediation of Minsk, which greatly increases his political weight.
In the Belarusian Diplomatic Service appointment diligently stress that Belarus when the interaction between the EU and the TS on its soil does not pursue selfish goals, and the ultimate goal of this format is the creation of the future common economic space from Lisbon to Vladivostok.
"It is absolutely in the spirit of those concepts that in other areas, in particular in the field of security, highlights and promotes guide our strategic ally - the Russian Federation," said Ogonku "IN THE MINISTRY OF FOREIGN Affairs of Belarus today, where the words were chosen very carefully in recent times.
Moscow may appear zones paid entry
The Moscow city government is considering the option of introducing zones with entry fee as a method of combating overload central roads similar to other major cities around the world, reports citing M24.ru Moscow transport Maxim Liksutova.
One of the options that successfully proved that he is a paid entry.
This expert opinion, we will examine it, take a look at all the cons and pros.
To say that on this occasion taken any decisions until the early "Liksutov said.
Emphasized that for authorities the capital is very important experience of Asian cities, which are similar in structure and load with Moscow.
One of the decisions taken from these countries is already building a central sphere implemented by Beltway added Liksutov.
Recently, which has begun the construction of a Central ring road is an example of that is not necessarily all traffic to pass through Moscow.
If there were sufficient infrastructure Detour, then you don't need to have transit traffic in Moscow, "said.
Maxim Liksutov also said that the introduction of paid parking substantially revived metropolitan streets.
And, he says, the capital authorities do not plan to stop there.
Recall, on August 26, the mayor of the Russian capital, Sergei Sobyanin take part in the ceremony "section of Moscow Central Ring Road (EMPLOYEES).
Boredom, sinful
The film "City of Frank Miller and Robert Rodriguez: a Woman for whom we should kill" made a very different kind of revolution that might have been expected from him.
The first "Sin City" (2005), shot with minimal but symbolic participation Pictures including Quentin Tarantino's Pulp Fiction, made a revolution in the relationship between the films, comic books and literary Film Noir.
The sequel also has its own: in the sense that it destroys a fundamental for modern thinking chain "thesis - Ghazal - a synthesis of" (if you understand under the thesis universe Nour and under the antithesis - space comics).
Now it should read: "thesis - Ghazal - chaos."
"the City of the" chaotic and, and on a philosophical level: both times he chaotic in the sense of the word.
Yes, some of the characters are familiar on the first "Town", though, here's thugs Marv (Mickey Rourke), as far as I remember, came to life on the electric chair, and then, nothing, just a jumble of time - and in the role of such popular - from the air, knives and axes with.
But old people literally elbows newcomers like into the city from some other movie about the meaning and the plot in which spectators are asked to not to worry.
So, its own history, shamelessly his authors in an interesting place, player Johnny (Joseph Gordon-levitt's).
His own "Lord Eve (Eva Green) and for something as the avenging her Dwight (Josh Brolin).
But this confusion, in which Dwight, say, in the face of indistinguishable from Johnny - the more that individuals, like other parts of the body, the characters endure with an implacable regularity, its not a problem and is not even the only concern.
It was not a people, we understand that these archetypes of Nour: fatal was going too confident player, Medow "trap" sex detective, corrupt.
Well, when the archetype with archetype and archetype, it's no longer a movie, and yourself, that abstract painting.
And ask questions about the logic of abstract painting story is just ridiculous.
Moreover, even in this world there is something permanent.
Combat harlots from the first "City" continue to hold the circular defense from their native slums of the forces of darkness.
Yes, and the ghost of Detective Khartigana no, yes and will come, but it's always nice to see Bruce Willis.
The main problem of "City" lies elsewhere.
Frank Miller has been good that as a postcard, vivid joined comics and noir, and as a director - turned the idea of how to move comics on the screen.
Comic and noir - two aggressively opposite "reality."
The phenomenon of the comics in the modern form was born in the late 1920s, at the same time, when Bloody Deshila Hammett novels, "Harvest" (1929), "The Maltese Falcon" (1930) and "The Glass Key" (1931) created a canon Nour, hard-boiled then school - "Cool School".
Well, or pulp fiction.
Comics gave Hollywood many dozens of heroes: from Pop - spinach, giving him Bogatyr force, Superman, Batman and Dick Tracy to Hulk, Thor, Spider-man and other "Avengers."
But in any film based on the comic book was something: painted characters were not getting bogged down in hard screen flesh remained surrounding them willy-nilly in the "real" world.
Simply put, they were be deprived of "."
Noir, on the contrary, the most existential genre of world literature.
After the World Wars, the traditional novel - with experiences, personalities, family scandals and historical background - has lost any credibility.
What Foresight what Thibaud and Rugon-Makkary what Bolkonskie And Attended meetings at all, even after the Agadez, Auschwitz and Hiroshima?
Such a novel peacefully mutated in the format of a soap opera, and criminal - that is, by definition, marginal - the novel rose to the level of philosophical prose.
Hammett on their skin to know that such work as a medical orderly at the front.
He was a communist.
As, incidentally, were at least close to the Communist Party and such pillars of the genre, as writers, Horace Mccoy and Jim Thompson, directors Jules Dassin, Joseph Louzi, Edward Dmitrik.
This is why noir, archetype which they asked, firstly, rough and cynical, and the second is a purely social.
This almost any American variant of socialist realism.
The first "Sin City" was a remarkable precisely that unnatural but organically combines the comic with Film Noir.
For the first time on the screen of the comic came alive, with a straight face, its graphic nature, and not pretended to be "true" movie.
The darkness of the corrupt world where the cardinal ordered the killings, and the senator kept monstrous, was quite worthy of the pen Hammett.
But the scenic details such as cut heads, whom betray their nest, the pen of the brilliant James Ellroy, author of "Black Orchids" and better - i.e. declarations - representative.
"the City of" - it is not even a retreat, and surrender of the radical style Millera--Rodrigesa before the tradition of comics.
Probably largely this was due to the 3D technology.
When you see the second "City of Sin", consider yourself to be a prisoner in a glass ball, inside which fake snow falls asleep.
However, more often than not, it's not the snow, and bloody, but by and large, what's the difference?
Well, about this sociality and say nothing.
It is possible only when somewhere, in some places we have sometimes, even on the sidelines dirty swamps, but there is a normal world, where you can track the girl back on the curve or, say, murmured to tell parents that ruined her punished.
When in the city of sin, there is no place for anything except sin, and no already is not a sin, but the norm.
Boring as any norm.
The chaos of the City "" simply uninteresting.
Justice for the sake of domestic car sin that small but.
Titles warn: film contains harmful scenes of smoking.
In relation to it, in the vegetarian episode of which man forceps break the fingers, it gives an infernal humor.
Hammett would have liked it.
France's Socialists should "shut up and lead France into order," says a key ally Frasua Hollande
Mr. Vall called deeply leftist forces "to demonstrate a warm attitude" to the prisoner attacked whose permutations found approval of the vast majority of the French.
The president deserves the respect of each, he deserves our loyalty, he deserves our support.
"It is our duty to stay with him," he said, triggering applause.
As a gesture of reconciliation, the prime minister assured him that his government will not put into question the controversial mandatory 35-hour week in France, despite the messages conflict, it should weaken the rules made Emmanuel Macron, the new economy minister, earlier this week.
On Saturday, Mr Hollande pleaded with his comrades on the Socialist Party to remain "united" with the government.
However, Christian Tobira, Minister, put a spoke in the wheel, having come to the meeting of the dissenting members of parliament from the Socialist Party and criticizing the Socialist Party for the fact that she allowed the French "lose faith in the future."
Marine Le Pen, the leader of the far-right National Front, expressed contempt for the constant internal conflicts among the Socialists, saying that it is not that the new government Vallya lasts longer than a few months.
François Hollande is a naked king, but naked and Prince Manuel Vall, forced to assemble a new government, when the former hasn't lived and summer.
"AND THE NEW, too, won't last autumn or winter," Mrs Le Pen told reporters.
She repeated the call for their party to the dissolution of parliament, saying that she is sure that the party could easily win on early elections and is ready to govern.
France's ruling party suffered defeat in next month's municipal elections and the far-right National Front came first in the EU elections in May.
A poll Sunday in the Journal du Dimanche found that 76 percent of the French believe that the Socialist Party risks break several factions before the end of the presidency of Mr. Hollande in 2017.
Pascal Perrine, political scientist from the University of Syans, warned that the French quickly lose patience if the new Socialist government will not be able to improve the economy and record unemployment.
"he has a little time, but public opinion needs to be quick to feel that something is changing," he warned.
Otherwise, the situation could become even worse.
"the City Without Drugs" was left without any claim
The arbitration court upheld by Sverdlovsk Regional Directorate of the ministry without consideration of the lawsuit by the management board of the fund "City Without Drugs."
The agency intended to pay with the organization of more than 7 million rubles as payment for the lease of the building in the centre of Yekaterinburg.
However, the plaintiff twice failed to show up to court.
Today, the Court of Arbitration in the Sverdlovsk region left without consideration of the lawsuit Executive Directorate of the Ministry of State Property (City Without Drugs foundation MUGISO) "(one of the founders - the mayor of Yekaterinburg Eugene Royzman).
Representatives of the regional authorities intended to pay with the organization of 7.3 million rubles as payment for the lease of the building.
Today it became known that the plaintiff twice failed to show up in court, and it was decided to refuse.
The reason for the lack of representatives in MUGISO Directorate couldn't explain, head of the Legal Department Maxim Titov has not responded to phone calls.
With the representatives of the fund also failed to contact.
Remember, we are talking about the mansion, which has held the fund in the city centre on the street The 19 grants since 2011.
Such a decision was taken by Alexander Misharin.
In November 2012 directorate of the ministry of state property in the Sverdlovsk region filed a lawsuit in the Court of Arbitration By Sverdlovsk on the eviction of the foundation of the building.
According to the suit, the agency required by the court to recognize the agreement not made space gratis.
According to MUGISO directorate in agreement were not recorded significant conditions on the lease of an object of cultural heritage.
The arbitration court lawsuit rejected by Sverdlovsk, then the 17th was appealed to the arbitration court of the Perm, which was satisfied.
Then, in the same court, the foundation appealed against the decision, which was left without satisfaction, after which the decision was appealed by the foundation in the Supreme Arbitration Court, but the court took the side of the board.
In 2013, a new lease agreement was concluded, according to which the fund again began to pay rent, it told the head of the city of Eugene Royzman.
The rent was appointed 300,000 rubles per month.
The previous administration of the region gave us this building in accessing, recognizing our achievements in the fight against drugs, in a sign of respect to the fund.
The current administration decided differently, "he said.
Tatiana Drogaeva Yekaterinburg
Why is the mayor of Yekaterinburg offered to leave voluntarily
On July 24, the deputy mayor of Yekaterinburg Kosintsev Alexander suggested United Russia conceded second city - the speaker Eugene Royzmanu resign.
The occasion was the criminal case against arrested on suspicion of the murder of retiree Janina deputy Oleg Kineva, which is considered to be one of the Confederate mayor.
As Eugene Royzmanu found a criminal case
On July 1, it became known to open a criminal investigation into "Slander" (article in The CRIMINAL CODE OF THE RUSSIAN FEDERATION) 128.1 blog mayor of Yekaterinburg Evgeny Royzmana.
This was reported by The STATE MINISTRY OF interior in the Sverdlovsk region, where turned with an appropriate statement, general director of the legal center for "Protection" Anna Conducted.
She said that Mr. Royzman accused her in their records in the blog that she admitted to crimes that allegedly made her former spouse.
The mayor of Yekaterinburg is convinced that "this is another attempt to avenge the truth."
The iPhone will make in the purse
In the run-up to the September 9, when Apple is expected to introduce its new product developments, new leaks appear in the press about what can be expected from the presentation.
Citing sources, the American MEDIA reported that the sixth generation of the iPhone will be equipped with a mobile wallet function as a result of the Joint Project Apple and payment systems Visa, Mastercard and American Express.
According to Bloomberg, and specialized website Re / code, the presentation of new products on September 9, Apple also may announce a joint project with Visa, Mastercard and American Express, resulting in a new smartphone, the iPhone 6 will feature a mobile wallet.
The company themselves refuse to make any comments about it.
This feature allows you to make a payment on the Cash Store using a smartphone.
Identification of the payment will be made by the user on His Touch ID fingerprint by using the tool.
It is reported that the iPhone will be the first built NFC (Near Field Communication) technology, which allows users to make contactless payments using a smartphone and corresponding device.
NFC technology itself will be available through special, including spreadsheet from the Dutch high-tech company NXP (formerly Philips Semiconductors).
For the first time feature NFC was introduced back in 2004 in the framework of cooperation between companies, Sony, Nokia, Philips Semiconductors and over a hundred other companies included in the so-called NFC Forum - the Association for the promotion of this technology.
The first phone with NFC was released by Nokia in 2006.
The first Android smartphone with NFC - Samsung Nexus S - was introduced in 2010.
In May 2011 Google introduced Google Wallet system, allowing users to add credit cards to its Google account and pay using a smartphone on Android.
However, American experts emphasize that, despite large investments of high-tech companies in the promotion of NFC technology, American retailers still have a cautious attitude to innovation and not too willing to spend money on equipment of its stores of such systems.
So now observers are hoping that Apple's entry into this market will still accelerate and more retailers to implement this technology in its outlets.
The Foreign Ministry of France: Paris's position regarding supplies to Russia "Mistral" does not change
French FOREIGN MINISTRY SPOKESMAN Romen Nadal said about the unchanged position of Paris is relatively type "Mistral delivery to Russia.
"I can recall the statement of the president of the Republic (François Hollande) he made in an interview with the newspaper Le Monde on August 20:" Today the level of sanctions will not impede the delivery.
This decision of Europeans, not France, "RIA Novosti quoted Mr. Nadal". "
As a representative of the French foreign minister said the question of whether the deterioration of the situation in Ukraine does not have an impact on the changing positions of Paris on the execution of this contract
Read more about supplies to Russia, read an article in the journal "Sparkle" Mistral "almost" our. "
Tip Ukraine: over the past 24 hours in the area of power operation killed seven servicemen
A spokesman for the National Security and Defense Council of Ukraine Andriy Lysenko said that over the past 24 hours in the zone of hostilities in the eastern part of the country killed seven Ukrainian troops and another 25 were wounded.
The situation under Ilovayskom is extremely complicated.
Until the operation is completed on the withdrawal of troops from the environment, the details will not be disclosed.
Upon completion of the transaction will be made public data on the losses and the reasons for the current situation.
The perpetrators in the event of such a situation will bear the responsibility, "said Mr Lysenko, refusing to further discuss the situation under Ilovayskom, where several Ukrainian battalions in the environment.
According to a representative of the DEFENSE, "done everything possible to return the soldiers who found themselves in captivity," Itar-tass reported.
Mr Lysenko also said that Ukrainian military went from the airport to the town in the direction of Lugansk Georgievka.
For more information about the situation in the east of Ukraine see material KOMMERSANT "Arsene Avakov: the first Ukrainian military out of the environment under Ilovayskom."
Norwegian Cruise is approaching $deal with Prestige Cruises
Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd nchl.o, the third largest cruise operator in the world, is in the final stage of negotiations on acquiring a similar company Prestige Cruises International Inc for about $3 billion, according to people familiar with the situation.
The deal would provide Norwegian Cruise Company with a market $6.8 billion, access to luxury cruise ships and wealthy clients Prestige Cruises, as it competes with larger rivals, Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd (RCL.N) and Carnival Corp (CCL.N).
An agreement could be announced as early as this week, sources said Sunday, warning that negotiations could still fail.
The owner of the Prestige Cruises, a private investment firm Apollo Global Management LLC (APO.N), also owns a 20 percent stake in the Norwegian Cruise.
The sources asked to remain unnamed at present, because the negotiations are not open.
Representatives of the Norwegian Cruise and Prestige Cruises has not responded to requests for comment, while a spokesman for Apollo declined to comment on the information.
Norwegian Cruise Line, based in Miami, operates 13 cruise ships on the routes, covering North America, the Mediterranean, the Baltic Sea, Central America and the Caribbean.
Its revenue was $2.57 billion in 2013, 13 percent more than in 2012.
Prestige Cruises, based in Miami, operates under the brands of Oceania and Regent, which together own the eight cruise ships that go to Scandinavia, Russia, the Mediterranean, North America, Asia, Africa and South America.
She said about $1.2 billion in revenue in 2013, 6 percent higher than a year earlier.
It is expected that the $cruise industry will have a salutary effect in the following years, the growth of a middle class in emerging economies, such as China and India.
Companies are rushing to position themselves as the cruise operators preferred these new customers.
Prestige Cruises was registered in US regulatory bodies for the initial public offering (IPO) in January 2014.
Apollo was the main shareholder of the company after the $deal in 2007.
Norwegian Cruise was created as it exists now, in 2000, as a result of the merger with the cruise operator Genting Bhd (GENT.KL), Conglomerate entertainment and casino, taking place at under the control of the Malaysian billionaire Lim Kok Thea.
Apollo invested $1 billion in Norwegian Cruise in 2008.
Norwegian Cruise turned into a public company in January 2013.
Genting owned shares in a 28 percent stake in Apollo was 20 per cent, as TPG Capital LP is a private investment company owned a share of 8 per cent in the company, according to the end of June, according to reports.
Carnival, Royal Caribbean Cruises and Norwegian Cruise together make up 82 percent of cruise capacity in North America, according to registration documents at the first public placement of shares Prestige Cruises.
"Crimea" TV can get 250 million rubles of subsidies
In the Ministry of Telecommunications And Russia offer to highlight the state broadcasting company "Crimea" 250 million in 2014.
As the Project During a resolution, hosted on a single portal to prepare disclosure regulations, subsidies are expected to spend "to cover the costs of creating the conditions for large-scale public awareness of social and economic situation and development of the modern information space on the territory of the Republic of Crimea."
Also, the money will go to buy equipment, repair roofs and energy systems in the building of the broadcasting company, founded in 1959, reports "RIA Novosti".
The Chinese representative of Hong Kong's Democratic Movement activists thwarted the speech the day after the election decision
A group of citizens, loyal to Beijing, stood nearby, waving the Chinese flag.
The Standing Committee of the National People's Congress on Sunday identified the procedure that only two or three candidates will be allowed to take part in the election of Hong Kong's leader in 2017.
All candidates must first obtain the support of the majority of the members of the nominating committee, which is likely to be full or Beijing.
The decision makes it almost impossible for the Democratic opposition to be on the ballot and forced the pro-democracy activists again promise to stop the financial center of Hong Kong protests "Returned to Central."
Political reform is the main source of tension in Hong Kong as Chinese Party leaders worry that calls for democracy will spread to other cities.
Following the publication of Beijing describe China's control over Hong Kong, in June, activists of the democratic movement held an unofficial referendum on elections in the special administrative region, and hundreds of thousands marched in downtown and sedentary strike.
Whether a briefing organized by the Hong Kong government and the Chinese Liaison Office in Hong Kong.
Vice-chairman of the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress Zhang Rongshun and deputy director of the Hong Kong and Macau Affairs Office of the State Council Feng Veuil also had to speak at a series of briefings during the day.
Said they will gather at the building of Hong Kong's head of government in the second half of the day.
The United Kingdom is not mentioned on the democratic governance for Hong Kong until the last days of 150 years of colonial rule.
The Israeli authorities intend to add 400 hectares of land belonging to the Palestinian Authority
Israeli authorities have announced that they intend to add 400 hectares of land on the west bank of the Jordan River, belonging to the Palestinian Authority.
As reported by The Bbc, the decision to add the Earth South Valaam is associated with a desire to pay for the abduction and murder of three Israeli teenagers in June of this year.
The seizure of the territory of Israel Defense stated Sunday and has ordered the military to establish administrative control of the West Bank.
According to the representative of the Gaza Saiba Arikata, the world community must hold Israel accountable for the "ongoing settlement activity in the West Bank and in East Jerusalem."
Putin demands from Kiev to start negotiations on the "statehood" in eastern Ukraine
According to Russian news reports about his remarks, Russian President Vladimir Putin demanded on Sunday that the Ukrainian government has stopped the fighting with the separatists in the east of the country and immediately started negotiations on the "statehood" region.
His spokesman, Dmitry Peskov, later clarified that He did not mean to suggest that territory under the control of the separatists will become part of Russia, but that her status within the Ukraine need to be recalibrated to give region the opportunity to protect their rights and interests.
However, call Putin to Kyiv government to begin talks with the pro-Russian rebels as equals with the obvious strategy, which he follows from the beginning of the bloodshed five months ago to Help separatists to take territory and forcing the Ukrainian government to give the Main territory de facto independence, to get closer to Russia rather than with the West.
In an interview with the state First Channel television, Putin condemned the Ukrainian military campaign to return propped up separatists in the eastern Donetsk and Luhansk regions that were seized in March and April after Moscow annexed the Ukrainian peninsula of Crimea on March 18.
The Kremlin and the separatists have recently called Novorossiey captured territory, or New Russia, the name that refers to the pre-revolutionary days of the glory of the Russian empire.
Putin has said that anyone who believes that peace talks will occur in the near future, when the Ukrainian politicians begin to campaign for parliamentary elections on October 26, and while government forces attacking peaceful settlements in separatist held regions - "a prisoner of illusions," Itar-tass reported.
"We must immediately begin substantive talks and not only technical issues but also on the political organization of society and the state status of southeast Ukraine, in order to comply with the interests of the people living there," he said.
Peskov said that Putin's words about statehood had in mind in the context of a wider autonomy that was discussed for months with leaders in Kiev in an attempt to calm fears in Russian-speaking regions that their cultural and language rights at risk.
Only the Ukrainian government can give eastern regions the necessary autonomy, "said Sands.
It is not a matter for discussion between Ukraine and Russia, Peskov said, "because it is not a conflict between Russia and Ukraine, but an internal Ukrainian conflict."
The intervention of the Kremlin's press secretary, to rectify the wrong interpretation of "words" Putin emphasized the decision of the Russian leadership to behave towards the separatist rebellion in the east in any other way than open the seizure of Crimea, where the majority of population are ethnic Russians.
Moscow would have had to endure much more difficult battle to attach even Donetsk and Lukang Changhua region of eastern Ukraine, since most of the 6.5 million people are not Russians, and polls before the conflict showed broad support for the desire to remain within the Ukraine.
Autonomy, which Russian diplomats discussed at international forums would give power to regional governments in the Ukraine authorities decide trade agreements and foreign policy, essentially giving the Kremlin a de facto control of the territory, which would have combined the main territory of Russia with Crimea.
On the Black Sea peninsula attached five months ago, is the main Russian military fleet, as well as commercial marine institutions and historical sea resorts.
In the regions between the Russian Rostov Oblast and Crimea are also mines, factories and casting plants that produce the necessary equipment for the Russian army.
Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko proposed during his inauguration speech on June 7 to Ukrainian lawmakers after new elections had amendments to the constitution that give regions greater control of their finances and the status of languages.
However, his view of Autonomy, it seems, is very different from the view of the Kremlin and, superiority and incitement which accuse Moscow.
Last call for Putin to Kiev to negotiate with the leaders of the separatists, as equals, followed by new rebels last week after Russian troops and tanks rolled into eastern Ukraine from the formerly peaceful region along the Sea of Azov.
Novoazovsk Russian-backed separatists took control of the city in which members of the Ukrainian security services say that they are afraid that it is the beginning of the campaign to capture the strategic coastal territory to the Crimea.
This caused a massive civilian and military efforts to strengthen Mariupol, a steel port with 500,000 inhabitants, which is located between Novoazovskom and narrow gangway on the Crimean peninsula.
Poroshenko on Saturday addressed the meeting of European Union leaders in Brussels to call for measures to prevent further Russian aggression against Ukraine, a former Soviet republic that has been independent for 23 years.
"We are approaching the point of no return," warned Poroshenko.
Thousands of foreign military and hundreds of foreign tanks are now on the territory of Ukraine.
EU summit did not take certain measures; leaders urged to draw up a project more severe sanctions against Russia, which will be taken in case of any escalation of the Ukrainian crisis.
Ukrainian soldiers had to withdraw from their positions in Ilovaisk after two columns of Russian armored vehicles and 1,000 soldiers last week in the Donetsk region to support students who experience difficulties separatists Andriy Colonel Lysenko, a spokesman for the National Security and Defense Council of Ukraine, told reporters in Kiev on Saturday.
The first of the 63 Ukrainian soldiers who reportedly held in Ilovaisk as a result of the Russian invasion were exchanged on Sunday on 10 Russian captured on Ukrainian territory a week ago, Lysenko said Sunday.
Naked photo scandal takes Australian celebrities and Gabi Greco
Jeffrey Edelsten expressed his aversion to hackers who may have stolen nude photos of his bride Gabi Greco and a list of Hollywood stars.
Hollywood in rebellion after a series of explicit photos, which depicted a naked Jennifer Lawrence, hit the Internet as a result of a massive hacker scandal with celebrities.
They say that the hacker responsible for this, there are some 60 explicit photos of the star of "The Hungry Games," Lawrence and superstars, including models Kate Upton and Cara Delevin, singer Rihanna, Ariana Grande and Lea County New Mexico Michelle and actress Kirsten Dunst.
Australian actors Teresa Palmer, Emily Browning, Yvonne Strakhovski and living in Melbourne Greco also allegedly were stolen as a result of the leaks photos with you.
In the list of 101 celebrities name.
, Greco, who made the proposal last month, told Confidential: "It's disgusting."
The whole private correspondence and photos should remain private.
It is awful that personal information could be stolen and sent to other people.
Greco, which is located in New York, reportedly told media website that the hacker attack was "shameful" and that those at whom it was aimed, "feel that they invaded."
It is expected that a hacker has 30 photos of Palmer with former boyfriend Scott Spidmenom including two shot where she is lying by the pool with a naked breast.
Palmer's work in films include "Love and Honor" together with Liam Hemsworth.
Palmer, a star of the film "Chuck" Strakhovski and actress from "Forbidden" Browning yesterday was not commented on stolen photos.
A spokesman for Lawrence told TMZ: "This is a brazen invasion of privacy."
Actor Seth Rogen, expressed his outrage at the address of the hacker, writing on Twitter: "Posting photos, stolen from a mobile phone, in fact, no different from selling goods."
Just from a legal point of view, we cannot tolerate the publication of the stolen photos.
Found a potential way to steal photos of naked celebrities
The mass hacking of accounts of stars may be made through a vulnerability in the application Find My Phone.
The potential scenario described the resource of The Next Web.
The Resource Models was published in Python script that allowed select passwords using the Find My Phone company Apple.
This service allows you to track the location of iPhone.
To access it uses the same bunch of Apple ID login and password for access to Apple's cloud you from which they were stolen photographs of celebrities.
The script allowed search method to learn the password from the Find My Phone.
Under this method, consistently introduced all sorts of combinations of characters, starting with the most frequently used passwords.
The author of the script has argued that the service Find My Phone Number of input options for passwords.
If properly security system after several unsuccessful attempts to enter the wrong password account should be blocked and notify you of trying to crack it.
Because of the vulnerability, users have not received any reports of an attempt to find the password to their account.
Hackers learned Apple ID password and used it to access to you.
Twitter user reported HackApp, vulnerability was discovered two days ago, on Saturday, and her written password guessing program.
At the moment, the vulnerability is closed: after five attempts to access to the service is blocked.
Resource contacted HackApp user and he noted that the above vulnerability is typical of many services, but noted that there is no evidence that this vulnerability was used to access the account "stars."
This is not me, plz RT
Twitter prime minister once again unwanted records
Although there is no hard evidence that the stealing of photos was used a vulnerability in the Find My Phone, previously it was a wave of malicious actions using this service.
Hackers authorities intercepted device management and demanded ransom from the owners.
In the case of Apple told the MEDIA THAT THE CLOUDS security has not been compromised in this case, however, did not perform any investigations about how users lost their accounts.
Russia has also previously RUSSIAN Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev's Twitter was hacked.
If attackers have access to you described above, then there could have been stored and the password to the account Microblogging head of government service.
The Next Web resource could not get comments about vulnerabilities in Apple's Find My Phone.
Putin granted Russian citizenship to Ukrainian
Russia's President Vladimir Putin granted Russian citizenship to the famous Ukrainian Anna Buryak.
The corresponding decree published on the Internet portal, the organisation of legal information.
Earlier this year, the sport moved to Russia to permanent residence and turned to the Federation of contemporary with request to give her a chance to play for the national team of RUSSIA.
In wielding she won two stages of the World Cup, won the silver medal at the European Championship teams and became a world champion in the mixed relay, which is one of the new types of programs in this sport.
She holds a leading position, and in the current season.
According to the rules, to speak at Olimpiade-2016 In Rio De Janeiro, she will need to get special permission to Ukraine's Olympic committee.
Anna Buryak is not the first Ukrainian athlete that citizenship.
In July, Vladimir Putin ruled to extradite a Russian passport Catherine Sosonko, Vladimir Kramnik - who is originally from Lviv, which is a double European champion (2005, 2008), World Michail Tal (2010) and Rapid (2014).
As part of the women's team of Ukraine athlete became the winner of the Chess Olympiad in Turin (2006), the World Team Championship in Astana (2013) and the European Team Championship in Warsaw (2013).
Bears stopped the investigation catastrophe Tu-204 in Vnukovo
The investigative committee of Russia (BEARS) stopped a criminal investigation into the airline Red Wings Tu-204 airplane disaster.
According to the press office.
The decision was taken in connection with the death of the commander of the aircraft and flight.
Forensics showed that the cause of the disaster has been the increased speed of the Sunset Gate, the failure of the crew of standard procedures on landing, as well as unintended output engines on the increased momentum of direct thrust.
The Red Wings Tu-204 jet airlines flight Prague - Moscow, came to grief on December 29, 2012 when landing at Moscow's Vnukovo airport.
Aircraft for takeoff strip and.
The commander of the aircraft died at the scene, the second pilot and flight engineer.
Two were delivered to medical institutions where subsequently died from their injuries.
Three more matches, hospitalized with self-inflicted injuries, took place a long treatment.
In addition, severe injury received the driver of the car, move at the time of the disaster on the Kiev highway.
There were no passengers on board an aircraft.
Transport prosecutor's office in the wake of the disaster, held in the Red Wings checking, which have been identified numerous violations.
In February 2013, the action of the airline's license was suspended.
The company resumed work in the summer of 2013.
Alexander Defeated STARTED TO TRAIN IN PRISON
A famous Russian MMA fighter Defeated 33-year-old Alexander, who is in JAIL on charges of violent conduct of a sexual nature against the keeper, fully recovered from injury and started training.
According to Championship.
In May of this year, the Investigative Committee of Russia Defeated Alexander filed the charge of rape.
The suspect was declared wanted, on May 9, he was detained in Tambov after committing them to the accident, in which he received a hip fracture.
Was placed under arrest until 31 August, on September 1, was scheduled for sentencing.
But the court was postponed, and a consequence of on extending the period of detention to 30 September.
If an athlete's wines will be proven, he faces imprisonment for a term of up to six years.
What is the power, brother?
"Lenta.ru" recalls the most scandalous stories in the career of Alexander Defeated
His last match Defeated spent in January of this year, losing by technical knockout Dmitry Sosnovskomu.
Alexander - the younger brother of the more famous fighter Defeated Fedor.
The latter is a 4X World Champion mixed martial arts, 4X World Champion and Russian sambo's seven-time champion.
Anger has turned out to be the most universal and functional human emotion
An angry facial expression is a biologically Universal to humanity, and everyone involved in its creation, the body and the muscle is not accidental and is an additional means of expressing power and threat, researchers have found, Australia and the UNITED STATES.
Their discoveries, they reported in the journal Evolution and Human Behavior, and you can read about them in the press briefly at the University of California in Santa Barbara.
Facial expression - they joined and resting down eyebrows, the claw in the thin line of lips and inflated nostrils - equally in all cultures, and make it even blind from birth children, never witnessed, lead author of the study, notes Aaron Sell.
As part of a major research project on the nature of the anger, the scientists found that arose this emotion to effectively manage disputes during the conflict.
The more physical damage one man can do another, the more his ability to dictate his terms, and bring it to a conversation with anger.
Researchers have found evidence of another of his hypothesis: physically strong people often get angry and get to the pitch invasions, consider themselves entitled to impose other conditions for them, and prefer to force to resolve conflicts peacefully.
Based on the fact that anger is a bargaining emotion, "" first and foremost, scientists decided that the movements of each of the seven groups of muscles, creating an angry expression, validating an angry individual should be more powerful and dangerous in the eyes of the person you are talking to - and thereby get as soon as possible to agree to its terms in order to avoid conflict.
To test this hypothesis, the researchers have modelled on a computer, where each of the seven elements of an angry outcry over or absent, and showed them.
Although our eyebrows or by the forward Chin did not face evil in its own right, displayed with such human traits stronger physically study participants acknowledged unanimously.
The wrath of Man and Animals, expresses the Threat: inflated manifestation of his own power to make to accept and obey.
Man blows up the nostrils and lips with the same purpose as the frog, which inflate or baboon, which demonstrates their fangs.
"Anger" runs "the interlocutor's refusal to accept the situation and the person immediately takes the form of effectively demonstrating the opposite side of the consequences of this failure.
But the most remarkable is that none of the components of an angry outcry over the face is not arbitrary, they all are one and the same, "said anthropologist John Tubi.
The Ministry of Telecommunications and proposed to allocate $250 million rubles broadcasting company "Crimea"
Telecommunications and proposed 2014 federal budget to allocate $250 million Autonomous Nonprofit Organization "Tv" Crimea "."
This is stated in the government's draft resolution, prepared by the office, which the orchestra "Lenta.ru".
According to the explanatory note to the project, subsidies from the federal budget will be directed "to cover the costs of creating the conditions for a large-scale public awareness of social and economic situation and development of the modern information space on the territory of the Republic of Crimea, including the purchase of equipment."
In particular, the allocated funds are supposed to be reequipped Block, video wall, central hardware and.
Also planned is the acquisition of a mobile television station and satellite transmitter.
In addition, the company will use the funds from the Fiber-Optic Link (FIBER) and repair system of energy.
Subsidies will be provided within the federal funds provided for Telecommunications And Mass.
State broadcaster "Crimea" was established in 1959, broadcasting in seven languages: Ukrainian, Russian,, German, Greek, Bulgarian and the Armenian.
To date, the coverage of the television signal radio company is more than 75 percent of the territory of the peninsula.
In 2011, the "Tv" Crimea "has received a license for TV broadcasting in digital format.
