The prime ministers of India and Japan met in Tokyo
The new Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi, meets with his Japanese counterpart, Shinzo Abe in Tokyo to discuss the communication in the field of economics and security, as part of its first major foreign visit after the election victory in May.
Mr. Modi is in a five-day trip to Japan in order to strengthen economic relations with the third largest economy in the world.
At the head of the agenda are plans to expand nuclear cooperation.
India is also reportedly hopes for an agreement on defense cooperation between the two countries.
Fano Russia will hold the final session of the Expert
Federal Agency research organizations (Fano Russia) together with the Russian Academy of Sciences will hold the third session of the Expert "Evaluating the effectiveness of scientific organizations."
The meeting will be the final in a series of meetings held by the agency during the year, according to a press release, Received "Heathcliff!".
The third meeting is planned to sum up the work of the Expert session for the year and to generate the final list of indicators for assessing the effectiveness of scientific organizations.
Separately, the event participants are expected to discuss rules for the expert group responsible for assessing the work of scientific groups, and criteria for evaluation.
The third session of the expert will be the final event in a series of events on the formation of a unified for all three academies approach to performance assessment methodology of scientific organizations.
Over the past five months we have succeeded, and the final version of the regulations is being coordinated.
At the end of the next session, we must complete the formation processes of scientometric and expert analysis, to agree on the steps and timing of the evaluation, "- said the head of the expert-analytical department of Fano Russian Elena Aksenova.
The event will be attended by representatives of more than a hundred Russian scientific institutes.
Its results are expected to adopt the resolution.
The meeting will begin at 10 am Moscow time on 16 September 2014 at the address: Moscow, Solyanka Street, Building 14.
Scientists have found a way to detect kinship stars
Astrophysicists from the University of California at Santa Cruz studied turbulent mixing and its effect on the chemical homogeneity in stellar clusters.
It is expected that the opening of experts will let you search among the stars related, that is, resulting from a single cluster.
The results of their research published authors in the journal Nature, and brief them available on the website of the university.
The reason for the same chemical composition blizlezhayshih stars is turbulent mixing in the clouds of gas that precedes the formation of stars.
Even if born star then leaves the star cluster, in its chemical composition can determine the place of its birth, and region of star formation-relatives.
Previously, scientists had no doubt that the evolution of the star outside the cluster can lead to differences in its chemical composition from that of family members in the cluster.
The results of the simulation conducted by astrophysicists show that such differences do not have to appear.
In his study, experts with the help of a supercomputer modeled two streams of interstellar gas, which together formed a cloud.
This property is within a few million years under its own gravity is transformed into a cluster, which begin to form a protostar.
Scientists added ink tags in the original gas stream and found that due to the rapid turbulent mixing in a cloud, a high degree of chemical homogeneity.
As astrophysicists believe their study proves that it is possible to look at the star-relatives chemical composition, as well as to identify possible areas of education such objects.
Karratha Police arrested 20-year-old after the prosecution motorcycle at high speed
The motorcycle was confiscated after it traveled at a speed of 125 km / h in an area with a speed limit of 70 km / h and bushlend to hide from police in the Pilbara.
Traffic police patrol in Karratha morning tried to stop a blue motorcycle, finding that its speed reaches 125 km / h, when he went to the service station on Bathgate Road.
Police said the motorcyclist did not stop and continued movement along Burgess Road, then turned into bushlend, resulting in the police lost sight of him.
Motorcycle man and corresponding description of the driver, were seen near the house on Walcott Way in Bulgarre.
Karratha Police filed 20-year-old man charged with failure to stop and dangerous driving.
He must appear before the world court Karratha September 23.
The motorcycle was seized and detained for three months.
The academic year at the DNI will not begin until October
September 1 academic year in the DNI will not start because the region is only 10% of children.
The Minister of Education and Science of the breakaway republic, Igor Kostenok.
According to him, 11% of students left for other regions of Ukraine, 20% - in Russia.
Education in schools on the territory controlled by the DNI, will not begin before October 1st.
However, the teacher will come to work on 1 September.
Completed investigation of Tu-204 at Vnukovo in 2012
Russia's Investigative Committee has completed investigation of the criminal investigation into the crash of the Tu-204 at Vnukovo airport in December 2012.
It was reported today in the RF IC.
"Moscow Interregional Investigation Department of Transport Investigative Committee of Russia completed a criminal investigation opened into the accident aircraft TU-204 of airline" Red Vingz "Vnukovo Airport December 29, 2012, on the grounds of crime under part 3 st.263 the Criminal Code / violation of safety rules and operation of air transport, resulting in the death of two or more persons / "- said the agency.
The cause of the disaster began to crew the failure of standard procedures and increased approach speed.
George Webster accused of rape in a hotel in Nairn and Pitlochry
A man appeared in court on charges of rape of women in the two hotels.
George Webster, 28, is charged during the hearing of the High Court in Glasgow.
Presumably, he raped a woman in a hotel "Skotland'z" in Pitlochry, Perthshire, June 7, 2013.
It is alleged that Webster attacked her when she was "unconscious, asleep, and was not able to give consent."
In addition, Webster is accused of raping another woman in the hotel "Golf View" in Nairn, which is located in North Highlands, May 4, 2014.
Lady Judge Ray scheduled a hearing in the High Court in Edinburgh on 17 November.
Lavrov: Russia will not "slam the door" in connection with the new sanctions and will not come out of the WTO
Russia will not "slam the door" in connection with the new sanctions.
This was stated by Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov, speaking before students and faculty at MGIMO.
As for our response measures in case of a new wave of anti-Russian sanctions, I'm not even going to speculate, to dream, because everything must be specifically designed, - he said.
And when we understand what were honored at this time the European and American partners, then we will make decisions about how to respond to it.
It will not be due to the slamming doors, some offenses, false witnesses, - said the minister.
We, first of all, we proceed from our interests, protect the interests of its economy, the social sphere, our citizens, our businesses and make inferences from the partners for their adequacy, reliability and negotiability.
For the steps that have been taken in the field of sanctions can be a very good judge, then seek partners, - continued the Foreign Minister.
If you speak in a loud voice, "they sanctions will also be painful for us, but we have to go for it, to punish Russia," - it's probably not very adequate. "
With regard to the WTO RF output in response to possible new sanctions, it is not.
We, on the contrary, we want to actively learn the tools of the WTO, including when it comes to trade disputes, - Lavrov said.
We have involved the tools to overcome, as we consider the discriminatory policy of the EU in relation to anti-dumping procedures.
According to the minister, Russia is accused of dumping, and thus used against industries of Russia anti-dumping measures.
"We are ready to Operate the mechanisms of the WTO and to defend our position on the inadmissibility apply the rules of the EU Third Energy retrospectively", - Lavrov said.
How to use the lilac in garden design?
Questions answered by Irina Okunev:
Because after flowering lilac loses its main attraction, it is desirable to be planted with other shrubs.
It goes well with many cultures.
And next to the siren can be and should be planted as plants, decorative at other times, and flowering at the same time with her.
Another plus of lilacs is that it provides plenty of opportunities for creativity.
You can create a small tree stam its various heights, an improved bush, shrub with a broad base, and even the likeness of a garden of bonsai - tree with fancifully bent trunks.
Just select a form that is more consistent with the design of your garden.
In Karelia, for the sale of counterfeit money was sentenced resident of the Leningrad Region
According to the republican Interior Ministry, the man was engaged in the criminal fishing in Olonets and Segezha region.
Apart from Karelia, he committed similar crimes in other regions of the country.
In particular, the defendant had already inherited in the Vologda region, where in the spring of this year he was sentenced to two and a half years in prison.
Later, a man appeared before the District Court of Olonets.
And for the investigation of crimes committed in our country, I was transferred to Segezha.
In the course of the investigation proven guilty on several counts of sale of counterfeit money, related to the summer of 2013.
At the end of June this year the criminal case with the indictment was sent to the court.
On Friday, August 29, the court ruled to replace a prison sentence of four years in a penal colony.
The sentence has not entered into force.
Recall, last week convicted two traffickers of counterfeit money that were paid by them in the shops of Petrozavodsk.
Citizens of Azerbaijan came to Karelia from St. Petersburg.
One of them was imprisoned for five years, the other - a four.
Each fined 500 thousand rubles.
The verdict in force has not yet entered.
In Arkhangelsk marked the 73rd anniversary of the arrival of the first convoy "Dervish"
The rally, which was held in the regional center, was dedicated to the first Arctic convoy.
"Dervish" delivered in the USSR military aid from the US and the UK.
In Arkhangelsk rally was held in memory of the foundation stone of the future monument to participants of the northern convoys, which is located on the waterfront in the name Sedov Solombala.
The event brought together representatives of veterans' organizations of Arkhangelsk, the children of the cadet class.
For the first time we met twenty-three years ago, when the foundation stone was laid.
But at the same time, today's event is not a holiday, the day of memory of those who did not return the sea ", - said chairman of the council of veterans of the Northern Shipping Company, Boris Karpov.
Then, the event was made by the city brass band, and the pupils of cadet classes presented flowers and veterans marched with flags of Russia and the banner of victory.
The meeting ended with the laying of flowers to the foundation stone.
Himself convoy consisted of five British ships and a Dutch transport loaded strategically important raw materials (10 000 tons of rubber, 1,500 tons of shaped shoes, tin, wool and a variety of other tools and equipment).
Also on board was and military equipment and armament - 3800 depth charges and magnetic mines, fifteen fighters "Hurricane", a disassembled state.
This escort convoy consisted of 16 ships of the Navy of Great Britain, among whom were two aircraft carriers.
Convoy was detected enemy and safely reached the destination - Arkhangelsk.
A total of 848 ships took part in the vital operations for the caravan, killing 126 vehicles and about 50 warships.
As part of the "Amur Autumn" festival to be held amateur cinema
From 10 to 12 September will be held in Blagoveshchensk amateur cinema festival "KinAmur" within "the Amur autumn".
Local film enthusiasts can take part in workshops and shows the festival of theater and cinema.
September 10, participants' KinAmura "will take part in a master class of famous directors, meetings and show" shorties ":" Man is good, "" Heading into the Orange "," Aris-field. "
Special Screenings will take place on September 11, "The fire board under the" Seeds of the Siberian director Rudenko.
September 12 will take place the solemn closing of the festival "KinAmur", which will be summed up and the winners of the festival.
Amateur Film Competition will be held in several categories.
For the first time will participate cartoons: the festival of animated film selected 3.
Total participated in the festival 11 authors.
The following year, the participants are planning to exhibit at the Russian level, the press service of the city administration.
Remembering the very American ideal that labor rights - they are human rights
Congressmen Keith Ellison and John Lewis have offered legislation that the organization of trade unions is protected as a civil right.
"Where are the trade unions, there are and the jobs of the middle class," said Ellison, a Democrat from Minnesota, who is co-chairman of the Congress of the Progressive Faction.
That is why I am proud to represent the act of expanding the rights of workers, together with the symbol of the civil rights movement by John Lewis.
This innovative bill would give workers the same legal possibilities for discrimination against trade union organizations, which in other forms of discrimination, stopping force opponents of trade unions
Amendment of regulation of labor relations in such a way as to allow workers who face discrimination for their participation in trade union organizations, to seek justice in civilian courts - and to receive compensation for damages and punitive damages - reasonable and necessary initiative.
However, this is certainly not a radical initiative - at least by American standards.
In fact, the best way to understand is that the offer Allison Lewis et al bills - remember very American idea.
Despite the attacks, which the unions have been in recent years - in Wisconsin, Michigan and other states across the nation - Americans once supported the country all over the world to take expand and respect labor rights.
There was a time that is still remembered by millions of Americans, at a time when this country is to defend democracy, freedom of speech, freedom of the press and the right to organize.
When the United States occupied Japan after World War II, General Douglas MacArthur and his aides helped the country to adopt a constitution drawn up so as to ensure that Hideki Tojo militarized autocracy was replaced by democracy.
Fully aware that workers and their trade unions play a role in the formation of a new Japan, they have included a text that explicitly recognize that "the right of workers to organize and to negotiate and to take collective action is guaranteed."
When the United States occupied Germany after World War II, General Dwight David Eisenhower and his aides helped the Germans to write a constitution that guaranteed that Adolf Hitler's fascism was replaced by a strong democracy.
Recognizing that workers will have to organize themselves and to be heard in the new state, the Germans included an article that openly stated: "The right to form associations in order to protect and improve working and economic conditions is guaranteed to everyone and to each profession or field of activity.
Agreements that restrict or seek to undermine this right will have no legal force; measures for these purposes will be considered illegal.
When the former first lady Eleanor Roosevelt chaired the International Commission on Human Rights, which was the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, which in 1948 will be adopted by the United Nations as a global agreement, Roosevelt and the drafters included a guarantee that "everyone has the right to organize and join trade unions for the protection of his interests. "
Generations of Americans have taken for granted the basic position that the labor rights - they are human rights.
When this country is consulted others on how to create a civil and democratic society, Americans were told that the right to organize trade unions - and the fact that the union was involved as an equal partner in collective bargaining with corporations and government agencies - should be protected.
Now, when these rights are under attack in America, it is wise, indeed, go back to the American ideal that working people should have the right to organize and to have their voices heard in a free and open society.
As the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. said, fifty years ago:
History - a great teacher.
Now everyone knows that the trade union movement does not undermine the strength of the nation, but increased them.
Raising the living standards of millions, labor miraculously created a market for the industry and the whole nation rose to an unimaginable level of production.
Those who attack the unions, forget these simple truths, but history remembers them.
History remembers how should we.
Official recognition of labor rights as human rights - and the expansion of civil rights, to prevent discrimination against trade union organizations - is long overdue.
Keith Ellison and John Lewis revive the ideals that America has historically expanded and made a promise of democracy a reality.
Judge temporarily blocks a law that would close all the clinics in Louisiana abortnye
In the United States, a federal judge on Sunday temporarily blocked the enactment of the law of Louisiana, which his supporters say he is likely to close five abortnyh clinics in the state.
According to this measure, which was signed into law by the Governor of Louisiana Bobby Dzhinadlom in June and was to enter into force on 1 September, the doctors who do abortions, had to have the authority to receive patients in the hospital within 30 miles of their practice.
However, the judge's decision means that for the time doctors can continue to make legal abortion, while continuing to seek such authority.
"The plaintiffs will be allowed to work legally, continuing actions to obtain powers," wrote in his decision Judge John deGrevellz.
A hearing will be scheduled during the month in which the judge will issue a more permanent solution for this law.
Advocates of abortion rights gladly welcomed this decision, the latest in a string of decisions against similar measures, saying it would give doctors more time to the hospital authority.
"Today's decision ensures that women will be protected from Louisiana insidious law, which seeks to ensure that deprive them of their health and rights," said Nancy Nortap, president and director of the Center for Reproductive Rights, which filed a lawsuit to stop the operation of the law on behalf of three of the five clinics in the state.
It was not immediately apparent whether the decision to the doctors of the two hospitals, which are not a plaintiff in the case, and also applied for authority to receive.
Louisiana included in the 11 states that have adopted such laws, and the courts have recently recognized such measures as unconstitutional in Alabama and Mississippi.
The key parts of Texas law that would close most of the remaining hospitals in the state have been blocked by a federal judge on Friday.
Fighters for the right to abortion, along with the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists and the American Medical Association say that the laws of the receiving powers impose restrictions on doctors that are not essential from the point of view of medicine.
Opponents of abortion argue that such measures are aimed at protecting women's health, although some also noted the positive effect of the closing of clinics.
Only one doctor who does abortions in Louisiana, has the authority to receive at the hospital, said the Center for Reproductive Rights.
If all the other doctors in the state will be forced to stop performing this procedure, the doctor, fearing for his safety, would have ceased to carry out this procedure, the group said.
Criticizing the decision, Louisiana officials said they will not punish doctors for abortion, as long as their application for authority to receive offers solutions.
What effect will the introduction of quotas for domestic products
At least half of the products for each type of product in the range of retail chains have to be produced in Russia, said State Duma deputy from the faction "Fair Russia" Oleg Nilov.
The MP has prepared a bill aimed at introducing protective measures for domestic producers, the newspaper "Izvestia".
The document has to be detailed, to avoid possible discomfort to the customers.
This applies to products that are not produced in Russia. <...> For other product groups, which are produced in Russia, the retailer will have to give at least half their shelves to domestic producers "- said Nilov edition.
Together with the amendments to the article "On the Fundamentals of State Regulation of Trade in the Russian Federation," the bill provides for amendments to the Tax Code, establishing a reduced VAT rate of 10% in the sale of products produced in Russia.
The idea to introduce a 50% quota of -protsentnuyu retail chains included in the stimulus package for Russian producers.
On the shelves will be several times larger than domestic goods.
However, the initiative can have both positive and negative effects, experts say.
According to the lawyer of "tax collector", a member of an independent center of expertise "Public Duma" Sergey Litvinenko, the Russian economy, as well as for domestic agricultural and food industries, the effect will be positive and will lead to growth.
In the black farmers will be farmers, small shops.
They will be able to sell more, and it means that profits will grow.
In addition, they will have the right to dictate their terms to retailers and prices, because they are forced to buy their goods.
Russian manufacturers will be able to increase the volume of its operations and sales, leading to the payment of higher taxes than before.
This will increase the budget revenues, create new jobs, some industries will expand, some quickly learn, will contribute to GDP growth.
Russia's dependence on foreign food will drop by several times, though not at once, "- said the expert.
Earlier, Russian companies often could not get on the shelves of local stores because of high competition from foreign counterparts.
Now, after the embargo, this niche is cleared and you can breathe a sigh of relief.
But do not forget that after all the necessary approvals and sanitary checks on the Russian market will be food from Latin America, Turkey and Serbia.
In other words, now is the "moment of silence" when former players have gone and the new has not yet come.
After almost a month, you can talk about the increased demand for domestic raw materials, as well as a rise in prices for finished products ", - said AiF.ru First Vice-President of Russian public organization" Russian club CFOs ", PhD Tamara Kasyanov.
Clearly, the idea is to sell in each category at least 50% of the Russian food products will consolidate the sector by local producers.
In this case, they will compete with each other rather than with goods, which by another state subsidies, are cheaper.
In other words, the struggle for the buyer will be between the companies operating on the same laws of the industry.
On the other hand, said Kasyanov, Russian producers are able to meet 50% of domestic needs of compatriots is not in all respects.
In this situation, commercial networks have to "hold out" the share of Russian goods to half of the range.
Therefore it is increasing concern that the counters arrive substandard products.
Perhaps, under the guise of Russian-made products will be shipped overseas with broken labels ", - the expert adds.
The negative effect of the introduction of quotas will feel the large retail chains, especially those that are profitable to cooperate with the importers.
It is logical that in this situation suffer themselves foreign suppliers, as demand for their products drop.
Litvinenko did not rule out that the law on quotas for domestic goods can affect the consumers.
The fact that some Russian products are inferior in quality to foreign analogues, while shops will be able to raise prices in the second, as a scarce commodity.
About forgotten in the early 2000s, the idea of ​​import substitution economists talking again in February this year because of the continuing devaluation of the ruble.
Who is the background of difficult relations with the West, the issue of failure of imported products becomes even more relevant.
The law is designed to oblige retailers in the formation of orders to suppliers to reckon with domestic producers.
Then we are much faster and more confidently take the path of import substitution, and the system of production planning required for types of products will be created in a short period of time ", - says MP Oleg Nilov.
A particularly effective mechanism for those quotas will be the agricultural sector, where the potential is particularly high, such as in the dairy industry, where the share of imports was 25%.
Our farmers are actually able to fully cover the shelves of Russian stores.
In addition, a powerful impetus can get and meat production.
As you know, the greatest share of imports is maintained for beef - from 30% to 35%.
So, 65-70% is still on Russian products, "- says Kasyanov.
Experts are of the opinion that the introduction of quotas for domestic products will contribute to import substitution, and can speed up the process.
However, on its own initiative to import substitution, this will not lead, because it requires a set of measures, sure Litvinenko.
In any case, 50% of the goods sold under this initiative may still be imported from abroad, which means that the full import substitution will not happen, but significant steps in this direction will be done.
Besides, a little set quotas, we must also establish the country's domestic production of products to fulfill the quota.
These quotas just such assurances and provide ", - says the expert.
Untimely diagnosis and lack of access to optimal treatment indicate that ovarian cancer rural kills more
Angelina Jolie and her brother James published a video memory of their late mother, who died of ovarian cancer in 2007.
Women proschivayuschie rural Australia, face a higher risk of death from ovarian cancer than in urban areas.
The researchers analyzed the maps of the disease more than 1,100 Australian women diagnosed with "ovarian cancer" in 2005, finding that only 35 percent survived five years after diagnosis.
Lead researcher Susan Jordan from the Institute of Medical Research QIMR Berghofer said that the probability of dying during the study by 20 percent higher for those who live in the regions and remote areas of the state than those living in urban areas.
A little research: New drugs can slow lung cancer and ovarian cancer
Medical researchers have traced the path of women in seven years.
Dr. Jordan said that the woman's age at diagnosis, type of ovarian cancer, the presence of current disease and socioeconomic status also affect the probability of survival.
Older women and those who have had cancer at a later stage at diagnosis, had the lowest survival rates.
For those who live in remote areas or regions of the state, the probability of dying during the study was 20 percent higher than for those who lived in urban areas.
Although the study was not designed to determine why women who live outside the cities are more likely to die from ovarian cancer, Dr. Jordan suggested that late diagnosis and lack of access to optimal treatment - possible factors.
"This disease is best treated by surgeons specializing in gynecologic oncology, and they are mostly located in large cities," she said.
Despite the improvement of the quality of telemedicine services, to reduce the influence of the distance, it is suggested that the increase in the number of services on the road that will allow professionals to treat women closer to home, and support programs for people undergoing treatment far from home, can help.
Dr. Jordan said that regardless of geographic location, the study found that long-term survival among women with ovarian cancer was rare, stressing the need for more effective strategies for treatment and prevention.
The study, funded by Rio Tinto Ride to Conquer cancer, will be published today in the Medical Journal of Australia.
In March 2012, at age 33, a young mother with Gold Coast Elisha Neve said that she had an aggressive form of ovarian cancer.
In September, the district will open its doors Kuzhenerskom new FAP
Construction of the medical establishment in the village of Toktaybelyak was launched in April this year and was conducted on a standard project.
The cost of the work amounted to slightly more than 10 million rubles.
According to the Office of Public Relations and Information of the Head of Mari El, financing construction of the facility was carried out at the expense of the republican budget in accordance with the targeted investment program.
Total area built medical facility of nearly 230 square meters.
It will provide medical assistance to residents of the eight settlements: villages and hamlets Toktaybelyak Dementieva Pyuncheryumal, Tunya, Fomichev, Toraybelyak, Shinur and Chashkayal.
New medical stations will replace the current FAP building was constructed in 1918 and has long exhausted its resources, and its premises do not meet sanitary requirements.
The new institution will be opened in the near future.
Who killed the son of four-drunk novocheboksarka appear before court
A resident of Chuvashia is on trial for the murder of his own child.
In Cheboksary completed the investigation of the criminal case against 31-year-old resident of Novocheboxarsk accused of causing death by negligence.
The investigation revealed that on 26 July this year, the accused, together with his son came to the four-month celebration of the birth of the child of his godfathers to Cheboksary.
After a lengthy feast novocheboksarka decided to stay away and put the baby to sleep.
When the night the baby woke up and cried, intoxicated woman put it beside him on the bed to breast feed, but soon fell asleep.
During sleep, the woman fell upon her son, as a result he died from asphyxiation.
The criminal case, the press-service of SU TFR Chuvashia, sent to court.
Inflation went from vacation.
Do Russians feel a sharp rise in prices
As a result, the cross of the Russian Federation and Western sanctions, inflation in Russia will accelerate and will not keep within government projections, analysts believe "VTB Capital."
According to experts, the effects of deferred antisanktsy lead to inflationary shock in the first quarter of 2015, RBC Daily.
According to the latest forecast of the Ministry of Economic Development, in 2014 inflation will be 6.5-7.5% next year and even less - 6.5%.
However, according to the newspaper "Kommersant", this week's MED should make "a small but principled" adjustments in macroeconomic forecast till 2017.
According to the newspaper, the agency may lower the estimate of inflation for 2015 that would eliminate the anticipated zero growth in household incomes.
The forecast assumes that the Russian food sanctions are year - until August 2015.
As in such a situation could assume such a high inflation?
The current situation involves a one-off shock, but the downward trend of inflation will not change, "- said the source of the newspaper in the Finance Ministry.
Economists of the "VTB Capital" do not share the expectations of the financial and economic bloc of the government with respect to inflation and forecast a rise in prices in 2014 at 8%.
The main effect of product bans will come together with the possible introduction in the Russian regions of the sales tax (EPT) in 2015, experts are convinced.
Inflation peak of 9% will be in February, after which the annual rate of price growth will decline, experts say.
Incidentally, last week, Rosstat summarized the first results of inflation after the RF has introduced "neat sanctions."
AiF.ru interviewed experts and seek their inflation expectations.
Artem Deev, head of analytical department of FC AForex:
The rise in prices has been the main segments of the goods.
Moreover, when they began to go up socially important products, the government was forced to start the action system monitoring price stability in order to prevent the risk of unjustified price increases in the short term.
Suppliers and retailers are already accountable on a daily basis to the regulatory authorities, the authorities knew exactly who, when and for what reason triggers price increases.
Key factors in the growth of consumer price index continues to be a whopping rate of outflow of capital, excessive refinancing of the banking sector on the part of the Russian mega-regulator, the internal conversion due to the flight of the population in foreign currency, as well as an embargo on the import of food products from countries that have joined the sanctions against Russia.
If inflationary pressures remained under control, the value of the basket of the minimum set of food jumped to 12% in just one quarter.
The ban on the import of food supply shock provoked in the domestic market and has led to a completely logical increase in the final cost.
As at this stage we are unable to fully launch the mechanism of import substitution and increase the self-sufficiency of the Russian market through domestic production, retaliatory sanctions will continue to bear the risks of rising inflationary component.
If you add more and fiscal reasons related to the lack of confidence in the national currency, as well as impaired the prospects of economic growth by the end of the year inflation could exceed 8%.
Razuvaev Alexander, director of the analytical department of the "Alpari"
In 90 years, inflation sometimes reached 20-30% per month, zero it was also higher than the current level, the other thing is that if this is offset by the rapid economic growth.
I think, at the end of the year inflation will be 8-8.5%.
Plato Maguta, the asset manager of the Criminal Code "Fund Maguta"
Externalities associated with sanctions against Russia as well constrained, but if there is a further increase in pressure, especially on the financial sector - it can lead to certain difficulties and increase the inflationary expectations of the population, which usually appear in traditional purchases of currency for to protect their savings.
We can assume that the government, the Central Bank and Ministry of Finance will try to soften the smooth devaluation of the ruble, as the market methods, and government regulation.
But the rise in prices has traditionally begins after the summer lull, and perhaps this fall will be more tangible.
The target level of consumer inflation in Russia 7.5%, most likely, will stand as the Russian Federation has more financial savings.
Gardening centers saddened by reducing the number of homeowners
This decline, due to an exceptional reduction in the number of homeowners at least 35 years of age, can lead to the fact that the garden centers will save tens of millions of pounds a year, when today's young consumers reached "the age of the main gardening", according to a study HTA, reported by the Financial Times.
According to the report, people who rent housing, spending an average of 55 percent of the amount that homeowners spend on gardening.
It mentions an increase in the number of people living in highly urbanized areas without gardens, paving the popularity front yard for parking and reducing the size of the garden as other factors that pose threat to the industry, which has annual sales, is estimated at £ 5 billion.
In Greater London, where the number of homeowners has fallen from 61 per cent to 43 per cent in six years, the lowest in the UK the level of spending on items for gardeners in the household.
HTA and the Royal Horticultural Society reported that rental housing and the lack of space for a garden does not mean that people can not grow plants.
Guy Barter, chief adviser on gardening in the RHS, said: "Growing plants in containers, for example, is particularly popular with tenants who can carry the plants with them when they move."
HTA report identified between 1997 and 2005 as the "golden age" retailer of gardening as a result of increasing the number of homeowners and economic prosperity of the late 1980s to the mid-1990s.
It also predicted that the market will improve this year thanks to the good weather after adverse conditions in March and April of last year.
The Ministry of Agriculture of Bulgaria held a mass purge of the Fund "Agriculture"
Three of the four chiefs of the Fund "Agriculture" was replaced on Friday.
In total, three of the four chiefs of the Fund "Agriculture" was replaced on Friday.
Officially, the Ministry of Agriculture of Bulgaria reported only on the dismissal of the executive director Atanas Dobrev.
His place was taken by Lausanne Vassileva.
It turned out that on Friday quietly were changed and two of the three deputy executive director of the fund.
Released Deputy Executive Director Tatyana Angelova, which until that time was in charge of state aid and the program SAPARD, BGNES reported citing the newspaper "Trud".
I was not present at the council fund managers, because by law we are not members of the leadership, but I was told later that I was released.
I can not say why my dismissal has not reported on the website of the fund.
I'm on vacation.
I hope that I know more on Monday, "- said the publication Angelova.
It takes place Ivanka Bagdatova which until now has been the head of "investment crediting" in the central fund "Agriculture" in Sofia.
He was released as the deputy executive director Nikolai Dachev.
Until that moment, he was responsible for direct subsidies to the fields, the EU paid.
In its place will be appointed Zhivko Zhivkov, who was the chief of the regional directorate of the fund "Agriculture" in Veliko Tarnovo until January 2014.
Only retained his post Deputy Head of Fund Atidzhe Veli Aliyev.
Currently, she is responsible for rural development programs.
The official reasons for all the changes in the department are not mentioned.
Turkey is an American diplomat in connection with the communication of espionage
The Turkish Foreign Ministry has caused the highest-ranking US diplomat in the country for clarification of the report on the American and British spies in Turkey.
Deputy Prime Minister Bulent said that the US charge d'affaires and Turkish officials discussed the report on Monday.
The German magazine "Der Spiegel" and the online magazine "The Intercept" reported that the documents provided by former National Security Agency analyst Edward Snowden United States, show that Turkey was a priority object of intelligence for the US and British intelligence services.
According to Turkish news agencies, President Recep Tayyip Erdogan has played down the importance of the message, saying that the country's leading spy on each other.
Previously reported information that the Central Intelligence Agency in Germany has also made Ankara object exploration, cause more angry response from the Turkish government.
The largest Chinese companies united against Alibaba
Chinese companies, including China's largest commercial real estate developer Dalian Wanda Group and the Internet giant Tencent Holdings (social networks, messenger, etc.) And Baidu (China's largest search engine), creating a company that will compete in the market of online trading with Alibaba.
However, catch up with the miracle of the Chinese Internet, which has left behind even their US rivals - eBay and Amazon.com, will not be easy.
Union's largest
The companies plan to invest in a joint venture five billion yuan ($ 814 million), 70% of it is owned by Wanda and 15% - each of Internet companies, said the Wanda Group.
Register a company is planned in Hong Kong.
The joint venture will bring together Baidu search services with popular social platform WeChat (the largest social network in China, where the number of users is about 438 million people), Tencent and infrastructure Wanda.
In addition to a network of 40 luxury hotels Wanda Group controls a minimum of 49 commercial properties across China and 40 shopping centers.
Last year, the company invested 50 billion yuan (more than US $ 8 billion) in the construction of the film studio and theme park in Qingdao (city in eastern China on the Yellow Sea).
It is expected that the project will attract over 1 million visitors each year and make a profit of $ 960 million.
In addition, Wanda owned US cinema chain AMC Entertainment Holdings, which makes the company the largest operator of cinemas in the world.
By 2015, Wanda plans to equip all of its owned shopping centers, hotels and entertainment services e-commerce, the development of which will take just created a rival Alibaba.
According to Tse Tung, who will head the new company by combining Wanda will increase the number of users of its e-commerce services from the current 40 million to 100 million by next year.
The new site should be the world's largest online-to-offline platform, says Tse Tung.
The essence of the online-to-offline (O2O) commerce is to attract customers to the Internet so that they come in the usual offline stores, or buy other traditional services.
A classic example is O2O services for the sale of coupons like Groupon or Vigoda.ru.
"O2O - the largest" pie "in online commerce," - said the head of Wanda Wang Jianlin (quoted by Bloomberg).
"Who is this site O2O in China does not exist, and in this situation the chances of approximately equal", - he said.
Chinese e-commerce market - the largest in the world and is estimated to McKinsey & Co., its volume will increase more than threefold by 2015 compared with 2011, to $ 395 billion.
The number of Chinese Internet users has grown to 632 million, resulting Bloomberg official statistics: it is more than the population of any country in the world except India.
And according to forecasts, by 2015 this number could grow to 850 million people.
Union richest
The head of Tencent Ma Huaten until recently, was the richest man in China, however, according to the index of millionaires to Bloomberg, founder of Alibaba Jack Ma has already overtaken it at $ 5.5 billion.
Status Jack Ma is estimated at $ 21.8 billion, of which $ 11 billion account for its share in Alibaba.
The head of Robin Li Baidu currently ranks third among the richest people in China, while Wang Jianlin of Wanda - the fourth place ranking.
"For this battle is very interesting to see: the three richest man join forces to challenge even more rich" - said the director of the Bloomberg Chinese Center for the Study of e-commerce in Hangzhou Cao Lei.
But he believes that the new company is unlikely to seriously compete with Alibaba immediately after creation: "Rome can not be built in one day."
The fact that Alibaba is not so easy to compete not only new businesses, but also honored the leaders of the world of e-commerce, suggests a report published on the eve of Alibaba's financial performance for the last quarter.
Alibaba is often described as a cross between eBay and Amazon.com, but from April to June, the Chinese company has earned more than its two US rivals combined.
Alibaba's net profit for the period is almost two times higher than the summed indicator of competition - it has grown almost three times year on year to $ 1.99 billion.
"Alibaba still has tremendous potential to generate money, thanks largely to their mobile applications", - said an analyst at Bloomberg report Hong Kong Arete Research Service.
According to the updated prospectus Alibaba site of the Securities and Exchange Commission, the number of active users of mobile services companies in July amounted to 188 million, which significantly exceeds the March figure (163 million people).
At the same time 32.8% of all transactions in the last quarter Alibaba accounted for mobile devices.
Alibaba will be called the value of their shares before the IPO.
The median estimate of 11 analysts surveyed by Bloomberg, the company could be valued at $ 187 billion after the sale of the shares.
According to sources, Bloomberg, Alibaba's debut on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) could take place on September 16.
Road-show of the company, prior to this event, starts on September 3.
It is expected that the output of Alibaba's IPO will be a record in the history of the NYSE and will allow the company to raise about $ 20 billion.
So far, the record for the volume of attracted funds on US exchanges belonged payment system Visa, which in 2008 completed an initial public offering of its shares, earning it $ 17.9 billion.
At least half of food products in retail chains should be Russian-made, according to the State Duma.
They have developed a bill on this subject.
We are talking about amending the article. 8 of the Federal Law "On the basis state regulation of commercial activities in the Russian Federation" and the Tax Code.
The purpose of the document - the introduction of protective measures against the Russian food producers.
Important clarification, according to the bill, no less than 50 percent of domestic production of food in the stores should be for each type of product.
However, the document will be taken into account that there are goods that are not produced in Russia, for example, fruits and vegetables in the winter, so they will make a "discount" to avoid possible discomfort to the customers.
At the same time the draft law introduces changes in the Tax Code of the Russian Federation establishing a reduced VAT rate of 10% for the implementation of all food products, country of origin is Russian, the newspaper "Izvestia".
August 27 in the lower house of parliament was submitted a draft law on amendments to the Law "On the retail markets", which offers to revive Russia's farmers' markets, where small producers can sell their products.
Police chief Magaluf charged with corruption
The plaintiffs presented evidence of extortion by police officers and officials of the municipality of Calvia in Mallorca office of the public prosecutor on Friday.
The police chief of Calvia on the resort island of Mallorca has been arrested as a result of allegations of corruption on the part of businessmen and owners of bars in the center of the infamous Magaluf rampant alcoholism.
Chief Inspector Jose Antonio Navarro was taken into custody as a result of accusations of corruption leveled against him by several businessmen from Punta Ballena, the street on which the majority of bars and nightclubs in Magaluf.
According to the daily online edition of Mallorca Diario, the plaintiffs presented evidence of extortion by police officers and officials of the municipality of Calvia in Mallorca prosecutor's office to fight corruption on Friday.
Two others were arrested by local police guards of the National Guard of Spain in connection with allegations of corruption and will be questioned by a judge, along with Navarro.
The Spanish edition of the daily ABC reported that disgruntled owners of nightclubs say that protectionism on the part of authorities to seriously reflect on the state of their business.
"It is no longer a question of how to make money, it is about how to survive," he said the court is one of the businessmen.
We can not jeopardize our livelihood.
We have nothing to lose.
Magaluf hit the international headlines this summer after a popular video on YouTube, which was shown 18-year-old British holidaymaker, do blowjob 24 men during the race on bars.
The authorities of the island since then trying to stop drunken hooliganism among vacationers Magaluf, minimizing the number of notorious alcoholic races on bars.
In addition, the club Playhouse, where the incident occurred to the blow, was forced to close for a year, while the Playhouse and the organizers of the race on bars Carnage together were fined € 55,000 ($ 73,000).
The tourist resort of Magaluf is mainly popular among young British holidaymakers, it has also been the site of numerous accidents while intoxicated related to mad fun known as "balkoning" when people jump from one balcony to another, or from the balcony of the hotel pool.
The first day of spring is marked with wet and windy conditions that affected the flights to Adelaide Airport
SPRING prepared cold surprise in the south of South Australia, bringing heavy rains and strong winds that affected the flights to Adelaide airport.
Another 5 mm of rain fell on the city in the evening at 9 pm, followed by 6.6 mm, which fell on Sunday night.
The latter was preceded by two short rain showers with gusty winds, including a storm that nachalalas shortly before 8 pm and poured nearly 4 mm in about 10 minutes.
After the winter was an early portion of the spring last week, the temperature dropped again on Monday to a maximum of just 15,8C in the city.
Squally conditions are supposed to have served as one of the reasons for the delay planting Virgin Airlines flight from Melbourne to Adelaide.
The plane was scheduled to land just after 7:30 pm, but was in the area of ​​wind shear - a sudden change in wind speed or direction over a short distance - and was forced to climb.
Wind gusts reached 50 km / h on the ground at the airport of Adelaide at this time.
Flight data showed that the aircraft had to climb during the second landing, and the plane eventually landed around 8:40 pm.
The delay of the flight caused the subsequent delay of several other flights, including flights from Dubai Emirates and Qantas flight from Sydney.
Maximum 16C projected in Adelaide on Tuesday, with a probability of one or two showers.
The calculation of the estimate of construction projects in the Russian Federation will be a new
Questions of pricing, regulation of the construction industry, as well as connectivity problems, the Federal Antimonopoly Service takes on a special control.
When you set up the FAS Expert Council on the development of competition in the construction industry.
At its meeting the head of the Control Department of Housing, Construction and Natural Resources of FAS Vadim Solovyov said that "today's settlement estimates of construction projects is absolutely incomprehensible."
The regulatory framework does pricing opaque and could lead to unreasonable costs of construction, according to FAS.
And offer the cost of construction objects of state property at the design stage based on market prices instead of constructive solutions used today estimated norms and unit prices in the manufacturing operations.
The proposals made in the "road map" and now under consideration in Ministry of Construction.
"Replacing traditional estimates in construction calculations of structural elements should lead to less corruption in the industry - said the" RSL "Vadim Solovyov.
For now, the estimate is computed every bolt and nut, and is not always possible to check everything, so sometimes the documentation unscrupulous construction companies can bury "the whole of the tractor."
The Ministry of Construction agreed with FAS.
"The first studies for the transition to the calculation of the cost of structural elements already have: A method for calculating the price of design solutions, cost estimates for these indicators, - told the" RSL "head of the department of architecture and town-planning activities Ministry of Construction Elena Zhukova.
As the pilot selected the field of road construction.
However, experts believe that the problem is much more serious.
As the "RSL" the head of the construction company "Pro-Invest" Anatoly Demyanenko, estimate standards are outdated, but some other mechanism business is not offered.
"As for the proposed settlement of structural elements, in practice it is hard to implement, since the construction of buildings often use very different technologies", - he said.
It is no secret that stroyrynok develops largely due to the state order.
According to Chairman of the Board of NP "Expert community of professionals in the state order" Catherine Lesina, today the state - the most solvent customer.
The deputy director of engineering branch center of capital construction Rosatom Vladimir Malakhov drew attention to the fact that today the market is divided into companies that have access to a portfolio of contracts and companies with monopoly and competence are not allowed on this field of competitors.
He believes that the creation of a transparent market is possible only under the condition that access to the contracts will be most protected from someone's control action.
On the advisory council was asked to establish a system of public procurement, so that the same contractor is not entitled to receive more than one contract worth more than 1 billion rubles. or several contracts worth more than 1 billion rubles.
The Ministry of Construction is believed that this approach should be evaluated in terms of the impact on business, as well as the efficiency of construction management.
As explained Elena Zhukova, in which case it will be necessary to grant the customer a general contractor functions, resulting in an increase in staff size and budget of the customer maintenance costs.
The specialists of the customer will be required to have the knowledge to assess the quality of work performed by contractors, as well as their safety.
Often, when a breakdown will need to determine who will be responsible for the security of the entire facility.
In addition, this approach may lead to outflow of participants of public procurement in connection with the lack of interest in getting the state order for the amount of part-time work and a small amount of the contract.
The deputy head of Competence Center of the Institute of Alexander procurement Evstashenkov believes that now the procedure of public procurement has become a business game on the care contractor.
And he gave an example: "party in completing the application must indicate" specific performance "without the words" or equivalent "," should "," of "," more "," less "," analog "," or " "Type", "same type", "not less than", "below", "above", "may", "might have," "maybe," "above," "Minimum," "not more than", "permitted", etc.
Thus, customers often abuse their right to establish requirements for the content of the application supplied by contractors.
Another problem 44-FZ, according Evstashenkova was the need to assess at the stage of application performance through the "paper" offering party.
Considering the request to actual can be assessed only qualified contractor, but not the quality of work, which has to fulfill not even begun, - the expert believes.
Quality of work can only be assessed in their acceptance.
On the advisory council was also asked to move from the top marginal income to the lower echelon to have disappeared interim Contractors.
Chairman of the Expert Council, State Secretary, Deputy Head of FAS Andrey Tsarikovsky considers that it should not do, as responsible for the order must contractor.
Otherwise, be prepared as known in the reprise Arkady Raikin "Atelier": "to toggle the claim is?".
Israeli children return to school after the war in Gaza
Thousands of Israeli children in areas near the Gaza Strip again went to school on Monday after having spent the summer in bomb shelters when rockets and mines rain down on their villages during the 50-day war between Israel and Hamas, while schools in the Gaza Strip remained closed while being rebuilt area after the fighting.
Start of school brought a sense of joy and excitement hit by rockets settlements of southern Israel, but traces of the fighting remained fresh.
In the southern city of Ashdod kindergarten staff "Pashosh", which hit a rocket fragments removed traces of the walls and children's slides before the arrival of students.
"We're a little afraid, but gladly look into the future," said Ronit Bart, a resident of Kibbutz Sa'ad and English teacher at his school.
Many children in our area really needs to get back to regular life.
Her 11-year-old daughter, Shani Barth said that suddenly start going back to school "a little strange".
"It was a difficult time, and we did not come out of their homes," she said.
President Reuven Rivlin visited the kibbutz, which is located near the border with Gaza, to express their support.
Before the cease-fire halted the war last week, thousands of residents of border villages such as Saad, do not go outside or have left their homes, fleeing to safer areas further from the Gaza Strip in order to escape from the rocket and mortar fire.
Many people in Nahal Oz settlement near the border with Gaza, where Palestinian splinter mine was killed 4-year-old boy, doubt, that they should go back.
The Ministry of Education reported that about a dozen families have not returned.
Their children were sent to other schools at this time.
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu visited a school in Sderot, a town on the border with Gaza, which is badly affected by Palestinian fire.
He advised the children to carefully study and said, "We will do everything possible to give you the knowledge and to ensure your safety."
Israel and Hamas agreed to an indefinite cease-fire last Tuesday.
The ceasefire immediately put an end to the fighting, but remained unresolved key issues such as requiring Hamas to lift the Egyptian-Israeli blockade of Gaza and the opening of airports and sea ports in Gaza.
Israel wants Hamas to lay down arms and returned the bodies of two Israeli soldiers killed in the war.
It is expected that a new stage of indirect talks will begin later this month in Egypt.
The war killed more than 2,100 Palestinians, including three-quarters were civilians, and at least 494 of the Child, it is estimated the Palestinian side and the UN.
Israel disputes those figures and says that at least half of those killed were militants; Despite this, he has not provided any substantial evidence to support this assertion.
On the Israeli side lost 66 soldiers and six civilians, including a Thai worker.
During the fighting, Hamas and other militants in Gaza fired unit 4591 rockets and mortars at Israeli towns, mainly in the south.
The Israeli army, meanwhile, has conducted more than 5,000 aircraft and other attacks.
As a result of the Israeli attacks were damaged and destroyed thousands of homes in the Gaza Strip, and an estimated 250,000 people have taken refuge in more than 100 schools that have been transformed into shelters.
Due to the fact that tens of thousands of people were still in shelters, and the fighting continued, the officials in charge of education, last week postponed the start of the school year.
"I hope that the school will soon be opened, so we were able to complete our education, the children of the world and Jewish children," said Mohammed Amara, 13-year-old boy, who now lives in one of the schools in Gaza.
According to popular criterion property prices showed the greatest increase in winter in seven years.
The index of housing costs RP Data CoreLogic Hedonic for housing prices in the Australian capital increased by 1.1 percent in August, the RP data reported on Monday.
This increase resulted in a cumulative increase in June, July and August by 4.2 percent, to the largest increase during the winter months from 2007.
The annual price growth was 10.9 percent, more than double the growth in the 12 months to August 2013, but the increase was not evenly distributed across the country.
RP Data research director Tim Lawless said that Sydney and Melbourne are two-tiered market.
RP Data figures show that in Sydney house prices rose by 16.1 percent over the past year, while in Melbourne - by 11.7 percent.
The next power markets were Adelaide, Brisbane and Darwin, where prices rose by an average of five to six percent.
At the other end of the scale I was in Canberra, which was held by government spending cuts, where prices have risen by only 1.4 percent per year.
Mr Lawless said that now, when the spring, there will be a increase in the number of properties for sale in the next few months, it would be "a real challenge" for the market.
"Given the current high rate of auction sales, the overall high rate of sales and the current conditions of low interest rates is likely that house prices will rise further over the next three months," he said.
How do people live in the old house in Ufa
The former home of the gold miners and mine owners Eudokimos and his son Ivan Demidov on the street October Revolution 57/1 (formerly Big Kazan) 18 apartments.
The house of the XVIII century from the time of construction has not changed, except for the dilapidated state.
Strangers come here as a tour, and residents suffer more than happy, on his privileges - the right to live in Ufa's oldest house, whose walls remembered Alexander Suvorov.
Date of construction of the house is inaccurate, historians point to two dates - 1730 and 1737 years.
But in any case, it turns out that the building almost 300 years.
Old yard, always open the door, creaking stairs.
The doors to the apartments are located close to each other, the walls were cracked and peeling plaster from the gaps in places visible to the street.
It seems that everything is kept on parole.
But locals insist: "Do not you think this is true."
To live in a wooden house of the XVIII century is very difficult - says Tatyana Lukyanova, a resident of apartment number 3.
The property is situated in the state protection, but the money for its maintenance is not allocated tens of years, and we feel the museum exhibits, which the authorities have simply forgotten.
The last repair was 40 years ago.
The walls are still more or less kept, but the foundation of the whole rotten.
Many residents still go to the toilet on the street, and washed once a week in a public bath.
How can you be happy in such conditions ?!
The road runs right under the windows, even the pedestrian zone there.
Tatiana pushes the curtain.
Now we see that this was just to hear: the windows of cars rushing stream.
See, glass rattle constantly, windows can not open, and accustomed to the noise.
But the man gets used to everything, for good and bad.
Our apartment has a model, thanks to her husband, his hands were golden.
Moreover, we have two rooms, three of them live with their son.
And other families much worse conditions, on the second floor ceilings are generally a little more than one and a half meters high.
In contrast Tatiana offers come to visit a neighbor of the apartment number 6 Lyudmila Starostin.
A nice friendly woman with a threshold offers a cup of coffee with a sad smile and says:
We have a studio apartment, 14.5 m² for four people, and we live: with my husband and daughter and granddaughter.
I am here since birth, other living space has never been - Lyudmila encircles around the room: mezzanine, two sofas "L"; one of them located granddaughter with laptop.
Very crowded and not much different from the usual domestic interiors: ceilings only beautiful, the "historical".
But from the ceiling regularly flows: water system is no good.
Lyudmila talks about his ordinary apartment and amazing at the same time as the Italian, whose house stands on Roman ruins.
That is driving in an very old and recent, routine and legendary:
Water spent about 40 years ago during the last renovation.
Then we made a small kitchen and a toilet in the cubbyhole of a former closet.
We live just where Demidov lodged with his family, lived on the second floor of the servants.
Our apartment is not privatized, and why?
At the Center for Real Estate in Ufa say privatization is irrelevant.
Still get only one-room apartment, we can not qualify for more.
Already four months ago, we promised to resettle, but then promises did not get.
Not accustomed to complain and I will not.
In this apartment (room!) Lived a whole dynasty: my grandparents, mom and dad, my husband and I and my daughter and granddaughter.
Anything can happen in that time.
For example, a hefty rats running around the kitchen.
Look at the walls of the lodge, they are a meter thick!
They say, the solution was mixed on eggs, so it lasts a long time.
The house was built thoroughly Demidov Thanks!
Perhaps only so long as no one is killed or struck the ceiling pile.
Only the building is still slowly dying in front of us: boards and timber houses are rotting floors have repeatedly failed, we poured the cement, but all to no avail - the solution goes into the ground, as in the well.
They say that is the case - a countersunk hole in our bathroom and the course to the White River, which is specially made once lived here conservatives to be able to escape from the danger, in which case.
They were also persecuted.
Lyudmila Starostin tells how it came to any historian, begging to let him to start excavations in the apartment.
And then he persuaded to give them the living space in exchange for his odnushku at October Avenue.
Lyudmila historian refused:
Where the four of us in odnushku?
But even here there is a tiny hope that will give more spacious housing.
We agree to the exchange, it would not have won.
However, the family did not Starostin won.
The biggest dream Ludmila to be resettled, and a daughter 16-year-old granddaughter was given a separate room.
That is for two families identified bedroom apartment instead of not the most magnificent ruins in which two generations now live.
Cute, petite girl Olesya Karsakova of apartments number 11 and 12 shows the second floor of the house.
There are two small rooms with a total area of ​​close 23m², called apartments, lives her large family.
In total we have seven people, two children.
See for yourself what the conditions.
Plaster falling off in pieces, like windows, the walls in the kitchen and in the rooms through the hole.
The water in the faucet only cold all year.
Walking the flats of the old house in Ufa, we can see that the most fortunate spouse Lavrentiev from the apartment number 4.
They occupy the most spacious room of the first floor.
You're right, a lot of places!
The room of 75 squares, written three people.
We live just in those rooms, where according to legend, Suvorov stayed during his stay in Ufa, - said the head of the family of Alexander D. Lawrence.
The ceilings are high and spacious.
One bad - everything goes to pieces, collapsing, collapsing.
The neighbors probably already told!
Most torment us with floors: wooden planks rotted, the earth literally went from under my feet.
I put the props, wedges; the hall is empty, and go in the other room as a swing to swing, everything is so shaky.
About the house merchant Evdokim Demidov Alexander Dmitrievich can tell better than any guide.
By Goldminers applies to native, speaks of him with admiration.
Indeed, the personality was extraordinary: the owner Kaginskogo and Uzyan plants built houses, cast a cannon and bell, holding the Ural mines.
Heirs of real estate merchant ancestor proud, but to live under one roof with a history longer want.
I lived here as a child in the 40s of XX century, - says Alexander Dmitrievich.
Then, around the premises were wooden carriages, stables and guard booths, subsequently demolished.
In 1968 he wanted to clean our house, but something stopped ...
History repeated itself in 2014: once again beckoned new housing.
We, as a team, have collected all the documents swept the desired instance, and suddenly found that moving to apartments is transferred to 2015 or 2016.
Something not believe in all this ...
Two years ago, Lavrentiev went to the Ministry of Culture of the Republic of Bashkortostan, to learn about the fate of the house.
Officials did not accept the tenant.
Sent from one table to another, and then, as a mockery, given a piece of paper with no signature and seal: "The Ministry of Culture was not opposed to the resettlement of residents."
I even had the feeling that our house is long gone in terms of the city, because at first it was at number 57, then became 57 And, now 57/1.
As if it had demolished in the 70s.
"Russian planet," appealed to the Head of Information and analytical work on the management of land resources in Ufa Vladimir Barabash.
The house on the street October Revolution 57/1 included in the program of resettlement of slum housing.
I can not be responsible for the actions of officials of the 70s, only I know that at the time there was a plan to demolish all the old houses, in spite of historical significance.
Fortunately, this did not happen, and the decision of modern government - to restore all the old houses along the street of the October Revolution, representing the architectural value - succeeds.
Tenants will soon planned to settle on new apartments.
According to Barabash, Demidov will restore the house Italian experts who participated in the restoration of buildings in Venice.
Now Italy passes Architecture Biennale, and the "old Ufa" presented there, among others.
I hope that by 2016 all of the former Old Kazan street will be restored - the official said.
Houses will get a proper view corresponding to the one before, three centuries ago.
Demidov House is likely to become a museum, open to all comers.
In addition, the government has decided to make a weekend out walking.
On weekdays, unfortunately, it will not work, too much congestion in the city.
Russell's people from the future museum Vladimir Barabash promised in 2015.
However, it is unlikely they will be satisfied: their new apartments will be the same area as the current.
Just from a different era.
In Primorye, the storm started a wildfire
Dry storm began to cause a forest fire on the territory of the hunting district forest in Pozharsky District of Primorsky Krai.
In place of the fire is being build-grouping of forces and means.
According to information management KGSBU "Maritime Airbase", to replace the fire conditions require the use of air power.
Vasily Medvedev, deputy head of the airbase:
Fire in difficult terrain, the pilot discovered an observer on board a patrol aircraft An-2 on an area of ​​3 hectares.
Burning woody debris in the old burnt forest.
Strong clutter territory and the steepness of the slope over 45 degrees, the lack of suitable landing paratroopers, fire sites pose significant difficulties in extinguishing.
Need an MI-8 helicopter.
Delivery forces at the disposal of the air base Mi-2 and AN-2 very difficult.
Following the discovery of fire extinguishing were in place quickly planted 4 parachutist-firefighters.
The main task is to extinguish the fire experts and site preparation for the delivery of additional forces and fire extinguishing means.
In the area of ​​lunch in the village of Hunter helicopter brought an additional 3 commando-fire.
Once a playground for landing helicopters in the area of ​​the fire is ready, specialists will be deployed to the site of quenching, the website reported the Primorsky Territory Administration.
Lenny Henry: My father never hugged me.
Never say, "I love you"
Henry was one of seven children born to a family of immigrants from Jamaica in Dudley in the Midlands in 1958.
His father, who died when Henry was 19, worked in a factory, and their relationship was limited.
Henry rehearsing a comedy, "Rudi Rare Records," which is partly based on imaginary conversations with his father, and grew out of a series of programs on Radio 4.
The soundtrack - a mix of reggae and rap and melody - cheerful.
However, Henry had to get through some difficult memories of childhood.
After his mother's death was "a lot" of treatment, in addition, Henry often thinks about the relationship with his father.
He was very inaccessible.
You've never seen his face, you could only hear his voice: "Stop that noise.
Get away from my sister.
Move it!
I want to watch cricket.
My older brothers Seymour and Hilton, who were adults when I was a child, went to the pub with him and talked about such things as the shape of the beer glass, beauty blow to cricket.
I had with him so did not speak.
He was so unsmiling guy in the corner who was reading the newspaper most of my life.
Recently, Henry opened the foundry in Dudley and although conditions are better than in the days of his father, he was able to look at what must have been his life.
Now there is a little bit better, but it's dark, smoky, the depth of the underworld mazes with flashes of fire and smoke and lots of soot.
My father climbed into the tub and just lay there, and you heard as he slowly begins to sing to himself, because he wanted to wash away the foundry.
When I got there, I realized that he was doing it for years and years to make us food, and I began to appreciate him more.
However, Henry came out of the child deprived of parental love.
My father never hugged, I never said "I love you."
Only when my mother became ill at the end of her life, we began to say, "I love you, I love you, I love you.
The birth of his daughter, Billie, from Dawn French, allowing him to share that love with which he lacked as a child.
You can stop it, "I love you"?
Just stop hugging me!
Dad, I'm 22!
With Dawn French.
Why would I be friends with her?
She's a great mom
They're still great friends with the French, to whom he was married for 25 years.
Don - a good man.
Why should not I be friends with Don?
She's a great mom.
The mother of Henry was diabetes.
It was one that kill it.
So when I really, really recovered, and I began to have symptoms of diabetes, my doctor said, "You need to take drastic measures.
Then I started serious training fitensom, and I also had to go on a strict diet to get rid of the symptoms.
It's very hard.
And it's boring.
Nobody eats carrots.
Change of career trajectory Henry reflected, perhaps, in his noble, close-cropped beard.
Since then, he has received critical acclaim for his Othello, he fully immersed himself in the theater.
There was a "Comedy of Errors" and then "Fences," August Wilson.
This work differs from sitcoms and comedies that have been saturated with it's undeniable attribute of professional life.
He began his career when he was 16 and worked in a factory.
DJ remarked as he parodied on the stage, and wrote about it in "New Faces".
His career began in television in the mid-seventies: "For a long time I was the only black parodist / comedian on television."
He studied at work.
I not only had to grow up in the public eye, I had to learn to be an effective vehicle for the delivery of jokes between 1975 and 1985, being the star of working on television, and it was very hard.
Lenny in "New Faces" in 1975
Since his manager had the right to "Black and White Minstrel Show," a light entertainment program, in which people are "black his face," Henry found that it acts within five years.
My family did not like it.
I, like, want to see this never happened to me, but I do not regret doing it.
Although it was a strange, reprehensible position, I worked on large sites and learned to work with the crowd.
But what was the "award winning easy entertaining classic on British television for years and years," and was "a grotesque parody of the black people."
Introducing characters, which mocked the culture of black people in the UK, and sang it, Henry worked in the alternative comedy projects in the eighties.
The first season of "Lenny Henry Show" aired in 1984, and in the nineties it was known as, among other things, the chef Gareth Blacklock of the comedy series "Chef!".
Commercials, documentaries, TV series and movie roles have taken the next ten years of his life, but after his series on the BBC in 2008. "LennyHenry.tv", he thought, "What are you going to do next, Len, because it seems a little bit, time that you pull slowly or turn aside. "
Next was a series of documentaries for Radio 4, entitled "What's great about ...?"
The first was Shakespeare.
I had a real allergy to Shakespeare.
Not that I really learned it in school and I thought it was, in many respects, the prerogative of the white middle-class people with tights and cabbage at the bottom of the front.
So I was very afraid of him.
Everyone who we interviewed for transmission, Peter Hall, Trevor Nunn, Adrian Lester, Judi Dench, said: "You should try it.
Do not scold it until you do not know what to talk about.
Say aloud some of these words, and you will understand why we love Shakespeare.
Henry read the last 20 lines of the monologue, Othello for documentaries, and was hooked.
I had the feeling that I can.
As if my head straightened.
"That's what it is, this is serious business, to take it seriously, teach your text, do a little research.
Thus, the process of rehearsals was tough, and I read this play for months and months before we put it.
And it was a success.
They seemed to be waiting for the disaster, and it did not happen.
Soon we began to "Comedy of Errors".
Suddenly I was in the National Theatre, and I just could not believe it until the end.
There was one moment when I thought, "Oh, you've changed. '"
There was a technical problem, and Henry felt instinctively that his case - to entertain the audience.
"A small voice inside me said," You have to work for 10 minutes, until they are repairing a computer. '"
Instead, assistant director announced that the representation will resume once the problem is solved.
I walked away from the scene, and something in me said, "Oh, thank God."
It's not my responsibility.
I can not let someone else deal with this.
"You're playing in the play, stay in the role of". "
Henry in "Fences" Duchess Theatre
Learn the lyrics for "Fences" it was difficult.
Panic is quite useful, it strengthens the muscles.
She also took a well, so it was like a sign from above, showing: "That's what you have to deal with. '"
He says that, of course, a voice of thunder.
So I'm holding it.
I really love it.
I love being in the rehearsal hall.
By the way, Henry was still thinking of the comic - all the way to our conversation interrupted his flash of humor when it starts, it ends parody.
I just decided not to run in stand-because the thing to give instant gratification of a roomful of strangers, I think, is quite dangerous.
If you always strive for this, it can lead to a dead end.
I sometimes work in "Apollo Live" when I want to, but, basically, I do not get so much as before.
I ask him whether he will stand-up tour ever again.
The joy of sitting in a room with the director, which helps to shape the beginning, middle and end of the road - I do not think I ever want to give it up.
That is its new incarnation?
I think so.
I like to be an actor.
This is a nice fun.
You're always telling a story, but here is a great place for that.
I love history.
People love stories.
Kenya registers public officials to reveal the "invisible workers"
Kenya beginning of biometric registration of all civil servants in an attempt to remove "invisible workers" from the government payroll.
Employees who did not sign up for the next two weeks, will no longer pay, according to a government statement.
The government suspects that thousands of people continue to receive salaries after left government service.
President Uhuru Kenyatta has promised to reduce corruption in government after he came to power in 2013.
An audit earlier this year found that at least $ 1 million (£ 700,000) per month is lost due to payment "to employees stealth" and other financial irregularities.
The government suspects that wages continue to come to the bank accounts, even after a person dies or leaves the public service, according to BBC reporter Wanyama Chebusiri from the capital, Nairobi.
All public servants must come within the next two weeks in the identification centers to ensure that their data will be collected by the biometric registration procedure, according to a government statement.
Anyone who fails to do so without a valid reason, will be removed from the payroll, according to him.
"This procedure significantly contribute to the rationalization of the public service, to determine the actual number of civil servants, and will also be used to clean the payroll at both levels of government - thus put an end to the problem of" invisible workers ", said Anne Vayguru, Cabinet Secretary Planning and structuring power.
Dozens of Turkish policemen arrested in connection with a "conspiracy" against the government
A total of 33 police officers were arrested in Turkey on suspicion of "conspiracy against the government", according to local news reports.
The police did not immediately comment on the information.
Among those detained were 14 high-ranking officers, according to Hurriyet Daily News.
Some of them last December, participated in activities to identify corruption, which was aimed at testing government employees, including four government ministers.
In July, several Turkish police officers were arrested on suspicion of creating an organized criminal group and listening to the phone.
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan (who at the time was Prime Minister) determined their actions as part of the measures taken against him and others in power, the Islamic cleric Fethullah Gülen.
Not all children have returned to school in Ukraine
Schools in most of Ukraine once again opened their doors on Monday (1 September), after the summer holidays.
This day is traditionally a great event for families, and as thousands of other parents Ukrainian Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk took my daughter to school.
There he told the waiting reporters that not all schools have reopened, but that he would do everything possible to protect the country for future generations:
The first ceremony was held in September does not in every school.
No peaceful sky over every part of Ukraine.
We must fight for a peaceful sky.
All Ukraine, a huge single Ukrainian People's Front, to fight for a peaceful sky.
Alexan Shepherd, director of the school in Slavyansk, which went to the daughter Yatsenyuk said in Russian.
We hope that peace finally established here and that children will gain knowledge that will be useful in their future life.
The first day of school is traditionally noted that children wear embroidered shirts are holding balloons and give flowers to their teachers.
In the face of the Rhone Feyrhed BBC, he may have found such an impressive head that she needed
Behind it is the trail of glory from the world of banking, media management and internal Tory circles.
In fact, it has its own experience of working in senior positions.
Her career began in the consulting firm Global Governance Bain and Co, and then continued in Morgan Stanley, Bombadier, ICI and the world media in Pearsons.
She was the head of the Financial Times for seven years, retiring as a high post in the parent company Pearson's colleague took the man, who held a lower position.
It is said that its earnings close to £ 1 million.
Her political rating and durable.
It is recommended that David Cameron, Lord Browne, the former head of BP, as he tried to bring professionals from the private sector in Whitehall: she became an advisor of the cabinet.
Her husband, a former adviser to the Tories.
Earlier in May, I called the work of the Chairman of a poisoned chalice.
BBC - is not only a huge and complex organization in the heart of public life, but in its structure there is an inherent paradox.
The Council has two directional: into the upper level of the administrative hierarchy of the BBC, but also out as the voice of public concern and anxiety when something goes wrong.
It's almost unattainable duopoly, which requires the full radical reform.
However, a new chairman will come risks, trampling and destroying the institution is as complicated as the Chinese dynasty, if he will deprive itself of work in the process.
It is a difficult decision.
Would it not so difficult, many people will be pleased to see how the BBC will be reduced in size - after the revision of its powers, finance and status.
As soon as the competition narrows the circle and the new technologies challenge the cozy old habits, inevitable discussions on the cost of the license represents a special danger for the BBC.
For the modest sum of £ 145,50 per year acquire a stake in the British, certainly the greatest media company in the world.
BBC tells a good story: it states that the results of its work covers 96 percent of households, and each of them are just 40p a day.
Moreover, it is evident that increasing popularity Beeb 53 percent today against its support 31 percent 10 years ago.
Models of view and use BBC changed: now I get headlines on your mobile phone and watch missed programs on iPlayer.
But it remains very popular and impressive institution.
He needs an impressive chairman - I hope it has found it.
Perry from Texas said that humiliating tweet was written by someone unauthorized
Tweet with account verification Texas Republican Governor Rick Perry on Sunday evening contained an insulting image of the district attorney of the Democrats, which is located in the heart of the prosecution on charges of abuse of power.
Tweet was later removed, and it was followed by another one with Perry's account, in which this record has been disavowed.
Only that my account was published a tweet that was written by someone unauthorized.
"I do not approve of this tweet, and I put it away," according to a later account.
Perry's aides did not immediately respond to messages seeking comment.
Although records were downloaded from Perry confirmed the account, it was unclear who is actually engaged in the publication of this tape.
An earlier tweet contained unflattering caricature of the Travis County Attorney Rosemary Lemberg, who has been convicted for driving while intoxicated in April 2013.
Perry vetoed its funding agencies, when she refused to step down, which led to the proceedings of the grand jury in Austin this month against Perry, who is a potential candidate for the presidency in 2016.
Signature tweet reads: "I do not always drive a car while intoxicated, 3 times higher than the permissible level of alcohol in the blood, .. but when I do it, I'm charged with Governor Perry for what he tells me about it."
I'm the drunk Democrat in Texas.
Lemberg Office did not conduct the investigation with the participation of the grand jury against Perry.
They engaged Michael MakKrum, special prosecutor of San Antonio, who was appointed a judge of the Republican.
Perry pleaded not guilty and called the charges a political ploy.
His powerful legal team asked the judge leading the case, to dismiss the indictment, saying that the law is used to prosecute the Governor shall hold office for the longest in the history of Texas, is blurred, which is contrary to the constitution.
Perry stopped funding of $ 7.5 million from the State funds the state department of public control, which is based in Travis County and engaged in pursuit of corruption in the public sector Texas when Lemberg has refused to step down.
The veto caused a formal complaint by a group of public scrutiny, having left-wing views.
Tape Perry confirmed the account is updated frequently - and sometimes it becomes famous.
Arriving at the fifth congress of the party in Iowa during his presidential campaign in 2012, Perry responded to rumors that he could leave the game by posting the tweet with a photo of yourself, running next to the lake, and the words: "Here we are, South Carolina! "
Berkeley says that the property market has returned to "normal"
One of the most famous developers of London warned that the real estate market in the south-east of England "returned" to normal levels of activity.
Houses in the capital were the subject of lively demand and rapidly rising prices, with widespread fears that the credit bubble will push Bank of England to ensure that set limits on mortgage loans in June.
Tony Pidgley, founder and chairman of elite construction company Berkeley, said on Monday: "Since the beginning of the current fiscal year, the market has returned to a normal level of transactions from the peak in 2013", adding that it provided "a stable working environment."
London property market has succeeded during the recession, as foreign buyers gathered in the capital.
Prices in the city have jumped by 18.5 per cent over the last year alone, according to the Land Registry, significantly ahead of the average of 6.7 per cent for England and Wales as a whole.
Average market prices for private, affordable and student schemes Berkeley rose by about one-fifth of last year, reaching £ 423,000 at the end of April.
However, the strengthening of the pound in recent months has made London real estate less attractive to foreign buyers, some of whom stopped the introduction of new taxes on property, and political rhetoric about the potential "tax Mansions" before the general election next May.
London real estate agency Foxtons last week warned that the April reform of the mortgage market, which imposed more stringent conditions of the loan, also entail a reduction of market growth in both sales transactions of real estate, and prices in the second half of the year.
Recent data from the Bank of England on Monday showed drop in the number of approved mortgage loans in June, suggesting further cooling in the housing market.
Hamptons International, another real estate agency, cut its growth forecast for the price of a London property in 2015 to 3 percent based on the fact that the attitude of real estate prices had already begun to wane.
The volume of transactions, meanwhile, fell by a quarter compared with the previous year in the most expensive areas of London, such as Chelsea, Mayfair and Kensington, according to the agency WA Ellis.
Nevertheless, the demand for homes in the capital has been very beneficial to Berkeley, lifting sales in the amount above £ 2,2 billion.
Mr Pidgley added: "The demand for the right product with good design and the best location remains the same, and, reflecting this, sales for the period are preserved."
In June, the company announced that it sold 3,742 new homes this year to the end of April - nearly a third more than the pre-crisis peak in 2007.
Annual profit before tax rose by 40 per cent compared with the previous year to £ 380 million, income - by 18 percent to £ 1,6 Bln.
Speaking on Monday before the annual meeting of the company, Mr. Pidgley said that Berkeley projected revenues for this year will meet current market expectations.
According to the unanimous opinion of analysts expected earnings for the year before tax of £ 450 million.
The value of shares held at the Berkeley £ 23,96 in the afternoon on the London Stock Exchange.
Photos of nude Jennifer Lawrence published on the Internet by a hacker
Jennifer Lawrence arrives at the 85th annual ceremony of the Academy Award.
Photos of nude actress Jennifer Lawrence, received the award "Oscar", were posted on the Internet by a hacker who claims that he has "a directory" photos 100 more rising stars.
Representative stars "The Hunger Games" has confirmed that the photos are real, Lawrence, and condemned the hacker for "blatant invasion of personal space."
Applications received by the law enforcement authorities, and they will pursue anyone who publish stolen photos by Jennifer Lawrence.
Photos that were originally laid out on a photo sharing site 4chan, presumably, have been obtained due to the lack of an online store Apple iCloud, and the alleged "catalog" of victims of hacking includes the names of dozens of female celebrities, including Rihanna, Kim Kardashian, Mary Elizabeth Winstead and Mary-Kate Olsen, according to BuzzFeed.
It is unclear how many of these pictures is genuine, although the star of "Scott Pilgrim vs. all" Winstead Twitter also condemned hacking.
"Those who look at the photos that we made with her husband a few years ago, secluded home - I hope you're proud of yourself," Winstead wrote on Twitter.
However, Victoria Justice of serials Nickolodeon "iCarly" and "Victorious" denied that the photos she tweeted: "These so-called nude photos I fake people.
Let me stop it in the bud. * Pun intended *.
Buzzfeed reported last Sunday that the representative of the pop star Ariana Grande denied that photo, which, presumably, it is genuine.
An exclusive excerpt from the new novel by Howard Jacobson about love and the letter "J", drew praise of critics
They dissolve best to say so, they gradually fell apart, like a cardboard box that was left in the rain.
Only occasionally a woman told him that he was too serious, hard to communicate, tense, closed and, perhaps, a little irritable.
And then she shook his hand.
He saw himself as irritability.
He was prickly as a hedgehog, yes.
The latest victim of this prickliness was a small affair, from which he had been waiting longer than usual to get rid of the lonely and boring life, and perhaps even some satisfaction.
Eileen Solomonz was anxiously fragile beauty with tousled hair and a trembling heart of the island north of the village, even more remote and harsh than Port Reuben.
She came to the south with a companion older than himself, which Kevern thought her aunt, the latter inherited the house in crude, but like a joyful Paradise Valley under the name "Paradise Valley".
No one lived in the house for several years.
Pipes flowed baths sat motionless spiders, slugs have left their traces on all windows, safe in the knowledge that the house belongs to them; garden overgrown with weeds, like giant cabbages.
It was like a house of children's books, both frightening and fascinating, full of mysteries garden.
Looking author Howard Jacobson, whose novel "J" is included in the long list for the Booker Prize in 2014.
The shortlist will be announced next week
Kevern and Eileen were holding hands in the sun loungers broken among the tall grass, enjoying surprisingly warm spring day; they both vaguely connected to a cheap console, which is supplied to the soothing music and calming news when looked at her brown legs crossed, he remembered an old song long forgotten black performer who loved to listen to his father, draw the curtains in the house.
You have too big feet.
Because of their inherent aggressiveness, songs of this type on the console is no longer lost.
They were not allowed - do not actually been forbidden - they just do not lose.
They helped to become archaic as the word "archaic".
Public taste to do what could never have been achieved orders and regulations, and as well as among the books people chose a memoir of the rich, who grew up in poverty, culinary books and romance novels, of all the music they chose ballads.
Inspired by this afternoon, Kevern began playing an imaginary piano and voice to sing rude comic big feet Eileen.
Eileen did not understand.
"It was a popular song jazz pianist by the name of Fats Waller," he said to her, unconsciously to his lips with two fingers.
So he always did his father to stop the letter "J", before it will fly from his lips.
It started with a game that they played when he was a kid.
His father played it with his father, he told him.
Start a word with "J", forgetting to attach to his mouth with two fingers - and it will cost you a penny.
It was not a very fun game back then, and it was not a lot of fun right now.
He knew that from him this waiting, that's all.
He had to explain what jazz.
Eileen had never heard.
Jazz also did not play, although he was not openly denied.
Improvisation fell out of fashion.
In life there is a place only one "if".
When the melody started, people want to know exactly where it will end.
With wit the same way.
His unpredictability of people acted on the nerves.
But jazz was wit, expressed through music.
Although he reached the age of 10 years, had never heard of Sammy Davis Jr., Kevern knew about jazz from his father's collection has a semi-CDs.
But at least he would not have said Eileen that Fats Waller was black.
Given its age, it is unlikely to remember a time when popular singers were black.
Again, there are no laws or pressure.
The Company was compliant, which means that each segment thereof agree with gratitude - gratitude those whom fate has kept - with the principle of group predisposition.
People of African-Caribbean origin in temperament and physical characteristics are well suited for entertainment and sports - and they sang and ran.
People from the Indian subcontinent, as the nature of the talented in everything that concerned the electronics were in charge of that no family was left without a working electronic phone.
What remains of the Polish community, engaged in plumbing work; what was left of the Greek, beater plates.
Natives of the Persian Gulf and the Levant, whose grandparents were not promptly leave the country when what happened, if ever, occurred HAPPENED, in fear that they will be accused of fueling the flame, in fear, in fact, that the flames engulf them following, to open a restaurant with Lubna and hookahs do not protrude and troubled idleness.
To each according to his ability.
Since she had only heard ballads, Eileen was difficult to understand how insulting words that had just sung her Kevern, in general, could be set to music.
Music - is an expression of love.
"They do not really offensive," said Kevern.
Unless, perhaps, for people who have big feet.
My father never let anyone offended, but he loved this song.
He said too much, but neglected garden gave him the illusion of security.
No word could not penetrate the soundproofing giant leaf similar to cabbage.
Eileen is still not understood.
As your father would love it?
He wanted to say it was a joke, but when he did not want to press it again to his mouth with two fingers.
It is already considered him strange.
"It seemed to him ridiculous," he said instead.
She shook her head, closing Kevernu review.
In the whole world there was nothing but mop her jet-black hair.
Nothing of what he would like to see.
"Well, if you say so," she said, remained unconvinced.
But that still does not explain why you did it sing.
She seemed really upset.
I have too big feet?
He looked at them again.
We can not say no.
Ankle, maybe a little bit ...
And you say you hate me, because my ankles are too thick?
I hate you?
Of course, I do not hate you.
It's just this stupid song.
He could say, "I love you", but it was too early.
"I like you just because you have thick ankles," he tried to say instead.
I have a perversion.
It sounded wrong.
He wanted it to be funny.
Attempts to joke often led him into awkward situations because, like his father, he lacked the charisma of a soothing, which could mitigate the cruelty kryvshuyusya in jokes.
Maybe his father would be cruel.
Maybe he Kevern wanted.
Despite the good eye.
Eileen Solomonz blushed and stood with deck chairs, overturning the console and the Strait of wine, which they drank.
Elderberry wine, so that drunkenness could not serve as a justification for it.
In her excitement she seemed trembling as palm leaves in a hurricane.
"And I like you just because you have a blunt head," she said ...
Although it is not like you.
He was sorry for her, and because of the excessive brutality of his words, and because of the fear that appeared in her eyes when she gave him a rebuff.
Do it, he hit her?
She did not talk to him about life in the cold northern archipelago, where she grew up, but he had no doubt that in general terms it was like a local.
The same huge ice Ocean struck them both.
Those bewildered men, even more sensitive and moody after what happened, if ever, happen, than their ancestors, smugglers and destroyers, walked out of the pub in a rage to the pub, ready to raise a hand against any woman who dared to refuse them or tease them.
Blunt head?
They would show her goofy fist if she was not careful!
First, to kiss - a kiss now become the most common expression of erotic stimulation between a man and a woman; antidote to fresh ballads, which gave the console - first to kiss her, and then hit.
Over-refinement, according Keverna because the kiss itself was already bullying.
Eileen Solomonz body showed that he needed to go.
He rose from the chaise longue, as an old man.
She felt a lead weight, but the weight of his grief surprised her.
It was not the end of the world.
They barely knew each other.
She watched him walk away, and from the top of the window watched him walk away, her companion - a man, he shouldered the burdens.
Adam leaving the garden, she thought.
She felt a pang of sympathy for him, and men in general, even though some of them and raised her hand.
The man turned away from her, with a bent back, ashamed, overwhelmed, all ability to fight left him - why she thought she knew it so well, if she could not remember a single case to date when she would see a ?
Again one Solomonz Eileen looked at his feet.
Twenty years before the events described above or so Esme Nussbaum, intelligent and energetic 32-year-old researcher, who worked in the "Ofnau" informal service monitor the public mood, prepare a small report on the preservation of low and medium level of violence in the most parts of the country where it is expected to be reduced, if not completely stop, given the money and effort that stood on its eradication.
"Much has been done and much is being done," she wrote, "to mitigate the inherent aggressiveness of the people who fought in wars and one thousand won most of them, especially among the tangled branches and narrow clefts areas where, in spite of the soaring spiers of the churches over the hedges , gentle breath of human kindness is rarely felt in history.
However, some quality turns out to be ineradicable.
The higher the steeple, seemingly, the lowland those passions which it engenders.
Population sheds tears over sentimental ballads, swallows stories about overcoming obstacles, and announces his passionate belief in the goodness of marriage and family life, however, it is not only the old rudeness remains strong grip in both rural communities and urban settlements, but there are indications that new and emerging malicious cockiness in homes, workplaces, roads and even playgrounds.
"Do you have an annoying habit of writing too much," said her supervisor of reading the report in its entirety.
I think you should read fewer novels.
Esme Nussbaum lowered her head.
I also have to ask you: Are you an atheist?
"I believe that it is not obliged to answer," Esme said Nussbaum.
Are you a lesbian?
Esme again insisted on his right to privacy and silence.
Feminist?
Again silence.
"I ask," Rabinowitz said finally Luther, "not because I am against atheism, lesbianism or feminism.
Here we have no prejudices.
We - the servants of society without prejudice.
But some types of hypersensitivity, absolutely acceptable and commendable in themselves, can sometimes distort the results, such as those that you showed me.
Obviously, you do prejudiced against the Church, and what you call "evil" and "rough", others have interpreted as an expression of the natural vitality and vigor.
Continue nudet about what happened, if ever, happens, as if it happened, if anything happened yesterday, is to deprive the country needed her vitality.
Nussbaum Esme looked around until Rabinowitz said.
Over his head, pink flamingo, LED letters repeated advice that "Ofnau" gave the country the last quarter century or more.
Smile to the neighbor, Exalt her husband, hear the ballad, go to musicals, talk on the phone, communicate, to explain, listen, agree apologize.
Talk better than silence, the lyrics better than the written word, but there is nothing better than love.
"I fully understand what you want to say," Esme said quietly Nussbaum, when satisfied that her supervisor of finished speaking, "and I do not want to say anything, except that we have not recovered as effectively as we tell ourselves.
My concern is that if we are not ready, we will find that we repeat the mistakes that initially led to what happened, if ever, happen.
Only this time we throw their anger and mistrust on the other.
Rabinowitz Luther joined his fingertips in a pyramid.
This gesture should mean endless patience.
"You go too far," he said, "referring to" errors "actions that have committed or not committed by our grandfathers.
You go too far, and when you talk about what they throw away their "anger" and "lack of confidence" in the "other".
In your place people should not need to be reminded that, knowing the past, that is, protecting the present, we are not talking about "us" and "them."
There was no "us" and there were no "others."
It was a time of confusion - that's all we know.
"For that, to be honest with ourselves," he dared to insert Esme, "no part of society can not justify himself well.
I do not blame anyone.
Was it good or bad - what's done is done.
Then it was back then.
Nothing else is needed to say - here we are in agreement.
And they do not have anyone to blame, it is not necessary and justified, if it was appropriate or if you could fix something.
But why the past, if not to learn -
Past suschestvet to ensure that we have forgotten it.
If I can add to that one word -
Pyramid Luther Rabinowitz collapsed.
"I'll look at your report," he said, releasing her.
The next day, on the way to work, she was hit by a motorcyclist who drove onto the sidewalk, as described by passers-by "in the vicious rage."
Coincidences happen.
Army Lesotho declares that the coup was not planned; Prime Minister remains in South Africa
Army spokesman denied that Lesotho training coup to overthrow the government, saying that they were acting against the police who were suspected of trying to equip political fanatics.
Prime Minister Thomas Thabane left the country, saying that the country's army surrounded his official residence and seized government buildings in the capital Maseru.
Prime took his family to the neighboring South Africa, saying that he had received threatening attempts on his life.
Army spokesman Maj Ntlele Ntoi said that was not, in fact, a coup, but that the army reacted to the threat of "political fanatics" who are trying to equip the police.
"What happened this morning is the fact that the command of the Armed Forces of Lesotho has taken steps, received several intelligence reports that among the police forces, there are some items that are really planning to equip some of the political, the young fanatics of political parties who were willing to arrange chaos "he told Voice of America.
The representative of the South African government Clason Monela said that the actions of the army looked like a coup.
"Although no one has presented a claim to seize power by force, by all reports, the actions of the armed forces of Lesotho currently have the basic features of the coup," he said.
Representatives of the army of Lesotho reported that soldiers returned to their barracks on Sunday and that calm in the capital.
Meanwhile, Deputy Prime Minister Metsing Motetzhoa controls the government in the absence of Thabane.
Thabane said he believes that is under attack in an attempt to fight corruption in the country.
The situation is very tense in Lesotho since June, when Thabane suspended parliamentary sessions as a result of differences in their joint government.
He said that his actions do not undermine the government, despite accusations to the contrary.
Midfielder "Chelsea" Marco van Ginkel spend the upcoming season on loan at "Milan", said Milan Channel.
21-year-old Dutchman will arrive in Italy in the next few hours to undergo a medical examination.
Last season, he went out on the field in the London club only three times.
Earlier, the "Milan" rented "Liverpool" striker Fernando Torres.
Manufacturing in the euro area at the lowest level in 13 months
Production growth in the euro area slowed to its lowest level in 13 months in August, according to popular research.
The last value of the index of business activity (PMI) for the manufacturing sector Eurozone Markit fell to a mark of 50.7 in August, down from 51.8 in July.
Value above 50 indicates growth.
New orders were delayed and the company suffered from a growing tension between the EU and Russia in relation to Ukraine.
The values ​​received before the meeting of the European Central Bank (ECB) on Thursday.
The markets will be waiting on the bank of a clear plan for how to cope with a stop recovery of the eurozone, as well as the threat of deflation when inflation is only 0.3%.
There is speculation that ECB head Mario Draghi later this week may give additional signals that he is considering a scheme of quantitative easing for the euro area, similar to those used by the United Kingdom and the United States during the financial crisis.
"Although at least some growth is better than no growth inhibitory effect of growing economic and geopolitical uncertainty to the producers becomes more apparent," said Rob Dobson, senior economist at Markit.
PMI manufacturing sector in Germany, the largest trading partner of Russia in the EU fell to the lowest in 11 months 51.4 mark.
Meanwhile, the second-largest economy bloc, France, PMI fell to 46.9.
France continues to be a real concern, as well as the weakening of Italy from stable growth to stagnation.
Signs that the growth momentum waned largely industrial engine, Germany, as well as in Spain and the Netherlands, also adds confidence, "said Mr Dobson.
Slowing industry is likely to further fuel the analysts expecting the introduction of additional monetary and fiscal stimulus.
One positive piece of news came from Ireland, where the PMI rose to 57.3, its highest level since the end of 1999.
Howard Archer, chief economist at IHS Global Insight, said: "The best that can be said about the August PMI survey of the manufacturing sector of the eurozone, it is that it shows that the sector is still growing."
He added: "Eurozone manufacturers obviously find life very difficult at the moment, since the current geopolitical tensions increased - especially those related to Russia / Ukraine - adds uncertainty still challenging conditions in many countries.
This increased tension is obviously a blow to the business - and especially consumer confidence, and probably leads to the fact that some orders are delayed or canceled, especially large orders.
He said that "more and more like it" that the ECB will eventually have to carry out some kind of quantitative easing, "although we suspect that it will be limited."
Residents of Mariupol expose human chain against militias
In Mariupol until last week it was all quiet - no one was eager to organize the People's Republic of Mariupol, a city on the Sea of ​​Azov lived and worked.
Now residents dreaded the arrival of "militias".
According to political analysts, separatists break in Mariupol, to get to the Azov Sea - has recently been taken Novoazovsk city, who had also been part of the self-proclaimed republics.
Mariupol decided that the Ukrainian army, though, and will protect them, but it has little force against the representatives of well-armed DNI, LC, and came to help the military.
They dig trenches, build roadblocks and fortifications.
On Saturday evening, several thousand residents came to the eastern border of the city, and stood there in a human chain, singing the national anthem of Ukraine.
They're going to do the same in the event.
Volunteers collect and carry equipment and products, collect medicines, publish a newspaper.
The city gradually closed shops, stop job banks and ATMs.
Ten years of hell for the survivors of Beslan: Ten years from the terrible siege, as children, who were in it are still suffering
Ten years ago, more than 1,000 people were taken hostage by Chechen rebels in a school in Beslan in southern Russia
More than 330 people, more than half of them children, were killed during the three-day trial that shocked the world
We returned to Beslan, to find some of the victims who cheated death during the atrocities in school
Ten years after the horrific Beslan school seizure, which killed 334 people, including 186 children, heroic survivors of the disaster last night warned of a new apocalypse in Ukraine.
When the terrorists, Islamic fanatics, captured and killed children and parents 1 September 2004, at the beginning of a new quarter, it seemed something of an extreme degree of possible harm.
The tragedy has united east and west in disgust, which then miraculously turned into action and hope for the future under heavy grief.
Ten years later, we returned to Beslan in southern Russia, to find some of the victims who cheated death during the atrocities in school.
We found a wonderful young men who resisted trouble, though memories of the terrorist will be hell to live with them forever.
Their biggest hope?
That war, which now tormented Ukraine, which are the same children as they die now stop.
The girl, who is trying to get pictures back shelled the sports hall
It is embodied in the image of the famous Russian photographer Dmitry Belyakov, when in his underwear tried to get back into the gym shelled after a mine explosion.
The confusion Aida desperately looking for his mother, Larisa, who is now 40.
There were fears that they both died, but in fact they survived.
"A woman told me to run hard, but I could not," he said then Aida.
My feet were covered with blood.
I got up and climbed back inside to find his mother.
The soldier picked her up and carried her to safety.
After a series of operations, she thought it was completely restored, but yesterday said: "Three months ago, the pain returned.
I fear I may need more surgery.
Several fragments in my left knee.
Its aim now - to become a dentist to help people just like it helped doctors.
"This tragedy has changed my life, but it certainly did not break it," she says defiantly.
"It happened to me, and you can not change this fact.
Once a year I always go to the gym, to remember all those who have stayed there.
My friends and I try not to talk about it at other times.
The pain is too strong.
My best friend, who was to become my classmate, Dzera Gapoeva was killed there.
We played together when we were little, and dreamed that we would go to school together.
"I do not want to get married until I finish my studies and start working.
I'll think about the family then.
She said that the seizure remains with her, even though the memories fade a little every year.
I am glad that many people in the world still remember our troubles, and we are so grateful for the help we have received from the people of the UK and everywhere.
When I see a picture on the Internet, where I climb in the school window, I think many people will see it for the first time to learn about our tragedy and will make sure this will not happen.
The boy who ran through a hail of bullets, believing that his mother is dead
It was his first day of school (Russians are out of school at age 7) and survived three days of capture, hugging his mother Tamara.
Then he was seven, and he said: "My mother told me to lie down, if it burst, and hold her hand."
After one of the explosions, he thought she was dying.
She said to him, "Run."
Fearing that she was dead, he ran down the road and saw a crying baby, grabbed the child by the hand and ran through a hail of bullets.
His father, Vladimir, who grabbed his son outside, said: "Damir told me that his mother had died.
He said: "I could not save her. '"
In fact, Tamara escape to freedom and was in the hospital with wounds to the legs, in turn thinking that her son had died.
After their reunion, she said: "I cried for joy.
I could not believe it.
He ran and hugged me.
Damir later brought to London (now defunct newspaper News of the World), where he was awarded as the Children's Ombudsman of the fund Barnardo's Prime Minister Tony Blair and his wife Cherie.
"This horror comes back to you every day, but I would like to stop, I could remember him," he said yesterday.
Still, I can say that in my mind it dims.
I remember right after that I threw all my toy gun.
But now I can play computer games with shooting, and this is not a problem for me.
"I'm not afraid to go back to the gym, but I do not think of myself.
I remember the children with whom I played in the yard, which has not got.
We never say that they are killed or dead.
We say that they stayed in the gym.
I remember my trip to London as well, especially the toy store where I was allowed to choose whatever I want, and ride in a car with an open top.
But now he is afraid for places like Ukraine, where the war led to such misery that he survived and his friends.
This horror comes back to you every day, but I would like, so I was able to stop his recall
"I'm so sorry for all those who suffer from these horrors," said Damir, who last week doing volunteer work in a convent.
I want to help.
I want to serve in the police ever and I hope that I was enrolled in a training academy next year.
His mother Tamara, 48, said: "37 children were killed in this quarter, you can imagine?
I remember the eerie silence immediately after capture, simply did not have children, who would be screaming and running around, and the silence continued for many months.
She vividly remembers his trip to London with Damir.
People in London were crying when I told our story.
I realized then, as people on the other side of the world can understand our feelings, can provide support.
She was grateful, "Cherie Blair and her Foundation for the award and the opportunity to go to London in autumn 2004.
I would like to call Sherry and she herself simply to say that 10 years have passed, but I still remember a meeting with her and her husband in London, and they helped me and Damir.
I remember how, when Damir wanted to eat borscht, they phoned all the local Russian restaurant.
I remember how he was playing with the waiters in the restaurant, Damir shot at them from his water pistol, and they ran and played with him.
And only a month has passed since our nightmare then.
I was shocked by the fact that the British were so willing to share our pain and support us.
She said: "I still think that this world is not a better place for these 10 years.
Now in Ukraine there is a war, people are dying every day, and I think a lot of children were killed or be killed.
It is simply the same kids like ours.
I think for many people, the war - a news report that they listen to when they are bored or when they are busy with something else.
I just know that these people feel the horror of it.
And I can not stop feeling it.
Nothing has changed, people still want to kill each other, and it's so sad.
Damir has grown and become very soft and quiet boy, he was not aggressive and not evil.
He was not looking for revenge, for example, it is not fixated on the past, this nightmare.
I know that he does not like to remember it, but they are very close with six classmates, and they go to the gym from time to time and light candles there.
When he was younger, he was suffering from this - I remember him lying on the couch, facing away from us, for hours.
I do not sleep, his eyes were open.
I also remember how he threw away all his weapons and other war toys. Damir Now 17, he is taller than me, cute, smart and healthy.
I can hardly believe that a few hours, I was so sure that he was dead and that I will never see more.
When I was able to recover from the blast and got to my feet, I looked around, I saw a hell around you when body parts were everywhere.
I was absolutely convinced that it is impossible that my little boy was able to survive in this hell.
"I remember that I cried out to him:" Damir, run, run away ", but again, I was so sure that he did not hear me.
But he heard and fled.
So life goes on for us, unlike so many others.
Georgiy Ilin, 17 years old
The boy, whose shocking picture after the capture was decisive for the Beslan tragedy
Peace: George survived the Beslan Ilyin with his mother Fatima after the capture in 2004, and today Right Georgy
On his face was a bloody imprint of fear, when he escaped from death when Chechen terrorists shot his classmates.
His photograph was one of the most shocking symbol of barbarism in Beslan.
His mother, Fatima, 54, chief physician, took him to school on the first day of school before take eldest son Vladimir in a university.
"I left for two minutes before the terrorists ran into the yard, so that my little boy was left alone for three days of nightmare," she recalled.
Not quite alone, there was a family of our relatives, but all of them were killed.
Just think George managed to survive.
The closer the date, the more difficult to think and talk about it.
There is not a day when we do not remember this tragedy.
We do not think that it was a long time ago, I think it was yesterday, some of the scenes of these days all the time in front of my eyes.
No one will ever forget, I promise you.
It sinks into the soul: photo George (left) was one of the most shocking images of attack and has been immortalized in sculpture (right)
I remember that because George wanted to go to school that day, said he wanted to hug the teacher.
I just learned that he was alive when I saw it on TV.
And now there are even sculptures crying George in San Marino.
George does not like to look at this picture, and it is hidden in a bookcase at home.
I understand, but I also think that because of this picture people from all over the world feel our pain.
George now says: "It is important that this never happened.
"I doubt that we will ever know the truth.
People are continuing to investigate the tragedy and will never know the truth.
Now they are investigating the collapse of Boeing in Ukraine.
Will we ever what it was called?
This world is going to something very bad.
"I can not understand how it happens, because if you ask people, no one wants war, because it is happening?
Ten years - is nothing for such a pain.
We need to have passed dozens of years to forget it a little.
It affected my health, and I still feel it.
About three or four years I had nightmares because of the seizure, but it is now better.
I went back to school later in 2004, I was very scared every day.
I think of my friends and classmates who were killed.
That's why I continue to go to the gym before each September 1st.
I want to pay tribute to my old childhood friends.
I find it hard to enter the gym, but I have to do it.
I do not feel like a victim, this story - is now part of my past.
I will not forget about it, but I do not feel self-pity.
My life goes on.
I graduated from high school this year and entered the Medical University in Vladikavkaz.
I will learn to become a heart surgeon.
My first choice was to join the army.
I wanted to be a soldier, but his health did not allow me.
I wanted to fight for my country, but this does not happen.
George Farnham 20 years
The boy, who survived, despite the fact that there was at the feet of a suicide killer
Unbelievable: George Farniev was at the feet of the suicide assassin during the seizure, but he still managed to survive
During capture, he was photographed in a gym sitting next to the bomb at the feet of a suicide killer.
Really, it's a miracle he was not killed.
"We think it was yesterday," said George, who wanted to learn from the intelligence officer in the FSB, but could not because of the damage that was caused to his health during capture.
It's still with me, it's not something that I had left behind.
I'm older now, and say that children can easily cope with bad things - I must say that this is not true.
"In 2006, I worked with a psychologist, and I felt a little better after that, but I can not forget it.
I would like to forget.
In 2005 - the next year - was the first and last time I walked into this gym again.
I fainted.
I would never go there again, and please do not ask me to show where I was sitting on that famous photograph.
Survivor: George Farniev today with an open laptop on a photo of themselves in the hospital after seizure
My pain is enormous, and I carry it with me every day.
My friends know that I do not like to think about it or discuss it, and they never asked me about school.
With regard to the physical condition, I am healthy.
I need to be careful with his knee, which was injured, but now I go normally.
Still, health did not allow me to go to study in the Academy of the Federal Security Service in St. Petersburg, as I wanted to.
I sent my documents, including medical reports, and they said it was impossible.
My second passion was animals, so I went to the Veterinary Institute.
I studied there for two years.
He learns to treat all animals "from cats to cows."
He said: "I know that he would never tell their children about their experiences.
This is not what children need to know, and certainly not what they need to survive.
His mother, Marina, 42, said: "The pain never leaves me.
She is in my heart, worse when the anniversary approaches.
I will go and I will attend the ceremony to be held to mark it.
I know that George will not go.
For him, it should be even stronger, because he was there, and I'm not.
I was waiting for him at home, and could not help.
I am so grateful to God that he came back to me. There Beslan mark lies with each.
He remains with us.
George is now an adult, but the nightmare is still with him.
It is hard to accept when something so terribly unfair, happens to you.
He is a boy, he loves sports, but can not deal with them because of the knee.
He had several operations, he can walk, but can not do sports.
I would say that it is 50% overcome this nightmare, but you can not completely overcome and forget it.
This terrible experience will stay with us.
Many friends and neighbors were killed during the capture, and this only reinforces my pain.
I lost a lot of people I know well and who were dear to me.
My son was with me, and this is the best gift that God could I do, but my heart aches for those who have been killed.
I know families where they were born new children, but I know, and widows who never married.
It's hard to accept that life goes on, even if you do not want.
I will never forget how my heart leapt out of my chest at the moment when I saw him in the hospital.
Now I look at what is happening in the world - wars in different regions.
What these people are fighting?
Why did they kill each other?
War is very close to our country right now, and I could hardly believe this.
We had a friendly country in the past, how did it happen that we are fighting now?
People and children suffer, I'm sure, many children have been killed in Ukraine and many will be killed.
If you could grab and throw all the rebels - as far as possible.
Tskaeva Alena, 10 years old
The baby, whose movingly carried to a safe place Special Forces soldier
Saved: Alain Tskaevu carries in a safe place the Russian Special Forces soldier (left).
She is now ten (right), and she does not remember the heinous crime
The world stopped the breath in 2004 when Alain introduced the small hands of the seized school in Beslan, Russian police.
The terrorists have released her, but left her with cruelty 30-year-old mother, a ten-year sister Christina and brother Mahara in the gym of the school.
Machar, who was then three years old, escaped, but Alёniny mother and sister were killed in a deadly massacre.
Her father, Ruslan has since remarried, and he and his new wife, Svetlana has a small daughter, whom he named Christine in memory of his daughter, which he lost.
Alain, who is now ten, does not remember anything about the seizure and has blossomed into a clever and lively little girl, say the neighbors.
"They're big happy family now, and Alain and Mahar - two lovely children," says a close friend.
Ruslan - a great father and wants to keep them away from all the memories that marked the tenth anniversary.
You can understand why.
Midfielder Shinji Kagawa, who returned from the "Manchester United" in Dortmund "Borussia", said that he is looking forward to when again able to enter the field in the form of the German club.
According to him, this transfer - a joyous event in his career.
Of course, I am very pleased that once again will play for the "Borussia" - leads words Bild Kagawa.
I feel very good.
Full of positive emotions and look forward to once again be able to enter the field in the form of "Borussia".
Recall Kagawa moved to "Manchester United" of "Borussia" in summer 2012 for 16 million euros.
However, he was never able to gain a foothold in a part of the English club, having spent two seasons in all 38 matches in the Premier League, scoring 6 goals and 8 assists giving.
A man accused of running over a girl on a pedestrian crossing, "pelican" in Fife
78-year-old man appeared in court on a charge of driving over a three-year girl in a crosswalk, "pelican" in Fife.
Gordon Stewart allegedly knocked the girl to move in Pittenvine in East Newquay.
Prosecutors said that Mr. Stewart drove his Audi Q3, without due care and attention and knocked the girl, leaving her injured.
Stewart, 78, of Anstruther, denied his guilt in the sheriff court Dundee.
Sheriff Charles McNair, QC, appointed a court date in January.
Obama, Merkel and Hollande are not otovaritsya Vladivostok
Duty-free shop Duty Free Airport of Vladivostok posted a sign banning shopping in this store among world political leaders.
Not otovaritsya them spirits, vodka and brandy.
The administration of the store decided that US President Barack Obama, German Chancellor Angela Merkel, French President Francois Hollande, Vitali Klitschko Yulia Tymoshenko, Prime Minister of Japan, and a few famous friends will not be able otovaritsya vodka, cognac and spirits in their store.
And posted on the door of the corresponding plate.
Earlier, Obama received a ban on the appearance of an even less accessible to him in his service institution - Dietary tablespoons of Moscow State University, as reported by the website catering establishments.
Cherished dream of any American president ever to eat in the dining room in the Russian diet is not known, but the authors explicitly bans seem themselves terribly witty.
Do cheese after the embargo: Medvedev gave advice to farmers
Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev believes that the embargo under Russian farmers should adopt new technologies to set up production demanded by buyers cheeses.
The Council was given during a visit to the company "Yugptitseprom" company "Agricultural complex".
The Prime Minister also gave advice to restaurateurs to shift to the Russian meat, whose quality is up to par.
Annual embargo on food imports was introduced in Russia from August 7.
Russia coach Valentin Maslakov pleased with the outcome of the tournament DecaNation.
According to the expert, the third place - a good result given the lack of targeted training for competitions.
Our athletes performed at their level - leads the "All Sports" words Maslakova.
Third place - proof enough of our high command level.
It's nice that the advantage of the French and even the Americans over us is minimal.
Keep in mind that we are not prepared for these competitions.
The season is finished, and we did not oblige our leaders to take part in the match DecaNation.
In recent years, we have become the second in this tournament, but this season we have refreshed the team.
The French, on the contrary, put an efficient team, which includes 13 European champions.
They do not hide their intention to win this year, as repeatedly publicly declared.
But even this part of the hosts could not resist the Americans.
So, I think that the Russians were in such a representative of the company at a good level.
But the results in some types were much lower than in the same "Diamond League".
The season is over.
Of course, athletes are not so important result, especially in team competition level.
The main thing here was - place.
And the results agree, has reached the point of absurdity, when the 1500m men are so addicted to the tactical intricacies of running that showed the result of below average ... female races.
4 tips on how to achieve the best quality underwater photographs and video
If you want to take pictures or shoot video underwater, before you a number of options for equipment.
The cheapest option - waterproof "soap box", for example, Nikon Coolpix AW120, or Action Camera, for example, GoPro Hero3 + Silver Edition, both of which sold for about $ 300.
I took these photos on a family holiday with a few cameras, all for about $ 350.
No matter what equipment you use, the more rules you need to follow in order to achieve the best results.
Check back its equipment.
Even if you have a waterproof camera, make sure that the battery chamber and other offices closed.
In addition, set your camera for the type of photo or video that you shoot.
Some cameras and camcorders have a shooting mode or the type of object that optimize exposure for the dark underwater environment.
And before you jump into the water, will be examined how far your units can go down.
Some cameras designed only 5 feet tall, the other - 50 or 60 feet.
Watch our buyer's guide and ratings of digital cameras for both traditional and for waterproof models.
Take a few shots - because many of them do not get it.
We "shoot cameras" have the LCD to help you compose images, whereas the Action cameras are usually not.
Even if you have an LCD monitor, it will be difficult to see under the water, and the layout of the frame is a random process.
Therefore, make a few shots.
Also, if your camera has a burst mode that takes multiple shots at slightly different exposure settings, use it.
Stay at the surface.
The amount of light is significantly reduced, the deeper you dive under the water.
If possible, stay on the surface, when you're shooting in the pool, river or ocean.
It will also allow you to transfer more color in the photographs; The deeper you go, the less color you will see.
Swim closer to the subject.
This is a great tip for shooting on land, but it is even more important under the water because of the dark lighting conditions.
It is especially important if you are taking action on camera: This equipment is often equipped with a fixed wide-angle lens, which means that you have to get close to the subject, if you want to fill the frame.
Bronze medalist at the 2012 Olympic Games in wrestling Bilal Makhov can go to the Greco-Roman wrestling.
This was announced by the head coach of Dagestan wrestling Sazhida Sazhida.
The expert did not rule out the participation of an athlete at the World Championships in Tashkent in September 2014.
Currently, Bilal Makhov is on gathering teams "classics" - leads the "R-Sport" word Sazhida Sazhidova.
Generally, for juniors Bilal performed in both styles.
At the 2005 World Youth Championship, he won the tournament wrestlers and the third medal in Greco-Roman competitions and decided to concentrate on wrestling.
For a long time there was talk that the new phase of his career, our heavyweight hold in Greco-Roman wrestling.
I will say more: Makhov can already speak at the World Championships in Tashkent - if he wins the estimates.
But the final word is always for the coaching staff led by Gogi Koguashvili.
Andrew Lawson was a man whose force of personality could shake all around, even in such a gigantic organization as the National Health Service.
Consultant anesthetist, he devoted his career to rid patients suffering from both diseases, and the pangs of treatment.
Among those who turned to him, his wife recalls, was the MI6 officer who had to live with the devastating consequences of torture.
Lawson knew that as long as the doctor passionate about diagnoses and diseases, those undergoing treatment, mainly worried about something else entirely - the pain.
One day in 2007, however, he was the one who started to suffer.
"I did not feel, as usual," he wrote in May of last year.
It was difficult to find the strength.
Struggling with symptoms similar to the flu, he found that irritated reproaches his wife Juliet.
"I want to make things happen quickly rather than later," he noted.
When Juliet left for a week, Lawson found that it is unusual and it is not clear why upset.
Something was wrong.
He asked a colleague to do chest X-ray.
Just two weeks before he went skiing in the French Alps.
The results of X-rays came.
It was mesothelioma, an incurable cancer that affects the pleura, or lung membrane.
For most cancers is difficult to find the exact cause.
Although some smokers get cancer of the lungs, for example, not all lung cancer patients smoked.
But mesothelioma is different.
In almost all cases, the cause - exposure to asbestos, a fibrous construction material, which was once called a "miracle", but which is now known to be deadly.
For most of us, mesothelioma - a disease for which you can not pay attention.
Asbestos, in the end - the material from the past.
The most dangerous type of asbestos is not used in the UK since the 1960s, when the industrial advisory ban came into force.
Even when it was used, only people of specific industries worked closely with him truboizolirovschiki, builders, carpenters and workers of the docks, for example.
Industrial toxin from another era, it hardly seems cause for concern today.
But this calm is wrong.
United Kingdom, it appears, is now at the peak of the epidemic of mesothelioma.
There mesothelioma kills more people than any other country on the planet.
At the annual death rate of about 2,500 people, more than twice as many people die from the disease than as a result of automobile accidents.
The annual number of deaths from mesothelioma in 1980 and projected the number of deaths in the future in the UK
The reason we feel it deadly consequences now, is that although the use of asbestos illegally many years (all types of asbestos were eventually be prohibited by law in 1999) for mesothelioma usually takes decades.
And the attack of mesothelioma is not limited to veterans of special industrial construction.
Asbestos was, and in many cases remains incorporated in the house where we live, the offices where we work, the school where we learn, and shops, where we go shopping.
As a result, mesothelioma does not pay attention to the class, the level of income, occupation or age.
Bastions chosen from fashionable London department stores to private schools, as it turned out, not salvation.
Parliament House is permeated with asbestos.
Even hospitals that are intended to treat us, turned out to be reservoirs of this deadly carcinogen.
Andrew Lawson was not old.
He was not truboizolirovschikom.
Strictly speaking, he had to think about where he might come into contact with asbestos.
Then he realized.
"It seems that there might be a lot of asbestos in the tunnels at Guy's Hospital, where I spent six years on probation," he wrote.
Everyone - students, nurses, doctors and porters - used these tunnels.
I wonder how many of my peers become ill with the same disease?
It was a question which, unfortunately, he could give a partial answer.
"Of the four doctors who trained in Guy's Hospital and who later developed mesothelioma in the past five years," he said in a letter in 2010, "I am the only one left alive."
How many of us get sick with this disease?
Andrew Lawson was diagnosed as "mesothelioma", when he was 48 years old.
When he died on February 17 this year, he was 55.
Live so long is unusual.
Fifty percent of patients with mesothelioma die within 8 months after diagnosis.
It is always fatal.
So now we can only repeat the question Lawson: "How many of us get sick of the same disease?"
According to a leading expert on mesothelioma in the UK, Professor Julian Pitot most likely suggest that between 1970 and 2050, when an epidemic of asbestos in the United Kingdom should come to an end, about 90,000 people will die.
The majority of today have no idea that they will die in this way.
The asbestos mine in Quebec, Canada Alamy
Quick View reports from the courtroom, where victims often ask for compensation, shows how far the mesothelioma has spread attack.
This June, for example, Marks & Spencer acknowledged that inadvertently exposed Janice Ellen exposure to asbestos.
She worked for nine years in the network, from 1978 to 1987, headed the department of clothing at two sites, one of which was the main store on Oxford Street.
Mrs. Allen was only 18 years old when she started working at M & S.
Now she has two children over 20 years.
"Before this happened," she says, "I've never heard of mesothelioma, I barely knew about asbestos.
And I had no idea that it would affect me.
Few people really know much about asbestos.
Actually, asbestos - is not a single substance, but a group of six minerals.
They got their name from the word "asbestiform" which means the fibrous structure, which gives them strength and flexibility.
Of these six, the three commonly used in construction.
Chrysotile, commonly known as white asbestos, is much more likely to occur in buildings today.
It was used in roof panels, floor tiles, insulation of pipes, boilers seams, even in the car brake pads.
It is less lethal than other forms of asbestos, but still recognized as the European Union and the World Health Organization, "a major source of injury," which can lead to death.
More dangerous, however, brown asbestos (amosite) and blue asbestos (crocidolite).
Britain was once the largest importer of brown asbestos in the world, and experts suggest that "there is a strong, though circumstantial evidence that this is the main reason for an exceptionally high number of patients with mesothelioma [in the UK]."
An employee of Marks & Spencer has been exposed to asbestos in the main store of the company in Oxford Street, London Alamy
Janice Allen might not think of myself as a typical victim of mesothelioma, but the work of Julian Pitot suggests that her story is not unusual.
He conducted a study of patients who suggests that "a significant percentage of mesothelioma when there is no known exposure at work or at home, are likely to be caused by exposure to asbestos in the environment."
Most of this exposure, he says, is due to "normal use and exposure to weather" on our houses.
Nobody, it seems, can not be sure that he is safe.
Report Goddard Consulting, which was considered the Palace of Westminster, demonstrates how people, even in the heart of the government could be exposed unknowingly.
In 2009, Goddard said that the technical shafts and pipes to the premises of the parliamentary committees were infected with asbestos, deadly fibers which can be driven by something as innocuous as a "strong air currents."
Members of Parliament often accused that they pursue their own interests, but in this case it seems that the opposite is true.
Although the management of maintenance of Parliament insisted that the Palace of Westminster received a "clean bill of health," she now recognized that it is necessary to conduct the work on the £ 1 billion for the reconstruction of the Parliament by improving the electrical and removing asbestos, and that after a general election in 2015 Members of Parliament are likely to sit on the QE2 conference center nearby, but not on the green benches of Westminster.
Report Goddard noted that "the situation with asbestos not be governed by different rules."
It is impossible to know whether the error control cost lives.
All you can do now - is wait.
One of those who did not manage to reveal their exposure to asbestos - is Graham Abbott, a general practitioner.
As Andrew Lawson, Abbott, 50, suspects that he has been exposed to asbestos while working in hospitals.
"I worked at the hospital, which was successfully sued associated with asbestos," he says, "But I can not prove it in my case.
So it is difficult to remember all the places where he worked, and date.
What he remembers clearly, because it is a day in early December 2009, when he was immediately something that was similar to the flu.
He was 45, and he was in the middle of an operation in the late evening.
Suddenly I began to fever.
It started very quickly.
I felt awful.
I thought that I could not drive all the way home.
As a physician, Abbott knew that the pain comes from the pleural membrane around the lungs.
However, as Janice Allen, he just did not have reason to suspect mesothelioma.
In the end, he could not go to work last month.
Baffled doctors did X-rays of the chest and pleural catheters placed to draw the fluid from the lungs and send it for analysis.
Yet his condition is left without diagnosis.
Gradually his health condition improved, and he returned to work.
But from time to time the same symptoms returned, often after he was involved in sports and was breathing heavily.
In 2011, one of Abbott's patients come to him in the waiting room with the same symptoms, and he was subsequently diagnosed as "mesothelioma".
However, even if Abbott did not connect it with its own case.
In the end, his patient was ten years older and worked directly with asbestos.
Communication in this case was clear.
In September 2011, Abbott's condition deteriorated again and consult his doctor showed him the results of CT scans and X-rays of a group of experts.
In December 2011, exactly two years after Abbott began to feel bad, the sensor equipped camera has been introduced into the cavity between the skin of his chest and the shell of his lung.
I'm an optimist.
I usually just move on, "he says.
I'm not too worried about it, honestly.
But Rachel, my wife was going through.
The result of the biopsy came in the week between Christmas and New Year: "I was told that it is mesothelioma."
Graham Abbott: diagnosed with mesothelioma
Abbott suddenly plunged into a meeting with nurses Macmillan, one of which suggested he contact a lawyer.
It was then that he realized the scale of the epidemic.
"It turns out that asbestos was widely used, especially in large public buildings, which often had asbestos insulation on the pipes," he says.
People who have been exposed to asbestos in these buildings, are now ill with the disease.
Thus, mesothelioma is now striking younger people atypical professions.
The most dangerous asbestos-insulated pipe in the hospital is in the vaults, it is unlikely that the affected patients.
But many employees who were on the pedestrian tunnels to get from one building to another (as Andrew Lawson), or eating in the basement dining room (how often did Graham Abbott) is almost certainly really been exposed to a toxic substance.
For several decades after the war, it turns out, the hospital was a place where, in theory, limited to users for saving lives, but a place that was life-threatening to the doctors who treated them.
It still continues to move today.
Students set their Bunsen burner stand on asbestos
And it's not just the hospital.
Asbestos was often used in offices, shops, libraries and town halls because of its amazing insulation and fire-resistant characteristics.
Schools too.
In fact, many likely first exposed to asbestos in the class.
Across the country, countless chemistry lessons, the students set their Bunsen burner stand on asbestos.
There were websites, pay attention to the problem of asbestos in schools.
Meanwhile, in our homes, such harmless things like floor tiles or roof barns, usually containing asbestos.
"This is an industrial poison inherent in the enormous amount of our buildings," said Andrew Morgan, a lawyer who represented Andrew Lawson in the case against Guy's Hospital.
In one case, a single contact, which could not remember the sick woman was the demolition of a garden shed in the 1970s.
So be careful, demolishing a garden shed.
The effect of the diagnosis, it is known that the disease is incurable, is huge.
"In fact, to realize it takes a lot of time," says Graham Abbott.
I went to work and tried to continue, but I realized that I could not concentrate on what I'm doing.
I spent two weeks in surgery.
Then I realized that I have to go and deal with him.
Well, I do not meet Christmas
One of the hardest things was to move from position to position the patient's physician.
Like countless patients to him, he remembers was baffled amount of information that needs to be taken.
"It was hard to realize everything," he says.
"I asked my doctor," How much time do I have? "
I was given about 12 months.
I remember I thought, "Well, I do not meet Christmas.
That's all "".
Mesothelioma is especially dangerous, as it is the mechanics of how we support the life - the very act of breathing - is a cancer that kills.
Most cases of mesothelioma are caused by exposure to asbestos.
Asbestos is made up of tiny fibers.
When asbestos fibers are inhaled and destroyed, they can become lodged in the pleura, the lung membrane.
Asbestos fibers irritate the pleura and cause cell mutations.
"The problem arises from the inhalation of asbestos fibers needle," Professor Tom Treasure, cardiothoracic surgeon who arrived in 2001 at Guy's Hospital.
This is the hospital where the suspect Andrew Lawson, he has been exposed to asbestos, and now, ironically, a leading center for the treatment of mesothelioma.
Treasure knew Lawson and treated some others, who are likely to have been exposed to, interning at the hospital.
When the needles fall of asbestos in the lung tissue, said Treasure, "the breath pushes them to the periphery, where the shell.
This, in essence, an invasive process from the beginning.
Typical embodiments other forms of cancer treatment is much less effective in mesothelioma.
The effectiveness of surgical interventions for example, causes a heated debate.
Some people think that it's worth a try.
Treasure disagree.
"You can not cut the pleura," he says.
It is not possible to approach around it with a knife.
Meanwhile, this cancer is "not very well to chemotherapy," which "works", but does not cure.
"From time to time there are patients who live a long time," says Treasure.
But eventually, they all die.
Fortunately, some patients live much, much longer than expected.
Writer Stephen Jay Gould died 20 years after diagnosis.
Two and a half years after diagnosis, Graham Abbott continues to fight.
After he contracted mesothelioma, Abbott introduced to Andrew Lawson, who, four years after diagnosis, alone turned into a support office and consultations for the same patients.
"Hello, Cancer Center," he said cheerfully, when they are called.
"He was very positive," says Abbott.
He was diagnosed 4 years ago and it is still very energetic.
Abbott offered the first six cycles of chemotherapy, which would have taken four months and would have extended his life for a month.
"I was desperate," he says.
I wanted to give up.
Lawson, however, "managed to make the whole somewhat more positive connotation".
After meeting with several experts, Abbott decided to continue treatment with Professor Loïc Lange-Lazdunski, professor of thoracic surgery at Guy's Hospital.
"We had the advantage that I did not need directions, I just called them and they took me," admits Graham.
The average patient would have to get a referral and approval for funding.
Money plays a crucial role for patients with mesothelioma to get the best available treatments.
However, when such treatment is finally bound to fail, many patients are faced with another financial reason for concern - the future of the families they left behind.
And then they turn to the courts for compensation.
Andrew Lawson contacted Andrew Morgan of Field Fisher Waterhouse LLP.
"It was known that asbestos is harmful to health, since 1898," says Morgan.
But that changed in 1960, is the fact that it became clear that even very small amounts could expose the health risk.
That's when talking about the unfair practices of companies.
By Andrew Lawson and Guy's Hospital, eventually settled the case, but it was not a "settlement of the full value", according to Morgan, as Lawson could not clearly prove that it was the result of mesothelioma is exposure to asbestos at Guy's Hospital.
After investigating his death, a spokesman for Guy's Hospital is still confirmed, however, that "asbestos in the basement, which were discussed, was removed in the 1990s."
It was too late for Andrew Lawson.
How to remove asbestos
Strictly speaking, the tie deadly asbestos exposure to a single company or place of work - usually decades after that - was a big problem for patients with mesothelioma, demanding compensation.
Many of their former employers shut down or change of ownership.
Insurance records could be lost.
And those who are protected from lawsuits, know that time is on their side, which the plaintiffs, of course not.
In response to this year came serious new laws that make it easier for patients with mesothelioma compensation foreclosure process, even if their former employers can not be traced.
In accordance with this law, it was created £ 350 millionth Fund assets financed by the insurance industry, for those who have been diagnosed after July 2012, and who can prove contact, but who have no one to sue.
In such cases, patients will receive 80 percent of the amount that the court could award in the usual case of compensation - about £ 120,000.
About 300 successful claims under this scheme is expected every year.
Andrew Morgan, like many who work with patients with mesothelioma, believes that £ 350 million is a "very good job" for the insurance industry.
"This transaction is written by insurers for insurers," he says, hinting that the amount is a quarter that insurers would have to pay if it had not intervened and the time interval, patients with mesothelioma have been able to track down the company and file a claim in the usual way.
Even Mike Penning, formerly Minister for Work and Pensions, acknowledged that the law is "perfect."
However, Penning, and Morgan acknowledged that, despite the fact that seven people die every day, quick action was needed.
"People are suffering so much, and they need help now," he said Penning during the second reading of the Bill of mesothelioma in December last year.
By the time Graham Abbott was in the hands of Professor Loïc Lange-Lazdunski 19 months.
After initial consultations Lange-Lazdunski recommended surgery, which, unlike Tom Treasure, he considers effective.
This was followed by radiotherapy and chemotherapy - triple therapy, in which Lange-Lazdunski boasts a whole 40 percent of patients surviving for five years.
Abbott felt a surge of energy.
"This is certainly one of the most important things," says Abbott.
You see it all the time in patients.
There is some force that sustains you.
When giving up, the condition can deteriorate very quickly.
Graham Abbott went for an operation in March 2012.
By the end of August, he finished the last of six cycles of chemotherapy.
Subsequent scans showed no trace of the disease.
Then I did the scan in March [2014].
There were a few spots [cancer] in my chest.
I just would have turned 50.
It is not life threatening.
This is the end of life.
Again, Abbott went through six cycles of chemotherapy.
Now there is no trace of cancer.
However, this process, both physically and emotionally heavy.
You can think of practical things - about finances, when I die, for example, or that we have to show his wife how the timer on the boiler.
When you get bad news, become bleak.
We must look forward.
Like his father Ellie, 16, and Temzin, 14 years old, it is not always easy.
"It's difficult for a parent," he says.
It's hard to understand what to say and how to say a lot.
When I was in first diagnosed, I told the girls that I have a disease which means that I will not live to old age.
They reacted very differently.
Temzin very sociable and energetic.
She told all my friends, and we quickly called by many.
Ellie was more restrained.
She did not say much.
Such conversations - it is something with which to face all cancer patients.
But for patients with mesothelioma, such discussions are not balanced by the hope of even a glimmer of possibility to survive.
This illness brings with it (even as ultimately to Stephen Jay Gould) grim certainty.
As said Andrew Morgan, "mesothelioma is not a threat to life.
Body embalmed pharaohs wrapped in asbestos cloth.
Asbestos fibers used to strengthen the pan and increase heat resistance.
Pliny the Elder describes asbestos.
Now, invented the web, which is not flammable.
I saw made him a napkin, smoldering in the fireplace for banquets
Modern commercial use of asbestos begins in Italy, where it is used for the manufacture of paper (even banknotes) and tissues.
Large asbestos mine opened in Canada and South Africa and soon after in America, Italy and Russia.
It is an ideal insulator for steam engines and turbines Industrial Revolution.
World production of asbestos grows to more than 30,000 tons per year.
Statistics from Prudential reveal premature death among those who work with asbestos and who therefore refused life insurance.
Nellie Kershaw died in Rochdale.
Dr. William Cook demonstrates that particles of asbestos in her lungs "were, without a doubt, the main cause of death."
This is the first case of this type.
Employers Kershaw, Turner Bros Asbestos, do not accept responsibility.
Compensation will not be paid.
During the Second World War, rapidly developing shipbuilding, one of the deadliest professions in terms of exposure to asbestos.
The voluntary industry ban on imports of blue asbestos
The Court of Appeal confirmed the first successful claim for injury caused by contact with asbestos in the UK.
World production of asbestos grows to more than 4213000 tonnes per year.
Britain imports 139,000 tonnes.
The Executive Committee on Health and Safety in the UK requires that all contractors working with asbestos, received a license.
Import and use of the blue and brown asbestos is illegal in the UK.
Does the use of asbestos is banned in the UK.
Act adopted by mesothelioma in the UK.
Compensation scheme of £ 350 million declared.
Asbestos is banned in more than 50 countries, but white asbestos is still used in low-cost building materials in many parts of the world.
World production is kept at about 2 million tons per year.
China refuses to give Hong Kong the right to choose leaders; protesters vow revenge
China's parliament decided on Sunday not to allow Hong Kong voters to nominate candidates for the elections in 2017, despite growing demands for democratic reforms.
Such a move is likely to mark the beginning of the long-promised protests in the business district of Hong Kong, as activists began planning and mobilization in a few hours after the announcement.
The decision of National People's Congress, in fact, allows to remove the communist leaders of all the candidates who are not loyal to Beijing.
"It's not deceive our expectations, but it's still infuriating," said lawmaker Emily Lau, chairman of the Democratic Party.
It's not something that Beijing has promised.
They have deceived the people of Hong Kong.
And it is obvious that we are dealing with an authoritarian regime.
Defending the decision of China, Li Fei, Deputy Secretary General of the Standing Committee of National People's Congress, said that allowing nationwide promotion to head of Hong Kong's elections would be too "chaotic."
Since 1997, when Britain handed back control of Hong Kong to China, Beijing has promised to let the people of the region to choose by voting the head of government since 2017.
Chinese leaders have presented a decision taken on Sunday as a democratic step forward because it gives Hong Kong people the right to direct the voting; However, the decision also makes clear that the Chinese leaders will continue to hold fast to the process in their own hands with the help of the nominating committee, tightly controlled from Beijing.
And, according to a new article, only candidates who "love the country and love Hong Kong" will be allowed.
The decision was taken after the summer, when there were some of the largest and most well-publicized protests in Hong Kong for many years.
For a great part of the pro-democracy campaign in Hong Kong is the movement Occupy Central With Love and Peace, whose organizers have threatened to block the financial district of Hong Kong, if Beijing does not guarantee the present universal suffrage.
On Sunday evening, a few hours after the announcement, hundreds of supporters of the Occupy Central gathered in the rain in front of the headquarters of the Hong Kong Government.
At the demonstration organizers said that their movement is entering a new phase of civil disobedience, and that they will rise to a wave of protests in the coming weeks.
However, they gave no details, obviously trying to avoid problems with the public authorities.
In an online statement, the organizers said that the move "considering the possibility of capturing the central region only as an exceptional measure, an action that can be taken only if all the possibilities of dialogue have been exhausted and there is no other choice.
We are very sorry to announce that as of today all the possibilities for dialogue are exhausted and the seizure of the central region undoubtedly take place.
Public authorities in Hong Kong preparing the statement in Beijing a few days, and on Sunday at the headquarters of the government have been strengthened security measures involving police and barricades.
At the heart of the unrest is the feeling of many in Hong Kong, they slowly lose control over their own city.
The influx of residents from the mainland increased competition in goods and services.
Also amplifies the fear that the values ​​of Hong Kong, such as democracy and freedom of speech, are beginning to weaken under increasing pressure from Beijing.
Some criticize the movement Occupy Central, saying that his demonstration jeopardize business - the lifeblood of Hong Kong.
"The protest, which they say, it can cause great economic losses, depending on how many people will attend and how long," said the legislator Regina Ip, who has long criticized the move.
We do not want to spread concern that Hong Kong is getting out of control.
This view, which is detrimental for investment.
Chinese state media also gave reports in recent days, in which Hong Kong's democratic activists were shown saboteurs, guided by the Western powers.
This summer, activists organized an informal referendum on electoral law, which attracted 780,000 participants - more than one-fifth of voters in Hong Kong.
And in July, tens of thousands took to one of the largest pro-democracy demonstrations in the history of the region.
American culture graduation balls comes to university life offered to freshmen arrive on a private jet
We are pleased to respond to this demand by launching the UK's first travel service "luxury" for current students.
To leave a memorable stay at the university, the company also offers transportation options such as personal aircraft, Rolls-Royce Phantom, Aston Martin and McLaren P1.
Mr. Stewart also said that the thought of the security service.
This service - the ideal alternative for students who usually have to carry their belongings across the country dangerously overloaded car.
In combination with our new options for VIF, we look forward to how this year will help students access to the university with a minimum of effort and maximum luxury.
A company representative said that, since this service has just launched, orders have not yet been received, but added that "students will order this service in the next few weeks."
The company also said that despite the fact that stands before the students need to pay tuition fees £ 9,000 a year, she still hopes to find a market for this service.
Current students are quite different from students of 10, 20, 30 or 40 years ago with regard to the expectations and hopes: more important than ever to make a great first impression, and VIF - exactly what you need to do.
However, the National Union of Students criticized the service as divorced from reality.
Megan Dunn, vice president of the NSS on Higher Education, said: "This project is incredibly detached from the lives of most students.
Many students, who this month will begin his studies at the university, facing a crisis of the cost of living, when the availability of financial support in the form of loans and grants do not keep pace with the rapidly rising costs of basic needs before they can even begin to think about that take out thousands of pounds on something like a simple arrival at the hostel.
Feminists raise the issue of race and police conduct after Ferguson
An unarmed teenager was killed by a police officer in Ferguson, Missouri, earlier this month.
Came raise their hands, shouting: "Hands up, do not shoot," while they wait in the queue before the funeral.
After two weeks of protests in Ferguson, Missouri, related to the murder of an unarmed teenager Michael Brown, a blogger Miriam Perez Zoilus noticed a shift in the online conversation among white feminists.
In her experience, white feminists, comments, set up gender race, when it comes to promoting reproductive rights and income inequality.
However, as the tension grew in the Midwest, and has attracted nationwide attention, Perez saw Answers white women, which focused 100 percent on race.
Compared with the reaction of black women shortly after the murder on August 9, personal essay with titles such as "thought of Ferguson on behalf of the white woman" and "Feminism - it's not just about the oppression of women" appeared relatively late.
But Perez, they demonstrated a significant shift.
"As a feminist, I do not think there are many people who talk about the white skin and Privileges at this level," she said.
People felt the need to say something about what had happened.
It's very symbolic for the crisis that we are facing, because (the situation in Ferguson) is so tied to race, they felt it necessary to specify.
For the professor of English at the University of Ohio Koriten Mitchell Ferguson drew the challenges faced by African-American women every day, but that is not perceived as "women's issues" in the cultural sphere.
"I can write something funny on Facebook about what is going on with me and my partner and I get 150 likes on every side," said Mitchell.
When I write something about how people of color are under attack in his own country, the silence is deafening.
"Why do women safely to speak publicly about the relationship, but not the safety of the public sphere?" She asks.
For black women, like Mitchell, who studied the issues of race, gender and sexuality in the history of the United States, there is no dichotomy between questions relating to race and gender.
In her view, black women are on in a position to clearly separate these problems; they are faced with a complex reality every day.
At that time, the white women now combine issues of race and gender in the mainstream feminist, Hatter Angel, professor of women's and gender studies at George Mason University, said that their predecessors have done the opposite.
"Between 1865 and 1890 lynched at least 10,000 black men, and the base of this is almost always the rape of a white woman," said Hatter.
What was needed was a white woman, confirming a story to justify the lynching.
From the viewpoint of Hatter, the gap between white and black women occurred when white suffragists such as Susan B. Anthony studied the situation in the late 1800s and saw that the struggle for the right to vote will be effective only for one of the groups of women or blacks .
"They have decided to put all eggs in a basket of voting rights for women, and the right to vote for blacks was to come later," said Hatter.
A look back at things like that gives us a clear idea of ​​why women of color do not trust white women.
We did not do any good.
We will never help black women to protect their husbands and sons.
Even after women won the right to vote in 1920, it took ten years to ensure that white women united against lynching in the South Women's Association for the Prevention of lynchings.
The group has appeared in nearly 40 years after the first black women asked for help, said Mitchell.
From the perspective of Mitchell, the rise of white feminists responses to the problems raised by the situation in Ferguson - the behavior of the police, racial discrimination - it reflects the time when the white feminists had to "catch up" with the problems of black women cope for several generations.
"Would not it be great if the activists who have such [traditional feminist] ideology as seriously would react to the right to raise the child as they relate to the right to contraception?" Asked Mitchell.
Feminists of the second wave, who made a career in the struggle for reproductive rights and access to contraceptives, are now beginning to understand what it means.
The famous white activist Gloria Steinem feminist movement in two weeks after the murder of Michael Brown took advantage of Facebook and published a sharp article Guardian columnist Rebecca Carroll, who demanded that white Americans to be more involved in the protests on racism.
"I hope that women who have a different but similar reasons to understand the danger, consisting in the body - and the point of view on the racial problems that significantly differ in opinion - are headed for change," wrote Stein.
Although Stein vouches for a crossover feminism, which includes issues of race and gender, her comments about race in America are still some surprises.
Scholar at the American Enterprise Institute Christine Sommers, author of "Who Stole Feminism?" Said She The People, the young men in the United States, especially colored young people "are much more vulnerable than their sisters', but Stein's remarks about Ferguson contrary to criticism, she had expressed previously.
We now have hundreds of special programs for girls and young women, but almost nothing for the boys.
However, when the White House has recently launched a small program, "my brother's keeper", to help the vulnerable black and Hispanic youths, followed by an angry reaction from many feminists, including Gloria Steinem on.
Relationship with police black community - not the only problem forefront of promoting traditional feminism.
After the Border Service of the United States has arrested about 63,000 unaccompanied minors in the south-western border of the country this year, immigration reform came to the surface again - this time as the problem of women.
Andrea Mercado, co We Belong Together, an organization that mobilizes women in support of immigration reform, said that in order to apply this as an important issue for women, she had only to share stories of immigrant women.
"They speak for themselves," said Mercado.
When the vast majority of work visas issued [male immigrants], women who come to them, are in a position vulnerable to domestic violence and exploitation.
"These stories resonate with women's organizations," she said.
Ipswich house "a pig" is sold
Photo home offered for sale in Suffolk, was removed real estate agents when it turned out that the one with a big pig, relax in the living room.
For sale for £ 120,000, a separate house with one bedroom is on a private road in Ipswich.
Detailed description of the different photo living room at home - which was depicted with the head of a pig, resting on the couch.
Real estate agency Connells reported that a pig in the picture - a pet owner's home.
"However, the picture was posted in error and has been removed," said a company spokesman.
The detailed description of the house, Connells described former meeting house as "a unique single family house with one bedroom."
Despite the fact that the agency remove a photo from your web site, it is still stored in the promotional materials.
House for sale has sparked interest in social networks, where some have asked whether the pig is sold with the house.
Russian tennis player Maria Sharapova in the fourth round match of the US Open conceded Caroline Wozniacki, he considers that it lacks stability.
According to the athletes, she wants to end the year with dignity and try to reach a new level, reports from New York Vasily Osipov.
How would you assess your overall results of the tournament "Grand Slam" this year?
Of course, I'm glad I managed to win the "Roland Garros".
As for the other three tournaments, I did not have the stability, especially in the end of some games.
Now I, of course, upset.
It failed to reach even the quarterfinals.
What are the challenges put in front of him until the end of the season?
After insulting defeat I have a great motivation to go to the next level.
I have work to do, and I'm going to do everything possible to end the year with dignity.
Asian tournament series begins in a couple of weeks.
Member of the State Duma Committee on Physical Culture, Sports and Youth Affairs, the former world champion Nikolai Valuev for the implementation of the rules proposed by the TRP to give bonuses to enroll in college.
According to him, in general, the standards are the same as in the Soviet time - people will take the standards for pull-ups, running and other exercises.
Recall, 12 subjects of Russia will introduce from September 1 in its territory rules TRP.
I also offered to students who have passed the TRP, to give bonuses to enroll in universities - said Valuev.
For example, you can add them some points for the exam.
There are also proposals to give additional day off to employees of enterprises that have passed the test data sports.
In the city of Harvey's in South Wales, a new millionaire after winning the lottery
Player of the lottery Harvey this month.
A search for a new millionaire in the south-west of Perth, where one lucky person will take home nearly $ 1.1 million from the lottery on Saturday night.
Newsstand Harvey brings gold into the main prize draw for the second time in five years, the last win was $ 1 million in November 2009.
However, the lucky winner still need to assert themselves.
The owner of the shop, Steve Forward said that the gain has caused a stir in a small town south-west of Perth.
The whole town is talking about it, and all very excited.
We thought that the gains could be secret.
Eight winners from Western Australia celebrated winning the main prize in the last month, marking the completion of several successful week for the players of the state.
Last week, the player of the Canning Vale was one of five millionaires in August, followed by a huge $ 7.5 million prize from a pair of Belmont in just a few weeks before.
The winning couple played for twenty years, and said that the win gave them the opportunity to travel the world and buy a new house.
Millionaire Harvey brings the number won the top prize in Western Australia to 59 this year, with total winnings of $ 85 million.
Ministry of Economic Development wants to accelerate the growth of the market of electric vehicles
This week the Ministry of Economic Development will make to the government a comprehensive plan for the development of environmentally friendly transport in Russia, said the deputy director of Department of the Ministry, Oleg Pluzhnikov, at the round table, which had a "Vedomosti" on the Moscow Motor Show - 2014.
The plan drawn up on behalf of the government, one of the main goals - reducing greenhouse gas emissions.
It is expected that the document will be adopted at the end of September - early October, said Pluzhnikov, the proposed measures relating to electric vehicles and hybrids - plan for development of vehicles to natural gas in Russia already.
Plan (a copy is in "Vedomosti") is designed for 2014-2017.
It is necessary to develop criteria for evaluation of electric and hybrid vehicles, and decide how to encourage the use and production of environmentally friendly vehicles.
Report of the Government, which will be described in the tax and customs measures to support electric transport will be prepared by December 2014 .; scheme of concessional lending and leasing will grace by April 2015 .; and proposals to reduce the price of cars, promotion of localization and creation of service infrastructure will be developed by October 2015
In 2014-2015,. It is expected to make changes to regulations, to facilitate the conditions for building the charging infrastructure (parking lots, gas stations, and so on.).
In addition, federal officials are going for 2015 to formulate proposals for the regional authorities, so that they also encourage the use of environmentally friendly transport - in the form of his advantages when driving and parking, for example; and by February 2016 - and the proposal to expand the procurement of such vehicles.
Finally, the Ministry of Economic Development by October 2014 will contribute to the list of indicators for assessing the activities of the regional government criteria, reflecting the effectiveness of supporting the production of environmentally friendly transport, the development of the charging infrastructure.
Market electric vehicles in Russia is being formed - in 2013 throughout the country sold about 100 electric vehicles.
At the beginning of 2014 zeroed import duty on electric vehicles, so the sale will be approximately 500 pieces, predicts CEO of Mitsubishi Motors in Russia Andrei Pankov.
But a fivefold increase in electric cars does any notable: in 2013 in Russia, according to the Association of European Businesses, sold 2.78 million cars and light commercial vehicles.
While in Russia imports only electric vehicles Mitsubishi Motors.
Start import preparing Renault - the company is focused primarily on corporate clients, says the director of strategic planning and partnerships in Russia Renault Nicolas Remiz.
Most other manufacturers of electric vehicles has taken with regard to Russia wait.
Development of electric vehicles is and Russian producers - "" gas, "" but release miserable.
For example, in January - July 2014, according to "ACM-Holding", "AvtoVAZ" has produced 30 electric vehicles.
Demand is low because of the high cost of electric vehicles, the director admits, "AvtoVAZ" in engineering Sergey Aman, without state support the breakthrough in this segment will not ....
The development of the Russian market in addition to the high cost of electric vehicles (electric ones that are sold in Russia, on average twice more expensive than internal combustion engines) restrains backwardness of charging infrastructure (gas stations - units), general director of sighs "AUTOSTAT" Sergey whole.
Because of the high cost and slow pace of reducing the cost of electric vehicles in the next 3-4 years will remain a niche segment of the Russian market, predicts the chief editor of "Auto" Michael Podorozhansky entirely agrees with him.
Automakers, on the contrary, they say that some models of electric cars are already close to the cost of the ordinary.
The Russian market of electric cars are good prospects, the main thing - inspire confidence in consumers, "electric mobility" is real; This, in particular, will contribute to the emergence of new charging stations, stressed the President of the BMW Group in Russia Wolfgang Shlimme.
These infrastructure projects are realized, for example, the state company "Rossetti" in Moscow built several stations will soon be about another 80.
Negotiations on the construction of a network of gas stations are under way with other regions.
According to the director of the department "Rosset" Vladimir Sofin, the company believes the market is ready to build electric vehicles and charging across the country, but there are problems: a small number of electric vehicles in the country and the absence of a single standard for charging electric vehicles of various brands.
In addition, "Rossetti" as the network company does not have the right to sell electricity into the possibility to do this in relation to the charging of electric vehicles.
Pankov said the most effective measure of state formation in the Russian market electric zero customs duties.
The zero rate will apply until the end of 2014, it worked out the possibility of extension, expansion of preferential list.
Replacement of vehicle tax on the Environment (the idea being discussed, and applies to all machinery) also support the market, but not as significantly as the customs preferences, says Pankow.
The transport tax in Russia is small, says Pankow, in contrast, for example, from Norway, where tax reduction led to a sharp increase in sales of electric vehicles - now account for 12% of the market.
In Russia, the need and incentives for car owners, such as free parking in the city center (as already done in Moscow), I'm sure Pankow, or the ability to move electric vehicles on dedicated lanes, which in Russia yet.
In Colorado, he crashed a private plane
A single-engine aircraft Piper PA-46 crashed in the US state of Colorado.
Three of the five people who are in it, died, according to ITAR-TASS.
The survivors were taken to hospital.
The accident occurred a few kilometers from the runway the airport in Denver.
Who established the causes of the tragedy.
In the Donetsk region dealt with captured militants battalion "Donbass".
Punisher surrounded by Ilovaiskaya.
They were betrayed by their own commanders, and dozens of security forces were killed under fire.
Those who survived, said that if they knew what the real situation in the south-east of Ukraine, would not go to war.
108 prisoners can be called lucky.
Punishers of the battalion "Donbass" were still alive after that, "grinder" in which they came under Ilovaiskaya.
The army surrounded the People's Republic of Donetsk militants spent a few days, in fact, abandoned by their commanders and the authorities of Ukraine.
When the headquarters was informed that of the "ring" can be accessed on the allegedly provided the corridor, the column moved.
But just a couple of minutes on all sides whistling shells and bullets.
"Based on the information that I was given, we had a corridor, we were allowed to go - says the acting deputy commander of the battalion, having call" Lermontov ".
And when we Chervonoselskim between multi player and went down to the lowlands, he began the cross-fire with anti-tank guided missiles with "zushek" 30-millimeter grenade launchers, automatic guns BMD, small arms.
Ahead of me were four cars and three back in the end there are only two machines.
An officer with the callsign "Lermontov" says almost immediately killed at least 60 people and wounding dozens more, many have died later.
Surviving militants are now providing medical assistance to those they came to kill.
Now the prisoners are surprised that the so-called "terrorists" treated them well, provide food, medicines.
At that time, both their own commanders actually cheated them and doomed to certain death.
We just delivered - they say.
The column, the whole battalion to destroy it.
The battalion "Donbass", like many of his comrades, Alex volunteered, because Ukrainian News told of the atrocities allegedly repaired in the southeast, "separatists".
Already here Alexei saw a very different picture.
His mother was killed in Lugansk - not someone else, but the Ukrainian military.
I have a friend called, I said that there is a mortar attack that is likely to Ukrainian armed forces - says one of the soldiers, Alex.
I then wanted to get away from the battalion.
We were not allowed out of Ilovaysk, we said that we are in the ring.
I have agreed with the commander, the report already written resignation.
We are with charges Zurahovo immediately taken to Ilovaysk.
According to the prisoners, "pot" a man stuck Ilovaiskaya 300-350.
Now, some survivors admit that if it were possible to turn back the clock in a punitive battalion they never would not come.
All prisoners transferred militia enforcers DNI.
Each checked for involvement in war crimes.
The region has set up a headquarters to curb food prices
In the Krasnoyarsk region set up a headquarters, which, if necessary, will limit the rise in food prices on the market in the region.
Decree on the establishment of this structure has already been signed.
The composition of staff included members of the Government of the region, representatives of the executive and supervisory agencies.
Together they will monitor the prices of agricultural products in the province.
News Economy - whether Kiev will reimburse "Rosneft" $ 140 million loss?
The head of "Rosneft" Igor Sechin said the company estimates the damage from shelling Lisichansk refinery in Ukraine at $ 140 million.
He said this in an interview with Spiegel.
"We estimate the damage at $ 140 million, and will negotiate with the Ukrainian government to pay compensation," - said Sechin.
According to him, the commissioning of a modernized company Lisichansk refinery was planned in 2014
However, part of the plant was destroyed by Ukrainian artillery.
"There was no fighting, there was" entrenched insurgents "but Ukrainian artillery destroyed part of an industrial facility.
In addition, the technology was lost oil pumped into the pipes, "- he said.
Recall, July 18 in connection with the fire burned Lisichansk Refinery oil storage tanks and buildings destroyed two warehouses.
Lisichansk refinery - the main oil refinery in Ukraine, first of all, the company put into operation in October 1976
The total capacity of the Lisichansk refinery is about 7 million tons of crude oil per year.
The plant is able to produce fuel standard "Euro-4" and the Party of diesel fuel standard "Euro 5".
In March 2012, the supply of oil to Lisichansk refinery were suspended due to its unprofitability.
The company has been decided to begin repairs.
A year later, "Rosneft" has received Lisichansk refinery along with other Ukrainian assets of TNK-BP.
North Korea had launched a short-range missile toward the Sea of ​​Japan.
According to South Korean media reports, it happened around 10:30 am local time on the part of Chagang Province, which is on the border of North Korea and China.
As told to "Interfax" the Joint Chiefs of Staff of South Korea, presumably, the missile fell into the Sea of ​​Japan after it flew about 220 kilometers.
Ruble falls against the backdrop of geopolitical pressure
At the Moscow Stock Exchange the dollar rose at the opening on 3 kopecks. up to 37.15 rubles., the ruble fell to the basket against the background of geopolitical tensions.
Bidding on the dollar in the UTS started transactions within the boundaries 37,11-37,2 rubles ./$ 1, an average of two minutes a course is fixed at 37.16 rubles ./$ 1 is 4 kopecks. higher than the previous close.
The euro exchange rate amounted to 48.79 rubles. 1 Euro is 3 kopecks. higher than the previous close.
The price of the currency basket added 3.5 kopeks. and amounted to 42.395 rubles.
The US dollar is trading at 23 kopecks. above the official exchange rate of the euro - by 16 kopecks. above the official rate.
The Russian market on Friday, August 29, continued rapid decline, but the panic this time was not observed.
And the ruble continued to fall in price, and even historical highs against the dollar.
Now investors already pre win back the deterioration of the geopolitical situation and possible new sanctions against Russia.
However, while it is more like an artificial hysteria, inflated by the media, especially Western ones.
Options for the introduction of new sanctions against the Russian Federation is not so much.
TeleTrade "At the opening of the Moscow stock exchange continues a sharp weakening of the ruble against the currency basket.
The geopolitical background is the determining factor.
However, if in the near future we will not see a new negative, and Russian indices, and the position of the national currency may be adjusted.
"Orenburg airlines" will sue the "Ideal-round"
"Orenburg Airlines" presented "ideal-tour" claims for a total amount of 4.7 billion rubles.
These are two cases in which the meeting will be held in October.
Consider the case will be different judge.
According to "Interfax", the first lawsuit was filed on 14 August.
Its a little more than the sum of 425 million rubles.
The meeting on it is scheduled for October 7th.
The second application was filed on August 18.
Its amount of 4.24 billion rubles.
The meeting on it is scheduled for October 2nd.
Told reporters at the Russian Union of Travel Industry, the judge appointed for different.
In July, media reported debt "Ideal Tour" before "Orenburg Abilene" in the amount of 1.5 billion rubles.
Airlines General Director Viktor Zyukin says the amount of 1.6 billion rubles.
The general director of "Aeroflot" Vitaly Saveliev calls even greater amount - two billion rubles.
Twitter tried to become more interesting for new users
Microblogging service Twitter has changed the registration of users to quickly engage new members in active interaction with the platform.
This should reduce the number of people abandoned their microblogging.
Now the new Twitter users will view the time of registration large number Recommend service accounts to immediately make a reading circle.
Recommendations are based on these interests when registering.
This automatically sets the check Twitter for subscription is automatically selected for all accounts.
Because of this, the user will have to take his own sake, not to read those who are not interested in him.
If earlier microblogging service users see only the recommended user avatars, Twitter now displays a sample of one of the most popular tweets bloggers to help form an impression of the person.
This is the biggest change in the registration page of Twitter in the last three years.
Recently, Twitter is actively working to upgrade the service.
This activity is associated primarily with the ongoing efforts to achieve a break-even service.
In 2014, the microblogging service faced with slowing growth in the user base and the decrease in the activity of readers.
The company currently desperately needs more loyal share of consumers who, having come again, would remain for a long time.
The only way to ensure a steady stream of advertising media.
Knowledge Day in Moscow will be chilly and rainy
The first of September in the Moscow region during the day will be rainy and cool, according to meteorologists.
The air temperature in Moscow will be 16 to 18 degrees, in the Moscow region - 13-18 degrees.
When Cloudy weather places the rains, the wind in the eastern quadrant will then be rather weak - only 8.3 meters per second.
Car recycling program resumed on 1 September
From September 1 in Russia resumes action program for recycling of cars.
Until December 31, 2014 for this purpose will be allocated 10 billion rubles.
As explained by the head of the Industry and Trade Minister Denis Manturov, money allocated from the limits that have already been communicated to the Ministry of Industry and Trade through redeployment from other areas of support.
The program will apply to all vehicles over six years.
The amount of compensation will be from 40 thousand per car up to 350 thousand rubles for freight.
Earlier, Russia had to act like the scrappage program.
The main difference between the current draft, the minister explained, is now expected to not only the recycling of cars for subsequent discounts, but also an opportunity if the car has reached the age of more than six years, to purchase a new discount at the time of the old in a "trade-in" the dealer, "Interfax".
In previous federal scrappage program, which operated from 1 January 2010 to 31 December 2011, it has been spent over 16 billion rubles.
Thanks to her, the level of car production in 2010 amounted to about 1.2 million units (this is a plus of 101.4% in relation to 2009).
Creator Coming Out Simulator will release the game on modern journalism
Game designer Nikki Case, known for game Coming Out Simulator has decided to release the game on modern journalism.
He spoke about the project in an interview Kill Screen.
Case started the game a few weeks ago, but widely known this fact was only now.
The inspiration for the game were the events in Ferguson, where now there are protests, which began after a police officer killed an unarmed black teenager.
The focus of the project, which has no name yet, will be how the media coverage of stories affect their consequences.
Hero of the game, citizen journalists, you will need to photograph what is happening in areas where there are clashes between the police and the public.
The hero can take a picture of what is happening in different ways, which will affect the course of events.
If he removes the scene so that the police will look like heroes, and protesters - gangsters, the police would treat him better and to let go where normal people can not get through.
If it is to cover the events differently, his photographs can turn peaceful protests into a large-scale revolt.
Points in the game need to be dialed using Twitter hero, in which there will be new subscribers if posted photos prove popular there.
The game does not yet have a name.
Release date and platforms on which it will be unknown.
Case, however, published a picture showing how the event may vary depending on how you made and processed photograph of him.
In an interview Kill Screen Case he explained that he thought about the concept of this game for a long time, but originally wanted to devote her not to protest in the United States, and the events in the Gaza Strip.
Once he began to collect material for games, game designer realized that he did not have enough knowledge and skills to cover the history of the region.
However, when he saw media coverage of the events in Ferguson, he decided to make a game based on the incident.
Nikki Case is an independent developer who publishes browser games.
His most famous project was the Coming Out Simulator, which was released in 2014.
This game, which tells about the events of the biography of the Case, focused on how a bisexual teenager trying to talk about their relationship homophobic parents.
Geleta draws Ukraine in the continuation of bloodshed
A call to prepare for the next "tens of thousands" of victims of Ukrainian Defense Minister Valery Geleta draws people during the bloody conflict, said the Foreign Ministry.
"In Moscow, of course, drew attention to the statements of the Ukrainian military department Valery Geletey, who announced" the end of the operation to liberate the East of Ukraine from terrorists "and the beginning of the" Great Patriotic War ", the loss of which will be calculated," tens of thousands ".
The adequacy of the defense minister of Ukraine published on his Facebook page, said post - a subject for study of specialists not in the military field, "- said the Russian diplomat.
They could hardly believe that such statements may belong to the minister of defense of a civilized state.
On his Facebook page Defense Minister wrote on Monday: "According to unofficial channels the Russian side has repeatedly threatened that if they are willing to continue the resistance against us use tactical nuclear weapons."
However, he said that "the operation to liberate the east of Ukraine" is completed.
Perez Hilton removed all the intimate images of stars and apologized
Today, terror seized more than 60 Hollywood stars.
Hackers broke into primitive passwords in iCloud (data warehouse) in smartphones, after which they were intimate pictures online blogger Perez Hilton.
However, not for long.
Recall, a spokesman for the stars "The Hunger Games" Jennifer Lawrence has reported the theft of photos with her cell phone and confirmed that all the images that "shine" in the Network are authentic.
Perez Hilton - the creator of the eponymous website tabloid apologized to actress Jennifer Lawrence and her colleagues on the shop floor for the publication of explicit images, writes The Independent.
No, I was not forced to do so.
With me not contacted their agents.
And now I will remove candid photos of Jennifer Lawrence and Victoria Justice, "- he wrote a blogger on Twitter.
However, candid photos of stars have already fled across the network.
David Beckham got in an accident, hiding from the paparazzi
David Beckham got in an accident on a motorcycle to escape the paparazzi.
It happened in Los Angeles at the turn on Sunset Boulevard.
British footballer escaped with bruises and pulled muscles of his right hand.
Beckham came out of the tattoo parlor, where he was waiting for the paparazzi.
Escaping from their pursuit on a motorcycle, he has not managed to turn the control and fell, reports TMZ citing sources close to the players.
As a result, Beckham received a bruise, stretching the muscles of the right hand and scratches.
Tony Stewart crashes, returning to the track
The return of Tony Stewart's track has ended a little more than halfway through the race at Atlanta Motor Speedway.
Stewart hit the wall a second time after his right front tire exploded on lap 172, ending his speech.
Stewart drove his battered car to the garage and then left without speaking to reporters.
The head of his team Chad Johnston said that 14 members of the team are upset, but now focus on the race next weekend in Richmond, Virginia.
"I would like to be more successful attempt and a good finish for him," said Johnston.
We will go to Richmond and hopefully there we get better.
Stewart first hit the wall earlier in the race on Sunday evening after a collision with Kyle Bush, requiring repair on the right side of his car.
"I started today with a pretty great hope successfully reach the finish line," Johnston said, adding, "I just do not get."
Shortly after the second crash, the car Stewart was loaded onto a tow truck, and the team had gathered and was ready to leave.
Stewart missed three NASCAR Sprint Cup race after his car hit and killed another driver during the race on a dirt track in upstate New York.
He decided to go back this week, and he had to win or Atlanta, or at the next race at Richmond to take part in the pursuit.
He returned to work during the investigation of the tragic incident that resulted in the death of 20-year-old Kevin Ward Jr., who went out to the track, to express dissatisfaction with Stewart during the race.
Law enforcement agencies reported on Friday that the cause of the accident investigation will continue for at least another two weeks.
The decision as to whether Stewart was charged, was not accepted.
Three-time champion was greeted with loud cheers and applause when he was introduced before the race.
Starting from the 12th position, Stewart was in the first 10 early in the race, reaching the fourth position.
Then, on lap 122 after the restart number of Bush.
18 car came down from the trajectory at the exit of turn two and crashed into Stewart, pushed both cars into the wall.
Stewart continued, but fell behind to 21 th position.
Sobchak and breakfast Vitorgan cigarettes with Zhvanetsky in Odessa
Ksenia Sobchak and Maxim Vitorgan are now in Odessa, as TV presenter did not fail to provide in its Instagram.
However, one picture is very surprised and very confused fans couples.
Photographed at Zhvanetskogo.
"At a luncheon Mikhail Mikhailovich Zhvanetskogo Maxim explains what instagramm :)) # Odessa" - signed photograph of Ksenia Sobchak.
However, apart from cigarette on the table does not present.
No coffee, rolls, butter and other things ...
Fans of the pair decided that Xenia also smokes, and condemned her for it.
"And whose cigarette ?," Smoking kills "," Kakoy- the cigarette B) "," It seems to be for breakfast, and on the table only cigarettes))) "," Xenia, you smoke too? "- Agitated for their darling subscribers her blog.
Recall recently Sobchak boast a delicious dinner for the first time in my life has prepared her Maxim Vitorgan.
"Happiness is when you come to the country, and her husband to your arrival cooked dinner (the first time in married life, but what vkusnyy.Glavnoe that are now at the end of dinner, did not say the words of the joke:" Now that so every day was, "- boasted her husband Ksenia Sobchak.
The picture shows that Maksim something diligently preparing, and on the table already served pickles and baked chicken.
Prison officials in Bulgaria held a national protest
Hundreds of prison officers from all over Bulgaria held a national protest in front of the Ministry of Justice in the capital, Sofia.
During a peaceful demonstration they repeated their demands to return the previous working conditions that have been recently modified.
Raising salaries is also included in the list of requirements that will be discussed with the Acting Minister of Justice Hristo Ivanov.
Within a month, the officers expressed a symbolic protest against the new timetable, demanding the return of the former 24-hour shifts.
Despite the fact that the union of prison employees repeatedly met with representatives of the Ministry of Justice, the agreement has not been reached, according to the Bulgarian National Radio (BPR).
Negotiations are continuing, said the head of the Main Directorate of the BNR penal Rosen Zhelyazkuv.
It is expected that the protest prison officers to join a trade union members of the Federation of trade unions of employees of the Ministry of Interior.
The army controls the new government of Thailand
General Prayut (right) was appointed to the post of Minister of Defense Pravita Vongsuvana (left)
Military ruler and Prime Minister of Thailand, General Prayut Chan-Ocha announced the composition of the new Cabinet of Ministers, in which more than one third of the posts occupied by the generals or retired generals.
Representatives of the army received key posts: Ministers of Defense, Finance, Foreign Affairs and Trade.
Monday Prayut Chan-Ocha has been approved as prime minister after the fact, as the King of Thailand officially endorsed the appointment of the head of the interim military government for the post.
60-year-old soldier, seized power in the country in a bloodless coup on May 22, was the only candidate for the premiership.
He was elected Prime Minister in the Parliament.
Earlier, the army appointed MPs.
According to Chan-Ocha Prayuta, the coup was the only way to maintain stability.
It was preceded by a demonstration which lasted six months, during which protesters demanded the resignation of Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra.
Officially Prayut Chan-Ocha is temporary prime minister, as the military plans to hold general elections at the end of 2015.
However, there are concerns that the military has been trying to consolidate his power in the country.
The military took power on May 22
against the background of complete paralysis of the civil power.
Leaders of the main political parties have been provisionally arrested.
Immediately after coming to power of the military, they were subjected to temporary arrest of the country's leading politicians, including Prime Minister Shinawatra Yinglyk.
Arrested were also some journalists and public figures.
The current political crisis has its roots in 2006 when the army ousted from the post of Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra's brother Yinglyk.
Both are popular among the rural population, especially in the northern areas of the country that do not just provide them success in the elections.
However, many members of the middle class and the elite of the capital entered the anti-government movement, which since November 2013 virtually paralyzed the country.
Nobody said that the mussels in a salad will be better, I have not promised the waitress jokes from the new brasserie Palm.
We have to formally recognize that this is indeed the case, but the mind and the stomach remained adamant.
After all, long known: we say "Belgium" - mean the mussels, we say "mussels" - mean "Belgium".
Restaurateurs like profound claim that the success of institutions depends on three factors: it is location, location and once again location.
There are places located not that good, even excellent, but some unlucky.
In short, sitting at a table Palm, I remembered that once there was a cafe "City" (in honor of one of the TV), then "Odessa-mama" and another restaurant "Beaujolais" beer and "Friendship".
Now, here again, the beer, but not nostalgic Soviet and Belgian.
Above ground located just the tip of the iceberg bar and a couple of tables, all the rest of the space is devoid of even a hint of sunshine.
But here fun in the children's room: red, yellow and green walls, colorful chairs, instead of windows - TV, where swim-mermaid girl.
Belgian institutions in St. Petersburg for a long time no longer a novelty, so there is something to compare.
There are eight kinds of draft beer (260-300 rubles per 0.5 liters) and countless bottle (170-1550 rubles).
Convivial-positive waitress presents a menu of fun, telling that "mussels - great hearty seeds", and it should be noted: this service, despite some shortcomings, - the positive side of Palm.
Menu expected content, but often very suddenly on execution.
Well, who, for example, is given to predict that meatloaf with prunes Walloon (280 rubles) - in fact, carpaccio, cut to the same so finely that the parchment paper over to him seem outrageously thick cloth.
To feel at least some taste can be only if the shovel again poltarelki.
With salads deal worse.
Classic Liege (260) would be correct to recognize the crime against the Belgian people: some faded iceberg boiled once a long time ago potatoes raskisshaya Kenyan beans, stiff chips bacon plus some reason, pickled onions.
With this Liege salad meeting not wish anyone!
The composition of the ingredients of the Belgian lettuce was partially to others, but the impression did not differ too positive.
If immature quartered cherry tomatoes and refried mushrooms could still close my eyes, then why mussels look like for her life several times and managed to unfreeze the boil!
After all, I already know: there is quite normal White Sea mussels!
They are served in a pan "in a sauce of your choice" (490-560 rubles per 0.5 kg).
Half a dozen sauces, the one white wine, celery and carrots, frankly is not specified.
Vegetables are, and there is no fragrance, and whether there is wine, and remains a mystery.
But good to rely frit mussels with homemade mayonnaise.
Chicken vaterzoy here - not chowder, thick to such an extent that, depending on the mood you can decide the first or second dish in front of you, but just nice creamy soup.
It was stated that a local chef prepares a rabbit in beer sauce, and nothing was said about rosemary.
In actual fact the situation was diametrically opposite: rosemary drowned them all.
The impression that this rabbit fed only during the lifetime of rosemary bushes, making the meat has become so unusual flavor.
But it was attached to the leg of a rabbit wonderful - no, just in excellent pear caramelized crust.
Waffles in Palm offer not only sweet, but hearty - with beef, chicken or bacon and cheese (220-280).
Maple sauce proved too watery, and waffles dryly.
But the manager came up to the table very informally inquired about dining experiences.
Hence, it is necessary to come again.
The dollar rose to above 37 rubles MICEX on news about upcoming new Western sanctions against Russia.
This is a new historical record.
The dollar settlements "tomorrow" to 10:29 MSK grew by 26.9 kopecks and amounted to 37.02 rubles, the euro rose by 30 cents - up to 48.73 rubles, according to the Moscow stock exchange.
Currency basket rose by 28 cents to the level of the previous closing and cost 42.28 rubles.
Prior to the events of the Crimean dollar peaked February 19, 2009 - when he was worth 36.43 rubles, and March 3, 2014 he was 37.005 rubles.
On the night of August 29, the White House said that US President Barack Obama and German Chancellor Angela Merkel to discuss the possibility of additional sanctions against Russia.
The weakening of the ruble is long-term, and in tandem with the euro and against the dollar.
Long-term forecast assumes that mark, - says senior analyst, "Alpari" Anna Bodrov.
Everything connected with Ukraine, one way or another will be reflected in the courses.
As long as this continues, investors will react.
Today, the rumors about the invasion not confirmed by either side, but the market has been very emotional.
All the talk about the fact that he was resistant to such news yesterday were dashed.
Week, experts predict, will close around these levels - 36.90 and 37.05 rubles per dollar.
The tax period is ended, oil prices are weak, politics, sanctions, the problem of gas transit through Ukraine - all links in one chain.
Also projected acceleration of inflation: in current prices for the autumn will be added from 5 to 10%.
Soon, moreover, end of seasonal fruits and vegetables, and there will come a vacuum, is reoriented to other network providers.
"The dollar went up to the mark of 37 rubles, passed it and went back, some powerful tantrums no, - says Head of market analysis" Opening Broker "Constantine Bush.
There will still be watching, will be administered on Saturday promised sanctions as would meet NATO.
The ruble, according to him, has weakened sharply after the tax season, then went to the news on Ukraine, in addition, the Central Bank said last week that before the year is completely converted to a floating rate and refuses any foreign exchange intervention.
If you look at the daily fluctuation, it was no different from the previous ones this month, all of it scared the mark of 37 rubles, - continues the analyst.
And so, in terms of turnover anything powerful happened.
Troubled times for the currency market was, remember, when the end of January was an increased demand for the currency as well as the third of March, when the Central Bank has shipped a record number of currencies.
The UFS IC and see the positive side of the weakening of the ruble.
First of all, the growth of budget revenues from export operations, as well as increasing the competitiveness of domestic producers at the expense of increased cost of imports, says principal analyst at UFS IC Alexei Kozlov.
Negative points include the rise in price of imported goods and services.
Sharp fluctuations in the Russian currency significantly reduce the attractiveness of investing in the Russian economy, encourage the growth of inflationary pressures and, as a consequence, become a cause of increased cost of borrowing money, which, in turn, hampers the development of the national economy.
If we talk about the stock market, the depreciation of the ruble smoothes decline in stock prices, expressed in rubles.
For example, the MICEX index during trading on Thursday declined by 1.67% and the RTS index lost 3.27%.
This significant difference in the relative value index decreased due to the weakening of the ruble during the day more than 1.5%.
The weakening of the ruble is explained by emotional and massive desire to buy the currency.
As practice shows, the emotions gradually come to naught, and the quotes of the ruble fully or partially recover the lost ground.
"We believe that soon we will be able to see the ratio of US dollar and Russian ruble near the level of 36 rubles to the dollar", - says Alexei Kozlov.
A genetic disorder is often misdiagnosed
The British reported that it spent many years thinking that die after the wrong diagnosis.
Karen Rogers spent most of her adolescence, thinking that she left to live only a few years after she was diagnosed with another disease.
In fact, she had a disease of Charcot-Marie-Tooth (CMT) - a group of inherited disorders that lead to damage to the nerves outside the brain and spine.
The charity CMT UK reported that incorrect diagnosis - a common problem in people with CMT, because so little is known about this condition.
At about 23,000 people in the UK allegedly has CMT, which can cause motor symptoms such as muscle weakness, uncertain gait and pursed his toes.
Patients may experience numbness or pain, and the condition can not be cured and progresses, which means that the symptoms worsen with time.
When Rogers was 13, she thought she suffers from Friedreich's ataxia (AF) - a condition for which the prognosis was very poor.
Rogers thought she would be confined to a wheelchair by the time she is 18, and die before she turns 30.
The mother of two children, now 51, said: "As a child, I knew that I could not do what the other.
Every day I fell, and I all took more time.
I never could roller skate or skateboard with other children, and many scoffed at me in school because I went and ran.
Rogers said that when she was 13, after several operations to free up the Achilles tendon and straighten the foot, she looked into the medical record, when her doctor left the room, and it was written that she AF.
"I felt guilty because his nose where it does not follow, so I did not tell anyone, but I returned home, found the information about the state of the library and wrote to the Association of AF," she said.
When I received information in response, I was shocked and experienced the most terrible panic, which only is possible.
I thought that I would be in a wheelchair in the 18th and die before I turn 25, and I gradually lost all his abilities in this interval.
I went through it alone, and I had planned his own funeral.
She said that by the time she turned 17, she realized that her ability to walk has not deteriorated as much as she thought, and ask your doctor.
He just got up and hugged me and said: "My dear, I do not think that you have this disease, because you would have been in a wheelchair."
I think you have something that is much less of a threat to life.
After several genetic studies she found CMT.
"When he explained what CMT, I thought that pulled the winning ticket," she said.
The charity CMT UK announced a month information about CMT, to try to draw attention to the disease.
The tax burden on businesses of the Washington area is increasing as the economy recovers
Rebounding economy means more customers, more sales and more jobs.
It also means higher taxes.
Accounts to pay taxes on the state and local level for companies across the country, have increased moderately last year, when the economic recovery has accelerated, according to a new study released last week, and the company in the Washington area - is no exception.
Companies in the District, Maryland and Virginia collectively paid $ 27.6 billion into the coffers of the state and local level in fiscal 2013, 3.8 percent more than the $ 26.6 billion collected for the year 2012.
The tax burden on business by the state and local level in the past year increased by 4.3 percent, to $ 671 billion, compared with 3.9 percent a year earlier, and it was the third consecutive year of growth after reaching successive years, when the bills decreased in 2009 and 2010.
Taxes levied staff grew faster, 4.3 percent, than local taxes, 3.9 percent, according to the study, which was conducted by professional services, Ernst & Young and the Centre for Taxation State, a group of tax policy.
More than half of tax revenues in the district, 56 percent accounted for taxes on businesses, while 36 percent of tax revenues accounted for Maryland companies.
Virginia, with 28 percent, bringing the lowest tax revenue in proportion, from businessmen.
To a large extent the growth of tax revenue caused by the return to the previous level of the cost of real estate companies, the researchers say, that raised property taxes by 3.7 percent this year after three consecutive years, when the growth was less than 1 percent.
While a large proportion of these revenues accounted for a large staff, such as California, New York and Texas, it seems that the same thing happens in the Washington area.
Companies in the District, Maryland and Virginia collectively paid $ 10 billion in property taxes for state and local levels in the past year, to $ 9.6 billion more than in 2012 - an increase of 4.2 percent compared with the previous year.
However, the observed value of the return of property does not have any similar effect on the growth of tax revenues for the state and local level in Maryland, where property taxes barely exceed one-fifth of the tax bills of companies.
Company Virginia and the District of Columbia paid about half of tax bills by state and local level in the form of property taxes.
"What's happening in Maryland - is that such a large part of their property, particularly the tax base around the District of Columbia, owned by any government or non-profit organizations that do not pay taxes on the property," said Douglas Lindholm, executive director of the state tax.
Thus, Maryland forced to rely much more, for example, on income taxes to pay for the same services that are in other states.
The recent increase in tax revenues from the business can not be fully explained by reduction of the real estate market.
Revenues entrepreneurs also seem to go on the amendment, according to these data.
Companies in the region declared corporate income tax at the state level of $ 2.3 billion, $ 2.1 billion more than in 2012.
Maryland collected $ 1 billion of corporate income tax revenues, the most in the region.
Although the trends are directed in the same direction, the tax burden businesses locally not increase at the same rate in all three areas.
The growth rate in the District of Columbia was on the same level as the national average, 4.3 percent, while growth in Maryland was much faster 4.9 percent.
Only in Virginia saw the rise of tax revenues below the average, equal to 4.1 per cent.
In Virginia it had the lowest corporate income tax of the three jurisdictions (each with the same corporate rate) equal to 6 percent.
In Maryland, the corporate rate is 8.25 per cent, while in the county is relatively high - 9,975 percent.
A similar study of US Chamber of Commerce earlier this year showed that lower taxes in Virginia for entrepreneurs on the state and local level and, in general, a more favorable climate in regard to taxes on businesses than in Maryland.
District has not been assessed in this study.
Despite its advantages, Virginia is experiencing competitive pressure from its neighbor to the south.
North Carolina recently signed legislation reducing corporate rates this year from 6.9 percent to 6 percent, the same as in Virginia, and the rate will fall to 5 percent next year.
If the state will continue to achieve the objectives of tax revenues in the next year, this law would bring the income tax rate for entrepreneurs, even to 3 percent by 2017.
Meanwhile, a small business in the Washington area, it seems, feels better, and thus pay more taxes at the state and local level, according to recent research.
Taxes for entrepreneurs, paid in the form of personal income tax small business owners - a transitional structure, which is arranged on the majority of small firms - in the District of Columbia, Maryland and Virginia increased by 20 percent last year to $ 2.4 billion, with a much higher rate of growth, than taxes for entrepreneurs in general.
The researchers say that trend and increased revenues from taxes on businesses across the country are likely to persist this year, with sales tax revenues in the state government and the local level, have grown by 6.2 percent in the first three quarters of 2014 to compared with the same period last year.
However, the Washington area may lag behind, as the decline in federal spending affects the labor market in the region.
Bronze age of the Russian Judo
Home World Judo Championship has brought the Russian team two silver and seven bronze medals.
For this indicator, the Russians lost only the main favorite of the competition - the national team of Japan.
The tournament started in Chelyabinsk on Monday, the first day brought the Russian team silver medal.
Its owner was the Beslan Mudranov, speaking in the category up to 60 kg.
In the final fight with equal Boldbaatar Ganbat Mongolia outcome of the confrontation decided to just one comment received Russian.
But the second day of the tournament was the most successful for the Russian national team - on Tuesday were won just three medals.
In the men's competition in the category up to 66 kg of silver went to Michael Pulyaevu and bronze - Kamal Khan-Magomedov.
In the final match the Russians lost to the world champion in 2011 and 2013 the Japanese Masashi Ebinume.
Khan-Magomedov, the loser in the quarter final to compatriot triumphantly walked across the consolation tournament and won the bronze medal.
In the women's tournament, the category up to 52 kg and the third step of the podium got Natalia Kuzyutina.
In the semifinals, she lost to current world champion Maylinde Kelmendi from Kosovo, which appeared in this tournament under the banner of the International Judo Federation and successfully defended the title.
In the dispute over the bronze Kuzyutina beat Ma Yinan from China, but after the tournament is still admitted that third place - this is not something that she expected.
Again obstacle to the Russians for gold became Kelmendi wins Kuzyutinu earlier in the finals of the European Championship.
On the third day of the tournament in Chelyabinsk bronze in the Russian football team put Musa Mogushkov, who fought in the 73 kg category.
In the quarterfinals, his abuser was a former representative of Moldova Victor Skovortsov now plays for the team of the United Arab Emirates.
But then the Russian won two fights and won awards.
Mogushkov spoke at home the championship with an ankle injury, which he intends to heal soon, so take a break in the competition.
As for the ex-moldovanina Skvortsova, he and he got to the tournament bronze medal.
Interestingly, another compatriot, who took the citizenship of the UAE sports, Ivan Remarenko bronze finished performance in the category up to 100 kg.
The fourth day of the 2014 World Cup as the Russians brought a bronze medal in the category of which 81 kg won Ivan Nifontov.
In the small final uphill battle he notes due opponent defeated Frenchman Alain Schmitt.
On Friday the tournament were played just three sets of medals, but the Russians traditionally limited to a bronze in the men's tournament to 90 kg.
Its owner became Cyril questions, and the Russian national team, this medal was assured, his rival for the consolation final was compatriot Kirill Denisov.
However, the most battle did not take place: Voprosova opponent could not get out on the mat because of an injury.
Men's bronze was won by the hosts, and the sixth day of competition - in its football team put Renat Saidov, speaking in the category of over 100 kg.
In the consolation final, he won a clear victory over the Brazilian David Moura.
Thus ended the individual part of the world championship.
On the last day of the tournament in Chelyabinsk on Sunday, played out a world title in the team competition.
Both Russian teams - both male and female - were among the main contenders for the award, but, as in the individual competition, the fair sex are not lucky - until they reached the medal.
But Russian wrestlers won team silver.
In the final confrontation they were in a bitter struggle with the score 2-3 conceded the main favorites of the competition - the team Japan.
At the same time the Russian team led 2-0 after a clear victory Khan Magomedov and strong-willed - Denis Yartsev (weight up to 73 kg).
However, in heavier weight classes with their Japanese rivals were unable to cope Habachirov Murat (81), Magomed Magomedov (90) and Aslan Cambio (100).
By the same scenario developed and the bronze match at the women's tournament, where the Russian national team, leading 2-0, lost to Japanese women - 2-3.
In the team competition in Chelyabinsk attended by President Vladimir Putin of Russia, which after the end of the tournament, congratulated the men's team silver.
"Second place - it is a great honor, but I want to say that it was clear that you could become champions, - Putin said, quoted by RIA" Novosti ".
Play the Japanese, the founder of judo - is nothing to be ashamed of there.
But I am sure that you can have them and win.
The Russian national team on home made world championship is much better than a year ago at a similar level competitions held in Rio de Janeiro.
Then in the assets of the Russian team had only three medals - one silver and two bronze.
In this current tournament Olympic champions passed Arsen Galstyan, Mansur Isaev.
We all, of course, great maximalists.
Yes, I want gold medals.
But let us remember that if a person in the Olympic cycle is included in the top eight, it is a potential winner of the Olympic Games.
Especially in a sport like judo ", - he summed up the tournament Sports Minister Vitaly Mutko, as quoted by the press service of the championship.
Team Japan was the best to be expected in Chelyabinsk won 11 different medals, five of which were gold.
The next World Cup will be held next summer in Astana.
To familiarize with other materials, news and statistics, please visit summer sports.
Family Joan Rivers is hoping for the best
Joan Rivers is unconscious from arrival at the hospital in New York three days ago, but her daughter expressed the hope today that the 81-year-old comedienne recover from illness.
"Thank you for your continued love and support," said Melissa Rivers in a statement today.
We hope for the best.
Her mother arrived at Mount Sinai Hospital on Thursday after an emergency call that she had suffered a cardiac arrest in the hospital in the Upper East Side, Yorkville endoscopy, sources said.
Doctors have deliberately kept her under anesthesia and under strict supervision until they will not satisfy her condition, which remains "severe".
The response was extensive, including numerous online support from the likes of Donald Trump, Montel Williams and Kelly Ripa.
All can kings
Available debut album Royal Blood - new hope of British rock duo who brought rock from the clubs directly to the stadium.
Royal Blood duo just a year on the stage, but has an active music award nomination for the BBC, a tour opening for Arctic Monkeys and a visit to the dressing room of the New York concert by Jimmy Page himself.
Their debut self-titled album has a few months before the release was 100 thousand. Pre-orders and a contract for its production is in the portfolio of major label Warner Music.
Given the current deplorable situation in the music market, the situation is out of the way, because we are not talking about a new Lana Del Rey or the next Sweet representative of the "new R'n'B", and a duet bykovatyh to look at the British playing at the volume and the intensity of which was last in vogue a few decades ago.
In general, rates on the first album, in relation to all the aforesaid circumstances were particularly high and are already justified.
Duet knowingly took the name by which previously could encroach unless absolutely desperate hairy metal, and the blood flows no kings, they feel in their veins, is also understandable.
It is, of course, first of all the heroes of the last level of Led Zeppelin: as the great quartet, Royal Blood aim to shake up the stagnant blood of British rock, moving it to a new height.
Making predictions about the success of this company is, perhaps, too early, but some argue that it is already possible.
Ten songs, put in thirty minutes with a little - it's not so much a demonstration of the phenomenal composer's talent as a confident and powerful declaration of intent.
Some of the advantages of separate rooms, of course, can not be denied: for example, the pilot single "Out Of The Black" is characterized in that the memory is not melodic line and drum parts.
Musicians jokingly say that this song squeal generally easier than to sing.
It should also highlight the powerful "Little Monster" and a cover plate song "Better Strangers" to quote the title of Shakespeare.
However, the truth is that each of these songs will sound great at the party lovers of hard rock, but when you play in a row, they merge into a more or less homogeneous web.
And it is not necessarily bad, quite the contrary.
The strength of the Royal Blood is that they do not claim the laurels of the new Lennon and McCartney (rather too labeled successor Motörhead), but brought many rock duo from the ghetto indie clubs.
Their music, in spite of some variety, created for stadiums, in the room, which seats less than a couple of thousand people, it is obviously closely.
Secret partly tricky using bass, replacing the guitar in the usual format, invented at the beginning of the zero The White Stripes.
However, it is not only tools, but also in the approach to songwriting.
Heroes retroroka zero were chosen with great difficulty beyond the postmodern paradigm, with great reluctance, we went out to plead not simply imitators, and independent creative units.
Royal Blood is now sound so powerful and brazen that the pressure successfully drapes and some secondary die-hard musical material.
Well, in the end, who said that rock have to be smart?
Amazon buys Twitch for $ 1.04 billion
AMAZON has just confirmed what Information reported on Friday morning: Online Shop - and video producer, and a hundred other things - buying service streaming video playback Twitch for $ 1.04 billion ($ US970 million).
This news was not a surprise because no one expected that Twitch will be sold, but because many expected that YouTube will be the buyer.
Three months ago, Google video service Twitch sale for a good billion looked completely finished, and this combination seemed natural.
Twitch, founded only three years ago as a Justin.tv, set a goal to be the streaming service of a general nature - version of YouTube in real time.
Instead, he quickly became a platform where gamers will broadcast its in-game moments; "YouTube for games in real time," according to Business Insider.
Interface Twitch.
And "let's play", a genre of movies, which provide know-all (mostly old), games processing as in "mysterious theater", already popular on YouTube.
The fact is that YouTube is often referred to when describing Twitch, so the news that YouTube gets Twitch was met with little interest, a classic example of an entrenched technology companies to redeem a potential competitor.
It is a mystery why the deal with YouTube failed, given that, according to available information, he was willing to pay not less than the Amazon.
All we have at the moment - this statement by the executive director Shira Twitch Emmett: "We chose the Amazon, because they believe in our community, they share our values ​​and our long-term goals, and they want to help us achieve them faster."
Another mystery, to be honest, it is improbable success Twitch.
Snob like me, who say that it is better to be engaged in sports than watching it, it is difficult to understand the appeal of watching the game, instead of to pick up a joystick.
It is one thing - to look over his shoulder each other at 3 am when she crawls through a Resident Evil, and quite another - to look like some kind of an outsider gets 20 headshots in a row in the Call of Duty.
All the games that you could look right now.
Another problem is that many of today's most popular games are designed for one person, so watch them shoot without controlling the angle of view of their own, can be a recipe for a headache, worthy of Do It Right.
I agree that the speed of passage in which Roger Bannister of our electronic age complete the entire game in record time, entertain.
But if it is not a virtuoso, or humor, it is unlikely that it will do Twitch channel interesting.
But they know the skeptics like me?
At Twitch 55 million unique visitors per month, and is the fourth largest source of Internet traffic peak.
Exactly how Amazon will work on this?
It is hard to imagine that minimizes to Twitch Amazon Instant Video as gracefully as YouTube could just absorb Twitch.
However, Twitch is what would gladly have received any company: the crowd of young men, they dream of advertisers.
As the head of Twitch Shire, Amazon and Twitch "both believe in the future of gaming," and this channel shows no signs of fading even - oh - like a spectator sport.
As a result of what happened in 2004. The attack killed more than 330 people, including 186 children.
More than 800 people were injured.
We spent a few days in Beslan.
We talked with the survivors hostage - almost all are now students with parents of the victims, with the caretaker of the cemetery - the City of Angels - Ramon Kaspolatovym, head of the committee "Mothers of Beslan" Susanna Dudieva who participated in the raid emergency workers - says the correspondent of department of "Society" Elizaveta Antonova worked on the special project.
Even after returning to Moscow, met with Aslambek Aslakhanov, who 10 years ago was an adviser to the president of the North Caucasus and was negotiating with the terrorists, as well as the officer of the "B" of the FSB of Russia Vyacheslav Bocharov. "
What shocked me most of the work on this subject - is that in Beslan as if there were these ten years.
This topic is very painful for anyone who has at least some relation to it, people are struggling to agree to talk about what happened.
Impressions from the trip very difficult.
But you can not forget Beslan, and I hope, with the task we have coped, "- said Antonov.
Special project developed by the studio holding infographic Rambler & Co, who works in the company since the spring of this year.
Previous special projects were dedicated to the First World War and the 15th anniversary of Vladimir Putin to stay in power.
North Korea has launched short-range missiles
North Korea had launched short-range missiles into the Sea of ​​Japan, said, "Yonhap".
The launch was made about 10:30 am local time on the part of Chagang Province, on the border of North Korea and China.
Presumably, the missile fell into the Sea of ​​Japan, flying about 220 km, said the Joint Chiefs of Staff of South Korea.
Deputies proposed to accelerate the entry into force of the law on personal data
If successful, the initiative, the data can not be stored Russians on servers abroad since January 1, 2015
In the State Duma a draft law providing for the transfer of the date of entry into force of the adopted law on personal data of Russians - from 1 September 2016 to 1 January 2015.
The initiative is placed in the base of the legislative activities of the lower chamber.
Its authors were the deputies of the State Duma Vadim Dengin Yaroslav Nilov (LDPR), Evgeny Fedorov ("United Russia"), Vladimir Parahin ("Fair Russia") and Alexander Yushchenko (CPRF).
This change, according to the authors of the initiative, will facilitate a more rapid and effective enforcement of the rights of Russian citizens on the safety of personal data and the secrecy of correspondence in the information and telecommunications networks.
Law, whose entry into force hasten parliament obliges store in Russia Russians personal data processed via the Internet.
It also makes mandatory recording, systematization, accumulation, storage, updating and removal of personal data of citizens of the Russian Federation, in databases located on the territory of Russia, as well as an indication of information on the location of the database.
In addition, the law gives the right to Roskomnadzor court decision to restrict access to the information processed in violation of the Russian legislation in the field of personal data.
The law also proposes the creation of so-called "black lists" of offending sites - automated information system "Register of infringers of personal data."
This law was passed by the State Duma in the summer.
The authors of the bill were Andrei Lugovoi and Vadim Dengin LDPR and the Communist Party, Alexander Yushchenko.
Dengin Yushchenko also among the authors of this bill to postpone the entry into force of the adopted law.
Those who have data centers in the Russian Federation there is no need to pay the rent
Commenting today introduced a bill in the State Duma first deputy head of the Duma Committee on Information Policy, Leonid Levin said that he sees no problems for the postponement of the entry into force of the law on protection of personal data.
According to him, those companies that have a January 1, 2015 will not have their own storage of personal data of Russians in Russia will be able to rent them, such as "u" Rostelecom ", which has repeatedly said that they are willing to provide their servers for rent and already provides its servers in Mail Group, the Western companies that today are already providing their servers. "
"Moreover, there are several independent data centers willing to cooperate in this field," - he added.
"If companies decide to implement the law and continue to work in Russia, I see no problem - they will get the technological possibilities for accommodation" - summed Levin.
The controversial bill
Immediately after the publication of the draft Law of the Russian Association of Electronic Communications expressed concern that the adoption of the bill the Russians no longer be able to use many global Internet services.
In particular, we are talking about the services of online booking air tickets and hotels.
According to the association, "the bill deprives the subjects of personal data - citizens of the Russian Federation the right to manage their own data defining imperative that they record, organize, and so should be provided only in databases located on the territory of the Russian Federation."
In a statement RAEC stresses that more effective measure would be to create a mechanism to inform the user about where the recording, systematization of his personal data.
In this case, he will be able to choose which area will be carried out such actions.
The adoption of these bills on the "localization" of personal data in other countries has led to the maintenance of global services and to significant economic losses.
Participant tests bucket of ice water dislocated jaw
Isabel Roberts from the UK so screamed when her head was poured into ice water that damaged the bone structure of the face.
This test is a bucket of ice water until the pain has gone wrong.
The woman was hospitalized after she cried during the test a bucket of ice water that dislocated jaw.
Isabel Roberts cried so hard when her head was poured into ice water that damaged the structure of the face.
"The water was so cold that I cried, but when I did it, my jaw beginning to get stuck," she told The Mirror.
Water is poured on the 20-year-old.
Isabel Roberts seconds before an accident
I tried to shut my mouth, but it was not closed, it is stuck, and then came to me to understand that something is wrong.
Then my mom and sister came to the same understanding, and they began to laugh, but I had to quickly take to the emergency room.
20-year-old woman from the United Kingdom was taken to the hospital to straighten the jaw after taking part in the popular enthusiasm on Tuesday.
The video became a web sensation and was published thousands of times on Facebook and Twitter.
Ukrainian military militia handed over 400 prisoners
The "Army of New Russia" claim that downed Ukrainian Su-27, and the enemy is accused of violating the cease-fire agreement
The militia, as of September 1 10:00 Ukrainian side handed 402 prisoners, 72 of whom were wounded, and the dead bodies of 35 soldiers.
This was reported by "Interfax" the spokesperson of the "Army of New Russia."
He added that "the forces of air defense in the area of ​​the village Mereshki downed aircraft Su-27 violated the cease-fire agreement."
According to the source, the Ukrainian side in the shelling of the Lugansk airport adopted international conventions prohibited cluster munitions.
A spokesman said that the militia of the night managed to damage two helicopters Ukrainian Air Force on one of the airfields, and destroy two armored personnel carriers and two warehouses with ammunition.
"Casualties of the enemy - to a hundred men killed and wounded, surrendered 13 people," - concluded the representative Staff.
"Interfax" has no confirmation of this information from the Ukrainian sources.
On Sunday, armed groups "People's Republic" Donbass announced the transfer of the Ukrainian side in the framework of the ceasefire 223 POWs and soldiers of the National Guard of Ukraine.
At the same time the army DNI night, according to the "Army of New Russia," "thwarted attempt natsgvardeytsev in violation of earlier agreements to withdraw from the area of ​​environment heavy equipment."
Then the militia told about the destruction in the two fast-moving battle tanks and two BMP, capturing six tanks and 198 soldiers disarm.
According to staff, the total losses of the enemy on all fronts (Donetsk, Lugansk, Mariupol) for the night amounted to five tanks, eight armored combat vehicles, more than 120 people dead and wounded
Late last week, a large group of Ukrainian military was surrounded by militia near Ilovaysk in the Donetsk region.
Russian President Vladimir Putin asked the leadership of the "people's republics" to release the Ukrainian troops from the environment.
The DNR agreed to go for it if they pass the enemy weapons and ammunition.
The first troops began to leave dozens of settlements surrounded by Saturday morning.
According to the commander of the battalion was surrounded Ukrainian territorial defense "Donbass" Seeds Semenchenko, on Sunday night from the "pot" came another 14 people.
In his facebook Semenchenko wrote that Ukrainian are wounded, "a prisoner of the 137 regiment 32 division of the Russian Federation and 9 armored brigade of the Russian Federation", where they are treated well.
Meanwhile, the Russian Foreign Ministry and the Defense Ministry refutes reports Ukrainian and NATO military presence of Russian troops in Ukraine.
Russian MFA: Russia will retaliate in the event of the introduction of new EU sanctions
Russia reserves the right to take retaliatory measures to protect their legitimate interests in the event of the introduction of new anti-Russian sanctions, according to the Foreign Ministry.
The report vneshnediplomaticheskogo Russian authorities said that the "conclusion" of the European Council of 30 August showed the inability of the EU Member States to overcome the inertia of unreserved support of the Kiev authorities.
Brussels continues to insist that Russia was involved in the situation in the east of Ukraine, based on "absolutely unsubstantiated statements about the presence of Russian troops on the territory of the country," according to the site office.
Russian Foreign Ministry regrets that the European Council, contrary to the interests of its Member States, lends itself to the influence of countries that are interested in strengthening the confrontation with Russia.
Members of the European Council should call for a peaceful settlement of the conflict in the east of Ukraine, as well as provide the conditions for full "dialogue between the warring parties," emphasizes the agency.
Also on the website of the department noted that there is no obektivynh assessments of the humanitarian situation in the Donbass, which developed a full-scale humanitarian disaster, as well as a growing number of civilian casualties.
Recall that during the next seven-day period in the European Union planned to develop concrete proposals on sanctions against Russia.
At the same time, the EU is working closely with American officials.
It is assumed that they are correlated with each other measures introduced over the period of action and degree of rigidity.
New EU sanctions could affect the energy and financial sectors.
Also, the Australian government announced the extension of sanctions against Russia in the field of defense, finance, and oil and gas industry.
A clever way to save on college textbooks
Given that the cost of university textbooks for many students more than $ 1,000 per year, Matt Schroeder, who will soon move to the second year, came up with a clever way to cut costs.
He developed a system of how to take books on loan from seniors, offering them nominal compensation, so they postponed their sale.
"My textbook on mathematical analysis, which usually costs $ 180, I received a $ 10 per semester and cookies" Chick-fil-A "", says Schroeder, 19, who studies at Covenant College in Georgia.
Required literature for the past semester would cost $ 430, he said.
He spent $ 120.
According to the College Board, the average student spends more than $ 1,200 a year for textbooks and supplies, however, students have a number of options to reduce those costs.
Students are increasingly choosing online stores and creative ideas, like Schroeder system.
Rental of books is becoming more popular, allowing students to use the book for a semester, and often cost much less than their purchase.
Company "Nebo Incorporated", which owns more than 250 college bookstores, reports that the amount of rental books has doubled since 2011.
Industry Survey show that about a quarter of books in university bookstores during the past spring semester were rented, says vice-president of "Nebo" Trevor Meyer.
Less than half of all books purchased in university bookstores, according to the professional association of the "National Association of Collegiate stores."
This is an introductory course on the best way to make a deal.
Buy online store
Sometimes, if you go to the Internet, the price of a new book can be one-third of that what you will see in the university bookstore.
The ninth edition of "Mathematical analysis" Ron Larson, Bruce Edwards and Robert Hostetler is worth about $ 290 at list price, but a new instance can be purchased for $ 239.99 online Chegg.com, which specializes in selling books.
Buying a Used
If you do not mind other people's marks or injuries, used books - a good option.
"Mathematical analysis" is on sale for $ 93.49 in the form of a second-hand on Chegg.com.
Matt Kesedey, 25 years old, fourth-year student at the University of Brigham Young, said he paid 42 cents on Amazon.com for a used copy of the textbook "Strategic decisions in the media: Understanding the business side of the advertising business."
The book is on sale for $ 48 new.
Teachers, for example, Ingrid Bracey, director of the "college without walls" at the University of Massachusetts at Amherst, offers students checked with their professors if he could use the previous editions.
Sometimes updates are not essential for employment.
In such cases, the old editions are often available for a very small fraction of the cost of the latest edition.
In addition to the sites Chegg and Amazon, Half.com, owned by "eBay Inc.", - a popular alternative to buying used books.
Rent
About to take the textbooks rent, you should consider if you'll be good enough to handle them, do not forget to return them, and do not want to leave them to themselves after the course is completed.
You can save more than 80% of the cost of a new book.
For example, one student was able to hire a "Mathematical analysis" for a semester for about $ 20.
Find out the rules of the store, where you take the book, including any penalties that you may write down of notes, underlining and damage.
If you take a book for hire, you remember: if you do not return the book, penalties may even exceed the cost of the new instance.
E-books
Electronic books instead of traditional textbooks - another option.
Sometimes these books actually take for rent, buying a license key for a certain period at the distributor, for example, Amazon.com, Chegg and Barnes & Noble Inc.
Rent "Mathematical analysis" at Chegg.com for six months will cost about $ 61.
Bracey said that students of literature can often find the best prices, as many classical works can now be downloaded free of charge, while the literature on the science and engineering can be very expensive.
In spite of everything, look.
Joe Gault, 29 years old, which is about to begin his studies at Pepperdine Law School, recommends that you use the ISBN to find out the price of the book, as it ensures that you are looking for just the text you want.
Before placing on the Internet, said Gault, be sure to check whether the book is in stock.
He was the lesson was not easy.
Delivery of books, which he bought, was postponed for four weeks and, in the end, he paid the full price in the university bookstore.
Putin declared totally ineffective Development Fund Far East
Russian President Vladimir Putin zyavil at a meeting on state support of priority investment projects and territories in the Far East, that the budget investment fund of the Far East, created two years ago, is ineffective, Interfax reported.
"15 billion rubles and left lying on the deposits", - the president said.
During the meeting, the President instructed to accelerate the approval of the list of territories of priority development in the Far East.
He reminded that the draft law needed to create Tore must be submitted to the Duma this fall.
The Federal Assembly, the president said, before July 1, has not approved the list of territories of priority development in the Far East, and their criteria.
Vladimir Putin formulated the main tasks for the development of the Far East.
Among them, increasing transport accessibility of the region, removing infrastructural constraints - both on the domestic market and for export development.
Among other things, you must sozdatpredposylki to attract additional investment to the region, as well as form the territory of priority development, which should become competitive in relation to key business centers Asia-Pacific region, the president said.
Earlier, it was reported that the territory of priority development could replace the SEZ.
Why is the "Guardians of the Galaxy" could not save box office
"The Expendables 3" Sylvester Stallone back at least $ 30 million of its $ 90 million budget in the United States, while "City of sins: a woman, for which there is a kill" returned only $ 12 million out of its $ 70 million budget.
"Home movies" with Cameron Diaz earned only $ 14.6 million in the first weekend, while the children's films, such as "How to Train Your Dragon 2" as disappointing revenue.
Article Telegraph film critic Robbie Collin points out that when it comes to children's films may have a bad thing as the films themselves.
Colleen called 2014 "worst" year in history in regard to children's films, and called "How to Train Your Dragon 2" barely "functioning" continuation of fantasy.
However, when it comes to films aimed at the audience a few older, it seems that the problem is not necessarily the quality of the films.
In July of Entertainment Weekly compared the average rating CinemaScore and Metacritic each film, released in the summer rental in the amount of not less than 2,000 copies between the Memorial Day holiday in May and 20 July, for 2013 and for the year.
The results, which take into account the opinion of both moviegoers and critics, suggests that this year's crop of films similar in caliber to last year's hits.
Some commentators have suggested that it may be in the changing viewing habits and the growing popularity of online streaming services such as Netflix.
Directed by Jon Favreau, who is currently working on a soon-facing rental Disney film "The Jungle Book," said the website Hollywood Reporter: "I think times have changed."
We must recognize that and not try to chase what it was before.
In contrast to the current drop box office in Hollywood, the income from the Netflix streaming service reached $ 1.2 billion, almost double the last year's figure of $ 837 million.
Last summer, director Steven Spielberg criticized the studio because they rely too much on the comic book franchise, and predicted the "collapse" of Hollywood.
In light of the current recession, some commentators argue that in his dire predictions was some truth.
Due to the fact that in the summer of 2015 is expected to yield several potential box office hits, including "The Avengers: Age of Ultron," "Minions" and "Jurassic Park" and other representatives of the film industry are more optimistic.
Producer of "X-Men" Simon Kinberg recently called drop box office simply "cyclical", said Hollywood Reporter: "Next summer will be the highest grossing in the history of the summer, and no one would worry about it."
Grocery sanctions are not afraid of the owners of establishments with the Caucasian and Central Asian food, but for restaurants with European and Japanese cuisine, Russian distributors - is a nightmare.
And in general, catering prefers to replace the banned products are not imported from Russia, and Latin America, Israel and China.
"It is better to have salted cucumber, mozzarella than bad" - lamenting the chef of the Italian restaurant Barlotti Mariano Valerio about the quality of cheeses that offer him in return the Italian suppliers.
Mozzarella and burrata cheese finished first in the restaurant, they have a small shelf life.
Stocks parmesan should be enough for a couple of months.
What to do?
Switch to Russian?
In 2005, I was on Dorogomilovsky market.
Mariano Valerio makes these eyes, it is clear: the shocking memories do not let it ever since.
The meat there was on the trolley is only 30 centimeters from the floor!
There's also a cat!
Rats!
Then I said to our restaurant, we will never have to buy the Russian market.
I do not know, maybe there now everything has changed.
But the other day I brought the fish in the sample from the Far East.
So it was rotten!
I said that I did not want to talk with the man who brought us this.
Valerio surprised that many of the usual Italian stuff for the Russian producer in wonder.
Several years ago I was forced to buy Russian beef.
In Italy meat suspended in the refrigerating chamber for 10 days at a temperature of 1-2 degrees.
It should otvisetsya to become soft, the muscles relaxed.
I did it all with a local beef.
Then he asked me: where did you get such a tender meat?
I said, so this is yours, Russia!
Why do you have no one does not?
A five-minute walk from Barlotti French restaurant "Brasserie Bridge" in the kitchen hangs a stop-list, which identifies the missing products: French oysters, sea urchins.
The chef of the restaurant "Brasserie Bridge" and bar "Arrow" Regis Trigel not as pessimistic as Valerio oysters from France has already replaced the oysters from Tunisia, and instead of French cheese restaurant will buy Swiss.
However, Regis and becomes more emotional when it comes to Russian suppliers, "Cauliflower - 200 rubles!
I ask: "Why, on what basis it is worth so much?"
I answer: "Well, we, too, must make the same."
But the sprouts should not cost more than 80 rubles!
Far oysters we buy by weight, but they live 15-20 years, can you imagine how much weight their shell?
For the price it turns out that it superdelikates.
It seems that Russian distributors - a major source of horror stories for foreign chefs.
Standard story: "The first three months everything was fine, then the quality has fallen sharply."
The main complaint: Russian suppliers can not sustain stable caliber and quality.
Many restaurants European cuisine do not know what will happen to them when the stocks run out of cheese
Photo: Alexander Miridonov, Kommersant
Sanctions menu
August 6, President Vladimir Putin signed a decree on the application of specific measures to ensure the economic security of Russia, who call mainly grocery sanctions.
The country has banned import of beef, pork, meat and offal of poultry, meat specialties, fish, shellfish, milk, yogurt, cottage cheese, cheese, vegetables, fruits, nuts, sausages and sugar syrups.
At restaurants started mess with suppliers: food prices rose, an urgent need to seek counterparts from other countries.
Most of all it will affect the expensive restaurants with monokuhney France, Italy, Spain, in which products are delivered directly from the "mother" countries.
Catering had to be reconstructed before.
For example, when in early 2014 the Rosselkhoznadzor banned imports of Australian beef, and the year before - the American and Canadian meat.
Instead, suppliers have established supply of beef from Argentina, Uruguay and New Zealand.
But sanctions summer 2014 turned out to be much more serious.
However, on August 20, Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev has approved amendments to the presidential decree, which derive from the prohibition of juvenile Atlantic salmon and trout, lactose-free milk, seed potatoes, sweet corn, peas, and onions for planting.
Italian Valerio hopes that sanctions can still relent.
In the meantime, part of the restaurant there in the face of uncertainty.
According to the company "East-West", one of the largest suppliers of HoReCa, the share of imported products in the premium segment was up 70%.
"Expensive restaurants have to change the menu for that produce local farmers and other countries, - said Sergei Mironov, restaurateur, owner of the agency" Restkonsalt. "
If the chef is strong, for it is not a problem.
Only we have very few cooks, and to develop a new menu may take two to three months.
Trigel the restaurant "Brasserie Bridge" ready for it: to refuse would have 10-15% of the food, even half the menu - recycle.
In restaurants with mixed kitchen already beginning to replace meals, such as steak Beef - Beef Stroganoff on, said Sergei Mironov.
"Cheese from Europe can be replaced by Russian, Belarusian cheeses, cheeses from Serbia, Argentina, Tunisia, Chile - lists the representative of" East-West "Oksana Glibchuk.
Cream and dairy products from Europe have analogues in Russia and Belarus.
Chicken from the US can be replaced by chicken from Russia and Belarus, salmon and salmon from Norway - salmon, salmon, trout from Belarus and Chile.
Lack of fruits and vegetables European production may be offset by domestic producers, the proposals from Serbia, Moldova and China.
According to Mironov, the budget chain restaurants to restructure will be easier than the premium segment: hardly went there gourmets, the ability to distinguish an Italian mozzarella from Russia.
Although it is difficult to have institutions Ginza Project, he said.
At Ginza Project several dozen restaurants under different brands and with their menu.
His replacement will take a lot of time "- said Mironov.
In Ginza declined to comment, citing a lack of owners in the country.
The owners of the cafe Caucasian and Central Asian cuisine emphasize that the products from the former Soviet republics of fragrant European
But there are many restaurants that sanctions almost touch.
These are places with a kitchen CIS: the Georgian, Uzbek, Armenian and Azerbaijani.
"The Georgian cuisine is not expensive products - says Khatuna flask owner of Georgian Saperavi restaurant and cafe" Wai ME! ".
All cheeses for us to do in Russia, the basis of many dishes - chicken, exotic herbs we do not use. "
In institutions Colby is not removed from the menu any meals.
Timur Lansky, owner of restaurants "Chaykhona N1" to the Uzbek cuisine, sanctions do not confuse too: he would have to be changed only in the New Zealand lamb.
If Russia will adjust imports from Uzbekistan, Azerbaijan and Kazakhstan, we even won the price for us, it will be cheaper than imports from Europe - he says.
CIS can be cheaper to get a clipping, lamb, tomatoes, cucumbers, fruit.
This is what brought from Central Asia, are much better than "plastic" from Italy, Spain and Turkey.
About Uzbek tomatoes all know that they are tasty, sweet.
About the Spanish no one speaks.
After the imposition of sanctions in Uzbekistan Ministry of Agriculture representative Olimbi Artikov said it plans to increase exports of fruits and vegetables to Russia twice in 2016.
The intention to replace European imports in Russia almost immediately after the imposition of sanctions said Belarus and Kazakhstan.
Restaurants fast food that responded to the request of "Money" is also quite easy to respond to sanctions.
Press office of McDonald's said that the localization of over 85% and works with a network of 160 Russian suppliers.
According to Tatyana Bogdanova, head of department on work with suppliers Subway Russia, about 80% of the food chain purchases from Russia, although you may experience temporary difficulties in the supply of vegetables and higher prices for meat products that are produced from imported raw materials.
The "Towers" "sanctions foods" generally takes no more than 4%.
Not affected by sanctions and lapshichnuyu "Vokker."
KFC, Burger King, and "Little Potato" on request "Money" did not respond, but other market participants argue that the degree of localization of the Burger King is much smaller than that of McDonald's.
In the absence of Norwegian fish restaurateurs ready to buy Chilean rather than the Russian Far East
At its pink salmon
In the meantime, restaurateurs complain that because of the increase in demand prices are rising even on local products.
"For products for" Rake "prices rose by an average of 10-15% for the Italian restaurant" Cherry Mio "- twice", - says Roman restaurateur Rozhnikovsky.
Even at the cost of food Georgian restaurants will grow by 5-10%, recognizes the flask.
"East-West" does not deny it: "For example, the Belarusian dairy products since early August has risen by 10-15%."
"Brazilian suppliers have raised the price of pork is almost twice - complains Sergey Cancer, Deputy General Director of" Stardogs. "
Chicken legs grew by 35%.
We are waiting for prices from China, maybe they cool the hot heads of the Brazilian.
In the near future, "Stardogse" is planned price increases of 8%.
Now, and so very desirable to raise prices, - says cancer.
According to statistics, revenue growth for the second quarter of catering in 2014 - only 1.8%.
It is the smallest figure since 2010.
Retail prices will continue to grow, he admits, but it is unclear how long: while most restaurateurs stocked products in the next two months in the hope to ride out the fluctuations in purchase prices.
But what will happen in two months, nobody knows.
On the square in front of the City of Moscow is a dozen tents, decorated with greenery and wood.
In the center of the stage, the musicians play a waltz.
This festival of regional products with a cheerful name "There is a time there."
"We were going to do for a long time to make a holiday of local food, and just then the sanctions, we hurry to organize a festival," - says one of the organizers.
Behind the scenes with musicians cook Greek Anastas prepares a salad of pasta and homemade candy, the other day was a master class in cooking soup with caramelized apples.
All of Russian products, say the organizers.
The tents - an exhibition of achievements of the Russian economy.
Honey from Bashkiria, venison from Salekhard, vegetables from Moscow, "the Lenin State Farm," Russified Italian cheese from Jay Close.
"Salmon for restaurants can be easily replaced by another fish salmon from the Far East, - says the owner of the fish shop" His people "Phillip Galkin.
We catch sockeye, chum, coho, pink salmon, king salmon - "king salmon".
Yes, they are not as fatty as Norwegian salmon, because it is wild fish.
Norwegian salmon - it's aquaculture.
His hands take - he did not even move.
A Far Eastern salmon you do not hold hands.
Only places with no special claims to replace with Italian mozzarella domestic
In the window of his tent lie shrimp with tag "Magadan", cod, cisco, whitefish, mussels with Crimea, scallops from the Far East.
Galkin sure that it's time to move on fish from the Far East.
According to statistics, fishing in Russia in 2013 - more than 4 million tonnes, much of the fish goes to Japan, Korea and even the United States.
Imports of fish in 2013 - about 800 thousand. Tonnes.
Shop "His people" since 2012, sells the fish through the online store, to the imposition of sanctions served a half dozen restaurants, such as "Simple Things".
Now to Galkin has received applications from 15 restaurants.
The same land it is possible to do from our fish - hot it is.
We confuse, to try different recipes.
Who we sell land through an online store in a million rubles a month.
Our fish is cheaper several times, and delivery - is a maximum of 15 rubles per kilogram.
In support of the tent Galkina I prepared a portion of the "Philadelphia" with Ketoi.
In contrast to the rolls with salmon, these have to chew for longer, but the knowledge that the fish our, domestic, gives strength.
The site shop "His people" even have rolls of halibut and rockfish.
At the sushi bar, however, to replace the Norwegian salmon prefer Chilean.
Galkin explained by the fact that the cooks too lazy to come up with new recipes from the Far East fish.
"Russian fish suppliers, we have not offered", - the owner gives his explanation Killfish Bar Dmitry Evseev.
Approximately the same situation with other products: Russian producers could take the vacant niche, but that does not happen.
According to the founder and co-owner of the project LavkaLavka Boris Akimov, now we can talk more about the substitution of imports from Europe and America imports from China, Israel and Latin America.
There are large multinational corporations that have a strong logistics and large volumes.
They are able to quickly replace the banned imports in contrast to our farmers.
That is, the ban will benefit mainly large manufacturers of other countries, "- said Akimov.
However, in the last months, the restaurant industry has more alarm than food sanctions.
As a result of mass unscheduled inspections Rospotrebnadzor has suspended operations of three companies McDonald's in Moscow and two regional companies in Stavropol and Yekaterinburg.
"We are studying the essence of the claims raised to determine the actions required to accelerate the opening of restaurants for visitors," - said "money" in the press service of McDonald's.
In fact, no one knows what will happen next.
If all limited grocery sanctions is one option that can survive - said on condition of anonymity, employee of the company, engaged in the restaurant consulting.
If we begin to close the McDonald's across the country, the scenario will be different.
"Evroprotokol" rather than help the traffic police
Payments on the hull can be produced without the help of traffic police - because the Central Bank is going to encourage the introduction in Russia "evroprotokol."
The Bank of Russia has drafted guidelines, according to which from September 1 this year to receive payments on the hull insured motorist will be able to do without the help of traffic police.
This, however, is only the cases where the accident was framed by "evroprotokol" without the traffic police.
That is, if the accident involved only two cars, there is no physically affected persons, the damage does not exceed the limit and both drivers have reached agreement on the issue of who is the perpetrator of the accident.
On August 2 the limit payments "evroprotokol" is 50 thousand. Rub., And from 1 October in Moscow, St. Petersburg and in Moscow and Leningrad regions it will be increased to 400 thousand. Rub.
The bottom line is that it is often even with minor injuries in a situation where accidents can be issued for "evroprotokol" drivers involved in an accident caused traffic police.
After all, if the policy Casco to get through it without help traffic police compensation was impossible.
The parameters prescribed in the draft guidance is just designed to remove this obstacle to the introduction of "evroprotokol" in Russia.
According to them, the maximum payout on the hull due to the accident, decorated without traffic police, should not be lower than the limit of "evroprotokol."
But at the same time it can not be above the limit specified in the contract hull insurance.
The idea, of course, useful and theoretically able to unload as the traffic police and road.
But most likely, it shall not come to the delight of any motorists or insurers.
Recent already talking about a serious threat to the growth of fraud, which can result in the introduction of new rules for payments on the hull.
As for the drivers, it is difficult to imagine what kind of work have to be done to overcome the age-old Russian conservatism.
The driver, in most cases the inspector will wait for hours to draw small accident, because it is more reliable.
And it is not clear that it will be easier - to win or scams convince drivers of reliability "evroprotokol."
Savings certificate do just and irrevocable
The Finance Ministry wants to ban the bearer savings certificates, but will allow banks to make their analogue irrevocable contribution.
The Ministry of Finance is preparing a bill that would prohibit bearer savings certificates.
Recently, this tool is gaining popularity, since the stakes are higher than on bank deposits.
The fact that the bearer savings certificates are not subject to the deposit insurance system, and the bank they are cheaper because they do not have to make contributions to fund the Deposit Insurance Agency (DIA).
The piquancy of the situation is that the move is scheduled to take because of the small and medium-sized banks that distribute such certificates, and suffer from it Sberbank and Bank of Moscow, which is estimated to DIA, control 98% of the profile market.
The share of Bank of Moscow, the agency estimated, is about 3.5%.
The problem, explained in the DIA, is that a small bank customers who have bought the certificate, in case of revocation of his license are trying to get money in the ACB.
Some investors, lacking sufficient financial literacy and purchasing savings certificates to bearer may assume that their investments are insured.
Justified absence of insurance payments on these certificates in the case of revocation of the license of a bank may lead to misunderstandings and social tensions.
In the practice of the agency have been cases where the holders of bearer certificates were trying to collect insurance compensation through the courts, "- said the DIA.
The problem, of course, far-fetched.
After all, the buyer pays the certificate is still no one will, because they legally have no right to compensation from the state.
If it was that the tool is not immune to the DIA, together with him, and would have banned metal accounts, which means citizens are recorded in grams of one of the four metals - gold, silver, platinum and palladium.
After all, these accounts also do not fall into the deposit insurance system, but their existence has no meal.
The matter is likely that the bearer certificates are very convenient security, which actually can act as quasi-money.
However, their movement is virtually impossible to control: any bank customer can buy a certificate that convey any citizen, before cashing out a certificate may change the set of hosts.
Not by chance the bill stipulates that the savings certificate should be necessarily registered security, which must be kept in the depository.
And to sweeten the pill of banks allowed to issue such certificates without the right to early redemption.
That is, the analog input of an irrevocable contribution, which for a long time dream of bankers.
NATO summit: The first protests in Nyuporte and Cardiff
Over the weekend, the protests have been those who have opposed the NATO summit in Newport.
On Saturday, hundreds gathered in the center of Newport on the march against NATO.
And on Sunday in Cardiff, about 150 people gathered at City Hall in Cardiff on what was described as antisammit.
Steven Feyrklau watched us the developments over the weekend and spoke to the protesters, who came from everywhere: from Bridgend to Belgium.
Germany will send to Iraq 30 anti-tank systems
Germany will supply weapons to Iraq to combat militants from the terrorist group "Islamic State", said August 31 ITAR-TASS reported with reference to the decision taken following the meeting of the representatives of the German government led by Chancellor Angela Merkel.
It is reported that Germany will send to Iraq 30 portable anti-tank missile complexes, "Milan", and 500 charges for them, as well as the 8 th. And G3 assault rifles G36.
Deliveries will be made before the end of September.
In addition, it was decided to allocate to Iraq for another 50 million euros for humanitarian assistance.
September 1, Ms. Merkel in the Bundestag with a government statement on the subject.
So far, Germany has not supplied their weapons in the "hot spots".
Opinions of residents of Germany about sending weapons to the Iraqis divided.
Some believe that the only way to stop the fighters from "Islamic state", others fear that these weapons could eventually fall into the hands of terrorists.
Ukrainian militiamen shot down a patrol boat in the Sea of ​​Azov
Donetsk Ukrainian militiamen shot down a patrol boat in the Sea of ​​Azov, reported Aug. 31 ITAR-TASS.
According to reports, it happened in the Taganrog Bay near settlements Shirokino and nameless (10-20 km to the east of Mariupol).
A number of Ukrainian media reported the shelling of two coast guard boats.
It clarifies that the incident occurred today at about 16:20 MSK.
The teen was taken by helicopter to the Blue Mountains
Two teen-bushuokera were taken by helicopter to a safe place after spent the night stuck in the Blue Mountains of New South Wales.
16-year-old girl and 18-year-old young man went to the march shortly after noon on Sunday in Govetts Leap in Blackheath.
Worried relatives called the police about 8 pm when they did not return home.
I was sent a search party, which included local police and rescue squad and a couple found about 11 pm near the waterfall Braydal Vail.
Girl injured his knee, and the young man fell and hurt his head.
The officers stayed with a couple of the night, and picked up on the winch on Monday morning.
They were taken away by ambulance in a stable condition in hospital Blue Mountains.
There were two union
Summit talks in Minsk is not solved the problem for which it was convened, but gave birth to a new format: the first face of the European Union met with the leaders of the future Eurasian
Let and alarming about (the situation around Ukraine does not tolerate delay), the leaders of the EU and the Customs Union for the first time discussed a number of "hot issues".
Capable of whether such a structure to work effectively, it is not clear; but it is clear who took the cream from the summit.
Questions on this subject have disappeared the evening of 26 August, when the Belarusians, and behind them and other Eurasians with Europeans saw on the news of the new president Lukashenko.
The Belarusian leader revealed an example of refined politeness, it was the behavior of a man who had just ripped the jackpot - and plans a dignified old age in high society.
As Independence helped Lukashenko
Arrival in Minsk of three major European commissioners (of EU ministers), who met with Lukashenka and allowed him to perform at the final briefing on their behalf - not just a legitimation of the president with 20 years of experience.
This - the application for recognition of Minsk full subject of European policy and a major mediator of the Ukrainian crisis.
Senior analyst at the Belarusian Institute for Strategic Studies Denis Melyantsou sure: from now on Brussels will not be able to talk with Minsk have the same tone as before.
"The fact that Catherine Ashton met tete-a-tete with Lukashenko gives reason to believe that relations with the EU will be thawed and continue," - he said "fire".
This is a hidden part of the iceberg: the preparation of a breakthrough Belarusian authorities have started long before November Maidan in Kiev - in summer 2013th.
"Were the results achieved and the EU - is successful negotiations on visa facilitation and readmission agreements, dialogues about modernization - lists the source" Spark "- and the United States have been negotiated on international security.
States even made a little bit of sanctions.
With regard to the Ukrainian events, then they and their reaction to the Belarusian leadership only spurred the process.
Minsk, on the one hand, managed to keep the relationship with Ukraine - warm enough to not lose much in mutual trade, and the president of Poroshenko could come to Belarus for talks.
On the other - the Belarusian leader that the de jure did not recognize the annexation of Crimea to Russia and called to punish the pro-Russian militia in the Donbass with rigor, did not quarrel with Moscow.
Minsk did not come out of any of the Customs Union, or from the Collective Security Treaty Organization, and is located in Baranovichi Russian airbase.
Brussels and Washington have noticed balanced position of Minsk on the Ukrainian question - and praised her, Belarusian experts believe.
How successful will the movement for political diversification Lukashenko, will be seen by how often in the near future Minsk happen to take a meeting in the format of EU + TC.
The press service of the EU High Representative for Foreign Policy and Diplomacy Catherine Ashton failed to promptly answer questions about what Brussels expects from the relationship in a new format.
A spokesman for Ashton Maya Kosyanchich just said "flame" that against the background of the issues of war and peace, this topic is not a priority.
At the same time it was reported that following the meeting place on the Ukrainian question with the participation of top officials in the new format could be and Kazakhstan.
Drop of tar for Minsk was the statement of President Nursultan Nazarbayev, in which he admitted that this it is, personally asked the representatives of the European Union.
However, at the final briefing Alexander Lukashenko made it clear that all parties opposed to Minsk was a central place for meetings in the format of Russia - the OSCE - Ukraine, and at the level of Heads of State and high-ranking representatives of the European Commission.
This means that the "last dictator in Europe" takes on the status of quite rukopozhatnogo European leader that helps solve a global problem.
European farmer's best friend
The very structure of the EU delegation, which included the European Commissioner for trade, and energy, pushed to the conclusion that the main rationale of the summit - not a tragic situation in Donbas, and the economy.
In fact, impose a meeting schedule for future talks on gas supplies and to overcome the fears of the vehicle on an association agreement between Ukraine and the EU looks achievement of more ambitious than the peace declaration without specific dates and numbers.
Trade Commissioner Karel de Gucht, however, designated representative of the EC, "arrived in Minsk to seek a solution to the political crisis, which has economic consequences, and not vice versa."
It seems, however, that economic crisis in Ukraine "works" on Belarus.
Its effects - and especially the mutual approval of the West and Russia - give Minsk that while he feels the pressure of sanctions, a welcome room for maneuver.
According to the head of the Scientific Research Mises Center, the former Belarusian presidential candidate Yaroslav Romanchuk, European investors are actively interested in opportunities of Belarus to supply agricultural products to Russia, bypassing sanctions.
That process requires supply chain, for which Vladimir Putin at the summit chided Minsk.
"The initiators of these schemes - said Romanchuk" Spark "- not acting Belarusian businessmen and Russian companies.
They practiced long supply chain of goods, including those from Poland, Germany, Lithuania, and today these schemes destroyed.
Russian business is in dire need to somehow restore them, even through the mediation of the Belarusian structures.
The second plot, - the expert continues, - due to the fact that many Ukrainian companies are not averse to set up production in Belarus of the Ukrainian raw materials and with a focus on the Russian market.
The Ukrainian producers of the order of $ 4 billion in exports to Russia, and Belarus production and trade patterns may now prove to be very popular. "
According to Romanchuk, the role of the host sites for the negotiations of the EU and the vehicle is ideal for Lukashenko and from the point of view of development of economic ties with Europe.
It recalls that the loss of the agricultural sector from the EU sanctions Moscow is estimated at 5.10 billion euros, while the European Commission is currently offered only to farmers 125 million euros of compensation.
Belarusian President may propose to Brussels to work together to minimize the impact on the evrofermerov.
This may raise the authority of Lukashenko in the EU to an unprecedented height.
Hospitality no initiative
Catherine Ashton thanked the Belarusian authorities for the initiative to hold the summit.
But the paradox is that the official Minsk from her active role in the birth of the format of the TC + denies EU and the Belarusian leader at a meeting with his Ukrainian counterpart stressed that the initiator of the new format and does become Kiev.
"It was your suggestion to come, without any discussion of the strike, no rhyme or reason to take a decision, after the signing of the Association Agreement with the EU, to understand the situation, which at that time was formed in Ukraine", - he said in front of cameras to Petro Poroshenko.
However, observers have interpreted this as an attempt to appease Moscow, it was rumored, it was originally against the mediation of Minsk, which greatly increases its political weight.
The Belarusian diplomatic office diligently emphasize that Belarus in the organization of interaction between the EU and the Customs Union on their land does not pursue selfish goals, and the ultimate goal of such a format - the future establishment of a single economic space from Lisbon to Vladivostok.
"It is absolutely in the spirit of those concepts that in other areas, particularly in the area of ​​security, advances and promotes the leadership of our strategic ally - the Russian Federation", - said the "fire" in the Foreign Ministry of Belarus, the department, where recently chose his words carefully.
Moscow area may appear with a paid entry
The Moscow City Government is considering the introduction of zones with congestion charging as a method to combat congestion on the main roads is similar to other major cities in the world, reports M24.ru with reference to the deputy mayor of Moscow on Transport Maxim Liksutova.
One option that has proved successful is paid entrance.
This expert opinion, we will investigate, look at all the pluses and minuses.
To say that on this occasion made any decisions, it is too early, "- said Liksutov.
Deputy mayor stressed that the authorities of the capital is very important experience of Asian cities, which are structurally similar to the workload and Moscow.
One of the decisions taken by these countries is already under construction of the central ring road, Liksutov added.
Recently started construction of the Central Ring Road - is a kind of example that not necessarily all traffic to pass through Moscow.
If there was sufficient infrastructure detour, it did not need to have the transit traffic in Moscow ", - said the deputy mayor.
Also Maxim Liksutov said that the introduction of paid parking to unload the streets of the capital.
And, he said, the city authorities do not plan to stop there.
Recall August 26, Moscow Mayor Sergei Sobyanin, participated in the ceremony of laying the construction of the first starting complex of the Moscow Central Ring Road (CRR).
Boredom sinful
The film is Frank Miller and Robert Rodriguez's "Sin City 2: A woman worth killing for which" makes not the revolution that it can be expected.
The first "Sin City" (2005), taken at the minimum, but the symbolic participation of Quentin Tarantino, a revolution in the relationship between cinema, comic books and literary noir.
The sequel is also in its own revolutionary: in the sense that it destroys fundamental to modern thinking chain "thesis - antithesis - synthesis" (if we understand the universe of film noir thesis, antithesis and under - Space comics).
From now on, it should read: "thesis - antithesis - chaos."
"Sin City 2" is chaotic and the dramatic and at the philosophical level: both times it is chaotic in the bad sense of the word.
Yes, some of the characters familiar from the first "city", although, here, the Thunder Marv (Mickey Rourke), remember, ended his life in the electric chair, and then, nothing, only manages to snatch - as a sort of people's guard - out of the air knives and Other axes with a noose.
But the old man just pushes his elbows newcomers like to break into the city from some other film about the meaning of the story and the audience is asked not to worry.
So, its history, shamelessly ragged authors on the most interesting place in superudachlivogo player Johnny (Joseph Gordon-Levitt).
Its - at lustfully, frigid Lord Eve (Eva Green) and something she avenger Dwight (Josh Brolin).
But this confusion in which Dwight, let's say, in the face not unlike Johnny - the more that individuals, as well as other parts of the body, the characters communicate with relentless regularity - it does not matter, and not even so bad.
Well it's not the people, we understand that this film noir archetypes: the fatal knot, too self-confident player, please in the "honey trap" sex detective vampire corrupt senator.
Well, when the archetype of waltzes with the archetype of the archetype and chases, it's not a movie, and esteem that an abstract painting.
A set of abstract painting questions about the logic of the plot is ridiculous.
In addition, even in this bustling world, there is something permanent.
Martial whores from the first "City" is still holding a perimeter defense from besieging their native slums forces of darkness.
And the ghost detective Hartigan no-no, and glance at the light, and Bruce Willis is always nice to see.
The main problem of "Sin City 2" is another.
Frank Miller was good that talent as a draftsman and joined the comic noir, but as a filmmaker - turned an idea of ​​how to transfer the comics to the screen.
Comics and noir - two opposing aggressive "reality."
The phenomenon of the comic book in its present form was born in the late 1920s, the same time as Dashiell Hammett's novels, "Bloody Harvest" (1929), "The Maltese Falcon" (1930) and "The Glass Key" (1931) created a canon of film noir, then Named hard -boiled school - "cool school".
Well, or pulp fiction.
Comics presented dozens of Hollywood heroes from sailor Popeye - spinach eater, giving him heroic strength, Superman, Batman and Dick Tracy to syskarya Hulk, Thor, Spider-Man and other "Avengers".
But in any movie based on the comic was something flawed: cartoon characters stubbornly did not want to grow onscreen flesh remained pritvoryashkami in the surrounding willy-nilly "real" world.
Simply put, they were completely devoid of "existence".
Noir, on the contrary, the most existential genre of world literature.
After the world wars, the traditional novel - with the experiences, characters, family scandals and historical background - lost all credibility.
What Forsythe, which Thibault and Les Rougon-Macquart, which even Bolkonsky and Rostov at all conceivable after Verdun, Auschwitz and Hiroshima?
This novel peacefully mutated into a format soap opera and crime - that is, by definition, marginal - a novel rose to the level of philosophical prose.
Hammett learned the hard way that such work as a medical orderly at the front.
He was a communist.
How, by the way, were, at least, close to the Communist Party and the pillars of the genre such as writers Horace McCoy and Jim Thompson, director Jules Dassin, Joseph Losey, Edward Dmytryk.
Therefore noir archetype of which they were asked in the first place, rude and cynical, and secondly - purely social.
It is almost the American version of socialist realism.
The first "Sin City" was wonderful exactly what is unnatural, but organically connected with the comic noir.
The first comic book come to life on the screen, not at all embarrassed by their graphic nature, and not pretending, "real" movie.
The darkness of the corrupt world where Cardinal ordered the murder, as the senator covered monstrous sadistic son was quite worthy of the pen Hammett.
A picturesque parts like severed heads that decorate its nest sadistic, brilliant pen of James Ellroy, author of "The Black Dahlia" and the best - that is declaratively sickening - neonuara representative.
"Sin City 2" - it's not even a retreat and surrender of a radical stylistic Miller - Rodriguez before the tradition of comics.
Perhaps in many ways it was due to technology 3D.
When you look at the second "Sin City", you feel like a prisoner in a glass bowl, inside which the snow falls asleep toy cloaca.
However, more often it does not snow, and bloody lumps, but by and large what is the difference?
Well, about the social and say nothing.
After all, it is only possible when the somewhere, somewhere in our times, even on the side of the dirty swamp, but there is a normal world, where it is possible to return who had gone on a curve track a Woman, say, or tell grieving parents, her destroyer punished .
When in the city of sin, no place for anything except sin, and sin is already not no sin, but the norm.
Boring as any rule.
Chaos "Sin City 2" is simply boring.
In fairness, the domestic box office gave this unleavened sin small but peppercorn.
Captions warn that the film contains scenes of smoking harmful.
With respect to the spectacle, in the episode where the man vegetarian forceps break your fingers, it gives a hell of humor.
Hammett would have liked.
French Socialists should "shut up and give the order in France," said Francois Hollande's key ally
Mr. Vall urged the deeply divided the leftist forces "show warm attitude" towards being attacked socialist President whose transposition not find the approval of the vast majority of the French.
The President deserves the respect of everyone, he deserves our loyalty, he deserves our support.
"It is our duty - to stay with him," he said, prompting applause.
As a gesture of reconciliation, the Prime Minister assured that his government will not call into question the controversial 35-hour working week in France, despite the offer inciting conflict, it should loosen the rules made by Emmanuel Macron, the new Minister of Economy, earlier this week .
On Saturday, Mr. Hollande implored his comrades in the Socialist Party remain "united" with the government.
However, Christian Taubira, yusittsii Minister, put a spoke in the wheel, coming to a meeting of the dissenting MPs of the Socialist Party and the Socialist Party criticized because it allowed the French to "lose faith in the future."
Marine Le Pe, the leader of the far-right National Front, expressed contempt for the constant internal conflicts among the Socialists, saying that it does not represent that the new government will last longer Valle months.
Francois Hollande - the naked king, but naked and Prince Manuel Vall, who was forced to assemble a new government when the former did not last the summer.
"And the new is also not last fall or winter," said Ms. Le Pen told reporters.
She repeated his party's call for the dissolution of Parliament, saying that she was confident that the party can easily win the early elections and is ready to operate.
The ruling party of France survived defeat in the March municipal elections, and the far-right National Front came first in the elections of the EU in May.
Poll Sunday Journal du Dimanche found that 76 percent of French people believe that the Socialist Party runs the risk of break up into several rival factions until the end of the presidential term of Mr. Hollande in 2017.
Pascal Perrineau, a political scientist at the University of Sciences Po Po, has warned that the French will quickly lose patience if the new Socialist government will not be able to improve the economy and record unemployment.
"He has a little time, but public opinion needs to quickly feel that something is changing," he warned.
Otherwise, the situation may become even worse.
"City Without Drugs" was left without action
Sverdlovsk Arbitration Court upheld the claim of administrative review of the Regional Directorate of the Ministry of State Property Management of the fund "City Without Drugs".
Office intends to collect from the company for more than 7 million rubles. as payment for the lease of a building in the center of Yekaterinburg.
However, the complainant twice failed to appear in court.
Today the Arbitration Court of the Sverdlovsk Region upheld the suit executive directorate of the Ministry for State Property Management of the region (MUGISO) to the fund "City Without Drugs" (one of the founders - the mayor of Yekaterinburg Yevgeny Roizman).
Representatives of the regional authorities intend to recover from the organization 7.3 million rubles. as payment for rent of the building.
Today it became known that the plaintiff had twice failed to appear in court, which is why it was decided not to review.
The reason for the lack of representatives of the Directorate MUGISO could not explain, the head of the legal department Maxim Titov did not respond to phone calls.
With representatives of the fund also could not be contacted.
Recall, we are talking about the mansion, which the Fund is in the center of the street Belinsky, 19 free of charge since 2011.
The decision was made ex-governor Alexander Misharin.
In November 2012 Executive management of the Ministry for State Property Management of the Sverdlovsk region filed a lawsuit in Sverdlovsk Arbitration Court to evict the Fund out of the building.
According to the lawsuit, the agency required by the court to not concluded a contract of uncompensated use location mansion monument.
According to the Directorate MUGISO in the agreement were not recorded essential conditions for renting an object of cultural heritage.
Sverdlovsk Arbitration Court dismissed the lawsuit, was then appealed to the 17th Arbitration Court of Perm, which was granted.
Then, in the same court Foundation appealed against that decision, which was left without satisfaction, after which the decision was appealed to the fund in the Supreme Arbitration Court, but the court took the side of management.
In 2013 he was awarded a new lease on which the fund again started to pay rent, it told the mayor Yevgeny Roizman.
The rent was assigned 300 thousand. Rub. per month.
Previous regional administration gave us the building for free use, recognizing our achievements in the fight against drugs, in deference to the fund.
The current administration has decided differently, "- he said.
Tatiana Drogaeva, Ekaterinburg
Why the mayor of Yekaterinburg asked to leave voluntarily
July 24 in Yekaterinburg City Duma deputy Alexander Kosintsev United Russia suggested to the mayor of the city - the City Duma Speaker Yevgeny Roizman resign.
The reason was a criminal case against the arrested on suspicion of murdering a pensioner of the City Duma deputy Oleg Kinev, considered ally of the mayor.
As Evgeny Roizman found a criminal case
July 1 it became known that a criminal investigation into the "slander" (Art. 128.1 of the Criminal Code) blog Yekaterinburg Mayor Yevgeny Roizman.
This was reported in the State Ministry of Interior of the Sverdlovsk region, where to go with the appropriate application of legal director general of the center, "Security," "Anna Filatova.
According to her, Mr. Roizman accused her in his blog entry that she was involved in the crimes allegedly committed by her ex husband.
Mayor of Yekaterinburg is convinced that "this is another attempt to avenge the truth."
iPhone will turn into a wallet
On the eve of September 9, when Apple is to present its new developments in the media there are more leaks about what you can expect from your presentation.
Citing sources to US media reported that the sixth-generation iPhone will be equipped with mobile wallet function as a result of a joint project of Apple and payment systems Visa, MasterCard and American Express.
According to Bloomberg and specialized Internet resources Re / code, the presentation of new products September 9 Apple among others may announce a joint project with Visa, MasterCard and American Express, with the result that the new smartphone iPhone 6 will be available functions of a mobile wallet.
The companies disclaim any comment on the matter.
This feature allows you to make a payment to the store checkout using a smartphone.
Identification of the payment will be carried out by the user on his fingerprints by using the Touch ID.
It is reported that the iPhone will be the first integrated technology NFC (near field communication), which allows you to make contactless payments using a smartphone and a corresponding reader at the checkout.
The technology NFC will be available thanks to a special microprocessor from the Dutch technology company NXP (formerly Philips Semiconductors).
The first NFC function was presented in 2004 in the framework of cooperation between the companies Sony, Nokia, Philips Semiconductors, and more than a hundred other companies included in the so-called NFC Forum - an association to promote the technology.
The first NFC phone was released by Nokia in 2006.
The first Android smartphone with the function of NFC - Samsung Nexus S - was introduced in 2010.
In May 2011, Google introduced a system Google Wallet, which allows users to bind the bank card to your Google account and pay using a smartphone Android.
However, American experts emphasize that, despite heavy investment in high-tech companies promoting the technology NFC, US retailers are still cautious about innovations and not very willing to spend money on equipment of its stores such systems.
So now observers hope that the yield on the Apple market still cause retailers to accelerate and actively introduce this technology in its outlets.
French FM: Paris stance regarding the supply to Russia, "Mistral" does not change
French Foreign Ministry spokesman Romain Nadal said the same position with respect to supply Paris Russian helicopter type "Mistral".
"I can recall the statement of the President (Francois Hollande), which he made in an interview with Le Monde newspaper on 20 August:" Today, the level of sanctions does not preclude delivery.
This decision of Europeans, and not France, "", - quotes Mr. Nadal "RIA Novosti".
Thus the representative of the French Foreign Ministry responded to the question of whether not affect the deterioration of the situation in Ukraine on the change in the position of Paris on the implementation of this contract
For more information about the supply of helicopter in Russia, read the material of the magazine "Ogonyok" "" Mistral "is almost ours."
Council of National Security of Ukraine: for the last day in the area of ​​military operation killed seven soldiers
The representative of the National Security and Defense Council of Ukraine Andriy Lysenko said that over the past day in the combat zone in the east of the country killed seven Ukrainian soldiers and another 25 were injured.
The situation is under Ilovaiskaya extremely difficult.
Until then, until the operation is complete withdrawal from the environment, the details will not be announced.
Upon completion of the operation will be made public data on losses and the reasons for this situation.
Those responsible for the occurrence of such a situation will be held accountable, "- he added Mr. Lysenko, refusing to discuss the situation in more detail under Ilovaiskaya, where several Ukrainian battalions were surrounded.
According to the National Security Council, "every effort to return soldiers were taken prisoner," ITAR-TASS.
Mr. Lysenko also noted that the Ukrainian military departed from the airport in Lugansk in the direction of the village Georgiyevka.
For more information about the situation in the east of Ukraine, read the material "b", "Arsen Avakov: the first Ukrainian military out of the environment under the Ilovaiskaya."
Norwegian Cruise approaching the $ 3-billion deal with Prestige Cruises
Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd NCHL.O, the third largest cruise operator in the world, is in the final stage of negotiations for the acquisition of a similar company Prestige Cruises International Inc for about $ 3 billion, according to people familiar with the situation.
The deal would provide Norwegian Cruise, companies with a market stoimstyu $ 6.8 billion, access to cruise ships of class "luxury" and provided customers Prestige Cruises, as it competes with larger rival Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd (RCL.N) and Carnival Corp ( CCL.N).
About the agreement could be announced as early as this week, sources said Sunday, warning that the talks could still fall through.
Owner Prestige Cruises, private equity firm Apollo Global Management LLC (APO.N), also owns a 20 percent stake in Norwegian Cruise.
The sources asked to remain anonymous because the negotiations are not open.
Representatives of the Norwegian Cruise Prestige Cruises and did not respond to requests for comment, while Apollo representative declined to comment on the information.
Norwegian Cruise, based in Miami, operates 13 cruise ships on routes covering North America, the Mediterranean, the Baltic Sea, Central America and the Caribbean.
Its revenue was $ 2.57 billion in 2013, 13 percent more than in 2012.
Prestige Cruises, also based in Miami, working under the brands of Oceania and Regent, which together own eight cruise ships that go to Scandinavia, Russia, the Mediterranean, North America, Asia, Africa and South America.
It said revenue of $ 1.2 billion in 2013, 6 percent higher than a year earlier.
It is expected that $ 29-billion positive impact of the cruise industry in the coming years the growth of the middle class in emerging economies such as China and India.
Companies tend to race to position themselves as cruise operators, these new preferred customers.
Prestige Cruises was incorporated in US regulators for an initial public offering in January 2014.
Apollo has become a major shareholder in the company after the $ 850 million deal in 2007.
Norwegian Cruise was set up in the form in which it exists now, in 2000, as a result of the merger with cruise operators belonging Genting Bhd (GENT.KL), a conglomerate of entertainment and casinos are controlled by Malaysian billionaire Lim Kok Tay.
Apollo invested $ 1 billion in the Norwegian Cruise in 2008.
Norwegian Cruise became a public company in January 2013.
Genting owned shares in 28 per cent, Apollo owned shares in 20 percent, and private equity firm TPG Capital LP held stakes in 8 percent of the company, at the end of June, according to reports.
Carnival, Royal Caribbean Cruises and Norwegian Cruise together account for 82 percent of the cruise passenger traffic in North America, according to registration documents at the first public offering of shares of Prestige Cruises.
TV and Radio Company "Crimea" can get 250 million rubles in subsidies
The Ministry of Communications of Russia proposes to allocate state broadcasting company "Crimea" 250 million rubles. in 2014.
As the draft decree of the Ministry of Communications, posted on a single website, the disclosure of information about the preparation of regulations, subsidies will be spent "for the cost of creating the conditions for a large-scale media coverage of the socio-economic situation and development of the modern information space in the Republic of Crimea".
Also, the money will go to purchase equipment, roof repairs and energy systems in the building of TV and Radio Company, founded in 1959, according to "RIA Novosti".
Hong Kong's pro-democracy activists disrupted the performance of the Chinese representative at the next day after the decision on elections
A group of citizens who are loyal to Beijing, stood nearby, waving the Chinese flag.
The Standing Committee of the National People's Congress on Sunday identified the process by which just two or three candidates will be allowed to take part in the election of the head of Hong Kong in 2017.
All candidates must first obtain the support of most members of the committee for the nomination, which is likely to be full of Beijing loyalists.
The decision makes it almost impossible for the democratic opposition to get on the ballot and led pro-democracy activists again promise to stop the financial center of Hong Kong protest "Occupy Central".
Political reform - is the main source of tension in Hong Kong, as the Chinese party leaders fear that the call for democracy to spread to other cities.
Following the publication of the Beijing document describing the control of China over Hong Kong in June, the activists of the democratic movement held an unofficial referendum on the election of a special administrative region, and hundreds of thousands left in the business center of the city and staged a sit-in.
Lee briefing organized by the Government of Hong Kong and the Chinese Liaison Office in Hong Kong.
Vice-Chairman of the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress Zhang Rongshun and Deputy Director of the Bureau of Hong Kong and Macao Affairs of the State Council Wei Feng also had to speak at a series of briefings for the day.
Students, activists said they will gather in front of the head of the government of Hong Kong in the afternoon.
Britain did not mention democratic governance for Hong Kong until the last days of 150 years of colonial rule.
The Israeli authorities intend to join 400 hectares of land belonging to the Palestinian Authority
The Israeli authorities have announced that they intend to join 400 hectares of land on the west bank of the Jordan River, belonging to the Palestinian Authority.
As the "Bi-bi-si", the decision to join South Bethlehem land is connected with the desire to avenge the abduction and murder of three Israeli teenagers in June this year.
On the capture of the territory of the ministry of defense of Israel announced on Sunday and instructed to establish military administration in the West Bank.
According to the Gaza Strip, Saeb Erekat, the international community should urge Israel to task for "continued settlement activity in the West Bank and East Jerusalem."
Putin calls from Kiev to begin negotiations on the "state" in eastern Ukraine
According to Russian news reports about his remarks, Russian President Vladimir Putin demanded on Sunday that the Ukrainian government stopped fighting with separatists in the east of the country and the immediate commencement of negotiations on the "state" the breakaway region.
His press secretary, Dmitry Peskov, later clarified that Putin did not mean to imply that the East Ukrainian territory under the control of separatists become part of Russia, but what is its status within Ukraine should be revised to enable the Russian-speaking region, the ability to protect their rights and interests.
However, Putin's call to the Kiev government to start talks with pro-Russian rebels as an equal match obvious strategy, which it should be from the beginning of the bloodshed five months ago: Help separatists take territory and force the Ukrainian government to the territory of the newly proclaimed Novorossia facto independence to get closer to Russia, and not with the West.
In an interview with Channel One state television, Putin condemned the Ukrainian military campaign to return the territory held by the separatists in the eastern Donetsk and Lugansk regions, which were captured in March and April after Moscow annexed the Ukrainian peninsula of Crimea March 18th.
The Kremlin and the separatists was recently named the occupied territories Novorossia or New Russia, a name that refers to the pre-revolutionary glory days of the Russian Empire.
Putin said that anyone who believes that peace talks will take place in the near future, when Ukrainian politicians are beginning to campaign for the parliamentary elections of 26 October, and at the time, government troops attacked a peaceful settlement in the region held by the separatists - "Prisoner of illusions" , ITAR-TASS reported.
"We should immediately start substantive talks, not only on technical issues, but also political structure of society and state status south-eastern Ukraine, to meet the interests of the people living there," he said.
Peskov said that Putin's words about the state had in mind in the context of greater autonomy, which has been discussed for months with leaders in Kiev in an attempt to calm fears in Russian-speaking regions, their cultural and linguistic rights are in danger.
Only the Ukrainian government can give the necessary autonomy to the eastern regions, Peskov said.
This is not a matter for discussion between Ukraine and Russia, Peskov said, "because it is not a conflict between Russia and Ukraine, and the Ukrainian internal conflict."
The intervention of the press secretary of the Kremlin to correct "erroneous interpretation" Putin's words underscored the decision of the Russian leadership to act against the separatist rebellion in the east in any other way than open the capture of the Crimea, where most of the 2 millionth population - ethnic Russian.
Moscow would have to endure much more uphill battle to even connect Donetsk and Lugansk regions of eastern Ukraine, as the majority of the 6.5 million inhabitants are not Russian, and interviews before the conflict showed broad support for the desire to stay in Ukraine.
Autonomy, which Russian diplomats discussed at international forums would give regional governments in Ukraine authorities to determine themselves trade agreements and foreign policies, essentially handing the Kremlin effective control over the territory, which would connect the main territory of Russia and the Crimea.
On the Black Sea peninsula, attached five months ago, is the main Russian navy and commercial maritime institutions and historic seaside resorts.
In the regions between the Russian Rostov region and the Crimea are also mines, factories and foundries that produce the necessary equipment for the Russian army.
Ukrainian President Poroshenko suggested during his inaugural speech on June 7 to Ukrainian lawmakers after new elections weighed a constitutional amendment to allow the breakaway regions greater control over their finances and the status of languages.
However, his view of autonomy, it seems, is very different from the view of the Kremlin and the separatist rebels, in arming and abetting accused Moscow.
Last call for Putin to Kiev to negotiate with separatist leaders as equals, followed by new insurgent offensives last week after Russian troops and tanks entered the eastern Ukraine from formerly peaceful area along the Sea of ​​Azov.
Supported Russian separatists took control of the city Novoazovsk in the offensive, which Ukrainian Security Service officials say they are afraid that it is the beginning of a campaign to seize the strategic coastal territory to the Crimea.
This resulted in a large-scale civilian and military efforts to strengthen Mariupol steel ports with 500,000 inhabitants, which is located between Novoazovskiy and a narrow passage on the Crimean peninsula.
Poroshenko on Saturday addressed the meeting of European Union leaders in Brussels to call for measures to prevent further Russian aggression against Ukraine, a former Soviet republic, which has been independent for 23 years.
"We are approaching the point of no return," warned Poroshenko.
Thousands of foreign military and hundreds of foreign tanks are now in the territory of Ukraine.
EU Summit did not take specific measures; leaders called for the drafting of more severe sanctions against Russia, which will be taken in the event of any escalation of the Ukrainian crisis.
Ukrainian soldiers had to withdraw from their positions in Ilovaiskaya after two columns of Russian armored vehicles and 1,000 military last week entered the Donetsk region to support the separatists experiencing difficulties, Colonel Andrei Lysenko, spokesman for the National Security Council and Defense of Ukraine told reporters in Kiev on Saturday.
The first of 63 Ukrainian soldiers who are reportedly held in Ilovaiskaya a result of the Russian invasion, were exchanged on Sunday 10 Russian aviadesantnikov captured on Ukrainian territory a week ago, Lysenko said on Sunday.
The scandal over nude photo captures Australian celebrities and Gaby Greco
Geoffrey Edelsten expressed his aversion to hackers, who may have been stolen nude photos of his fiancee Gaby Greco and the whole list of Hollywood stars.
Hollywood perturbation after a series of explicit pictures, which depicts a nude Jennifer Lawrence, hit the Internet as a result of large-scale hacking scandal with celebrities.
They say that the hacker responsible for this, there are about 60 candid photos of stars "The Hunger Games" Lawrence and superstars, including model Kate Upton and Cara Delevingne, singer Rihanna, Ariana Grande and Lea Michele and actress Kirsten Dunst.
The Australian actor Teresa Palmer, Emily Browning, Yvonne Strahovski and living in Melbourne Greco is also believed to have been stolen photos by leakage from iCloud.
In the name of 101 celebrities.
Edelsten, who made the Greek proposal last month, told Confidential: "It is disgusting."
All private correspondence and photos should remain private.
Terrible, that personal information can be stolen and sent to others.
Greco, who is in New York, reportedly told the news website that the hacker attack was "disgraceful" and that those to whom it was directed, "feel to them invaded."
It is assumed that the attacker has 30 photos of Palmer with ex-boyfriend Scott Spidmenom, including two frames, where it is the pool topless.
Palmer works in film include "Love and Honor" with Liam Hemsworth.
Palmer, star of the film "Chuck" Strahovski and actress of "Sucker Punch" Browning did not comment yesterday stolen photos.
Representative Lawrence told TMZ: "This is a blatant invasion of privacy."
Actor Seth Rogen voiced their anger against the hacker, writing in Twitter: "upload photos stolen from a mobile phone, in fact, does not differ from the sale of stolen goods."
Just from a legal point of view, it is impossible to tolerate the publication of stolen photographs.
Discovered a potential way to steal photos of naked celebrities
Mass hacking of accounts of stars, perhaps produced by a vulnerability in the application Find My Phone.
A potential scenario described resource The Next Web.
On the resource Github published script in Python, which allows to select passwords for Find My Phone service from Apple.
This service allows you to track the location of iPhone.
To access it use the same login and password bunch Apple ID, and that access to the cloud Apple iCloud, which were stolen from a celebrity photos.
The script allows brute force to find out the password from the Find My Phone.
This method successively introduced various combinations of characters, starting with the most frequently used passwords.
The author of the script argued that when Find My Phone number of input options for passwords is unlimited.
With proper organization of the security system after several unsuccessful attempts to enter an incorrect password account to be blocked and inform the user of an attempt to hack.
Due to the vulnerability, users have received no reports of an attempt to guess the password for their account.
Hackers know the password from your Apple ID and use it to access iCloud.
According to a report by Hackapp in Twitter, the vulnerability was discovered two days ago, on Saturday, and it was written scripting program to guess passwords.
At the moment the vulnerability is closed: after five attempts at access to the service is blocked.
The resource is associated with a user Hackapp and he noted that the above-mentioned vulnerable characteristic of many services, but noted that he had no evidence that such a vulnerability was used to access the account "stars."
It's not me, plz RT
The Twitter Prime Minister once again appeared extraneous records
Although there is no hard evidence that to steal the photos was used a vulnerability in the Find My Phone, previously was a wave of malicious activity with the use of this service.
Hackers intercept device management and demanded a ransom from the owners.
In that case, Apple told the media that in this case the security of the cloud is not compromised, but not to investigate how people lost their accounts.
Russia has also previously been hacked twitter Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev.
If an attacker gained access to the iCloud as described above, there can store and password to the account in the head of the government microblogging service.
Resource The Next Web was unable to obtain comment Apple about the vulnerability in the Find My Phone.
Putin has granted Russian citizenship to Ukrainian pyatiborke
Russian President Vladimir Putin has granted Russian citizenship to the famous Ukrainian athlete Anna Buryak.
The corresponding decree was published on the website of legal information.
Earlier this year, the athlete has moved to Russia for permanent residence, and addressed to the Federation of Modern Pentathlon to provide it with the opportunity to play for the Russian Federation.
In 2013, she won two stages of the World Cup, won the silver medal in the European Championships in the individual championship and became the world champion in the mixed relay, which is one of the new types of programs in the sport.
It keeps the leading position in the current season.
According to the rules, to speak at the 2016 Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, it will need to get special permission of the Olympic Committee of Ukraine.
Anna Buryak not the first Ukrainian athlete to change citizenship.
In July, Putin decided to give Russian passports chess player Ekaterina Lagno - a native of Lviv, which is a two-time European champion (2005, 2008), the World Blitz (2010) and rapid chess (2014).
As part of the women's team won the Ukrainian athlete Chess Olympiad in Turin (2006), the World Team Championship in Astana (2013) and the European Championship in Warsaw (2013).
TFR has stopped investigating the disaster Tu-204 at Vnukovo
Investigative Committee of Russia (MRS) closed the criminal investigation into the Tu-204 airline Red Wings.
It is reported by the press service of the department.
The decision was made in connection with the death of the aircraft commander and flight engineer.
Forensic examination showed that the cause of the accident was the increased speed of the approach, the crew of the failure of standard procedures for planting, as well as inadvertent output engines revving forward thrust.
The Tu-204 airline Red Wings, en route flight Prague - Moscow, crashed December 29, 2012 while landing at Moscow's Vnukovo airport.
The aircraft skidded off the runway and caught fire.
At the scene killed the aircraft commander, co-pilot and flight engineer.
Two flight attendants were taken to hospitals, where he subsequently died from his injuries.
Another three flight attendants who were hospitalized with serious injuries, were long-term treatment.
In addition, serious injury was a motor vehicle driver to move in the moment of accident on the Kiev highway.
Passengers on board the aircraft was not.
Transport Prosecutor's Office after the disaster held in check Red Wings, during which revealed numerous violations.
In February 2013 the license of the airline has been suspended.
The company resumed operations in the summer of 2013.
Aleksander Emelianenko started training in jail
Well-known Russian fighter mixed style 33-year-old Aleksander Emelianenko, who is in jail on charges of sexual assault against housemaids, fully recovered from his injuries and started training.
It is reported by "Championship".
In May this year, Russia's Investigative Committee Alexander Emelianenko showed the charge of rape.
The suspect was wanted on May 9, he was detained in Tambov after making them a road accident, in which he suffered a broken hip.
Emelianenko Jr. was placed under arrest until August 31, September 1, was scheduled sentencing.
However, the court was moved, and consequently insisted on the extension of detention until 30 September.
In the event of a athlete is proved, he faces a prison term of up to six years.
What is the force, brother?
"To Lenta.ru" recalls the most scandalous stories in the career of Alexander Emelianenko
His last fight Emelianenko held in January this year, losing by TKO compatriot Dmitry Sosnovsky.
Alexander - younger brother of the more famous fighter Fedor Emelianenko.
The latter is a four-time world champion in mixed martial arts, four-time world champion and seven-time champion of Russia in combat sambo.
Anger was the most versatile and functional human emotions
Angry expression is biologically universal to mankind, and each is involved in its creation of a body and muscle group is not accidental, as an additional means of expressing the power and threat, researchers found in Australia and the United States.
On their discoveries they told the journal Evolution and Human Behavior, and briefly about them can be found in the press release the University of California at Santa Barbara.
Angry expression - shifted and drooping eyebrows, stretched his lips into a thin line, nostrils - the same in all cultures, and make it even congenitally blind children who had never seen the notes study lead author Aaron Sell.
As part of a major research project on the nature of anger, the researchers found that there was this emotion for the effective management of disputes during the conflict.
The greater the physical damage one person can do to another, the greater its capacity to dictate the conditions, and he brings it to his interlocutor with the help of anger.
Researchers have found confirmation of his hypothesis, and the other: a physically strong people often get angry and go to the assault, feel entitled to impose other unfavorable conditions for them and prefer to force to resolve conflicts peacefully.
Based on the fact that anger is primarily "emotion bargaining", the scientists decided that the motion of each of the seven groups of muscles, creating an angry facial expression should be angry individual more powerful and dangerous in the eyes of the interlocutor - and thereby force as soon as possible to agree with its terms in order to avoid conflict.
To test this hypothesis, the researchers modeled the faces on a computer, where be present or absent, each of the seven elements of an angry face, and showed their informants.
Although lowered eyebrows or extended chin alone did not make a person evil, the image features such person stronger physically study participants unanimously recognized.
Anger man, as in animals, expressed threat: an exaggerated expression of their own power, forcing to accept and obey.
Man nostrils and purses his lips with the same purpose as the frog that inflates or baboon, which shows his fangs.
"Wrath" launched "the interlocutor refusal to accept the situation and takes the shape of the face once, as efficiently as showing the opposite side of the consequences of this refusal.
But the most striking - that none of the components of an angry person is not arbitrary, they all express the same thing, "- said the anthropologist John Tooby.
The Ministry of Communications has proposed to allocate 250 million rubles broadcasting company "Crimea"
The Ministry of Communications has proposed to allocate in 2014 from the federal budget 250 million rubles independent non-profit organization "TV and Radio Company" Crimea "."
This is stated in the draft resolution of the Government, prepared by the Office, seen "to Lenta.ru."
According to the explanatory memorandum to the draft, subsidies from the federal budget will be directed "towards the cost of creating the conditions for a large-scale media coverage of the socio-economic situation and development of the modern information space in the Republic of Crimea, including the purchase of equipment."
In particular, for the money is supposed to convert hardware-studio block, video walls, the central hardware and videoservernuyu.
It is also planned acquisition of mobile television station and satellite transmitter.
In addition, the company will pay the allocated funds the use of fiber-optic communication line (FOCL) and the renovation of energy.
Subsidies will be provided within the means of the federal budget allocated to the Ministry of Communications.
National Broadcasting Company "Crimea" was created in 1959, broadcasts in seven languages: Ukrainian, Russian, Crimean Tatar, German, Greek, Bulgarian and Armenian.
Today, television and radio coverage of the television signal is more than 75 percent of the peninsula.
In 2011, "TV and Radio Company" Crimea "," received a license for television broadcasting in digital format.
