The prime ministers of India and Japan are meeting in Tokyo
India's new prime minister, Narendra Modi, meets with his Japanese counterpart, Shinzo Abe, in Tokyo to discuss ties in economics and security, in the context of his first major foreign visit after the election victory in May.
Mr Modi is a five-day trip to Japan with the aim of strengthening economic ties with the world's third largest economy.
Plans to expand nuclear cooperation at the top of the agenda.
India also, reportedly, hopes for an agreement on the draft for cooperation between the two states.
Fano Russia will hold the final Expert session
Federal Agency of scientific organizations with Fano Russia will hold a third session Expert" assessment of the effectiveness of the scientific organizations."
The meeting will be the final in a series of meetings, held every agency within a year, said in a press release, the office "Ленты.Ру."
At the third meeting is scheduled to sum up the work of the session for the year and a final list of indicators for the assessment of the effectiveness of scientific organizations.
The participants of the event are planning to discuss the rules of expert groups responsible for the assessment of scientific groups, and evaluation criteria.
The third expert session will be the final event of the events on the formation of a unified approach for all three academies of the assessment of the effectiveness of the scientific organizations.
Over the past five months we have succeeded, and the final version of the regulations is on coordination.
At the end of the next session, we must complete the formation of naukometriceskogo processes and expert analysis, to agree on terms and phases of the evaluation," said US Fano control of Russia's Elena Associates.
The event will be attended by representatives of more than 100 Russian scientific institutions.
The results are expected to adopt a resolution.
The meeting will begin at 10 a.m. Moscow time on September 16, 2014 at 14: The city of Moscow, a hodgepodge street, house.
Scientists have found a way to detect related stars
Astrophysics at the University of California at Santa Cruz have studied the turbulent mixing and its impact on the chemical homogeneity in stellar flocks.
It is expected that the discovery of experts will search among the stars, a species that is arising from one cluster.
The results of their research published in the journal Nature, and briefly with them can be found on the website of the university.
The cause of the same chemical composition blizlejaisih stars is a turbulent mixing in the clouds of gas that precedes the formation of stars.
Even if a star is born then leaves the star cluster of its chemical composition can determine the place of her birth and education region zvezdrodstvennikov.
Previously, scientists had doubts that the evolution of a star cluster outside can lead to differences in its chemical content from such have relatives in a cluster.
The simulation results by astrophysicist, show that such differences should not appear.
In my research specialists with the help of a supercomputer modeled two interstellar gas flow, which together have formed a cloud.
This object for several million years under its own gravity is transformed into a cluster protostar begin to form.
The scientists added craskimetki in initial gas flows and determined that, thanks to the rapid turbulent peremeshivaniu in the cloud is a high degree of chemical homogeneity.
As astrophysicists believe, their research proves that you can seek zvezdyrodstvenniki on chemical composition, as well as identify possible areas of education such objects.
Karratha police arrested 20 years after the persecution of motorcycle at high speed
A motorcycle was confiscated after it passed at a speed of 125 km/h in the zone with a speed limit of 70 km/h and through bushland to hide from the police in the Pilbara.
The traffic police patrol in Karate this morning attempted to stop a blue motorcycle, finding that its speed reaches 125 km/h, when he left the service station at Bathgate Road.
The police reports that a biker hits a deaf granny has not stopped and the movement continued Burgess Road, then rolled in bushland, with the result that the police have lost sight of him.
A motorcycle and a man matching the description of the driver, were spotted near the home on Walcott Way in Bulgarra.
The police charged Karratha 20th man indicted in refusing to stop and dangerous driving.
He is expected to appear before the world court Karratha on September 23.
A motorcycle was seized and detained for three months.
The school year will start until October
Don't start the school year on September 1, because only 10% of children in the region.
It said the Minister of Education and Science of the self-proclaimed republic Igor Kosten.
In his words, 11% of school children left in other regions of Ukraine, 20% - in Russia.
No training in schools on the territory controlled by the, will begin before October 1.
However, teachers will work on September 1.
The investigation into the disaster has been completed "TU-204 at Vnukovo International in 2012
The investigative committee of Russia completed an investigation of a criminal case into the plane disaster "TU-204 at Vnukovo airport in December 2012.
This was reported today in the RF IC.
"Moscow inter-regional investigative management on the transport of the Investigative Committee of Russia completed the investigation of the criminal case, the disaster of the aircraft TU 204 airline "Red Wings" at Vnukovo airport on December 29, 2012, on grounds of the crime, provided the ст.263 CC RF/violation of safety rules and movement of air transport operations caused by negligence for the death of two or more persons," the statement reads.
The cause of the accident was the failure of crew of standard procedures and increased speed for landing.
George Webster accused of rape in hotels in Nairn and Pitlochry
A man appears in court on charges of rape of women in two hotels.
George Webster, 28 years, charged during a hearing at the High Court in Glasgow.
Presumably, he raped a woman in a hotel in Scotland' ç Pitlochry, Perthshire, on June 7, 2013.
That Webster has attacked her when she was "unconscious, was asleep and was not in a position to give consent."
In addition, Webster Nairn Golf View" is accused of raping another woman at the hotel, which is located on the SeveroShotlandskom Highlands, May 4, 2014.
Judge Lady Rae appointed the hearing in the High Court in Edinburgh on November 17.
Lavrov: Russia will not "slam the door" in connection with new sanctions and will not go out of the WTO
Russia will not "slam the door" in connection with new sanctions.
Armenia's Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov, speaking in front of students and teachers.
About our retaliatory measures in case of a new wave of anti-Russian sanctions, then I'm not even going to talk, because everything should be specifically intended," he said.
And when we understand that the European and American partners spodobyatsya at this time, then we will make decisions about how to meet it.
This will not be connected with clapping doors, some grievances, falsely understood, the minister said.
Above all, we'll start from our interests, the interests of protecting its economy and social sphere, our citizens, our business partners for their adequacy, dogovorosposobnosti and reliability will make conclusions from the action.
On the steps that are being taken in the field of sanctions, may very well be judged, which are partners," the head of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation continued.
If the voice say that "these sanctions will be too painful for us, but we have to go on it, to punish Russia," is probably not very adequate."
With regard to the WTO, the release of the Russian Federation in response to possible new sanctions, it is not.
On the contrary, we want more actively master WTO tools, including when it comes about trade disputes," Lavrov said.
We have already had been set up this tool to overcome, as we believe, the EU's discriminatory policies against anti-dumping procedures.
According to the minister, Russia accused of dumping and apply anti-dumping measures against sectors of the Russian economy.
"to use the mechanisms of the WTO and we are ready to defend our position of standards of the EU's third energopaketa retrospectively," Lavrov said.
How to use lilac in the design of the garden?
The questions is Irina Okuneva:
Because Syringa after otzvetania loses its appeal, it is planted along with other bushes.
It is perfectly combined with many cultures.
With next to siren should be planted as an ornamental plants, in other terms and blooming along with it.
Another plus lilac is that it provides a lot of opportunities for creativity.
You can form her stambovm laying of varying heights, improved bush, bush with a wide base and even of bonsai garden is laying a grotesquely bent ylic.
Just choose the form, which is more in line with the design of your garden.
In Karelia for sales of fake money, a resident of the Leningrad region convicted
As reported in the republican Interior Ministry, a man was engaged in its criminal fishing in Olonets- and Segezhsky areas.
Apart from Karelia, he committed similar crimes in other regions of the country.
In particular, the defendant had nasleditl the Vologda region, where in the spring of this year, he was sentenced to two and a half years" imprisonment.
The man later appeared before the Olonets district court.
But for the completion of the investigation on crimes committed in our republic, was steped in Segezha.
In the course of the investigation of the wines on several episodes of sales of counterfeit money related to the summer of 2013.
In late June of this year, the materials of the criminal case with the conclusion of law were forwarded to the courts.
On Friday, August 29, the court issued a decision to replace the term of imprisonment for four years with a total regime in the colony.
The sentence came into force.
Last week sentenced two more sbytchika fake money that they paid in Petrozavodsk shops.
The citizens of Azerbaijan came in designing also from St. Petersburg.
One of those deprived of freedom for five years, the other on four.
Everyone was appointed as a fine of 500,000 rubles.
The sentence also in force have not joined.
In Arkhangelsk marked the anniversary of the arrival of the first convoy 73-ю "Dervish"
The meeting, which took place in the regional center, was devoted to the first Arctic convoy.
"Dervish" delivered in the Soviet military aid from the United States and the United Kingdom.
In Arkhangelsk memory rally was held at slaid stone monument future participants Sedov, which is located on the seafront promenade in Solombala northern convoys.
The event brought together representatives of veterans organizations of Arkhangelsk, the children of military grade.
For the first time, we gathered twenty three years ago, when a stone was laid of the chapel.
But at the same time, today's event is not a holiday, but the day the memory of those who do not back the sea," said Boris Karpov, Chairman of the Board of Veterans of the Northern Sea Shipping Company.
Then at the event was the city's brass band class, and the cadet presented veterans with flowers and marched with Russia's flag and the banner of Victory.
The rally ended laying flowers to slaid stone.
The convoy consisted of five British ships and one Dutch transport loaded strategically important raw materials, 10,000 tons of rubber, 1 500 tons of form boots, tin, coat and a lot of equipment and other equipment.
In addition was aboard ships and military equipment and weapons - 3 800 deep bombs and magnetic mines, 15 Hurricane fighter, the temperature regulator in the state.
The escort convoys were 16 British naval ships, including two aircraft carriers.
The plane was not detected by the enemy and safely reached the destination of Arkhangelsk.
A total of 848 ships involved in the vital operations for caravans, killed 126 vehicles and about 50 military courts.
In the framework of the Amur Autumn" will be amateur film festival
From 10 to 12 September in Blagoveshchensk KinAmur" amateur film festival will take place within the framework of the "Amur Autumn."
Local cinema-goers will be able to take part in workshops and events of the festival of theater and film.
On September 10 KinAmura participants will take part in the workshop of famous directors, constructive meeting and "short meter" show: "Chelovecdobro, before leaving in the orange," "Aryspole."
The Amur director Semen Rudenko pocas "Fire under board will take place on September 11.
On September 12, will be held at the closing ceremony of the festival "KinAmur, where will be summed up and named the winners of the festival.
Amateur film competition will be held in several nominations.
For the first time will participate cartoons: 3 animation films selected for the festival.
Only 11 of the authors are involved in the festival.
The following year the participants plan to exhibit the Russian level, the press service of the city administration.
Recalling a very American ideal that labor rights are human rights
Congressmen Keith Ellison and John Lewis have proposed a bill on which trade union organization guarded as civil law.
"where labor unions, there and the jobs of the middle class," says Ellison, Democrat of Minnesota, who is co-chairman of the Congressional Progressive the factions.
That's why I'm proud to represent the Act expanding the rights of workers, together with the symbol of the civil rights movement, John Lewis.
This innovative bill would give workers the same legal opportunities, with discrimination of trade unions and other forms of discrimination, stopping force union opponents
The change of the Law on the regulation of labor relations in such a way as to allow workers stalking with discrimination for participation in trade union organization, to seek justice in civil courts - and receive compensation for damages and punitive payments is reasonable and necessary initiative.
But it's certainly not radical initiative - at least, by American standards.
In fact, the best way to understand that offer Ellison, Lewis and co-authors of the bill - remember a very American idea.
Despite the attacks, which the unions were in recent years - in Wisconsin, Michigan and other states across the country - the Americans once supported the countries around the world to take, to expand and to respect labor rights.
It was the time that millions of Americans still remember when this country at the same time protect democracy, freedom of speech, freedom of the press and the right to organize.
When the United States occupied Japan after World War II, Gen. Douglas MacArthur and his aides have helped the country to adopt the constitution so as to ensure that militarized autocracy Hideki Tojo was replaced by democracy.
Fully aware that the workers and their unions play a role in the formation of a new Japan, they have included the text, which directly admitted that "the right of workers to organize, and on the talks, and the collective action is guaranteed."
When the United States occupied Germany after World War II, General Dwight David Eisenhower and his assistants have helped the Germans write a constitution that guaranteed that Adolf Hitler's fascism was replaced by a strong democracy.
Recognizing that workers will have to organize themselves and be heard in the new state, the Germans have included an article which openly stated: "the right to form associations in order to protect and improve labor and economic conditions will be guaranteed to each person and each profession or activity.
The agreements that limit or seek, this right, will have no legal force; measures aimed at these goals will be deemed illegal.
When the former first lady Eleanor Roosevelt was the chairman of the International Commission on Human Rights, which was the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, which in 1948 Roosevelt will be adopted by the United Nations as a global agreement, and the authors have included a guarantee that "everyone has the right to organize and join trade unions for the protection of his interests."
Generations of Americans have taken for granted the basic position that labor rights are human rights.
When this country advised other countries on how to create a civil and democratic society, the Americans have explained that the right to organize unions - and to ensure that this union took part as an equal partner in collective bargaining with corporations and government agencies - should be protected.
Now, when these rights are under assault in America, wisely, in fact, go back to the American ideal that working people should have the right to organize and to ensure that their voices were heard in a free and open society.
As the Reverend Martin Luther King Jr. said fifty years ago:
History is a great teacher.
Now everyone knows that no trade union movement has undermined the strength of the nation, but increased them.
Raising the living standards of millions, labor unions have miraculously created a market for industry and lifted the whole nation on imaginable levels of production.
Those attacks on unions, forget these simple truths, but history remembers them.
History remembers it, and us.
The official recognition of labor rights as human rights - and the expansion of the protection of civil rights, to prevent discrimination against union organization is long overdue.
Keith Ellison and John Lewis vozrojdaut ideals that historically expanded America and made the promise of democracy a reality.
The judge temporarily blocks a law that could close all abort clinic in Louisiana
In the US, a federal judge on Sunday temporarily blocked the introduction of Louisiana law, which his supporters say he is likely to close all five abortion clinics in the state.
According to this measure, which was signed by the governor of Louisiana, Bobby Jinadlom in June and was supposed to enter into force on September 1, the doctors who do abortions, must have been would have the powers of the patients in the hospital within 30 miles of their practice.
Nevertheless, the judges decision means that, at the moment, doctors can continue to make legal abortion, while continuing to look for such powers.
The plaintiffs will be allowed to work legally, continuing the actions of authority," Judge John deGravelles wrote in its decision.
The hearing will be scheduled within a month, at which the judge of a more permanent solution to this law.
Advocates of abortion rights will be happy to have met this decision, the last of the decisions against similar measures, saying that it will give doctors more time for hospital powers.
"Today's decision ensures that Louisiana women will be protected from the cunning of the law, which seeks to deprive them of health and rights," said Nancy Northup, president and director of the Center for reproductive Rights, which filed the lawsuit about the actions of the law on behalf of three of the five clinics in the state.
It was not immediately clear whether the decision applies to doctors from two hospitals, who has not played for the plaintiffs in this case, and also filed a statement at the reception.
Louisiana is one of 11 states that have adopted similar laws, and courts recently acknowledged such measures unconstitutional in Alabama and Mississippi.
The key part of the Texas law that would have closed most of the remaining clinics in the state, were blocked by a federal judge on Friday.
Activists of the right to an abortion, together with the American College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists and the American Medical Association, said that laws mandate to impose restrictions on doctors, are not necessary from the point of view of medicine.
Abortion opponents argue that such measures are aimed at protecting women's health, though some also noted the positive effect in their closing clinics.
Only one doctor, which makes abortions in Louisiana, have the powers of reception in the hospital, according to the Center on reproductive rights.
If all other doctors in the state will be forced to stop to perform this procedure, the doctor, fearing for their safety, would cease to perform this procedure, the group reported.
Criticizing this decision, Louisiana officials said that they will not punish doctors, making abortion, as long as their statements on the powers are waiting for admission decisions.
The consequences of the introduction of quotas on domestic products
At least half of the products of the kind of goods in stock trading networks must be produced in Russia, the deputy of the State Duma from "Fair Russia" faction Oleg Nilov said.
MP has prepared a bill aimed at the introduction of protective measures against domestic manufacturers, the newspaper Izvestia writes.
The document will still be detalizirovate to avoid possible discomfort for buyers.
This applies to goods that are not produced in Russia. <... > The other groups of products that are produced in Russia, the retailer will have to provide at least half of their shelves with domestic producers," said Nilov publication.
With the amendments in the article "On the basis of state regulation of trading activity in the Russian Federation," the bill calls for changes to the Tax Code for stealth characteristics of the VAT rate of 10% of the products, produced in Russia.
The idea to introduce a 50% quota percent in trading networks is included in the stimulus package for Russian producers.
On the shelves will appear in a few times of domestic goods.
But the initiative may have both positive and negative effect, experts say.
According to the company's lawyer Sergei Litvinenko, a member of the Independent Expert Center "Public Council "Nalogovik, for the Russian economy, as well as for the domestic agricultural and food industries, the effect will be positive in nature, and will lead to growth.
The will to agricultural producers, farmers, small shops.
They will be able to sell more, which means that profits will grow.
In addition, they will have the right to dictate their terms and prices, because those retailers will be forced to buy their goods.
Russian producers will be able to increase the volume of its activities and sales that would pay higher taxes than before.
It will increase budget revenues, create new jobs, some industry will begin to expand, free faster accustomed, will be included in GDP growth.
Russia's dependence on foreign food drops in several times, however, not immediately," the expert said.
Earlier, Russian enterprises often could not break on the shelves of the local shops because of high competition from foreign analogues.
Now, after the introduction of the embargo, this niche freed and can sigh of relief.
But don't forget that after all the necessary approvals and sanitary inspections on the Russian market to do food products from Latin America, Turkey and Serbia.
In other words, now the time has come to calm," when the former players have already left, and new ones have not yet arrived.
Almost a month later you can talk about the increased demand on Russian raw materials, as well as rising prices for finished products," said First Vice President of the Russian public organization "Russian club financial directors, PhD Tamara АиФ.ru Kasyanov.
Clearly, the idea to sell at least 50% of food products in each category will consolidate the sector for local producers.
In this case they will compete with each other, and not with the goods at the expense of another state subsidies, are cheaper.
In other words, the struggle for the buyer will between companies, working on a single industry laws.
On the other hand, says Kasyanov, Russian producers can meet 50% of domestic needs compatriots not in all aspects.
And in this situation trading networks will have "dotyagivat" share of Russian goods up to half of the assortment.
In connection with this increase fears that the counters to do substandard goods.
Perhaps, under the guise of foreign products will be available in Russia with rebite labels," the expert added.
The negative effect of the introduction of quotas will feel the big retail chains, especially those who are or cooperate with importers.
Logically, that this scenario would suffer and foreign suppliers themselves, as demand for their products will decline.
Litvinenko does not rule out that the quota law on domestic goods could affect on consumers.
The fact of the matter is that some products produced in Russia can yield by the quality of imported analogues, while shops could force prices on the second, as the deficit of goods.
About the idea of import substitution rediscovered in the early 2000s, economists again spoke in February of this year because of the ongoing devaluation of the ruble.
Against the backdrop of difficult relations with the West now the question of imported food becomes even more urgent.
The law aims to oblige retailers in the formation of orders to suppliers reckon with domestic producers.
Then we go much faster and more confident in the way of import substitution, and the planning system of production on the necessary types of products will be created over short periods of time," says MP Oleg Nilov.
Especially effective mechanism will quotas for agricultural sectors where the potential is especially high, for example, in the dairy industry, where the share of imports was 25%.
Our farmers are really are able to fully cover the shelves of shops.
In addition, the momentum could get the meat production.
As we know, the biggest share of imports is saved on beef - from 30% to 35%.
So, 65-70% on Russian products," Kasyanov says.
Experts believe that the introduction of quotas on domestic products will contribute to importozameshcheniu and can accelerate this process.
But in itself to importozameshcheniu this initiative will not, because it need a set of measures, Litvinenko believes.
In any case, 50% of sold goods according to this initiative can still be brought from abroad, which means for import substitution does, but significant steps will be done in this direction.
In addition to set quotas, you still need to establish the production of domestic products in the country to perform these quotas.
These quotas is just such guarantees and provide," - the expert.
Not the diagnosis and the lack of access to the optimal treatment mean that rural ovarian cancer kills more
Angelina Jolie and her brother James published the video memory of their late mother, who died from ovarian cancer in 2007.
Women, provise in rural Australia, face a higher risk of death from ovarian cancer than those living in cities.
The researchers analyzed disease maps of more than 1,100 Australian women diagnosed with ovarian cancer in 2005, found that only 35 percent live five years after being diagnosed.
Lead researcher Susan Jordan of the QIMR Berghofer Medical Research Institute reported that 20 percent less likely to die during the study than those who live in the regions and remote areas of the state, than those who live in urban areas.
A small Research: New drugs can reduce lung cancer and ovarian cancer
The researchers traced the medical path of women for seven years.
Dr. Jordan said that the woman's age at the time of diagnosis, the type of ovarian cancer, the presence of current diseases and the status also influenced the likelihood of survival.
Older women and those who had cancer was at a later stage at diagnosis, had the lowest survival rates.
For those who lived in the regions or remote areas of the state, likely to die during the study was 20 percent higher than for those who lived in urban areas.
Although the study was not designed to determine why women living outside the cities, are more likely to die of ovarian cancer, Dr. Jordan suggested that issue the diagnosis and the lack of access to the optimal treatment is possible factors.
"This disease is best treated surgeons, of gynecologic oncology, and for the most part, they are in big cities," she said.
Despite the improved quality of telemedicine services, to reduce the impact of distance, she suggested that an increase in the number of services on the exit will allow specialists to treat women closer to home, and support programs people have been treated far from his home, can help.
Dr. Jordan said that regardless of geographical location, the study found that prolonged life expectancy among women with ovarian cancer was a rare, stressing the need for more effective treatment and prevention strategies.
The study, funded by Rio Tinto Ride to Conquer cancer, will be published today in the Medical Journal of Australia.
In March 2012, at the age of 33 years, a young mother with the Gold Coast Elisha Neave said that she has the aggressive form of ovarian cancer.
In September in open doors to a new FAP Kujenerskom district
The construction of medical institutions in the village of Toctaybelyak was started in April this year and was linked to the project.
The cost of the work was a little more than 10 million rubles.
According to the management of public relations and information of the Head of Mari El, funding for the construction of the project was carried out at the expense of the national budget in accordance with targeted investment program.
The total area of therapeutic institutions is almost 230 square meters.
There will be to provide medical care to residents of eight villages: Toctaybelyak village and villages Dementieva Puncherumal, Tuna, Foschi, Toraybelyak Shiner and Cashcall.
A new item feldsherskoakushersky will replace incumbent FAP, whose building was built in 1918 and has long been exhausted its resource, and its premises do not comply with sanitary and hygienic requirements.
The new institution will be opened in the near future.
Ubished four-monthperiod son in drink-driving novocheboksarca appears in court
Resident of Chuvashia will be on trial for the murder of his own child.
In Cheboksary completed an investigation of the criminal case against women 31-летней Novocheboksarsk, only in death of negligence.
The investigation established that this July 26 obvinyaemaya along with chetyrehmesyachnym son arrived at the celebration of the birth of a child to Cumae in Cheboksary.
After a long festive dinner novocheboksarca decided to stay in the guest, and a child to bed.
When he woke up and cried at night, netrezvaya woman put it next to him on the bed to breast feed, but soon asleep.
During sleep ndlas woman on her son, with the result that he died from suffocation.
The criminal case, the press service of SC TFR of Chuvashia, is aimed at the court.
Inflation got out of the holiday.
Whether the Russians feel a sharp rise in prices
As a result of Western sanctions and Russian inflation in Russia will not believe in the government forecasts, analysts at VTB Capital.
According to the experts, the delayed effects sanctions will lead to inflationary shocks in the first quarter of 2015, writes RBC Daily.
According to a recent forecast of Economic Development, inflation in 2014 will be 6.5 to 7.5 percent, in the next year and even less - 6.5%.
However, according to the newspaper Kommersant, this week's Economic should make "small but fundamental adjustments in the macroeconomic forecast up to 2017.
According to the magazine, the agency can lower inflation estimate for the year 2015, that would eliminate the expected income growth fiasco.
The forecast was that the Russian food sanctions are a year until August 2015.
As in a situation like this one could assume such high inflation?
The current situation suggests a one-off shock, but downtrends inflation trend will not change," said a source in the newspaper.
Economists of VTB Capital does not share the government's financial and economic bloc on inflation expectations and forecast price growth in 2014 at 8%.
The main effect of food bans will come together with the introduction of the sales tax in the regions of the Russian Federation, the NRS possible in 2015, convinced experts.
Inflation will peak at 9% in February, after which the annual rate of price growth will go on recession, some experts believe.
By the way, last week, Rosstat, let us down, the first inflation results after Russia imposed a "neat sanctions."
АиФ.ru interviewed experts and found their inflation expectations.
Artem Dees, head of the department of FC Securities:
Rising prices are already on the key product segments.
Moreover, when socially important products have become more expensive, the government has been forced to launch system monitoring measures price stability, in order to prevent the risks of rising prices in the short term.
Suppliers and retailers already report on a daily basis before regulators the power to know exactly who, when and for what reason initiates price increases.
The key factors of the growth of the consumer price index continues to be a colossal rate of capital flight, excessive refinancing of the banking sector by the Russian fits, internal conversion because of population flight in foreign currency, as well as an embargo on the import of food products from countries acceded to the sanctions against Russia.
If inflationary pressures remained under control, the cost of a basket of a minimum set of products not only shot on 12% for one quarter.
The ban on import of food products caused shock proposals on the domestic market and led to a coherent conception of the final cost.
Because at this stage we cannot run the mechanism of import substitution, as well as increasing self-sufficiency in full of the Russian market at the expense of domestic production, retaliatory sanctions will continue to bear the risks of rising inflationary component.
If you add here yet and fiscal reasons related to the lack of confidence in the national currency, as well as worsen growth prospects, by the end of this year, inflation may well exceed 8%.
Alexander Razuvaev, Director of Research "commitment"
In the 1990s, inflation sometimes reached zero 20-30% per month, she was also higher than the current level, it is another matter that then it offset rapid economic growth.
I think, at the end of the year inflation will reach 8-8.5%.
Plato Maguta, asset manager of the Criminal Code "Maguta Foundation
The external factor associated with sanctions against Russia, while successfully contained, but if there will be further pressure, first of all, the financial sector - this can lead to certain difficulties and increase the population's inflationary expectations, which usually has traditionally been manifested in shopping cash currency in order to protect their savings.
You can assume that the government, the Central Bank of the Russian Federation and the Ministry of Finance will soften the smooth weakening of the ruble, both market practices and government regulation.
But price growth begins after the summer lull, and perhaps this fall, will become more tangible.
7.5% target level of consumer inflation in Russia is likely to fall, as the Russian Federation has more financial savings.
Dem centers grieve from a decline in the number of homeowners
This fall, the exclusive reduction in the number of homeowners aged less than 35 years, may cause that dem centers will begin to lose tens of millions of pounds a year, when today's young consumers reach the age of HTA gardening," according to the study, about which the Financial Times reported.
According to this report, people, housing, spend an average of 55 percent of the amount that the owners spend their own homes on gardening.
There is an increase in the number of people living in areas without gardens, asphalting popularity vysokourbanizirovan yards in front of the house for parking and a reduction in the size of the garden as other factors, bearing a threat for the industry, whose annual sales, an estimated £5 billion.
In London, where the number of homeowners fell from 61 percent to 43 percent over the past six years, the lowest in the UK, the level of spending on the household goods for gardeners.
HTA and Royal Horticultural Society reported that housing rent and the lack of space for the garden does not mean that people cannot grow plants.
Guy Barter, RHS gardening chief adviser, said: "growing plants in containers, for example, is especially popular among tenants, which can carry plants with him, when travel."
HTA report identified the period between 1997 and 2005 as the "golden age" of retail trade in goods for gardening as a result of an increase in the number of homeowners and economic prosperity since the late 1980s to mid-1990s.
It also predicted that the market will improve this year thanks to more good weather after the adverse conditions in March and April of last year.
The Ministry of Agriculture of Bulgaria held a mass purge in the fund "Zemledelie"
Three out of four of the "Zemledelie" have been replaced by another on Friday.
In total, three out of four of the "Zemledelie" were replaced by another on Friday.
Officially the Bulgarian Agriculture Ministry reported only about the removal from office of Executive Director of icon-paintings Dobrev.
His place has won Lozana Vasileva.
It turned out that Friday have quietly been superseded and two out of three deputy executive directors of the fund.
Liberated Deputy Executive Director Tatiana Angelov, which until this time was responsible for state aid and the SAPARD program, BGNES reports with reference to the newspaper Trud."
I have not attended the Governing Council fund, according to the law, because we are not members of the leadership, but I was told later that I was liberated.
I can't say why, about my dismissal is not reported on the Web site of the fund.
I'm on vacation.
I hope that the publication of Angela know more on Monday," said.
Her place will take Ivanka Bagdat, which was still Head of Investment credited" in "Zemledelie" in the central fund in Sofia.
Deputy Executive Director Nikolai Dachev also was released.
Until that moment, he was responsible for direct subsidies for the fields of the EU.
In his place will be appointed as France and T.Zhivkov Milanov, who was the head of the Regional Fund "Zemledelie" in the city of Veliko Tarnovo until January 2014.
His post has only Deputy Head Atidje AlievaVeli Fund.
Currently, she is responsible for the Rural Development Program.
The official cause of all changes in the office are not mentioned.
Turkey is an American diplomat in connection with a message about espionage
Turkey's Foreign Ministry has caused a senior American diplomat in the country itself for clarification in connection with the report about the American and British spy in Turkey.
Deputy Prime Minister Bülent reported that the U.S. attorney in the case, and Turkish officials discussed the message on Monday.
The German magazine Der Spiegel" and "The subtitles "internet magazine reported that documents provided by former US National Security Agency analyst Edward Snowden, show that Turkey was a priority of intelligence for American and British intelligence services.
According to the Turkish news agencies, Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan preumenshil the importance of this message, saying that all leading countries spying on each other.
The information that Germany's main intelligence agency also made Ankara object soobschavshayasya earlier intelligence, caused more live response from the Turkish government.
Major Chinese companies were united against Alibaba
Chinese companies, including China's largest commercial real estate developer Dalian Wanda Group and Tencent Holdings internetgiants socety messenger, etc., and Baidu, China's largest search engine, create a company, which will compete in the online market with Alibaba.
But catch up with a miracle of the Chinese Internet, which left behind even their American rivals - eBay and Amazon.com, will not be easy.
The largest
The company plans to invest 5 billion yuan in the joint venture, the $814 million, 70% of it will belong to Wanda and by 15% - each of Internet companies, Wanda Group said in the message.
To register a company is planned in Hong Kong.
The venture will bring together Baidu search services with the popular social platform WeChat, the largest socity in China, the number of users, of which about $438 million Wanda, Tencent and infrastructure.
In addition to the network of 40 hotels Wanda Group manages at least 49 objects of commercial real estate throughout China and 40 shopping centers.
Last year the company invested 50 billion yuan, more than $8 billion in construction of the studio and theme park in Qingdao, a city in eastern China on the banks of the Yellow Sea.
It is expected that the project will attract more than 1 million visitors annually and profitable at $960 million
Besides Wanda belongs to the American theater chain AMC Entertainment Holdings, making the company the largest operator of cinemas in the world.
By 2015 Wanda plans to equip all her shopping centers, hotels and places of entertainment services, e-commerce, the development of which will just create rival Alibaba.
According to Dong Ce, who will lead the new company, thanks to the unification Wanda will be able to increase the number of users of its e-commerce services from the current 40 million to 100 million by next year.
The new playground should become the world's largest online-to-offline platform, says Dong Ce.
The essence of the online-to-offline, or O2O commerce is attracting buyers on the Internet so that they come in ordinary oflainmagaziny or bought other traditional services.
A classic example of O2O services by selling coupons like Groupon or Vigoda.ru.
"O2O - the largest "pie" in onlincommercii," said Wanda chief Wang Jianlin quote on Bloomberg.
"Right now there are no real O2O platform in China, and in this situation, the chances for everyone are roughly equal," he said.
The Chinese e-commerce market is the largest in the world, and, according to estimates by McKinsey & Co., its volume will increase by more than three times by 2015 compared to 2011, to $395 billion
The number of Chinese Internet users rose to 632 million, official statistics results in Bloomberg data: This is more than the population of any country in the world, with the exception of India.
And according to forecasts, already by 2015, that number could grow up to 850 million people.
The richest
The head of Tencent Ma Huateng until recently was the richest man in China, however, according to the Bloomberg index agency millionaires, Alibaba founder Jack Ma has already surpassed it at $5.5 billion
The state of Jack Ma is estimated at $21.8 billion, of which $11 billion of its stake in Alibaba.
Baidu chief executive Robin Li now ranks third among China's richest men, while Wang Jianlin of Wanda's fourth ranked.
"for this fight very interesting to observe: The three richest people together to challenge even more rich," said Cao Lei, Bloomberg Director of the Chinese e-commerce research center in Hangzhou.
But he believes that the new company is unlikely to be able to seriously compete with Alibaba immediately after the establishment: "Rome is not built in a day."
The fact that Alibaba doesn't - then just compete not only new companies, but also deserved leaders the world online, published on the eve of a report about Alibaba financial results for the last quarter.
Alibaba is often described as something between eBay and Amazon.com, but from April to June, the Chinese company earned more than both of her American rival combined.
Alibaba net profit for the period is almost two times more than a similar summed competitors - she grew almost three times a year and amounted to $1.99 billion
"Alibaba still has huge potential to generate money, largely thanks to its mobile apps," Bloomberg said an analyst report from the Hong Kong Arete Research Service.
According to the updated Alibaba Avenue on the website of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, the number of active mobile users of the company's services in July totaled 188 million, which significantly exceeds the March figure of 163 million.
At the same time, Alibaba 32.8% of all transactions in the past quarter had on mobile devices.
Alibaba will call the value of their shares before the IPO.
According to the average estimate of 11 analysts surveyed by Bloomberg, the company may be priced in the $187 billion after the sale of the shares.
According to sources, Bloomberg, Alibaba on the New York Stock Exchange, NYSE debut could take place as early as September 16.
The company's road-show, prior to this event, starts on September 3.
It is expected that the Alibaba IPO will be a record in the history of the NYSE and will allow the company to attract about $20 billion
So far, the record for money raised on US exchanges belonged to Visa payment system, which conducted the initial public offering of its shares in 2008, earning $17.9 billion on this
At least half of the food trade networks must be produced in Russia, deputies of the State Duma believe.
They have developed a bill on the subject.
We are talking about changes in Article 8 of the Law "On the basis of state regulation of trade in Russia and in the Tax Code.
The purpose of the document is the introduction of protective measures against Russian food producers.
An important clarification, according to the draft law, must be at least 50 percent of the products of domestic production in the shops on every kind of goods.
However, the document will take into account that there are products that are not produced in Russia, for example, fruit and vegetables in the winter, so the "discount" will be made for them to avoid possible discomfort for buyers.
At the same time a draft law makes the change and the Tax Code of the Russian Federation, establishing stealth characteristics of the VAT rate of 10% of all food products, of which Russia is a country of origin, the Izvestia newspaper reports.
On August 27 in the lower house of parliament was introduced a draft law amending the Federal Law "On retail markets," which offers to revive farmers' markets in Russia, where small producers will be able to sell their products.
The police boss Magaluf charged with corruption
The plaintiffs have presented evidence of extortion by police officers and officials of the municipality Calvi in the office of public prosecutor de Mallorca on Friday.
Police chief Calvin on the resort island Mallorca was arrested as a result of corruption allegations from businessmen and owners of bars, a center of unbridled drunkenness Magaluf.
Chief Inspector Jose Antonio Navarro was placed into custody as a result of the corruption charges against him in a few businessmen from Punta Ballena, streets, on which it is most Magaluf bars and nightclubs.
According to the daily Diario onlinizdania Mallorca, the plaintiffs have presented evidence of extortion by police officers and officials of the municipality Calvi in the office of the prosecutor de Mallorca to combat corruption on Friday.
Another two local police officers were arrested guardians Spain's National Guard will be interrogated in connection with allegations of corruption and the judge with Navarro.
Spanish daily newspaper ABC reported that the owners of nightclubs say that protectionism on the part of the authorities seriously reflected on the state of their business.
"It is no longer about how to make money, it is about how to survive," said one of the businessmen on trial.
You cannot jeopardize our livelihoods.
We have nothing to lose.
Magaluf got in the international press headlines this summer after a popular video on YouTube in which he was shown the 18-year-old British campers, silversmith fellatio on 24 men during the race bars.
The authorities of the island since then try to stop hooliganism in drink-driving among vacationers Magaluf negating to a minimum number of scandalous known alcoholic doing the bars.
In addition, the club Playhouse, where the incident occurred with DEEPTHROAT, was forced to close for a year, while the Playhouse and Carnage bars race organizers have together been fined €55,000 at $73000.
The tourist resort of Magaluf, mostly, popular among young British vacationers, was also the site of numerous accidents under the influence of alcohol related to crazy fun, known as "balconing," when people jump from one balcony to another or from a balcony in the hotel pool.
On the first day of spring is wet and vetrenymi conditions, circumstances on flights to Adelaide Airport
Spring prepared a cold surprise in the southern part of South Australia, bringing heavy rains and strong winds, which affected flights at Adelaide Airport.
Another 5 mm of rain fell on the city in the evening to 9 p.m., in the wake of 6.6 mm, which fell for Sunday night.
The latest rain was preceded by a couple of short showers with poryvistsm wind, including a storm nachalalasl shortly before 8 p.m. and vylila nearly 4 mm in about 10 minutes.
After the winter to early spring of last week, the temperature fell again on Monday to the maximum in 15,8C in the city.
Shkvalistse conditions, as expected, was one of the reasons for the delay planting Virgin Airlines flight from Melbourne to Adelaide.
The plane was to land on schedule shortly after 7: 30 p.m., but got into a zone of wind shear -- sudden changes in wind speed or direction on a short distance - and was forced to gain height.
Wind gusts reached 50 km/h on the ground in Adelaide Airport at this time.
Flight data showed that the plane had to gain height during the second landing, and the plane, in the end, landed around 8: 40 pm.
This flight delay caused the delay of several other flights, including the Emirates flight from Dubai and Qantas flight from Sydney.
Maximum hit forecast in Adelaide on Tuesday with the probability of one or two showers.
The calculation of the construction projects in the Russian Federation will be in a new way
Pricing issues, regulation of the construction industry, as well as the problems of connectivity, the Federal Antimonopoly Service takes on a special control.
The FAS created by expert advice on the development of competition in the construction sector.
At its meeting of management control of housing, construction and natural resources FAS Vadim Solovyov said that "today's settlement construction estimate of interest is absolutely incomprehensible."
The regulatory framework does opaque pricing and can lead to unjustified price of construction, believe in FAS.
And offer the construction costs of the property at the design stage set on the basis of market prices constructive solutions instead used today estimated norms and unit prices on the technological operations.
The proposals made in the "road map" and are now under consideration in the Common Economic Space.
"replacing the traditional estimate documentation in construction on settlements constructive elements should lead to less corruption in the industry, the Russian State Library Vadim Solovyov explained.
But now the estimate rankings every bolt and nut, and not always possible to check, so sometimes unscrupulous construction companies in the documentation can zakopat "whole tractor."
The Common Economic Space with FAS agree.
"The first developments on the transition to the calculation of the value of the constructive elements already has: The price of constructive solutions developed methods of convenience, of the Smet of these areas," said Elena Zhukova Minstroi RSL" the head of the department of urban planning and architecture.
As the pilot selected as the sphere of road construction.
However, experts believe that the problem is much more serious.
As the head of the construction company "Profiinvest Anatoly Demian told the Russian State Library, land-use regulations long obsolete, but another business mechanism has not yet proposed.
As for the proposed settlements on the constructive elements, in practice it is hard implementable, because the building is often used very different technologies," he said.
It is no secret that stroyrynok is largely due to goszakazu.
According to the chairman of the board of the NP "Judgment Catherine Lezina procurement professionals, today the state is the most effective customer.
The engineering industry center of capital construction Rosatom Vladimir Malakhov drew attention to the fact that today the market conditionally divided into the company, which has access to the portfolio of contracts, and the companies that own monopolies competencies and does not allow for this field of competitors.
He believes that the creation of a transparent market is possible only when access to contracts will be ring-fenced from someone's managing impact.
The expert council was asked to form a procurement system so that the same performer is not entitled to receive more than one contract worth more than 1 billion rubles, or several contracts worth more than 1 billion rubles.
In the Common Economic Space believe that this approach should be evaluated in terms of the impact on the business, as well as construction management efficiency.
As Elena Zhukova, in which case it will be explained to the customer's general contractor functions that will lead to an increase in the number of the customer and spending on its content.
At the same time, the customer will have to have the knowledge to assess the quality of work, as well as their security companies.
Often the breakdown will need to determine who will be responsible for the safety of the object as a whole.
In addition, this approach may result in the outflow of highly skilled participants state in receipt of public order in connection with nesainteresovanty on part-time work and a small amount of the contract.
The deputy head of the expertnoconsultationnogo center of the Institute of Purchasing Alexander Evstashenkov believes that the procurement procedure now turned into a business game on smoked contractor.
And cited this example: "participant when filling out applications must specify "specific performance" without words:" or the equivalent," "should," "the," "more," "less," "analogue"," or "no," "type," "the same type," below," "below," "higher," "may," "could," "may," "before," "no," "not higher,"" is not allowed," etc.
Thus, customers often abuse their right to establish requirements for the content of the application, the companies.
Another problem 44-ФЗ, according to Evstashenkova, was the need to assess the application stage more quality work through the "paper" proposal.
Considering the application of the participant, really can be assessed only qualified as a contractor, but not the quality of work, to which not even began, the expert said.
The quality of the works can be assessed only with their acceptance.
The expert council also was asked to move the income of the top margin in the lower echelon, intermediate contractors have disappeared.
Chairman of the Expert Council, Secretary of State, deputy head Andrei FAS Tsarikovsky believes that it should not do, as responsible for order must click.
And would, as in the famous reprise Arkady Raikin "Atelier": "to pugovitam claims there?"
Israeli children return to school after the war in the Gaza Strip
Thousands of Israeli children in the areas close to the Gaza Strip went back to school on Monday, after a summer in bombproof shelters when rockets and mines rain fell on their settlements during the 50-day war between Israel and Hamas, while schools in the Gaza Strip were closed during the territory was recovering after the fighting.
The school has brought a sense of joy and excitement to victims of missiles settlements in southern Israel, but traces of the fighting remained fresh.
In the southern city of Ashdod kindergarten staff "Pashos," which was hit by a rocket, the traces of shrapnel from the walls and children's slides before the arrival of the disciples.
"We're a little bit afraid, but will be happy to look into the future," said Ronit Bart, resident of Kibbutz Saad and an English teacher at his school.
Many children in our district really needs to return to a quiet life.
Her 11-year-old daughter, shani Bart, said that "a bit strange" suddenly start school again.
"It was a difficult time, and we don't come out of their homes," she said.
President Reuven Rivlin visited the kibbutz, which is located near the border with Gaza, to express their support.
Before the ceasefire agreement stopped the war last week, thousands of residents of border settlements, such as Saad, were not on the street or are displaced from their homes, leaving in safer areas further from the Gaza Strip to escape from the rocket fire and the first one.
Many residents cheeky Oz, a settlement near the border with the Gaza Strip, where a Palestinian mines killed a 4-year-old boy, doubt that they should go back.
The Ministry of Education reported that about a dozen families still have not returned.
Their children sent to other schools at this time.
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu visited a school in Sderot, a town on the border with the Gaza Strip, which greatly postaradal from Palestinian fire.
He told the children to carefully study and said: "We will do our best to give you the knowledge and ensure your safety."
Israel and Hamas have agreed to an indefinite truce in last Tuesday.
The ceasefire agreement immediately ended combat operations, but the key issues remained unresolved, for example, Hamas demands the withdrawal egiptoisraelskoi blockade of Gaza and the opening of airports and sea ports in the Gaza Strip.
Israel wants Hamas to folded arms and returned the bodies of two Israeli soldiers killed in the war.
It is expected that a new stage of indirect negotiations will begin later this month in Egypt.
The war killed more than 2,100 Palestinians, including three quarters were civilians, and at least 494 child, according to estimates by the Palestinian side and the UN.
Israel disputes these figures and argues that at least half of the dead were militants; despite this, he has provided substantial evidence supporting this claim.
On the Israeli side, 66 soldiers and six civilians, including one Thai worker were killed.
During the fighting, Hamas and other Gaza militants released 4591 unit of mines and rockets on Israeli cities, mainly in the south of the country.
The Israeli army, meanwhile, has conducted more than 5,000 air and other attacks.
As a result of Israeli attacks were damaged and destroyed thousands of homes in the Gaza Strip, and it is estimated that 250,000 people have found refuge in more than 100 schools that had been converted into shelters.
Due to the fact that tens of thousands of people were still in shelters, and the fighting continued, the officials responsible for education, last week delayed the start of the school year.
"I hope that the school will be launching soon, so we were able to finish our education, as the children around the world and Jewish children," said Mohammad Amara, a 13-year-old boy, who now lives in one of Gaza's schools.
According to popular criterion, real estate prices showed the largest winter growth for seven years.
RP Data CoreLogic Hedonic for home prices in the Australian capital city home price index rose 1.1 percent in August, the RP data reported on Monday.
This growth has led to a cumulative increase for June, July and August at 4.2 percent, the largest increase for the winter months since 2007.
The annual price growth was 10.9 percent, more than twice exceeding the growth for the 12 months to August 2013, but the increase was not evenly distributed across the country.
RP Data research director Tim Lawless said that Sydney and Melbourne are fighting the duplex market.
RP Data figures show that house prices in Sydney rose 16.1 percent over the last year, while in Melbourne is 11.7 percent.
Following the power markets were Brisbane, Adelaide and Darwin, where prices rose an average of five to six percent.
Canberra was at the other end of the scale, on which through government spending cuts, where prices rose by just 1.4 percent for the year.
Mr Lawless said that now, when spring began, there will be an increase in the number of properties for sale in the next few months, that will be the real test for the market.
"given the current high levels of speed auction sales, overall sales high speed and current conditions with low interest rate, perhaps, that the cost of housing will increase over the next three months," he said.
How people live in the old house of Ufa
In the former home of Goldminers and 57/1 gornozavodchikov Evdokia and his son Ivan Demidova on the street of the October Revolution, the former Great Kazan 18 apartments.
The house since the 18th century buildings never changed, if not considered decrepit.
People go here, as on the tour, and the tenants suffer more than rejoice, from their privileges - the right to live in the oldest Ufa home, whose walls recall commander Alexander Suvorov.
The date of the house;, historians point to two dates - 1730 and 1737 years.
But in any case, it turns out that the building for almost 300 years.
The old courtyard, the door is always open, squeaky staircase.
The doors in the apartments are located close together, the walls were cracked, and in the margins, low-ceilinged plaster over the street.
It seems that everything rests on the honest word.
But local residents claim: "you don't think that it is."
Is very difficult to live in a wooden house in the 18th century," said Tatiana according, resident of the apartment, No. 3.
The object is located on gosohrane, but no money on its content stands out for decades, and we feel the museum exhibits that the authorities simply forgotten.
The last renovation was 40 years ago.
The walls still hudobedno themselves, but the foundation for the whole prognil.
Many residents still go to the toilet on the street, and washed once a week in a public bath.
How can I be satisfied in such circumstances?
The road passes directly under the windows, even if there is no pedestrian zone.
Tatiana raises up the curtain.
Now you can see what was previously heard only: The windows; the flow of cars.
You see, glass drebezjat constantly, cannot open the windows, and the noise are accustomed to.
Man, everything gets used to the good and bad.
Our model, thanks to her husband, his hands more gold.
Moreover, two rooms with us, live together with his son.
While other families have the conditions much worse, a little more than 1.5 metres tall ceilings on the second floor at all.
For contrast Tatiana offers log in visitors to a neighbor of the apartment No. 6 Lyudmila Starostina.
Nice and warm and friendly woman with the threshold for a cup of coffee with a sad smile says:
We have a one-bedroom apartment, 14.5 m² for four people, as well as live: We are with her husband and daughter with her granddaughter.
I am here since birth, another floor has never been seen before," Lyudmila obvodit room eyes: The mezzanine, two sofas letter "g"; one of them is granddaughter with your laptop.
Very closely and differs little from a domestic interior: Only beautiful ceilings, "historic."
But the ceiling regularly flows: The plumbing system is no good.
Lyudmila speaks of his apartment and simply wonder at the same time, as the Italian, whose house is on the Roman ruins.
That is the one thing is very old and recent, everyday and legendary:
The plumbing spent about 40 years ago during the last repair.
At the same time, made us a small kitchen in zakutke and toilet from former chulan.
We live in a time where kvartal Demidov servants lived with his family, on the second floor.
Our apartment is not privatized, and why?
The Real Estate Center of Ufa said privatization does not matter.
Still get only one-room apartment, cannot claim more.
Already four months ago promised us resettle, but further promises with no matter.
Not used to complain and won't.
In this apartment room! Lived a whole dynasty: My grandparents, my mom and dad, I with my husband and my daughter with her granddaughter.
Everything happened during that time.
For example, big rats running around the kitchen.
Look at the walls of the wing, they one-meter thickness.
They say that solution was involved on eggs, so stay so long.
The house is thorough Demidov, thanks!
Perhaps, but so far no one killed a crumbling battlement ceiling or svey.
The only building still slowly dying before our eyes: The board and a log houses rot floors have repeatedly failed, we are drenched in cement, but all in vain - solution into the earth, as well.
They say, and there is the las under our room and move to the White River, which is specially made old Believers once lived here, so you can take shelter from danger, in which case.
Their harassment.
Lyudmila Starostina says, as a historian, pleading it came to him, so he began excavations in the apartment.
And then urged to give them housing space in exchange for its odnu on October Avenue.
Lyudmila historian denied:
Where we kadawe in odnu?
And here at the tiny hope is, that will give more spacious accommodation.
Agree on the exchange, nothing we wouldn't have won.
However, the family Starostin anything and didn't win.
Ludmila's biggest dream to be settled, the 16-year-old granddaughter and daughter was given a separate room.
That is, the two families have identified a two-room apartment instead of the most majestic ruins, in which two generations live now.
Pretty girl, miniature Olesya Karsakov of apartments, No. 11 and 12 shows the second floor of the house.
There are a total of 23 m², called apartments, two close comatus lives of her family.
Seven people around us, two children.
They see, what are the conditions.
Plaster by rainfalls pieces, as well as window frames, end-to-end holes in the walls in the kitchen and bathrooms.
Only cold water in the crane all year round.
A dash of the Ufa's old home, you can make sure that the most fortunate spouses Lavrentyev from the apartment No. 4.
They have the most spacious rooms on the first floor.
You are right, there are many places!
The premises in 75 squares, the three men.
We live just in those rooms, where according to legend was Suvorov during his stay in Ufa, the head of the family Alexander Dmitrievich Lavrentyev says.
High ceilings, spacious.
One bad - everything apart at the seams, falling apart, is breaking down.
Neighbors have probably already told!
The most suffering at us with wooden floors: Boards decayed, the earth literally went from under the feet.
I bet a stand, wedges; in the audience still nothing, while in another room kachaemsya walk, as on a swing, so all the motions.
The merchant's house Demidova Evdokia Alexander Dmitrievich can tell better than any guide.
By zolotopromyshlenniku applies to the native, says about him with great admiration.
Indeed, the person was extraordinary: The owner of the Kagin and feature plants built houses, otal guns and bells, kept Ural mines.
The heirs of the real estate cupecheskoy ancestor proud, but do not want to live under one roof with a history of more.
I settled here, even as a child in the forties of the 20th century," said Alexander Dmitrievich.
Then there were wooden rooms for its accomplishments, barn and karaole booth, later seene.
In 1968, wanted to remove and prevent our house, but something...
The story again in 2014: Poma new housing again.
We, as a team, collected all documents, obegal necessary instance, and suddenly learned that moving the apartment is on the year 2015 or 2016.
Something doesn't believe in all this...
Two years ago Lavrentyev went in the Ministry of Culture of the Republic of Bashkortostan, to learn the fate of their homes.
Officials did not accept the occupier.
Sent from one table to another, and then, as a mockery, issued no signature and printing paper: "Ministry of Culture did not oppose moving tenants."
I have a feeling that our house has not even in terms of the city, because he was under the number 57, then became 57 A, now 57/1.
As if it has already been demolished in the 1970s.
"Russian planet," Ufa Vladimir Barabash turned to the head of the sector of the work on the land.
The house on the street of the October Revolution, 57/1 is included in the dilapidated housing resettlement program.
I cannot be responsible for the actions of officials from the 1970s, only know that at the time there was a plan for the demolition of the old houses, despite the historical significance.
Fortunately, that didn't happen, and the decision of the authorities is to restore the old house on the street of the October Revolution of architectural value," successfully executed.
Tenants in the near future it is planned to resettle on new apartments.
According to Barbash, Demidova House will restore Italian experts who participated in the restoration of buildings in Venice.
Now the architectural Biennale in Italy, and the "Old Ufa" project presented there among others.
I hope that by 2016, all former Old Kazan Street will be restored," said the official.
The house will get a proper view, the fact that was before, three centuries ago.
House Demidova, most likely, will become a museum, open to all comers.
In addition, the government decided to make the weekend pedestrian street.
In everyday life, unfortunately, doesn't work, too much workload of roads in the city.
Resettle people from the future of the museum, Vladimir Barabash promises in 2015.
However, it is unlikely that they will be happy: Their new apartments will be the same size as today's.
Only from another era.
In Primorye because of a storm started a wildfire
A dry thunderstorm caused a forest fire on the territory of the forestry Pojar hunting of the Primorye region.
In place of ignition is grouping buildup of forces and means.
According to the manual KGAS "Primorskaya Air Base," unilaterally on fire conditions require the involvement of aviation.
Vasily Medvedev, deputy chief air base:
The fire resulting in trudnodostupnoy terrain, discovered An-2 letchiknabludatel aboard the aircraft patrol at 3 per hectare.
Burning wood remains on the old Gorelnik.
A strong zachlamlennost territory and the steepness of the slope more than 45 degrees, the lack of suitable for landing desantnikovpozharnsh sites create significant difficulties in extinguishing.
The Mi-8 helicopter is needed.
The delivery of the air base An-2 plane and helicopter Mi-2 is difficult.
After the discovery of fire on the place were promptly planted 4 parachutistapozharnyh.
The main task of the experts is the fire-fighting and training grounds for the delivery of additional forces and firefighting tools.
In the area of lunch in the area of the village of Hunter's helicopter delivered desantnikapozharnsh 3.
As soon as a helicopter landing site in the fire area will be ready, the experts will be clamped down to the place of stews, reported on the website of the Primorye administration.
Lenny Henry: My father never hugged me.
Never said: "I love you"
Henry was one of seven children born into a family of immigrants from Jamaica in Dudley in the Midlands in 1958.
His father, who died when Henry was 19, worked at the factory, and their relations were limited.
Henry rehearsing a comedy, "Rare "Rudy," which is partly based on imaginary conversations with his father and grew out of a series of broadcasts on Radio 4.
The soundtrack is a mix of reggae and rap, and melodies - are.
However, Henry had to get through some difficult memories of childhood.
After his mother's death was "a lot" of treatment, in addition, Henry often mused about the relationship with his father.
He was very inaccessible.
You never saw his face, you only hear his voice: "stop make noise.
Otani from sisters.
Sevele!
I want to watch cricket.
My older brothers, Seymour and Hilton, who were adults when I was a child, went with him in the pub and talked about such things as a form of beer glasses, the beauty of the strike in cricket.
I never talked with him as well.
He was such a neulybchivym guy in the corner, who read a newspaper, a large part of my life.
Henry recently opened a workshop in Dudley and cast, although the conditions were better than in the days of his father, he was able to look at it, which must have had his life.
Now there is a little bit better, but it is dark, dense, the depth of the labyrinth of Sheol outbreaks of fire and smoke and soot heap.
My father salal in the bath and just lay there, and you have heard, as he slowly begins to sing to myself, because he wanted to myte from the foundry workshop.
When I came back, I realized that he did it for years and years to earn us on food, and I began to appreciate it more.
Nevertheless, Henry came from childhood devoid of parental love.
My father never hugged, never said, "I love you."
Only when my mother became ill at the end of her life, we began to say: "I love you, I love you, I love you.
The birth of her own daughter, Billie, from Don French, allowed him to share the love that he lacked as a child.
You can stop it, "I love you"?
Just stop hug me!
Dad, I 22!
With Don French.
Why not me with her friends?
She's a great mom
They are still great friends with the French, to whom he was married for 25 years.
Don is a good man.
Why would I not friends with Don?
She is a great mother.
The mother of Henry had diabetes.
He was the one that killed her.
So, when I recovered very, very strong and I had the symptoms of diabetes, my doctor said, "you need to take radical action.
Then I started serious pitence lessons, and I also had to sit on a strict diet to get rid of the symptoms.
It is very hard.
And it's boring.
No one eats carrots.
Change of career trajectory Henry reflected, perhaps in his noble, briefly podstrigennoy bode.
Since he received the recognition of critics for his music, he was completely in a theater.
"A Comedy of errors," and then "Polyvinyl Gregory Wilson followed.
This work is different from sitcoms and comedies that were "roofing pie" aspect of his rich professional life.
He started his career, when he was 16 and worked at the factory.
Disc jockey noticed how he parodies on stage, and wrote about it in "New Faces."
His career in television began in the mid seventies: "for quite a while I was the only black parodist/comic on television."
He studied at work.
I not only had to grow up before the eyes of the public, I had to learn how to be an effective vehicle for delivering jokes between 1975 and 1985, being a star, working on television, and it was very hard.
Lennie in "New faces" in 1975
As his manager had the right to "Black and White minstrels show," a light entertainment program, in which people "vilifying a face," Henry found what is in it for five years.
My family is not like that.
I, like, want to ensure that this never was with me, but I don't regret that it did.
Although it was a strange, a condemnation of the position, I worked for large venues and learned to work with a crowd.
But that was "the light entertainment awards classics on British television was years and years," and "a grotesque parody of black people."
Introducing the characters and rattle the black culture in the UK, and chanted it, Henry worked in the alternative comedy project in the eighties.
The first season "Lenny Henry Show" broadcast in 1984, and in the 1990s he was known as, among other things, the chef Gareth Blacklock of the comedy series "Ngoc!."
Commercials, documentaries, television shows and roles in film took over the next ten years of his life, but after his series on the BBC in 2008 "LennyHenry.tv Len," he thought, "that you are going to do next, because it seems that a little bit, that you are the effect of time or quietly svoracivaesh aside."
Next was a series of broadcasts on Radio 4 documentary called "What good...?"
The first was about Shakespeare.
I had a real allergy on Shakespeare.
This is not to say that I wasn't taught in school, and I thought that this is, in many ways, the prerogative of white middle-class people with his nylons and cabbage at the bottom of the front.
So I really feared him.
Everything, from whom we took an interview for the transfer of Peter Hall, Trevor Nunn, Adrian Lester, Judi Dench, said: "you should try.
No rugy is, as long as you don't know what you are talking about.
Proiznesi aloud some of these words, and understand why we all love Shakespeare.
Henry read 20 rows of Othello for documentary transfer latest monologue, and his zatepilo.
I have the feeling that I can do it.
Like my head vypravili.
"That is what it is, this is a serious matter, otiis to this seriously, learn your text, spend a little research.
So, the rehearsal process was tough, and I read this play in the months and months before we put it.
And she has had success.
It seemed that they were waiting for the disaster, and it didn't happen.
Soon we started "a comedy of errors."
Suddenly I at the National Theatre, and I just couldn't believe it until the end.
There was a moment when I thought: "Oh, you've changed."
A technical problem, and Henry instinctively felt that his job is to entertain the public.
"quiet voice inside me said, "you have to work for 10 minutes, until they are repaired the computer."
Instead, the assistant director announced that representation will resume as soon as the problem will be solved.
I left the stage and something in me said, "Oh, thank God."
It is not my duty.
I can let someone else deal with it.
"You play in the play, stay in the role."
Henry in "flutter" in the theater Duchess
Learn the text for "fences" was difficult.
Panic is quite useful, it strengthens muscular relaxation.
It also took well, so it was like a sign from above, showing: "here's what you need to do."
He says it is, of course, of the voice.
So I need it.
I really love it.
I love to be in the hall repetition.
By the way, Henry still have the comedian thinking - all the way our conversation rebist flashes of humor, when he starts something, then finishes parody.
I just decided not to work in standp, because this thing with instant gratification from complete strangers room, I think, is quite dangerous.
If you are all the time to you, it can lead to a dead end.
I sometimes work in a "practical living on the Apollo," when I want, but, for the most part, I don't get such pleasure, as in the past.
I ask whether he will tour standup ever more.
The joy of sitting in the room with the director, who is helping to shape the beginning, the middle and the end of the road - I don't think that I ever relinquish it.
Then there is his new incarnation?
I think so.
I like to be an actor.
This is a nice game.
You're always talking about a story, and here is a great place to do this.
I love history.
People love stories.
Kenya registers civil servants, to identify "rabotnikovnevidimoc."
Kenya launched the biometric registration of all civil servants in an effort to remove "rabotnikovnevidimoc" from the government payroll.
Employees who do not enters over the next two weeks, will no longer pay, said in a government statement.
The government suspects that thousands of people continue to receive salaries after leaving public service.
President Uhuru Kenyatta has promised to reduce corruption in the government after it came to power in 2013.
Audit earlier this year found that, at least $1 million, £700,000 a month is due to "rabotnikamnevidimkam" payments and other financial irregularities.
The government suspects that wages continue to come into bank accounts, even after a person dies or leaves public service, according to a BBC reporter Wanyama Chebusiri from the capital, Nairobi.
All public servants should be within the next two weeks in the identification centres to ensure that their data will be collected by the biometric registration procedures, said in a government statement.
Anyone who does not do this without a valid reason, will be excluded from the payroll, said in it.
"this procedure will contribute to civil service rationalization, identifying the actual number of civil servants, and will also be used to purify the payment on both levels of government - therefore, puts an end to the problem of "rabotnikovnevidimoc," said Anne Waiguru, Cabinet Secretary planning and structuring of power.
Dozens of Turkish police officers arrested in connection with the "conspiracy" against the government
Only 33 police officers were detained in Turkey on suspicion of "conspiracy against the government," local news agencies report.
Police officials did not immediately commented this information.
Among those detained were 14 senior officers, according to the Daily News Saruhanli.
Some of them last December participated in events on the identification of corruption, which was aimed at checking government employees, including four government ministers.
In July, several Turkish police officers were arrested on suspicion in the creation of an organised crime gang and listening to your phone.
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan, who was prime minister at the time of their actions as part of the measures taken against him and other Islamic, those in power, the clergy Fethullah finally.
Not all children have returned to school in Ukraine
Schools in the greater part of Ukraine again opened its doors on Monday, September 1, after the summer holidays.
This day is traditionally a great event for families, and, like thousands of other Ukrainian parents, Prime Minister Arseny Yatseniuk took his daughter to school.
He said there expecting journalists that not all schools opened again, but that he would do everything possible to protect the country for future generations:
On September 1, the ceremony was held not in every school.
There is a peaceful sky over every part of Ukraine.
We must fight for the peaceful sky.
The whole Ukraine, a single Ukrainian People's Front, should fight for a peaceful sky.
Aleks Pastukhov, director of a school in Slavyansk in which the daughter went Yatseniuk, spoke in Russian.
We hope that the world will finally here, and that the children will get the knowledge that will be useful in their future lives.
On the first day of school traditionally celebrate the fact that children wear embroidered shirts, are kept in the hands of balloons and give flowers to their teachers.
In the face of the Rhône Fairhead BBC may have found such an impressive leader, who need it
For it is a stream of fame from the world of banking, media management and inner circles of the Tory party.
In fact, it has its own experience at governing.
Her career began in the global management consulting firm Bain and Co, and then continued in Morgan Stanley, Bombadier, ICI and the world's media in Pearsons.
She was the head of the Financial Times for seven years, gone into retirement, when high office in the parent company, Pearson's took collegamujcina, of a lower position.
It is said that its earnings is close to £1 million.
Her political rating also is durable.
It recommended that Lord Browne, the former BP chief David Cameron, when he tried to bring experts from the private sector in Whitehall: She became an adviser to the Cabinet.
Her husband, a former Tory adviser.
Earlier in May, I called the work of the chairman of the poisoned bowl.
The BBC is not only a huge and complex organisation in the heart of public life, but there is an internal paradox in its structure.
The Council has two directions: Inside the BBC itself as the top level management hierarchy, but also outside as the voice of public anxiety and excitement, when something goes wrong.
It's almost unreachable duopoly, which needs a radical reform.
But what the new president will take the risk to come, rastaptyvaya and destroying the institution as complex as the Chinese dynasty, if he himself will deprive themselves of the work in this process.
This is a difficult decision.
It is not so difficult, many people will be happy to see how the BBC will be reduced in size, following a review of its mandate, finance and status.
As competitors narrow circle and new technology challenge a comfortable old habits, the inevitable talks about the value of the licenses represent a special danger for the BBC.
For a modest sum of £145,50 per year the British have a stake in, definitely, the greatest media company in the world.
BBC tells a good story: She says that the results of its work cover 96 percent of households and cost each and every one of them just 40p a day.
Moreover, it is obvious that the Beeb's popularity is growing: 53 percent support it today against 31 percent 10 years ago.
BBC viewing and use models have changed: Now I get news headlines on a mobile phone and watch missed program on IPlayer.
But it remains a very popular and formidable institution.
He needs an impressive chairman - I hope it was him.
Perry of Texas says that humiliating tweet was written by outsiders
Tweet confirmed the account of the Republican Texas governor Rick Perry in the Sunday night offensive image district attorney from the Democrats, which is located in the heart of the criminal prosecution on charges of abuse of power.
The tweet was later deleted, and it was followed by another with Perry, in which this record was desauuirovana account.
Just from my account was published the tweet, which was written by outsiders.
"I don't approve of this tweet, and I removed it," said a later entry.
Perry aides did not immediately responded to messages requesting comment.
Although the records were loaded with Perry confirmed account, it is unclear who actually deals with the publication in the tape.
An earlier tweet contained unflattering a cartoon on Travis County prosecutor Rosemary Lemberg, which had been convicted for driving in a state of intoxication in April 2013.
Perry imposed a ban on funding for her office when she refused to leave, which led to large jury proceedings in Austin this month against Perry, who is a potential presidential candidate in the 2016 elections.
The signature in the tweet reads: "I don't always drive in a state of intoxication, 3 times exceeding the allowable level of alcohol in the blood, but when I do it, I am preplan accusations Governor Perry for what he tells me about it."
I am the most drunk Democrat in Texas.
The Lemberg not led an investigation involving a large jury against Perry.
It was Michael McCrum, a special prosecutor from San Antonio, who was appointed as sudgerespublicancem.
Perry pleaded not guilty and called the charges political ruse.
His powerful legal team asked the judge, leading the case, to dismiss the indictment, saying the law used to prosecute the governor of their responsibilities for the longest period in the history of Texas, opporunities, which is contrary to the constitution.
Perry stopped funding by $7.5 million from the State Department public control of the State of Texas, which is based in Travis county and is engaged in the prosecution of corruption in the public sector, when Lemberg refused to resign.
The veto has caused an official complaint from the public control group, which has left views.
The tape of Perry's account is updated frequently - and sometimes becomes famous.
Coming fifth at the party congress in Iowa during his presidential campaign in 2012, Perry responded to the rumors that he can get out of the game, publishing photo tweet itself, the next to the lake, and the words: "We, South Carolina!"
Berkeley reports that the real estate market went back to "normalcy."
One of London's most famous developers warned that the real estate market in the southeast of England "returned" to the normal level of activity.
The house in the capital were the subject of lively demand and rapidly rising prices, with fears that the credit bubble push the Bank of England is widely spread to set limits on mortgage loans in June.
Tony Pidgley, founder and chairman of the Berkeley elite construction company, on Monday said, "since the beginning of the current financial year the market returned to normal levels of transactions with the peak of 2013," adding that it provided "a stable working environment."
The London housing market excelled during the recession, as foreign buyers gathered in the capital.
Prices in the city jumped by 18.5 percent over the last year alone, according to the Land Cadastre 6.7 percent, significantly outpacing the average for England and Wales as a whole.
The average market price of private, affordable and student schemes Berkeley grew by about one fifth in the past year, reaching £423000 in late April.
However, the strengthening of the pound in recent months has made London real estate less attractive to foreign buyers, some of which also stopped the introduction of new taxes on real estate and political rhetoric around a potential "tax on mansions before general elections next May.
London real estate agency Foxtons last week warned that April reform of the mortgage market, on which were introduced more stringent conditions of the loan will also entail a reduction of market growth in both property transactions and prices in the second half of the year.
Fresh data from the Bank of England on Monday showed a fall in the number of mortgages approved in June, suggesting further cooling in the housing market.
Hamptons International, another real estate agency, cut its forecast of growth of prices on the London property for the year 2015 to 3 percent on the basis that the spirit of real estate prices have already started to wane.
The volume of transactions in the meantime fell by a quarter compared with the previous year in the most expensive areas of London, such as Chelsea, Mayfair and Kensington, according to the agency's WA Ellis.
Nevertheless, the demand for homes in the capital turned out to be very profitable for Berkeley, raising sales volumes on the amount above £2.2 billion.
Mr. Pidgley added: "the demand for the product with good design and the best location remained the same and, reflecting this, sales for the period were kept."
In June, the company reported that it sold 3742 new homes before the end of April this year - almost a third more than in the pre-crisis peak of 2007.
Annual profit before tax rose by 40 percent over the previous year to £380 million, income - 18 per cent to £1.6 billion
In a speech Monday before the company's annual meeting, Mr. Pidgley reported that the Berkeley revenues for this year will meet current market expectations.
According to the unanimous opinion of analysts expected profit for the whole year before tax of £450 million
Berkeley shares were at £23,96 in the second half of the day on the London Stock Exchange.
Jennifer Lawrence nude photographs published on the Internet a hacker
Jennifer Lawrence arrives on the annual award ceremony 85-ую Academy Award.
Nude photos of actress Jennifer Lawrence, the Oscar nomination," a "catalogue" of photos were posted on the Internet by a hacker, which assures that another 100 rising stars.
The representative of "hunger games" star confirmed that Lawrence photos are real, and condemned the hacker for "the brazen invasion of personal space."
Received treatment in law enforcement, and they will pursue anyone who publish the stolen photos of Jennifer Lawrence.
The photos, which were originally built on photo sharing website 4chan, presumably, were due to the lack of Apple's iCloud, and the proposed "catalogue" of hacking victims onlinhranenia system includes the names of a dozen jenschinznamenitostei, including Rihanna, Kim Kardashians, Mary Elizabeth Winsted and Mary-Kate Olsen, according to BuzzFeed.
It is not clear how many of these photographs were genuine, although Scott to Heaven against all" star Winsted in Twitter also condemned hacking.
"those who are looking at the photos, which we have done with her husband a few years ago, a comfy house," I hope you pride yourself," wrote Winsted in Twitter.
However, Victoria Justice of Nickolodeon series "iCarly" and "Victorious" she denied that the photos, writing on Twitter: "these so-called naked photo of me fake, people.
Let's stop this in the bud. * pun intentional *.
Buzzfeed reported in last Sunday that the representative of a pop star Ariana's Grande denied that the photo, which, presumably, it's true.
An exclusive excerpt from the new novel Howard Jacobson about love and the letter "J," the praise of critics
They vanish, the best way to say it, they gradually crumbled like a cardboard box, which was left in the rain.
But sometimes a woman told him that he is too serious, heavy in communication, heated indoor and, maybe, a little bit razdrajitelny.
And then she pogimala his hand.
He saw in his irritability.
He was a brier, a short hair, yes.
The latest victim of this koluchesti was a small novel, from which he was waiting for more than usual, getting rid of lonely and boring life, and perhaps even some satisfaction.
Ailinn Solomons was maintaining fragile beautiful with vzlohmacenmi hair and trepeschugim heart from the northern island village, even more remote and rugged than Port Reuben.
She came to the south from the younglady over themselves Kevern believed her aunt, while the latter has received in the inheritance of the house of crude, but like the Paradise Valley under the name "Ray Valley."
No one lived in the house for several years.
Pipes flowed in, in the bathtub sat motionless spider, slizni left their footprints on all windows, confident that the house belongs to them; a garden weeds, similar to the giant heads of cabbage.
It was like a cottage from children's books, both frightening and enchanting, with a garden full of secrets.
The author's opinion: Howard Jacobson, whose novel "J" is included in I Bukera Prize in 2014.
The shortlist will be announced next week
Kevern and Ailinn sat in, holding hands, broken sun loungers among high grass, enjoying a warm spring day; they both vaguely connected to cheap console, which for a country calming music and calming news, when brown legs crossed, looking at her, he remembered the old song long forgotten in a black artist liked to listen to his father, drooping curtains in the house.
You have too much leg.
Due to their inherent aggressiveness, this type of songs on the console will not lose.
They were not banned - nothing actually was forbidden - they just don't lose.
They have become as archaic as the word "archaic".
Public taste and did something that would never have been able to achieve and orders and regulations, as well as books include the memoirs from the rich people in poverty, cooking books and novels, from all the music they love ballads.
By this afternoon, Kevern began playing the piano and crude comic voice in the chanting Eileen big feet.
Eileen did not realise.
"It was a popular, the jazz pianist named fats Waller," he told her, mechanically, two fingers to his lips.
We always did his father to stop a letter "J," before she came from his lips.
It began with a game in which they played when he was little.
His father played in it with his father, as he told him.
Start with "J" word, forgetting to put two fingers to his mouth," and it will cost you pennies.
It was not a very fun game then, and it wasn't a lot of fun right now.
He knew that from him are waiting for this, that's all.
He had to explain what jazz is.
Elin never heard it.
Jazz, too, has not played, although he was not explicitly banned.
Improvisation went out of fashion.
In the life of the place left only one "if."
When the song began, people wanted to know exactly where it will end.
With wit in the same way.
His unpredictability acted to people on the nerves.
And jazz was wit, expressed through music.
Although he has reached the age of 10 years, never slishu about Sammy Davis younger, Kevern knew about jazz of paternal partially secret colletion CDs.
But at least he did not have to speak Eileen fats Waller was black.
Given her age, she hardly remembered a time when popular singers were not black.
Again, no laws or pressure.
The society was obedient, and this meant that each segment of his agreed with gratitude - gratitude those eventuating fate - with the principle of a group.
The people of th origin by temperament and physical characteristics were well for spheres of entertainment and sports - and they sang and ran.
Coming from the Indian subcontinent, as if by nature, electronics talented in all that concerned to ensure that no family was left without a working electronic phone.
What was left of the Polish diaspora santechniceskimi works; what is left of the Greek, beater dishes.
From the Persian Gulf and the Levant, whose grandfathers were not rushing to leave the country, when A UNDERSTAND THAT IF A ICIE happened, in fear that their fault in fueling the flames in fear, in fact, that the flames engulf them following, opened restaurants with labne and hookah, not lining and yearned from involuntary idleness.
Each according to their ability.
Because she had heard only ballads, Eileen it was difficult to understand how offensive words, who had just sung her Kevern, in general could be laid on the music.
The music is an expression of love.
"they are actually not offensive," said Kevin.
It may be, for people who have great legs.
My father never offended anyone, but he loved this song.
He said too much, but the garden gave him the illusion of security.
No word could penetrate sound like the giant leaves harvested.
Eileen still not understood.
As your father could love it?
He wanted to say that this is a joke, but he did not like at it again against two fingers to his lips.
It already and so thought it strange.
"it seemed ridiculous," he said instead.
She shook her head with distrust by closing Kevern review.
The whole world was nothing but her hair issinyachernsh cop.
Nothing, that he would like to watch.
"Well, if you say so," she said, left to its view.
But that still doesn't explain why you're me her brother-in-law Phil.
She seemed to be really upset.
I have too much leg?
He looked at them again.
You cannot say no.
Ankles, maybe a little bit...
And you say that hate me, because my ankles too thick?
Hate you?
Of course, I don't hate you.
It's just that stupid song.
He could say, "I love you," but it was too early.
"I like you very much because you have a thick ankles," he tried to say instead.
I have such a perversion.
It was wrong.
He wanted it to be funny.
Attempts to joke often cited it in an awkward situation because, like his father, he lacked the soothing charm that could mitigate the brutality, kryvshuusya shuts.
Maybe his father wanted to be brutal.
Maybe, and he, Kevern, wanted.
Despite the good eyes.
Ailinn Solomons blushed and got up with the sun lounger, tipping the console and the Strait of wine, which they drank.
The wine from the elder, so intoxication could not serve as an excuse for him.
In his excitement, she seemed to steady as thundersquall palm leaves.
"I like you very much and you just because you have a stupid head," she said.
Though not like you very much.
He was her and because of excessive brutality of his words, pity and fear that appeared in her eyes when she gave him back.
Does she think that he hits it?
She didn't talk about life on the cold northern archipelago, where she grew up with him, but he had no doubt that the basic features of it was similar to Shearer.
The same huge ocean ice hit on both of them.
The same confusing men, even more sensitive and capricious after THAT A, IF A ICIE than their ancestors, the smugglers and peace, roamed the fury from pub to pub, ready to raise a hand on any woman, posmevshuu refuse them or upset them.
Stupid head?
They would have shown her blunt fist, if she wasn't careful!
First would have kissed a kiss has now become the most common expression of erotic irritation between a man and a woman; an antidote from fresh ballads, that the console's first kiss her, and then to strike.
Excessive clarification, according to Kevin, because a kiss itself has already been hooliganism.
Ailinn Solomons body showed that he should go.
He rose from the sun lounger, as an old man.
She felt a lead weight, but the weight of his grief surprised her.
This was not the end of the world.
They barely knew each other.
She watched as he goes, and looked out of the window as he leaves her lobster - a man, vzvalivshiy himself on themselves the hardship.
Adam, the garden, she thought.
She felt an injection of compassion towards him and men in general, though some of them have raised a hand on it.
Man, pristsjenny otvernuvshiysya sogbennoy back from it, that's all the ability to fight left him - why she thought she knew so well, if she could not recall a single case, to this day, when she would have seen this?
Again, one Ailinn Solomons looked at their feet.
Twenty years before the events described above or so Esmé Nussbaum, smart and energetic 32-летняя researcher, who worked in "Ofnau, unofficial control service for the mood, prepared a report about preserving the low and medium level of violence in the parts of the country where it was expected that it will be reduced, if not stopped altogether, given the means and the forces that were on its eradication.
"a lot has been done, and a lot is being done," she wrote, "to allay people's innate aggressiveness, who fought in a thousand wars and won most of them, especially among these, ragged mop of branches and narrow rasslin area, where, despite church spires hovering over marvellous alleys, gentle breath of human kindness rarely felt for the first time in history.
But some quality, it turns out, neiscorenimy.
The higher the spire, it would seem, the nizmennee that he opens.
The population sheds tears over sentimental ballads, swallowing the story about the obstacles and announces its overheated belief in the virtue of marriage and family life, but not only the old rudeness retains a strong grip in rural communities, as well as in urban settlements, but also have the data that is new and slob zadiristostl at home, in the workplace, on roads and even on gaming sites.
"you have the unfortunate habit to write too much," said her supervisor, after reading the report in its entirety.
It seems to me, you should read the little novels.
Esmé Nussbaum her head.
I also must ask you: You're atheist?
"I believe that it is not obliged to answer," said Esmé Nussbaum.
Are you lesbian?
Esmé again insisted on his right to privacy and silence.
Feminist?
Again silence.
"I ask," Luther Rabinowitz finally said, "not because I am against atheism, lesbiystva or feminism.
Here we have no prejudices.
We are the servants of society without prejudice.
But some kinds of hypersensitivity, absolutely appropriate and laudable in and of themselves, can sometimes distort the results, such as those that you have shown to me.
It is obvious that you yourself prejudged against the church, and what you call "malicious" and "brutal," others would be interpreted as an expression of natural jiznelubia and energy.
Continue nudes about A TO THAT IF ICIE three-dimensional television, as if it happened, if it happened yesterday, is to deprive the country of her life force.
Esmé Nussbaum glanced around while Rabinowitz said.
For his head as pink flamingos, LED letters repeated advice that "Ofnau" gave the country the last quarter-century or more.
Ulybaisya with its neighbor, rates of his wife, ballads, walk on newer musicals, speak on the phone, talk, listen, listen, soglashaysya izvinyaysya.
The conversation is better than silence, the word of the song is better than the written word, but there is nothing better than love.
"I fully understand that you want to say," replied quietly Esmé Nussbaum, when adjusting that her supervisor had finished speaking," and I don't want to say anything, except that we're not 58.5 as effectively as we convince ourselves.
What worries me is that unless we are ready, we find that repeat the errors, which initially led to EMU THAT A, IF ICIE three-dimensional television.
Only this time we do not vybrosim their anger and mistrust on others.
Luther Rabinowitz joined the tips of your fingers in pyramid.
The gesture was supposed to mean an infinite patience.
"You go too far," he said, calling the "mistakes" actions that made or not made our grandfathers.
You go too far and when talking about the fact that they threw their "anger" and "disbelief" at the "other."
On your place people should not need reminding of that understanding the past, that is, by now, we don't talk about "us" and "them."
There was no "us" and there was no "other."
It was a time of disorder - that's all we know.
"for which, to be honest with ourselves," dared insert Esmé, "no one part of society cannot justify themselves well.
I don't accuse anyone.
Whether it was good or bad - that is done.
Then it was back then.
Nothing more to say - here we agree.
And how should not blame anyone, does not need to justify myself, if it was appropriate or if it were possible to fix things.
But why the past, if not to learn -
The past sustevet to ensure that we've forgotten it.
If I can add to this one word -
Pyraminx Luther Rabinowitz fell apart.
"I'll drag your report," he said.
The next day, on the way to work, it knocked a biker hits a deaf granny, who left on the sidewalk, as passers-by," described in the nasty rage."
Coincidentally happen.
Lesotho army claims that the coup was not; the prime minister remains in South Africa
Representatives of the Lesotho army denied the fact of a coup to overthrow the government, saying that they acted against the police suspected in an attempt to arm political fanatics.
Prime Minister Thomas Thabane left the country, saying that the country's army surrounded his official residence and seized government buildings in the capital of Maseru.
The prime minister took his family in neighboring South Africa, saying that received assassination threats on his life.
Army spokesman Major Ntlele Ntoi said that it was not, in fact, a coup, but that the army responded to the threat from "political fanatics," which the police tried arm.
"What happened this morning is that command of the Lesotho Armed Forces has taken measures, having received a few intelligence reports that there are some elements among police forces, which really plan to arm some political, young fanatics of political parties, who were willing to make a mess," he told VOA.
A spokesman of the South African government clayson Monyela said that the actions of the army looked like a coup.
"Although no one showed claims on the seizure of power by force, according to all sources, Lesotho military actions at the moment have the signs of a coup," he said.
Representatives of the Lesotho military reported that soldiers have returned to barracks on Sunday and that calmly in the capital.
Meanwhile, Deputy Prime Minister Mothetjoa Metsing controls the government in the absence of Tabane.
Thabane stated that he believes it is attacked in connection with an attempt to fight corruption in the country.
The situation in Lesotho is quite tense since June, when the legislative session as a result of differences in the unified government suspended Tabane.
He said that his actions have undermined the government, despite allegations to the contrary.
Chelsea midfielder Marco van Ginkel will hold the upcoming season on loan at Milan," said Milan Channel.
The 21-year-old Dutchman will arrive in Italy in the coming hours for a medical clearance.
In last season, he went on the field as part of the London club but three times.
Recall that earlier Milan rented from Liverpool striker Fernando Torres.
Manufacturing in the eurozone at the lowest figure for 13 months
Production growth in the eurozone slowed to its lowest level in 13 months in August, according to the study.
The last thing the eurozone manufacturing sector by Markit PMI business index fell to its lowest point 50.7 in August, dropping from 51.8 in July.
A value above 50 indicates growth.
New orders for long, and businesses have suffered amid the growing tension between the EU and Russia in connection with Ukraine.
Values have come before the meeting of the European Central Bank, the ECB on Thursday.
Markets will wait for a clear plan of how to deal with a stop of the eurozone recovery from the bank, as well as with the threat of deflation, with inflation of just 0.3%.
There is an assumption that the ECB chief Mario Draghi later this week may give additional signals that he was considering a scheme of quantitative easing for the eurozone, similar to those used in the United Kingdom and the United States during the financial crisis.
"Although some growth is better than no growth at all, the growing economic and geopolitical uncertainty brake effect on manufacturers becomes more obvious," said Rob Dobson, Markit senior economist.
Germany's PMI manufacturing sector, the biggest trading partner of Russia in the EU, fell to the lowest in 11 months at 51.4.
In the meantime, the bloc's second largest economy, France, PMI fell to 46.9.
France continues to cause real concern, as well as the weakening of Italy from stable growth to stagnation.
Signs that growth momentum lost in the main industrial engine, Germany, as well as in Spain and the Netherlands, also adds no confidence," Mr Dobson said.
Industry slowdown, analysts is likely to further fuel the flames, awaiting the introduction of additional monetary or tax-based stimulus.
One of the positive news from Ireland, where PMI rose to 57.3, its highest level since the end of 1999.
Howard Archer, chief economist at IHS Global Insight, said: "the best that can be said about the August survey index of business activity in the eurozone manufacturing sector is that it shows that the sector is still growing."
He added: "The eurozone manufacturers seem to find life very difficult at the moment, as the current increased geopolitical tension - particularly associated with Russia/Ukraine - adds uncertainty still difficult conditions in many countries.
This increased tensions, apparently hit by business - and especially on consumer confidence, and is likely to lead to the fact that some orders are delayed or even cancelled, especially large orders.
He said that "more and more like it," that the ECB, of course, will have to spend some form of quantitative easing," although we suspect that it will be limited."
Residents of Mariupol their live chain against militias
In Mariupol until last week, it was all quiet - no one log to organize Mariupol popular republic, the town on the Sea of Azov lived and worked.
Now residents with horror expect parish" militia."
According to political analysts, the separatists break to Mariupol to go out to sea - the city was recently Azov Novoazovsk, who before this, too, was not part of the self-proclaimed republics.
Mariupol team decided that the Ukrainian army, and it will protect them, but the power it has a little bit against well armed DNRLNR representatives, and gathered to help the military.
They dig trenches, building roadblocks and fortifications.
On Saturday evening, several thousand people arrived on the eastern border of the city, and stood there in the live circuit, singing the anthem of Ukraine.
They are going to do the same in the assault case.
The volunteers collect and blocking equipment and products, medicines, produce a newspaper.
In the city are gradually closed shops, banks and ATMs stop work.
Ten years of hell for Beslan survivors: Ten years with the formidable takeover of the school as the children, who were in it, still suffer
Ten years ago, more than 1,000 people were taken hostage by Chechen fighters in the school in Beslan, in southern Russia
More than 330 people, more than half of them children, were killed during the three-day trial, which shocked the world
We came back in Beslan, to find some of the victims, who cheated death during the atrocities in school
Exactly a decade later after the disastrous takeover of the Beslan school, during which 334 people were killed, including 186 children, heroically survived the disaster warned last night about the apocalypse in Ukraine.
When the terrorists, Islamic fanatics, captured and killed children and parents on September 1, 2004, at the beginning of the new quarter, it seemed something like the extreme degree of evil.
The tragedy united the east and west of the dread that wonderfully then deteriorated into action and hope for the future in the face of the gravest grief.
Ten years later, we returned in Beslan in southern Russia, to find some of the victims, who cheated death during the atrocities in the school.
We found amazing young people who opposed trouble, although memories of terrorist hell will live with them forever.
Their biggest hope?
That war, which now devours Ukraine, in which the same children as they die, it will stop.
The girl on the photo is trying to get back in the gym obstrelivaemy
She on the picture of the famous Russian photographer Dmitry Beliakov mines, when the same underwear tried to get back in the gym obstrelivaemy after the explosion.
The Joker Aida desperately looked for his mother, Larisa, which is now 40.
There were fears that they both died, but in fact they survived.
The woman told me to run with all my strength, but I couldn't," Aida said then.
My legs were covered with blood.
I got up and Polla back inside to find his mother.
The soldiers picked up on it and carried in a safe place.
In the wake of operations, she thought that fully recovered, but yesterday said: "three months ago, the pain returned.
I am afraid that I might need another operation.
A few pieces left in my knee.
Her goal now is to become a dentist to help people as she helped doctors.
"This tragedy has changed my life, but it is, of course, not polal it," she says with a challenge.
"It happened to me, and you cannot change this fact.
Once a year I always go to the gym to remember all those who stayed there.
My friends and I try not to talk about the other days.
The pain is too strong.
My best friend, who was to become my ", Dzera Gapova was killed there.
We played together when they were young, and dreamed that will go to school together.
"I don't want to get married until you finish their studies and not start work.
I think about the family then.
She says that the seizure remains with her, although a bit dim memories every year.
I'm glad that many people in the world still remember about our troubles, and we are grateful for the support we have received from people from the UK and from everywhere.
When I see a photo on the Internet, where I less in school window, I think many people will see it for the first time, learn about our tragedy and will do so that no such thing happened.
The boy, who ran through a hail of bullets, believing that his mother is dead
It was his first day at school, the Russians are beginning to study in school in 7 years and lived through three days of capture, embracing his mother Tamara.
When he was seven, and he said, "my mother told me to lie down, if there will be an explosion, and hold her hand."
After one of the explosions, he thought that she dies.
She told him: "Run."
Fearing that she is dead, he ran and saw a crying baby on the way, grabbed the child by the hand and ran through a hail of bullets.
His father, Vladimir, who grabbed his son on the outside, said: "The Damir told me that his mother had died.
He said: "I couldn't save her."
In fact, Tamara out on freedom and was in the hospital with wounds on his legs, in turn, thinking that her son was killed.
After their reunion, she said: "I cried with joy.
I couldn't believe it.
He rushed and hugged me.
Damir later brought in London now non-existent newspaper, the News of the World, where he was awarded the Defender of children from the Barnardo's Prime Minister Tony Blair and his wife Cherie.
"This horror comes back to you every day, but I would like, so I could stop to remember him," he said yesterday.
After all, I can say that in my memory, it is to fade.
I remember shortly after I threw all their igrushecnoe weapons.
But now I can play computer games shooting, and it is not a problem for me.
"I am not afraid to return in the gym, but I don't think about yourself.
I remember those children, with whom I played in the yard, which did not have escaped.
We never say that they killed or are dead.
We say that they were left in the gym.
I remember my trip to London as well, particularly in a toy shop, where I was allowed to choose all that I wanted, and the trip in the car with the convertible.
But now he is afraid for places like Ukraine, where the war lead to such grief that he and his friends suffered.
This horror is returned to you every day, but I wish that I could no longer remember him
"I'm so sorry for all those who suffer from these horrors," said Damir, who last week was doing volunteer work in women's monastery.
I want to help.
I want to serve in the police ever and I hope to the training academy in the next year.
His mother, Tamara, 48 years, said: "37 children were killed in our quarter, can you imagine?
I remember the horrible silence immediately after the seizure, simply did not have children, who would have screamed and ran around, and this silence lasted for many months.
She remembers vividly his trip with Damir in London.
People in London, cried when I told our story.
I realized then, as people on the other end of the ground can understand our feelings, can provide support.
She was grateful "Cherie Blair and her fund for the award and the opportunity to go to London in the autumn of 2004.
I would like to call her own Sheri and just say that 10 years have passed, but I still remember a meeting with her and her husband in London and how they helped Dam and me.
I remember when Damir borshch wanted to eat, they rang the local Russian restaurants.
I remember, as he played with the waiters in the restaurant, Damir shot at them from a water pistol, and they fled and played with him.
And just a month passed after our nightmare at the time.
I was shocked by the fact that the British were so willing to share our pain and support us.
She said: "I think that the world was a better place for these 10 years.
Now in Ukraine there is war, people die every day, and I think a lot of children were killed and will be killed.
It's just the same as our children.
I think, for many people the war is a news report that they listen when they get bored or when they are busy with something else.
I just know that these people feel the horror of it.
And I can't stop feeling it.
Nothing has changed, people still want to kill each other, and it's so sad.
Damir grew up and became a very gentle and quiet boy, he is not aggressive and not evil.
He is not looking for revenge, for example, he is not fixated on this last nightmare.
I know that he does not like to remember it, but they are very close with six classmates, and they go to the gym from time to time and lit candles there.
When he was younger, he suffered from this - I remember, as he was lying on the sofa, away from us, for hours.
I was not asleep, his eyes were open.
I also remember how he threw all their weapons and other military toys. Damir 17, he is now above me, lovely, clever and healthy.
I can hardly believe that a few hours I was so confident that he had died, and that I don't see him anymore.
When I was able to recover from the explosion and got up on his feet, I glanced, I saw hell around himself, when parts of bodies were lying everywhere.
I was absolutely convinced that it is impossible to see my little boy was able to survive in this hell.
"I remember that I shouted to him: "Damir, Run, flee," but again I was so sure that he didn't hear me.
But he heard and ran away.
So for us, life continues, unlike so many others.
Georgy Ilyin, 17 years
The boy, whose shocking picture after the seizure was the defining for the tragedy in Beslan
Peace: Surviving Beslan Georgy Ilyin with his mother Fatima after capture in 2004, and George right now
It was his bloody face imprint of fear, when he was fleeing from death, when Chechen terrorists shot his classmates.
His photo was one of the most shocking barbarity symbols in Beslan.
His mother, Fatima, 54, the chief physician, enrolled him in a school on the first day of school before you take the senior son Vladimir in university.
"I went for two minutes before the terrorists ran out into the yard, so that my little boy alone for three days of the nightmare," she recalled.
Not one, there was a family of our relatives, but all of them were killed.
Only my George managed to survive.
The closer this date, the harder to think and talk about it.
There is not one day, when we don't recall this tragedy.
We do not think that it was a long time ago, I think that it happened yesterday, some scenes of these days all the time in front of my eyes.
No one will never forget, I promise you.
Pet soul: George photo on the left was one of the most shocking images of the attack and was uvekovechena in sculpture, right
I remember that George wanted to go to school that day, said he wants the teacher hug.
I only found out that he is alive, when I saw it on TV.
And now there's even crying George's sculpture in San Marino.
George does not like to look at this picture, and it is hidden in the bookcase in our home.
I understand, but I also think that, thanks to this photo of people from all over the world feel our pain.
George says now, "it's important that it never happened.
"I doubt that we ever learn the truth.
People continue to investigate such tragedies and never know the truth.
Now they investigate the collapse at Boeing in Ukraine.
Will we ever, than it was called?
This world is going to something very bad.
"I cannot understand how it happens, because if you ask people, no one wants war, so how is this happening?
Ten years is nothing for such pain.
We need to have passed dozens of years, slightly to forget it.
It affected my health, and I still feel it.
About three or four years I nightmares because of the seizure, but now was better.
I returned to school later in 2004, I was very scared every day.
I was thinking about their friends and classmates, who were killed.
That is why I continue to go to the gym before each September 1.
I want to give a tribute to the memory of my old friends from childhood.
I include hard in the gym, but I have to do this.
I don't feel like a victim, this story is part of my past now.
I don't forget about it, but I am not feeling sorry for ourselves.
My life goes on.
I graduated from high school this year and entered the Medical University in Vladikavkaz.
I will learn to become cardiosurgeon.
My first choice was to go into the army.
I wanted to be a military, but health prevented me.
I wanted to fight for my country, but this will not happen.
Georgy Farniyev, 20 years
The boy, who survived, despite the fact that it was at terroristaubiytsy feet
Incredibly: George Farniev was at terroristaubiytsy feet during the takeover, but he managed to survive
At the time of capture, he was photographed in a gym sitting beside a bomb at terroristaubiytsy feet.
Indeed, it is a miracle that he was not killed.
"It seems to us that it was yesterday," says George, who wanted to study the intelligence officer in the FSB, but could not because of the damage that was caused by his health at the time of capture.
It is still with me, it's not something that I left behind.
I'm older now, and say that children can easily cope with bad events, I must say that this is not true.
In 2006, I worked with psychologists, and I felt a little bit better after that, but I cannot forget it.
And I would like to forget.
In 2005, the following year, was the first and last time, when I was in the gym again.
I lost consciousness.
I would never go there again, and, please, do not ask me to show where I sat on this famous photos.
Survivor: George Farniev today with an open on the laptop of a photograph of himself in a hospital after seizure
My pain is enormous, and I wear it with every day.
My friends know that I don't like to think about it or talk about it, and they never asked me about school.
As for the physical condition, I am healthy.
I need to be careful with the knee, which was damaged, but now I go okay.
But health is not allowed me to learn from the FSB Academy in St. Petersburg, as I wanted.
I sent their documents, including medical reports, and they responded that this is not possible.
My second passion were animals, so I went to the Veterinary Institute.
I studied there for two years.
He learns to treat all animals, from cats to cows."
He said: "I know that never will tell their children about their experiences.
It's not what children should know, and, of course, is not what they need to survive.
His mother Marina, 42, said: "This pain never leaves me.
She's in my soul, worse, as the anniversary approaches.
I will go and I will attend the ceremonies, which will be held to celebrate it.
I know that George doesn't go through.
For him it should be even stronger, because he was there, and I don't.
I was waiting for him at home and couldn't help.
I am so grateful to God that he returned to me here in Beslan imprint lies on each.
He remains with us.
George now an adult, but this nightmare is still with him.
It is difficult to accept when something so terribly unfair, happens to you.
He was a boy, he loves the sport, but it cannot do them because of the knee.
He had several operations, he can walk, but it cannot do sports.
I would say that the 50% he overcame this nightmare, but cannot be overcome completely and forget it.
This eerie experience will remain with us.
Many friends and neighbors were killed during the capture, and it only reinforces my pain.
I lost a lot of people that I knew well and who were the road to me.
My son with me, and it's the best gift that God could do me, but my heart aches for those who were killed.
I know the family, where new children were born, but I know and widows, who were never married.
It's hard to accept that life goes on, even if you don't want.
I will never forget, as the heart of vyprygnulo I got out of the breast, when I saw him in the hospital.
Now I look at what is going on in the world, is the war in different regions.
For what these people are fighting?
Why did they kill each other?
The war is very close to our country right now, and I can hardly believe in it.
We were a friendly country in the past, as we happen to war now?
People and children suffer, I am sure, many children have been killed in Ukraine and many will be killed.
If we could seize all insurgents and throw - as far as possible.
Alena Tskayeva, 10 years
The infant, who movingly claimed in a safe place spetsnaz fighter
Saved: Alon Tskayev is in a safe place of Russian spetsnaz fighter on the left.
Now her ten on the right, and she does not remember about the unspeakable massacre
The world had stopped breathing in 2004, when a small Alenu issued at the hands of the Russian police seized a school in Beslan.
The terrorists released her, but with her mother left her gong, decade-long sister Cristina and her brother's Cathedral in the school gym.
Machares, who was then saved three years, but Alenia mother and sister were killed in the deadly carnage.
Her father Ruslan has since married again, and they have a young daughter with his new wife Svetlana, which he called Christine in memory of her daughter, which he lost.
Alena, which is now ten, remembers nothing about the capture and flourished in the smart and pleasurable girl, neighbors say.
"They are a big happy family now, and Alena Machares - both beautiful children," says a close friend.
Ruslan is a great father and wants to keep them away from all the memories when marks the tenth anniversary.
You can see why.
Midfielder Shinji Kagawa, returned from Manchester United in Dortmund Borussia," noted that he is looking forward to that once again will be able to go on the field, in the form of German club.
According to him, this transfer is a happy event in his career.
Of course, I am very glad that I will again play for "Borussia," Bild quoted Kagawa words.
Feel very well.
Full of positive emotions and look forward to BVB, when once again be able to go on the field in uniform."
Kagawa joined in the "Mu" from "BVB" in the summer of 2012 for 16 million euros.
However, he failed a foothold in the composition of the English club, after just 38 games in the Championship in England for two seasons, scoring 6 goals and 8 assists by transmissions.
A man accused of neste "Pelican" on a girl at a pedestrian crossing in Fife
78-летний man appears in court on charges of "Pelican" on the 3-year-old girl at a pedestrian crossing in Fife nande.
Gordon Stewart allegedly shot down a girl on the transition in the East Neuk Pittenvine.
Prosecutors said that Mr. Stewart led his Audi Q3 without proper care and attention and knocked the girl, as a result, she was injured.
Stewart, 78 years, from Dundee, denied his guilt in court øåðèôñêîì Anstruther.
Sheriff Charles Macnair, royal lawyer appointed by a court date on January.
Obama, Merkel and Hollande iced in Vladivostok
Vladivostok Airport Duty Free shop weasel sign banning shop in this store, a number of the world's political leaders.
Do not iced spirits, vodka and cognac.
The store administration decided that US President Barack Obama, German Chancellor Angela Merkel, French President Francois Hollande, Vitali Klitschko, Yulia Tymoshenko, the Prime Minister of Japan, and some more famous mates cannot iced vodka, cognac and spirits in their store.
And decile the sign on the door.
Obama had previously received a ban on the emergence of the even less accessible than him on a sort of establishment services - dietary canteens at Moscow State University, told the website catering establishments.
Whether the American president cherished dream ever eat in a dining room in Russia, is not known, but the authors prohibitions clearly seem terribly ostroumnymi themselves.
Is there cheese after the embargo: Medvedev gave advice farmers
Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev believes that in an economic embargo, Russian farmers need to develop new technologies to arrange the release of demand from buyers of cheese.
The Council was given during a visit to Yugpticeprom enterprise "Agrocomplex" company.
The head of government also gave advice to restorers on Russian meat, the quality of which is at the appropriate level.
Annual embargo on food imports was introduced in Russia since August 7.
The head coach of Russia Valentin holder DecaNation pleased with the results of the tournament.
According to the expert, the third place is a good result given the lack of preparation for competition.
Our athletes performed at his level," Maslakov results for "All sport.
The third place is proof of our very high level team.
The advantage of the French, and even Americans over us is minimal.
We should bear in mind that we are not prepared to these competitions.
The season is over, and we did not oblige our leaders to participate in the DecaNation match.
In recent years, we became the second in this tournament, but this season we have another team.
The French, on the other hand, put boesposobnuu team that includes 13 European champions.
They did not hide his intention to win this year, about many times publicly declared.
But even this part of the competition was not able to stand up to the Americans.
So I believe that the Russians were in such a representative of the company at a good level.
But the results in some species were considerably lower than in the same "league diamond."
The season is over.
Of course, athletes are no longer so important result, especially in the team competition level.
The main thing here was a place.
And, yes, came to the absurd, when the 1500 m men so kin tactical the intricacies of running that the results have shown below average... women's doing.
4 tips on how to achieve a better quality of photos and videos
If you want to take pictures or shoot video equipment under water, before you a number of options.
The cheapest option is waterproof "Point and Shoot camera," for example, Nikon Coolpix AW120, or ecshnkamera, for example, GoPro Hero3 + Silver Edition, both of which are sold for about $300.
I made these images on a family holiday with multiple cameras, all costs about $350.
Regardless of what equipment you use, a few rules need to observe, in order to achieve the best results.
Pereproveryaite their equipment.
Even if you have a waterproof camera, make sure that the battery cells and other offices closed tightly.
In addition, set up his camera for that type of photos or video, which you will be removed.
Some photo and video cameras have shooting modes or object type that optimise exposure for overexposed underwater conditions.
And before jumping into the water, notice how deep your equipment can descend.
Some cameras are only 5 feet, others - 50 or 60 feet.
Look at our management of the buyer and the ratings of digital cameras for both traditional and waterproof models.
Remove a few frames - because many of them do not compacted straightaway.
"camera" have LCD that will help you it images, while their ecshnkamer usually don't have.
Even if you have an LCD, it will be difficult to see under the water, and frame arrangement will be a random process.
So do a few frames.
Also, if your camera have serial shooting mode, which takes a few frames with slightly different exposure settings, use them.
Stay at the surface.
The amount of light decreases significantly, the deeper you arnet under water.
If possible, stay at the surface, when you're shooting in the pool, the river or the ocean.
It will also allow you to transfer more color in the photos; the deeper you get, the less you will see.
Podplyvayte closer to shooting objects.
This is excellent advice for filming on land, but it is even more important under the water because of the overexposed light conditions.
It is especially important if you're shooting on ecshnkameru: This equipment is often equipped with a fixed, shirokougolnoy lens, which means that you have to get closer to the objects of shooting, if you want to fill in the picture.
Bronze winner of the 2012 Olympic Games freestyle wrestling Bilal Makhov can go in grecorimscuu struggle.
It said the head coach of Dagestan on freestyle wrestling Sazhid Sazhidov.
The expert did not rule the athlete's participation in the World Championship in Tashkent in September 2014.
Bilal Makhov currently is on the team's collection of "classics," results in the words "RSports Sajid Sajidov.
In general, the Bilal junior performed well in both styles.
He became the winner of the tournament at the 2005 world youth championship top-ten wrestlers and third prize winner in the competition, grecorimlan and decided to concentrate on freestyle wrestling.
Long gone talk that a new stage of his career, our heavyweight guides in Greco-Roman wrestling.
More: Makhov may act at the World Championship in Tashkent - if you win prikidcu.
But the final word is always for coaching staff headed by Gogi Koguashvili.
Andrew Lawson was such a man, whose force of personality could shake all around, even in the giant organizations such as the National Health Service.
Consulting anesthesiologist, he devoted his career as deliverance patients suffering from the disease, as well as from the weaponization of treatment.
Among those who spoke to him, his wife recalled, was MI-6 officer who had to live with the devastating consequences of torture.
Lawson knew that, while doctors are diagnoses and disease, those who undergo treatment, mainly, worry about something completely different - the pain.
One day in 2007, however, he was the one who started to suffer.
"I have not felt, as usual," he wrote in May of last year.
I was hard to find the forces.
Fighting with symptoms similar to the flu, he found that his wife, Juliet reproaches impatiently.
"I want to ensure that all happened sooner, rather than later," he said.
When Juliet left for the week, Lawson found that he was unusual and unclear why upset.
Something was wrong.
He asked a colleague to do chest X-rays.
Just two weeks before he went skiing in the French Alps.
The results of the X-rays came.
It was incurable mesothelioma, a cancer that affects pleura or lung shell.
For most cancers it is difficult to find out the exact cause.
Though some smokers get lung cancer, for example, not all of lung cancer patients smoked.
But with mesothelioma differently.
In almost all cases the reason is contact with asbestos, grainy construction material, which was once called a "miracle," but which, as we now know, mortally dangerous.
For most of us mesothelioma is a disease that can be ignored.
Asbestos, after all, is the material from the past.
The most dangerous type of asbestos is not used in the UK since the 1960s, when the latter industrial ban came into force.
Even when he was used only by people from particular industries worked in close contact with him: Truboisolirovshchiki, builders, carpenters and workers docks, for example.
Industrial toxin from another era, he hardly is a cause for concern today.
But such tranquillity is wrong.
The United Kingdom, as it turns out, is now at the peak of the epidemic of cancer.
Here, from cancer kills more people than in any other country on the planet.
At the annual death rate of about 2,500 people, more than twice as many people die from the disease than as a result of car accidents.
The annual number of deaths from cancer since 1980, and the number of deaths in the future in the UK
The reason why we feel its deadly consequences now lies in the fact that, while the use of asbestos has been illegal for many years of all types of asbestos were, in the end, are prohibited by law in 1999, on the development of cancer are usually dozens of years.
And attack cancer is not limited to veterans of the industrial construction.
Asbestos was, and in many cases remains, laid in the house where we live, offices, where we work, school, where we learn, and shops, where we go for shopping.
As a result, mesothelioma does not pay attention in class, the level of affluence, profession or age.
Bastions of, from London's fashion department stores to private schools, as it turned out, not salvation.
The parliament building pronizano asbestos.
Even hospitals, which are designed to treat us, were reservoirs of this deadly carcinogen.
Andrew Lawson was not old.
He was not truboisolirovshchicom.
In fact, he had to think, where he was able to enter into contact with asbestos.
Then he realized.
"I think that could be a lot of asbestos in the tunnels in Guy Hospital, where I spent six years on the training," he wrote.
All - students, nurses, doctors and gruss used these online.
I wonder how many of my peers expect the same disease?
It was a question to which, unfortunately, he could give a partial answer.
"of the four doctors who staged in Guy Hospital and have subsequently developed mesothelioma over the past five years," he said in a letter in 2010, "I was still alive."
How many of us ill this disease?
Andrew Lawson was diagnosed with mesothelioma," when he was 48 years old.
When he died, on February 17 this year, he was 55.
It is unusual to live so long.
Fifty percent of mesothelioma patients die after 8 months after diagnosis.
She is always deadly.
So, now we can only repeat Lawson question: "How many of us ill this same disease?"
According to a leading expert Sertoli-Leydig in the UK, Professor Julian tube, most likely that between 1970 and 2050, when the asbestos epidemic in the UK has an end, about 90,000 people will die.
Most now do not represent that will die in this way.
Asbestos mine in Quebec, Canada Alamy
A quick review reports from the halls of the courthouse, where victims often ask for compensation, shows how far spread attack cancer.
In June, for example, Marks & Spencer acknowledged that some inadvertence Janis Ellen contact with asbestos.
She worked in a network of nine years, from 1978 to 1987, the clothing departments at two sites, one of which was the main store on Oxford Street.
Mrs. Ellen was just 18 years old when she began to work in M & S.
Now she has two children over 20 years.
"before it happened," she says, "I had never heard of Sertoli-Leydig, I barely knew about Asbest.
In my head and I could not agree that it affects me.
Few people really know a lot about Asbest.
In fact, asbestos is not one substance, but a group of six minerals.
They got its name from the word "asbestiform," which means fibrous structure that tells them the strength and flexibility.
Of the six, three were often used in construction.
Chrysotile asbestos, widely known as white, others more often occurs in the buildings at the moment.
It was used in the pipe roof panels, floor tile, thermal insulation, boiler remarks, even in the car brake stocks.
He is less deleterious than other forms of asbestos, but still is recognized as the European Union and the World Health Organization "a serious source of harm," which can lead to death.
More dangerous, however, the brown asbestos amosite crocidolite and blue asbestos.
Britain was once the largest importer of brown asbestos in the world, and experts suggest that "there are good, albeit indirect reason to believe that this is the main reason for the high number of patients with mesothelioma [in the UK]."
A worker at Marks & Spencer was exposed to asbestos in the company's main store on Oxford Street, London, Alamy
Ellen Janis may not thought of himself as a victim of cancer, but Julian tube work suggests that her story is not unusual.
He conducted a study of patients, which suggests that a significant percentage of mezoteliom, when there is no known exposure at work or at home, were probably caused by exposure to asbestos from the environment."
The bulk of this impact, he said, is "normal use and the impact of weather on our buildings.
No one, it seems, cannot be sure that he is in security.
Goddard Consulting report, which examined the palace of Westminster, demonstrates how people, even in the heart of the government, could be affected unknowingly.
In 2009, Goddard said that technical mines and pipelines for the premises of parliamentary committees were infected with the deadly asbestos fibres which could be set in motion something as innocuous as "strong air flows."
Members of Parliament's oft-repeated claim that they pursue their own interests, but in this case, it seems that the opposite is true.
Although the maintenance of parliament insisted that Westminster Palace got "the clean bill of health," she acknowledged that it is necessary to work on the £1 billion on the reconstruction of the parliament, modified the electrics and removing asbestos, and that members of parliament after the 2015 general election, perhaps, will sit in the QE2 conference centre nearby, not on the green benches of Westminster.
Goddard report noted that "the situation with asbestos is not ruled in accordance with different rules."
It is impossible to know whether this error of management will cost lives.
All that you can do now is wait.
One of those who failed to identify their contact with asbestos, a common practice is Graham Abbott, a doctor.
Like Andrew Lawson, Abbott, 50 years, suspects that he was exposed to asbestos when he worked in hospitals.
"I worked in a hospital, which were successfully claims related to asbestos," he says, "But I can't prove it in my case.
So it's hard to remember all the places where he worked, and the date.
He remembers clearly the day at the beginning of December 2009, when his srazilo was something that looks like the flu.
He was 45, and he was in the middle of the operation late at night.
Suddenly I was shaken.
It started very quickly.
I felt terrible.
I thought that I can't go all the way to the house.
As a doctor, Abbott knew the pain comes from the pleura, shell around the lungs.
However, like Janis Ellen, he had no reason to suspect mesothelioma.
In the end, he could not walk on the job a month.
Baffled doctors did chest X-rays and raised pleural catheters to pull out the fluid from the lungs and send it to the analysis.
And yet his condition ostalos without a diagnosis.
Gradually, his health has improved, and he returned to work.
But from time to time the same symptoms returned, often after he was engaged in sports and was breathing hard.
In 2011, one of the Abbott patients came to him in the reception room with similar symptoms, and he was later diagnosed with mesothelioma,"."
But even then, Abbott is not linked it with his own case.
In the end, the patient was on dozens of years older and worked directly with asbestos.
The link in this case was obvious.
In September 2011 Abbott condition deteriorated again, and his doctor consulted showed him the results of the CT scan and X-rays to a group of specialists.
In December 2011, exactly two years after Abbott began to feel bad, the sensor, a camera, was put into the cavity between the shell of his chest and a shell of his lung.
I'm an optimist.
I usually just go from there," he says.
I'm not too upset about it, to be honest.
But Rachel, my wife, experienced.
The result of the biopsy came the week between Christmas and New Year: "I have said that this is a mesothelioma."
Graham Abbott: Mesothelioma diagnosis
Suddenly, Abbott was in a meeting with Macmillan nurses, one of which suggested he contact a lawyer.
It was then that he realized the scale of the epidemic.
", it turns out, asbestos was widely used, especially in large public buildings, where quite often was asbestos thermal insulation on pipes," he says.
People who were exposed to asbestos in these buildings have now become sick with the disease.
Thus, the mesothelioma now affects more young people of professions.
The most dangerous isolated asbestos pipes in hospitals were in the basement, so they are unlikely to be suffered by patients.
But many employees who were on the pedestrian tunnels to get from one building to another as Andrew Lawson, or ate in the basement dining rooms, how often did Graham Abbott will almost certainly do have been exposed to toxic substances.
In the hospital for several decades after the war, as it turns out, was a place where, in theory, rescued life for potsient, but a place that was a threat to life for doctors who treated them.
It still continue to remove today.
They installed their burner burners on asbestos stand
And it's not just hospitals.
Asbestos was often used in offices, shops, libraries and maria because of their amazing insulation and fireproof characteristics.
Schools, too.
In fact, many, most likely, for the first time were exposed to asbestos in the classroom.
Across the country, on countless chemistry lessons, students set their burner burners on asbestos stand.
Some websites, the attention on the problem of asbestos in schools.
Meanwhile, in our homes, innocuous things such as floor tiles, roof or sheds, as a rule, contained asbestos.
"This is an industrial poison, in a huge number of our buildings," said Andrew Morgan, a lawyer who represented Andrew Lawson in the case against the hospital's Guy.
In one case, the only contact, which could recall the injured woman, was the demolition of a garden shed in the 1970s.
So be careful, sea garden sheds.
The effect of the diagnosis, when it is known that the illness is enormous.
"to realize it takes a lot of time," says Graham Abbott.
I went back to work and tried to continue, but realized that I couldn't focus on what I do.
I spent two weeks in surgery.
Then I realized that I have to go and deal with them.
Well, I am no longer a Christmas
One of the most difficult things was the transition from a doctor in the patient's position.
As countless patients before him, he remembers, was confused with the volume of information that we had to accept.
"It was difficult to understand everything," he says.
"I asked my doctor" How many I have time?"
I was about 12 months.
I remember, as I thought, "well, I'm no longer a Christmas.
That's all."
Mesothelioma is particularly dangerous, as it is the mechanics of how we support life, is the act of breathing - causes cancer, which kills.
Most cases of cancer are caused by contact with asbestos.
Asbestos is composed of tiny fibers.
When asbestos collapses and fibre inhaled, they can get stuck in pleure, lung shell.
Asbestos fibers irritate pleura and can cause mutations of cells.
"The problem arises due to inhalation of asbestos fibers needle," Professor Tom Treasure, cardiotorakal surgeon, who came in 2001 in hospital Guy.
It is the hospital where, as Andrew Lawson suspected, he was exposed to asbestos, now, ironically, is a leading center for the treatment of cancer.
Treasure knew Lawson and some others, who probably was exposed to the staging treated in hospital.
When asbestos needles fall in lung tissue, says Treasure," the next on the periphery, where the shell is breathing them.
It is, in its essence, the invasive process from the beginning.
The usual treatment options other forms of cancer far less effective when Sertoli-Leydig.
The effectiveness of surgery, for example, is a hot debate.
Some think that it is worth a try.
Treasure disagrees.
"cannot be cut pleure," he says.
No one can approach around her with a knife.
Meanwhile, this cancer is "not very well to chemotherapy," which "acts," but did not treat.
"from time to time there are patients who live for a long time," says Treasure.
But in the end, they all die.
Fortunately, some patients live much longer than expected.
Writer Stephen Jay Gould died in 20 years after being diagnosed.
Two and a half years after diagnosis, Graham Abbott continues to fight.
After he fell ill mesothelioma, Abbott acquainted with Andrew Lawson which, four years after the diagnosis, single-handedly turned into office support and advice for such patients.
"Hello, cancerous central," he said cheerfully, when they called.
"He was very positive," says Abbott.
He was diagnosed with four years ago, and he is still very energetic.
First Abbott offered six cycles of chemotherapy, which would have taken four months and would have prolonged his life by just a month.
"I was in despair," he said.
I wanted to give up.
Lawson, however, managed to give everything a few more positive coloring."
Meeting with several specialists, Abbott has decided to continue the treatment with Professor Loic LanjLazdunski Guy, professor of thoracic surgery at the hospital.
"We had the advantage is that I didn't have direction, I just called them, and they took me," Graham said.
The average patient would have to get approval and direction on funding.
The money play a crucial role for the treatment of patients with mesothelioma, in order to get the best of existing species.
However, when such treatment, at last, will turn out to be ineffective, many patients face another financial reason for concern about the future of the families that they left.
And then they turn to the courts for compensation.
Andrew Lawson contacted Andrew Morgan of Field Fisher Waterhouse LLP.
It was known that asbestos is harmful to health, since 1898," Morgan said.
But that has changed in the 1960s, so that it became clear that even a very small amount could put their health at risk.
That is when companies started talking about bad faith.
Andrew Lawson and Guy Hospital, in the end, resolve the case, but it was not a "settlement on the full price," according to Morgan, as Lawson could not clearly prove that his mesothelioma was the result of exposure to asbestos in Guy Hospital.
After an inquiry into his death, hospital spokesman Guy finally confirmed, however, that "asbestos in basements, mentioned, was removed in the 1990s."
It was too late for Andrew Lawson.
How to remove asbestos
In fact, bind lethal contact with asbestos to one company or place of work - usually through dozens of years after that - turned out to be a big problem for patients with mesothelioma, demanding compensation.
Many of their former employers have changed the owner or closed.
Insurance archives could be lost.
And those who are protected from lawsuits, the plaintiffs know that time is on their side, which, of course, no.
In response this year came out of the new legislative acts that facilitate patients with mesothelioma compensation recovery process, even if their former employers cannot be tracked down.
In accordance with this law, £350-миллионный fund of funds was created, funded by the insurance industry, and for those who was diagnosed after July 2012 who can prove no contact, but anyone with whom sue.
In such cases, patients will receive 80 percent of the amount that the court could award in the usual case about compensation - about £120,000.
About 300 successful lawsuits each year is expected on this scheme.
Andrew Morgan, as many people who work with patients with mesothelioma, believes that £350 million represent "a very good job" for the insurance industry.
"This transaction written by strahovschikami for insurers," he said, hinting that a quarter of the amount that insurers would have had to pay, if not intervened time period and mesothelioma patients would be able to track the company and file a lawsuit in the usual way.
Even Mike Penning, formerly the minister of labor and pensions, acknowledged that the law "is deficient."
But Morgan and Penning, and recognize that, even though seven people die every day, quick action was needed.
"people suffer so much, and they need help now," said Penning during the second reading of the Bill on Sertoli-Leydig in December last year.
By the time Graham Abbott was in the hands of Professor Loic LanjLazdunski 19 months.
After the initial consultation LanjLazdunski recommended surgery, which, unlike Tom Treger, he said.
This was followed by chemotherapy and radiation therapy, in which LanjLazdunski boasts with 40 percent of survivors of patients for five years.
Abbott felt a surge of strength.
"This is, of course, is one of the most important things," says Abbott.
You see it in patients all the time.
There are some force that supports you.
When sdaeshsya, the condition can deteriorate very quickly.
Graham Abbott lay on the operation in March 2012.
By the end of August, he finished the last of the six cycles of chemotherapy.
Subsequent scans showed not a trace of the disease.
Then I did scan in March [2014].
There were a few spots [cancer] in my chest.
I just had to be 50.
It is not the threat of life.
This is the end of life.
Again, Abbott went through six cycles of chemotherapy.
Now there is no and a trace of tumors.
However, this process, both physically and emotionally heavy.
You can think about practical things - about finance, when I die, for example, or the fact that we need to show his wife as a timer on erosion works.
When you receive bad news, become bleak.
We need to look forward.
As the father of Ellie, 16 years and Tamsin, 14 years, it is not always easy.
"It's difficult for a parent," he says.
It's hard to figure out what to say and how to say a lot.
When I first put the diagnosis, I told the girls that I have the disease, which means that I don't live to old age.
They reacted very differently.
Tamsin very sociable and energetic.
She told all her friends, and many called us very quickly.
Ellie was more low-key.
She doesn't say a lot.
Such talk is something than to face all cancer patients.
But for patients with mesothelioma such discussions not even glimmers of hope, the ability to survive.
This disease is with them, even as, in the end, for Stephen Jay Gould grim certainty.
As Andrew Morgan says, "no mesothelioma is a threat to life.
The body nabalsamirovanh pharaohs zavorachivautsya in asbestos fabric.
Asbestos fibers are used for strengthening casseroles and increase (PE-RT).
Pliny describes asbestos.
Now invented the canvas, which did not ignite.
I saw the smouldering napkins, made from it in the fireplace feast
Modern commercial use of asbestos begins in Italy, where it is used for the manufacture of paper even banknotes and tissues.
Major asbestos mine opened in Canada and South Africa, and soon after that in America, Italy and Russia.
This is an ideal teploizolator for steam engines and turbines of the Industrial Revolution.
Global asbestos production grows to more than 30,000 tons per year.
Statistics from the Prudential reveal premature mortality among those who work with asbestos and which therefore denied life insurance.
Nellie Kershaw dies in Rochdale.
Dr. Henry Cooke shows that asbestos particles in her lungs were, without doubt, the main cause of death."
This is the first case of this type.
Kershaw, Turner Bros Asbestos, employers do not accept responsibility.
No compensation is paid.
During World War II is intensively developing shipbuilding, one of the most deadly professions in terms of exposure to asbestos.
Voluntary industry ban on the import of the blue asbestos
The Court of Appeal confirms the first successful claim about the health dangers caused as a result of contact with asbestos in the United Kingdom.
Global asbestos production grows more than to 4213000 tons per year.
Britain imports 139,000 tons.
The Executive Committee on health and safety issues in the UK requires that all contractors working with asbestos, received a license.
The import and use of blue and brown asbestos is prohibited by law in the UK.
All the use of asbestos is prohibited in the UK.
The act of Sertoli-Leydig adopted in the UK.
The scheme of compensation in the amount of £350 million declared.
Asbestos is prohibited in more than 50 countries, but white asbestos is still used in cheap construction materials in many parts of the world.
Global output is estimated at 2 million tons a year.
China refuses to give Hong Kong the right to choose leaders; the protesters vow revenge
China's parliament decided on Sunday does not allow Hong Kong voters to nominate candidates for the 2017 elections, despite the growing demands for democratic reform.
Such a move would likely start long promised protests in Hong Kong's business district, as activists began planning and mobilization in just a few hours after that statement.
The decision of the National People's Congress, in essence, allows communist leaders to remove all the candidates who are not loyal to Beijing.
"It's not obmanulo our expectations, but still results in a rage," said legislator Emily Lau, chairman of the Democratic Party.
This is not what Beijing promised.
They betrayed the people of Hong Kong.
And it is clear that we are dealing with the authoritarian regime.
Defending the decision of China, Li Fei, deputy secretary-general of the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress, said that to allow a nation-wide nomination on the election of Hong Kong's would have been too "chaotically."
Since 1997, when Britain handed control of Hong Kong back to China, Beijing promised to allow the residents of the region to choose by voting of the head of government, starting from 2017.
Chinese leaders have presented Sunday's decision as a democratic step forward, because it gives the right to a direct vote gongs; however, the decision also makes clear that Chinese leaders will continue to hold the process in his hands with the help of the Commission on the candidates, rigidly controlled from Beijing.
And, according to a new article, only candidates who "love the country and love Hong Kong" will be allowed in.
The decision was taken after the summer, when there were some of the largest protests in Hong Kong and have received wide publicity for many years.
For a large part of the pro-democracy campaign in Hong Kong is a movement of Hong Kong's Central With Love and Peace, which organizers threatened to block the financial district, if Beijing does not guarantee genuine universal suffrage.
Sunday night, after a few hours after the announcement, hundreds of supporters of Central gathered in the rain in front of the government headquarters in Hong Kong.
The demonstration organizers said that their movement is transferred to a new phase of civil disobedience and that they rise on the protest wave in the coming weeks.
Nevertheless, they said no details, obviously, in an effort to avoid problems with public authorities.
In onlinzayavlenii organizers reported that the movement "obdumyvalo opportunity to capture the central district only in an exceptional measure, actions that can be taken only if all the possibilities of dialogue have been exhausted and there is no other choice.
We with great regret to inform you that at the moment, all the possibilities of dialogue have been exhausted and the seizure of the central district of course will take place.
State authorities in Hong Kong were to Beijing's application for a few days, and on Sunday at the headquarters of the government, security measures were strengthened with the involvement of the police and barricades.
The unrest is the feeling among many in Hong Kong, they slowly lose control over their own city.
The influx of people from the mainland is intensifying competition in the field of goods and services.
Is also fear that Hong Kong's values, such as democracy and freedom of speech, are beginning to weaken under increasing pressure from Beijing.
Some criticize the movement of Central, saying that his demonstration jeopardize business is the source of Hong Kong's vitality.
The protest, which they say, it could lead to a large economic losses, depending on how many people will participate and for how long," said the legislator Regina Yip Man, which has long criticized the movement.
We don't want to spread the concern that Hong Kong can spin out of control.
This view, which is bad for investment.
Chinese state media also gave reports in recent days, in which Hong Kong activists democratic movement were shown diversants, the Western powers.
This summer the activists organized an unofficial referendum on electoral law, which drew 780000 participants - more than one fifth of the electorate of Hong Kong.
And in July, tens of thousands took on one of the biggest pro-democracy demonstrations in the history of the region.
American culture final balls to university life: For freshmen offered to arrive on a private jet
We are pleased to respond to such a demand by launching the first "luxury" category in the UK travel service for current students.
To leave a vivid impression from arrival at the university, the company also offers transportation options such as a private plane, Rolls-Royce Phantom, Aston Martin or McLaren P1.
Mr. Stewart also said that the service thought about security.
This service is a perfect alternative for students, which usually have to carry their belongings across the country in dangerously loaded machine.
In conjunction with our new options for vif, we look forward to it, as this year to help students get to university with a minimum of effort and a maximum of luxury.
A company spokesman said that, as this service had just started, we have not yet received, but added that "students will order this service in the next few weeks."
The company also said that despite the fact that students faces the need to pay £9,000 a year tuition, she still hopes to find a market for this service.
The students of today are quite different from the students, 10, 20, 30 or 40 years ago in terms of expectations and hopes: More important than ever to make a great first impression, and VIF - exactly what to do so.
Nevertheless, the National Union of students criticized this service as otorvanny from reality.
Megan Dunn, vice-president of NSS on higher education, said: "This project is an out-of-context character from the lives of most students.
Many students, who this month will begin to study at the university, faced with the cost of living crisis, when no financial support in the form of loans and grants available to the rapidly rising costs of basic needs, before they can even begin to think about how to remove thousands of pounds on something like a simple arrival in a hostel.
The feminists raise the issue of race and the behavior of the police after Ferguson
Unarmed teenager was killed by a police officer in Ferguson, Missouri, earlier this month.
The raise their hands, chanting "hands up, don't shoot," while they are waiting in the queue in front of a funeral.
After two weeks of protests in Ferguson, Missouri, with the killing of unarmed teenager Michael Brown, a blogger Perez Miriam Zoila noticed the shift in internetrazgovore among white feminists.
In her experience, white feminists, ostavlyavshie comments raised gender above race, when we discussed promoting reproductive rights and income inequality.
However, as the tension grew in the Midwest and has attracted nationwide attention, Peres saw the responses of white women who concentrated on 100 percent on the race.
Compared with the reaction of black women shortly after the killing on August 9, personal essays with titles such as "thought about Ferguson on behalf of a white woman" and "feminism is not only about the repression of women" appeared relatively late.
But for Peres they demonstrated a significant shift.
"feminism, I don't think that there are a lot of people who talk about white skin and privileges at such a high level," she said.
People felt the need to say something about what has happened.
It is very symbolic for the crisis that we face, and because of the situation in Ferguson so tied to race, they felt that it should be specified.
For a professor of English at the University of Ohio Corita Mitchell Ferguson exposed problems, with black American women face every day, but that is not perceived as "women's problems" in the cultural sphere.
"I can write something funny in Facebook about what's going on with me and my partner, and get 150 Likes from everywhere," says Mitchell.
When I write something about how colored people have been under attack in his own country, the silence zaps.
"why women safely publicly talk about the relationship, but not about the safety of the public sphere?," she asks.
For black women, like Mitchell, who studied the issues of race, gender and sexuality in the history of the United States, there is no dichotomy between race and gender issues.
From her point of view, black women are in the position to clearly distinguish these problems; they are faced with a complex reality every day.
At the same time, as white women are now the issues of race and gender in the feminist mainstream, Featherstone Hatter, a professor of women's and gender studies at George Mason University, says that their predecessor did the opposite.
"between 1865 and 1890 lynched, at least 10,000 black men, and the reason for this is almost always served as the rape of a white woman," said Hatter.
A white woman, the story needed to justify the lynching party.
From the point of view of Hatter, the gap between white and black women occurred when white suffragists Susan B. Anthony, for example, have studied the situation in the late 1800s, and saw that the fight for suffrage will be effective only for one of the groups: Women or blacks.
"They decided to lay all the eggs in the basket of voting rights for women, and the right to vote for blacks was to appear at a later date," said Hatter.
Look back on such things gives us a clear idea why colored women don't trust white women.
We have not done anything good.
We never helped black women to protect their husbands and sons.
Even after women won the right to vote in 1920, took ten years to white women have come together against lynchy lynchy in women of the South Asian Association for prevention.
This group appeared in nearly 40 years, after black women asked for help for the first time, Mitchell said.
From the point of view of Mitchell, the rise of white feminists on the issues raised by the situation in Ferguson - the behavior of the police, racial discrimination - reflects a time when a feminist white had to "catch up" the problems that black women enquiring in several generations.
"true, it would be great if the promoters, who have such [traditional] feminist ideology, so we would have taken the right to raise a child, as they relate to the right to contraception?," asked Mitchell.
The second wave feminists who have made careers on the fight for reproductive rights and access to contraceptives, are now beginning to understand what that means.
The famous white activist Gloria Steinem feministic movements through two weeks after the killing of Michael Brown seized Facebook and published the article columnist Guardian Rebecca Carroll, which demanded that white Americans took more participation in the protests on racism.
"I hope that women who have the other, but a similar reason to understand the danger of the body - and the public point of view on racial issues, which differ significantly in the polls - will be at the head of change," wrote Steinem.
Although Steinem for more resemble feminism, which includes the issues of race, gender, and her comments about race in America still has some surprising.
The American entrepreneurial institute researcher Christina Sommers, author of "Who Stole feminism?," said She The People, that young men of color in the United States, especially young people," are much more vulnerable than their sisters," but Steinem remarks about Ferguson contradict criticism that she expressed earlier.
We now have hundreds of special programs for girls and young women, but almost nothing for boys.
But when the White House recently initiated a small program, "Stroz my brother" to help vulnerable ispanogovoryaschim and black youths, was followed by the ireful reaction from many feminists, including Gloria Steinem.
Police relations with the black community is not the only problem, proge advanced line of traditional feminism.
After the United States Coast Guard arrested about 63000 unaccompanied minors on the country's southwestern border this year, immigration reform again came out on the surface - this time as the problem of women.
Andrea Mercado, co-chairman of We Belong Together, an organization that mobilizes women in support for immigration reform, said that to raise this issue as important for women, she needed only to share stories of immigrant women.
"They speak for themselves," said Mercado.
When the vast majority of working visas are issued [immigrantammuzhcinam], the women that come with them, find themselves in the position, vulnerable to domestic violence and exploitation.
"these stories are among women's organizations," she said.
Ipswich house" with the pig" sold
A photograph of a house for sale in Suffolk, was removed, real estate agents, when it turned out that the large pig hotele in the living room.
Put on sale for £120,000, a separate one-bedroom house is on a private road in Ipswich.
A detailed description of a different photo of the living room of the house - which was a pig's head, stationary on the couch.
The real estate agency Connells reported that the pig on the photo is the owner of the house home favorite.
"However, the photo was posted in error and has been removed," a company spokesman said.
A detailed description of the house, Connells described the former house of assembly as "a separate one-bedroom house."
Despite the fact that the agency barred a photo from your web site, it still persists in promotional materials.
The sale of the house raised interest in social networks, where some asked whether the pig sold along with the house.
Russian tennis player Maria Sharapova in the fourth round of the US Open match stepis Caroline Wozniacki, believes that she lacks stability.
According to sportsmen, she wants to finish the year and try to go to a new level, reports from New York Vasily Osipov.
As you appreciate their results in general on the "of Grand Slam tournaments this year?
Of course, I'm glad that we managed to win at Roland Garros."
As for the other three tournaments, then I lacked stability, especially in some matches koncked.
Now I, of course, upset.
It has not reached even before extra-time.
What are the tasks put before him until the end of the season?
After the defeat insult I have a huge motivation to go to a new level.
I have a lot to work on, and I'm going to do everything possible to end the year.
Asian tournament series begins within weeks.
A member of the Duma Committee for Physical Culture, Sports and Youth, a former world champion Nikolai Valuev proposed for the implementation of the Technical Review Panel to give bonuses when in higher education.
According to him, the regulations will be the same, as in Soviet times, people will take the tightening regulations, running and other exercises.
12 subjects of Russia will begin to implement from September 1 on its territory TRP regulations.
I also offered students who passed the Technical Review Panel to give bonuses when in higher education," said Valuev.
For example, you can add points to USE them a little bit.
There are also proposals to give an additional output to employees of companies that have passed these sports tests.
In the town of Harvey in South Wales a new millionaire after winning the lottery
The player in the lottery of Harvey in this month.
The search for a new millionaire in the southwest of Perth, where one lucky man take home nearly $1.1 million from the entrants in Saturday night.
Newsstand in Harvey brings gold in the draw for the main prize for the second time in five years, the last win was $1 million in November 2009.
But the winner udachlivomu still need to express yourself.
The shop owner Steve Forward said that the win sparked excitement in a small town southwest of Perth.
The whole city talks about it, and everyone is very excited.
We thought that such a win would be secret.
Eight winners from Western Australia celebrated the win the main prize in the last month, marking the completion of a few good weeks for state players.
Last week, a player from Canning Weil became one of five millionaires in August, following a huge $7,5-миллионным win a pair of Belmont in just a few weeks before.
Winning a couple plays for twenty years and said that the win gave them the opportunity to travel around the world and buy a new house.
Slumdog Harvey the number won the main prize in Western Australia to 59 this year, with a total prize of $85 million.
The Economic Development Ministry wants to accelerate growth in electric vehicle market
This week's Economic Development will make the government a comprehensive plan for the development of clean vehicles in Russia, deputy director of the department of the Ministry of Oleg Konstantin told the Round, which conducted the "Vedomosti" Moscow Motor Show - 2014.
The plan is made on behalf of the government, one of the main goals of reducing greenhouse gas emissions.
It is expected that the document will be adopted in late September and early October, says Konstantin, the proposed measures concerning electric vehicles and hybrids - a development plan gazomotornom fuel vehicles in Russia already has.
The plan has a copy of the "Vedomosti" is designed for 2014-2017.
To develop criteria of electric and hybrid vehicles to decide how to stimulate the use and production of environmentally friendly vehicles.
The government report, which will be described tax and customs measures of support electric transport, will be prepared by December 2014; the concessional lending and preferential leasing scheme will appear by April 2015; and proposals to reduce the prices of cars, localization efforts and the creation of a service infrastructure will be developed by October 2015
In the 2014-2015's plan to make changes in regulations, in order to ease the conditions for building the infrastructure zard on the car parks, petrol stations, etc.
In addition, federal officials intend for 2015 to formulate proposals for regional authorities also to stimulate the use of clean transport - in the form of providing him the advantages of the movement and parking, for example; and by February 2016 - and suggestions about the state of transport.
Finally, the Ministry of Economic Development already by October 2014 will make the criteria for the assessment of regional authorities in the list of indicators that reflect the effectiveness of support for the production of clean transport, zard infrastructure development.
The market for electric vehicles in Russia as long as it is formed in 2013 across the country sold about 100 electric vehicles.
In early 2014 oblana an import duty on the electric cars, so the sale will be approximately 500 pieces, predicts Andrei Pankov, chief executive officer of Mitsubishi Motors in Russia.
But TSE growth does not make any noticeable: Electric cars in Russia in 2013, according to the Association of European Businesses, 2.78 million cars and light commercial vehicles sold.
So far, the electric cars in Russia only imports Mitsubishi Motors.
Start the import is preparing Renault - the company focused primarily on corporate clients, Renault, director for strategic planning and partnerships in Russia says Nicolas shafts.
Most other manufacturers of electric transport took a wait-and-see approach toward Russia.
The development of electric vehicles by the Russian producers - "," GAZ,"," but a release.
For example, in January - July 2014, according to the "ASMholdinga, Avtovaz released 30 electric vehicles.
Demand is low because of the cost of electric vehicles, Sergei Amanow recognizes the engineering director of AvtoVAZ, without state support, a breakthrough in this segment will not....
The development of the Russian market of electric vehicles in addition to the cost of the machines, those electric cars that are sold in Russia, on average twice more expensive analogues with internal combustion engines of the underdeveloped infrastructure zard stations - units, sighs Avtostata CEO Sergei pillars.
Because of the costs involved and the low rate of cost reduction electric cars in the next 3-4 years will remain niche segment of the Russian market, forecasts Avtorevu editor-in-chief Mikhail Podorozhansky, pillars agrees with him.
Automakers, on the other hand, say that certain models of electric vehicles are already close to the usual cost.
The Russian market electric vehicles have good prospects, the main thing is to instill confidence in consumers that "electromobility" is real; this, in particular, will contribute to the emergence of the new charging stations, underscores the BMW group in Russia President Wolfgang Slime.
Such infrastructure projects, for example, the state-owned company Rossetti": A few stations built in Moscow, soon there will be another 80.
Talks about building a network of stations and with other regions.
According to the director of the department of "Rosseta Vladimir Sofina, the company believes in electric vehicle market and is ready to build gas stations across the country, but there are problems: A small number of electric vehicles in the country and the lack of a single standard for charging different brands.
In addition, "Rossetti" as the network company does not have the right to sell electricity, the possibility to do it against the charge of electric vehicles.
Punk believes the most effective measure of state support in Russia's electric vehicle market fiasco customs duties.
The zero rate will act before the end of 2014, the possibility of its renewal, expand the preferential list.
The replacement of ecological tax idea is discussed and applies to all cars also will support the market, but not as tangible as customs preferences, said music compositions.
Vehicle tax in Russia is small, says Pankov, unlike, for example, from Norway, where the tax cut has led to a sharp rise in sales of electric vehicles - now they account for 12% of the market.
In Russia needs and stimulus measures for car owners, such as free parking in the city centre, as has been done in Moscow, sure Pankov, or the possibility of movement of electric vehicles on dedicated lanes, which in Russia are not yet available.
The private plane crashed in Colorado
Odnomotorny Piper PA-46 aircraft crashed in the U.S. state of Colorado.
Three of the five people that are in it, were killed, Itar-Tass reports.
Survivors taken to hospital.
The accident occurred in a few kilometers from the city of Denver airport runway.
Now we are the causes of the tragedy.
In the Donetsk region are with militants of the battalion "Donbass" of prisoners.
The murderers of Ilovaisky.
They were to their own commanders, and dozens of the security forces were killed under fire.
Those who survived say if they knew what the reality is that the situation in the southeast of Ukraine, war would not have gone.
108 prisoners can be described as schastlivchikami.
Caratelli from the battalion "Donbass" were alive after the "arenas," in which they came under Ilovaisky.
Surrounded by the army of the Donetsk People's Republic fighters spent a few days actually abandoned by their commanders and the authorities of Ukraine.
When the staff reported that the "Ring" can go along the corridor, the column allegedly moved.
But just a couple of minutes from all sides booed shells and bullets.
"based on the information that I have given us, we had a corridor, was allowed to go out," said acting deputy battalion commander, a callsign "Lermontov.
And when we between Mnogopolem and Chervonoselskim went down in the bottoms 30-милиметровых started a fire with anti-tank guided missiles, with "sense, grenade launchers, automatic guns BMD, small arms.
Ahead of me were four cars and left behind three cars, in the end, only two.
An officer with our staying" Lermontov says: Almost immediately, at least 60 people were killed, dozens were injured, many died later.
The survivors fighters now provide medical assistance to those whom they came to kill.
The prisoners now wonder what the so-called "terrorists" treat them well, provide food, medical supplies.
At the time, as their own commanders actually betrayed them and the company to certain death.
Just betrayed us," they say.
A column, the entire battalion to destroy it.
In the "Donbass" battalion, like many of his comrades, he enrolled as a volunteer, because in Ukrainian news about the atrocities allegedly atrocious southeast "separatists."
Here he saw a very different picture.
His mother in the Luhansk killed - and not one, but the Ukrainian military.
I called a friend, said that the shelling is minuet, that it is likely the Ukrainian armed forces," one of the soldiers, he said.
I then wanted to withdraw from the battalion.
We do not leave Ilovaisk, said that we in the ring.
I have agreed with the commander, the report has already been written about the care.
Us with fees with Zurahovo immediately taken in Ilovaisk.
According to prisoners, the "pot" under Ilovaisky stuck 300-350 people.
Some of the survivors now admit that if we could turn back the clock, the punitive battalion they go for anything that would not take effect.
All prisoners militias handed the security officials.
Each of the spree of involvement in war crimes.
In the region is the headquarters to restrict food prices
In the Krasnoyarsk region established headquarters, which will limit the rise in food prices in the market in the region.
The decree creating this structure has already signed.
The staff included members of the government, members of the executive and supervisory agencies.
Together, they will keep an eye on the prices for agricultural products in the province.
The Economy - whether Kiev ask- Rosneft's $140 million loss?
The head of Rosneft, Igor Sechin said that the company assesses the damage from the shelling Lisichanskogo refinery in Ukraine in $140 million
This, he said in an interview with Spiegel.
"We assess the damage at $140 million and will negotiate with the Ukrainian government about the payment of compensation," Sechin said.
According to him, commissioning a modernized company Lisichansk refinery was in 2014
However, part of the plant was destroyed by the Ukrainian artillery.
"There was no fighting, there was no "entrenched insurgency, but the Ukrainian artillery destroyed part of the industrial facility.
In addition, my own technological oil zakachannaya in the pipes," he said.
On July 18, in connection with fire Lisichanskogo refinery burned oil storage tank and destroyed the building of two warehouses.
Lisichansk refinery - the main oil refinery in Ukraine, the first stage of the company put into operation in October 1976
The total capacity of Lisichanskogo refinery is about 7 million tons of crude oil per year.
The plant is able to produce diesel fuel "Euro-4" standard, as well as the party's standard "Евро-5."
In March 2012 oil supplies at Lisichansk refinery were suspended in connection with his unprofitableness.
The company it was decided to start repairs.
A year later, Rosneft received Lisichansk refinery, along with other Ukrainian assets of TNK-BP.
North Korea has short-range projectile launches in the direction of the Sea of Japan.
According to South Korean media happened around 10: 30 a.m. local time on the part of the province Chagang Province, which is located on the border between North Korea and China.
As South Korea, allegedly told "Interfax" in the Joint Committee of Staff, landed in the Inland Sea after flew about 220 kilometers.
The ruble is falling on the back of geopolitical pressures
The dollar on the Moscow stock exchange rose at the opening on 3 kopeks to 37,15 rubles, the ruble fell to dual-currency basket amid geopolitical tensions.
Trading on dollar Fours off deals within 37,11-37,2 Br $1, in two minutes on average rate recorded at 37,16 Br $1, it is above the level of the previous close on 4 kopeks.
The euro was 48,79 rubles for 1 euro, it is 3 kopeks above the level of the previous close.
The dual-currency basket price added 3.5 kopeks and amounted to RUR 42,395.
The U.S. dollar is traded on 23 routes above the official rate, the euro is on 16 kopecks above the official rate.
The Russian market on Friday, August 29, continued a rapid decline, but panic in this time than in the past.
The third floor and the ruble continued and even has a historic high against the dollar.
Now investors already otygryvaut deterioration of the geopolitical situation and possible new sanctions to Russia.
So far, however, it is more like an artificial hysterics, pitched through the media, particularly in the West.
Following the introduction of new sanctions to Russia not so much longer.
"At the opening of the Moscow stock exchanges the ruble TeleTRADE continues a sharp weakening against the dual-currency basket.
The geopolitical backdrop remains a defining factor.
If, however, in the near future we will see a new negative, and Russian indices, and the position of the national currency can correction.
Orenburg Airlines will sue with "Idealturom."
Orenburg Airlines faced "Idealturu" claims totaling 4.7 billion rubles.
It is about two things, the meeting will be held in October.
The cases will be different judges.
According to Interfax, the first lawsuit was filed on August 14.
It is a bit more than 425 million rubles.
The meeting scheduled for October 7.
The second claim was filed on August 18.
His total of 4.24 billion rubles.
The meeting scheduled for October 2.
As tourist industry, the judge told reporters in the Russian Union Affairs are different.
In July in the media information about debt "Idealtura" before "irregular aviliniami" appeared in the amount of 1.5 billion rubles.
The airline's CEO Viktor Zukin says about the amount of the 1.6 billion rubles.
Aeroflot CEO Vitaly Saveliev calls an even greater amount - two billion rubles.
Twitter tried to become more interesting for new users
Microblog service Twitter has changed the registration process users to quickly engage new participants in an active interaction with a platform.
This measure should reduce the number of people zabrosivshih their microblogs.
Now the new Twitter users will view during the registration of a large number of recommended service accounts to immediately make his reading circle.
The recommendations are based on the registration of interest.
At the same time, Twitter automatically installs a tick on a subscription for all automatically selected accounts.
Because of this the user will have to shoot tokenism, so as not to read those who did not interest him.
If earlier microblog service users have seen only avatarki recommended users, Twitter now displays a sample of one popular blogger Tweets, to help create the impression of a man.
This is the biggest change in the registration page Twitter over the past three years.
Recently, Twitter is actively working on the modernization of the service.
Such activity is, above all, with the ongoing efforts of the service to break even.
In 2014 microblog service faced the user base growth slowdown and a drop in activity of readers.
The company currently desperately needs more loyal consumer resource, which, again, would remain for a long time.
The only way to ensure a steady stream of advertising funds.
Knowledge in Moscow will be zaba and rainy day
The first of September in the Moscow region throughout the day will be cool and rainy, meteorologists say.
The temperature in Moscow will be from 16 to 18 degrees, in the Moscow region is 13-18 degrees.
Under cloudy weather with clearings, places will be held rain, wind, eastern quarter at the same time will be quite weak - just 3-8 meters per second.
Car scrappage program was from September 1
From September 1 in Russia is the car recycling program.
Until December 31, 2014 at 10 billion roubles for these purposes.
As the head of the Russian Denis Manturov explained, the money has already been allocated from the limits to the support of the Ministry of Industry and Trade of the Russian Federation by redistribution from other directions.
The program touches all cars over six years.
The amount of compensation will be from 40 thousand for the car up to 350 thousand rubles for the cargo.
Earlier in Russia already had a similar car recycling program.
The main difference of this project, the minister said, is that it is now not only recycling machines for further discounts, but also the possibility in the event that the car has reached the age of more than six years, to purchase a new discount in the old in the dealer "trading, Interfax news agency reports.
On the previous federal program, recycling strategies from January 1, 2010 to December 31, 2011, was spent more than 16 billion rubles.
Thanks to her, the level of production of passenger cars in 2010 amounted to about 1.2 million units this plus 101,4% compared to 2009.
The creator of Coming Out Simulator will release the game about modern journalism
Gamedesigner Nikki Case, known on Coming Out Simulator game decided to release the game about modern journalism.
He spoke about his project in an interview with Kill Screen.
Case began work on the game a few weeks ago, but this fact popularity has only now.
The events in Ferguson became a source of inspiration for the game, now where are the protests that began after a police officer killed an unarmed black teenager.
The focus of the project, which so far has no name, will be how news coverage stories affects their consequences.
The game's hero, civilian journalist, will need to photograph what is happening in areas where clashes between the police and the population.
The hero can photograph it differently, that will affect the course of events.
If he will stage so that the police will look like heroes, and protesters - bandits, police will relate better to him and to where the common man cannot pass.
If he will highlight the events differently, his photographs can turn peaceful protest into a riot.
Points in the game will need to gain new subscribers with twitter hero, which will appear, if the photos posted there will be popular.
The game so far has no name.
The date of the release and the platform on which it appears, are unknown.
Keyes, however, has published the image, showing how the event could change depending on how the photo made and processed about it.
In an interview, Kill Screen Case explained that he considered the concept of this game for a long time, but initially wanted to dedicate her not protests in the United States, and events in the Gaza Strip.
After he began to gather material for a game, gamedesigner realized that he lacks the knowledge and skills to cover the history of the region.
But when he saw how the media covered the events in Ferguson, he decided to make a play based on the incident.
Nikki Case is an independent developer, which produces a gripping game.
The most famous of his project was Coming Out Simulator, released in 2014.
This game in which talks about the events of the biography Kees, homophobic parents is devoted to how bisexual teenager is trying to tell about their relationships.
Geletey draws Ukraine in the continuation of the bloodshed
Call to prepare for another "tens of thousands" of victims of Ukrainian Defense Minister Valeriy Geletey draws people in a bloody confrontation, the Russian Foreign Ministry said in the message.
"in Moscow, of course, Valery Geletey drew attention to the head of the Ukrainian defense statements, the completion of the operation on the release of the East of Ukraine from terrorists" and the beginning of the Great Patriotic War," the loss of which will be to "tens of thousands."
The degree of the adequacy of the head of military institutions of Ukraine, publisher of the above post on his Facebook page, is not a subject for studies of specialists in the military field," Russian diplomats said in the message.
They can hardly believe that such statements may belong to the Minister of Defense of civilized state.
On his Facebook page, the Minister of Defense of Ukraine wrote on Monday: "through unofficial channels, the Russian side has already threatened several times that in the case of the continuation of resistance, they are ready to use tactical nuclear weapons against us."
At the same time, he said that "the operation on the release of the east of Ukraine" is complete.
Perez Hilton removed all the intimate photos of stars and apologized
Today, the horror hit more than 60 Hollywood stars.
Hackers broke primitive passwords in iCloud data warehouse in smartphones, after which their intimate pictures appeared on the website blogger Perez Hilton.
However, for a short time.
The official representative of "hunger games" star Jennifer Lawrence has already reported the theft of photos with her mobile phone, and confirmed that all the images "shine" on the Web is genuine.
Perez Hilton is the creator of saitatabloida apologized actress Jennifer Lawrence and her colleagues at the workshop for publishing their explicit images, The Independent wrote.
No, no one made me do it.
With me were not their agents.
And now I delete sexually explicit photos of Jennifer Lawrence and Victoria Justice," wrote a blogger on Twitter.
However, all sexually explicit photos of stars already razletelisl on the Web.
David Beckham was involved in a traffic accident, hiding from the paparazzi
David Beckham was involved in a traffic accident on a motorcycle, to escape the paparazzi.
It happened on the corner of Sunset Boulevard in Los Angeles.
A British footballer ushibom and stretching the muscles of his right arm.
Beckham came from tatusalona, where it were the paparazzi.
Ullan from their prosecution on a motorcycle, he did not deliver on the corner with the management and fell, TMZ reports citing sources close to the Player.
In the end, Beckham got hurt, stretching the muscles of the right hand and scratches.
Tony Stewart crashed, back on track
The return of Tony Stewart on the track was already a little more than it was in the middle of the race at Atlanta Motor Speedway.
Stewart hit the wall for the second time, after his right front tire ruptured on lap 172, putting an end to his performance.
Stewart has its potrepannuu car to the garage and then went out, not talking with reporters.
His team leader Chad Johnston said that 14 members of the team are upset, but now will race in the following weekend in Richmond, Virginia.
"I would like to attempt was more successful and more successful finish for him," Johnston said.
We go in Richmond and, hopefully, there we have it better.
Stewart first hit the wall earlier in the race Sunday evening after clashes with Kyl Bush that required repair on the right side of his car.
"I started today with a pretty big hope is to come to the finish," Johnston said, adding, "Just do it."
Shortly after the second accident, Stuart machine was put on the tow truck, and the team gathered and was ready to leave.
Stewart missed three NASCAR Sprint Cup race after his car hit and killed another driver during the race on a dirt track in upstate New York.
He decided to return this week, and he needed to win or in Atlanta, or on the following races in Richmond, to take part in presledovanii.
He returned to work during the investigation of the tragic incident, in which 20-year-old Kevin Ward Jr. died, which went out on the track to express discontent Stewart Brand during the race.
Law enforcement agencies reported on Friday that the trial of the causes of the accident will continue, at least two more weeks.
The decision about whether Stewart will be charged, was not accepted.
Champion was met with loud applause and, when it was before the race.
Roadshow with the 12th position, Stewart walked in the first 10 at the beginning of the race, reached the fourth position.
Then on lap 122 after restarting Bush number.
The machine 18 off the path on the exit of Turn 2 and the SUV Stuart, tolking both cars into the wall.
Stewart continued, but dropped to bearish positions.
Sobchak and of cigarettes with Zhvanetsky breakfasts in Odessa
Ksenia Sobchak and Maxim Vitorgan are now in Odessa, the presenter did not fail to report in its Instagram.
The truth is that one picture is very surprised and very smutila fans of the pair.
This photo taken in front of Zhvanetskiy.
"on the breakfast at Mikhail Mihalca of Zhvanetskiy Maxim explains what is Instagram is fine. # odessa international airport," Ksenia Sobchak has signed a photo.
However, anything other than cigarettes on the table is not present.
No coffee, bread rolls, butter and other things.
Fans of the pair decided that Ksyusha also smokes, and condemned her for it.
"whose cigarette?," "smoking kills!," "special cigarette breakfast," "Verde would at breakfast on the table only cigarettes J," "Xenia, you also smoke?," is sorely distressed for their lubimitsu subscribers to her blog.
Sobchak recently pohvastalasl to what a delicious dinner for the first time in my life prepared her Maxim Vitorgan.
"Schasteeto when come on the villa, and her husband to your arrival prepared the dinner for the first time to marital, but what вкусный.Главное, now at the end of the dinner was not told the joke words: "to make every day now," Ksenia Sobchak pohvastalasl her husband.
The picture shows that Maximus prepares something with diligence, and on the table has already filed pickles and baked chicken.
The Bulgarian prison officers conducted a national protest
Hundreds of prison officials from across the country held a national protest in front of the Ministry of Justice in the capital of Sofia.
In the course of a peaceful demonstration they repeated their demands to return earlier working conditions that have recently been changed.
The wage increase is also included in the list of requirements, which will be discussed with the interim Justice Minister Hristo Ivanov.
Within a month, officers have expressed a symbolic protest against the new work schedule, demanding the return of the former.
Despite the fact that the union prison officials have repeatedly met with representatives of the Ministry of Justice, the agreement has not been reached, the Bulgarian National Radio reports declared independence.
Negotiations continue, said the head of the Department of punishments Rosen Zhelyazkov declared independence.
It is expected that prison officials, members of the Federation of Trade Unions to protest the trade union employees of the Ministry of the Interior.
The army controls Thailand's new government
General Prayuth appointed to the post of Minister of Defense Prawit Wongsuwan left.
The country's military ruler and Thailand's Prime Minister General Prayuth Chanocha announced the composition of a new cabinet, in which more than a third of posts are generals or retired generals.
Army officials received key positions: The ministers of defense, finance, foreign affairs and trade.
On Monday, Prayuth Chanocha was officially confirmed in the post of prime minister in the wake of the way Thailand's king officially approved the appointment of the head of the interim military government on this post.
In the country's 60-year military, 880-913 power in a bloodless coup on May 22, was the only candidate for the premiership post.
He was elected prime minister in a parliamentary session.
The army had previously appointed members of Parliament.
According to Prayuth Chanocha, the coup was the only way to maintain stability.
He was preceded by six months prole demonstrations, during which protesters demanded the resignation of the government of Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra.
Officially Prayuth Chanocha prime minister will be temporary, because the military plan to hold a general election at the end of 2015.
However, there are fears that the military is trying to consolidate its power in the country.
The military came to power on May 22
Against the backdrop of the civil authorities complete paralysis.
The leaders of the main political parties have been subjected to temporary detention.
Immediately after the military came to power they have put temporary arrest of the country's leading politicians, including Prime Minister Yingluk Shinawat.
Some journalists and public figures were also detained.
The current political crisis is rooted in 2006, when the army shifted from the post of Prime Minister Thaksin's brother Yingluk Shinawat.
Both are popular among the rural population, especially in northern areas of the country that has ensured the success at the polls.
However, many in the middle class and the metropolitan elite entered antipravitelstvennoe movement, which since November 2013 practically paralyzed the country.
Nobody said that, in a salad, mussels will be better, I promised not to do this, the waitress from the new Palm brasserie otshuchivaetsya.
Must formally acknowledge that this is true, but the mind and stomach remain adamant.
For all already know: We say "Belgium" - mean mussels, we say "mussels" mean "Belgium."
Drinks like glubokomyslenno proclaim that the institution's success depends on three factors: It's location, location and location once again.
There are places that are not that good, even great, but free nevezucie.
In short, a Palm, I remembered that once was possible "Gorodok" cafe in honor of the same TV, then "Odessamama Druzhba," and even "Beaujolais" restaurant and beer.
Now here again beer, but has not nostalgiceskisovetskaya but Belgian.
Above the ground is only the tip of the iceberg: The bar counter and a couple of tables, all the rest of the space without even hint on sunlight.
But fun here, as in the nursery: Red, yellow and green walls, colorful chairs, instead of windows - TVs, where devushkirusalki float.
The Belgian institutions in St. Petersburg for a long time is no longer a novelty, so to compare them with anything.
Here eight species of draught beer 260-300 rubles for 0.5 l and countless bottleneck 170-1550 rubles.
The waitress Companeyskipositivnaya fun represents the menu, telling that "mussels is hearty and large seeds," note: The service, despite isolated infractions, is the most positive side Palm.
The menu is expected in content, but often very suddenly on the execution.
Well who, for example, given to predict that meat loaf with prunes, 280 rubles - actually carpaccio, narzan vallon besides so thinly that parchment paper compared with it will matter ugly thick.
You can feel some taste only if grest poltarelki time.
The salads is even worse.
Classic Liège, 260 should only be considered a crime against the Belgian people: Some pojuhly iceberg potatoes, otvarennaya once upon a time, raskisshaya Kenyan beans, pickled onion oderevenelye chips from the bacon plus for some reason.
With such lies salad does not want the meeting to anyone!
The list of ingredients Belgian salad was partly to others, but it, too, was not positive.
If the nedozrevshie quartine cherry tomatoes or perejarennye champignons did you close your eyes, then why mussels look like for the life of them several times to unfreeze and boil!
I already know: There are quite normal belomor mussels!
Serves them in the sauce of your choice" castryulkah 490-560 rubles for 0.5 kg.
A half-dozen sauces, the one that has not made of white wine, celery and carrots, frankly.
Vegetables are, and the flavor is missing, and whether there was wine, so remains a mystery.
But good rely to mids Frits with homemade mayonnaise.
Chicken waterzooi here - not pokhlebka thick to such an extent that, depending on the mood can address, the first or second dish before you, and just a lovely creamy Supcik.
It was declared that a rabbit, a local chef prepares the beer sauce, and said nothing about gorse.
On, the situation appeared to be diametrically opposite: Rosemary zaglushal is everything.
The impression that this rabbit with life fed exclusively rosmarinic coustic, causing the meat has acquired such extraordinary flavor.
But at the same time to a rabbit leg above mentioned a great - no, just excellent caramelized pear core.
Wafers in Palm offer not only sweet, but hearty 220-280 - with beef, chicken or bacon and cheese.
Maple sauce was unnecessarily vodyanist and waffles suhovaty.
But podoshedshaya to the table manager very informally asked lunch impressions.
So, should come again.
The dollar rose above 37 rubles on the MICEX on the news about the West for new sanctions against Russia.
This is a new historical record.
The dollar "tomorrow" to 10: 30 Moscow time grew 26.9 cents and was 37,02 ruble, the euro rose 30 cents to 48,73 ruble, data on the Moscow stock exchanges.
Bicurt basket grew 28 cents to the level of the previous closing and cost 42,28 ruble.
The dollar reached their peak before the Crimean events on February 19, 2009 - then he cost 36,43 ruble, and on March 3, 2014, he was already 37,005 ruble.
On the night of August 29, the White House said that President Barack Obama and German Chancellor Angela Merkel to discuss the possibility of imposing additional sanctions against Russia.
The weakening of the ruble is long-term in nature, and the couple with the euro, and the couple with the dollar.
The long-term forecast assumed this mark," said senior analyst at Alpari' Anna Bodrov.
All that is connected with Ukraine, one way or another will be reflected on the course.
As long as this continues, investors will react.
Rumors about the US-led invasion today confirmed nor on the one hand, but the market was very emotional.
All the talk about the fact that he was stable to this news, yesterday were dashed.
A week, according to forecasts, will close around these levels - 36,90 and 37,05 rubles to the dollar.
The tax period ended, oil prices, weak, politics, sanctions, the problem of transit of gas through Ukraine are all links of the same chain.
Also predicts the dispersal of inflation: The current prices for autumn pribavitsya from 5 to 10%.
Soon, by the same token, end seasonal fruit and vegetables, and there will be a vacuum until reorienting network to other suppliers.
"The dollar went up to the mark in 37 rubles, took it and returned back to some powerful hysteria is not," said Konstantin Bushuev, head of market analysis of "Opening Broker".
Will still watch, will enter Saturday promised sanctions, as will sit NATO.
The ruble, he said, has sharply after the end of the tax season, then went to the news on Ukraine, by the same token, the Central Bank said last week that before the end of the year, fully moves to a floating exchange rate and disclaims any currency interventions.
If you look at the daytime swing, it is no different from the previous ones within this month, all frighten the mark in 37 rubles," the analyst continued.
And so, in terms of turnover powerful thing did not happen.
Worrying times for the currency market were, as I recall when at the end of January was the increased demand for the currency, as well as on March 3, when the Central Bank shipped a record number of currencies.
In the IC UFS is seen as a positive side of weakening the ruble.
First of all, it is part of the budget revenue growth from export operations, as well as improving the competitiveness of domestic manufacturers at the expense of rising imports, chief analyst at IC UFS Alexei Kozlov said.
Import prices of goods and services can be attributed to the negative points.
Sharp fluctuations of the Russian currency significantly reduce the attractiveness of investing in the Russian economy, provoke rising inflationary pressures and, as a result, are the reason for rising borrowing money that, in turn, inhibits the development of the country's economy.
If we talk about the stock market, the devaluation of the ruble somewhat ameliorate the declines in stock prices, expressed in rubles.
For example, MICEX Index during trading Thursday fell 1.67 percent and the RTS Index lost 3.27%.
Such a significant difference in the relative value index decline can be explained by a weakening of the ruble during the day by more than 1.5%.
The weakening of the ruble has emotional character and can be explained by the mass desire to buy the currency.
Gradually, as the practice shows no emotion on the budget and the rouble quotes partially or fully restore the lost positions.
"believe, soon we will be able to see the ratio of the dollar and the Russian currency near the level of 36 rubles to the dollar," said Alexei Kozlov.
A genetic disorder often incorrectly diagnosed
Britan reported that she spent many years, thinking that dies after a diagnosis is wrong.
Katherine Rogers spent much of his adolescence, thinking that she has left to live just a few years, after she was diagnosed with another disease.
In fact, she had the disease SharkoMariTuta SMT - a group of hereditary disorders that cause damage nerves outside the brain and spine.
CMT UK charity organization reported that the diagnosis is wrong - a common problem among people with SMT, because so little is known about this condition.
About 22,700 people in the UK have reportedly has SMT, which can cause motor symptoms such as muscle weakness, uncertain gait and pojatse your toes.
Patients may feel pain or numbness, and the state does not cured and a work in progress, which means that the symptoms are over time.
When Rogers was 13, she thought that suffer from ataxia Friedreich AF - a state forecast for which was very bad.
Rogers thought that she would be chained confined to a wheelchair by the time when she will be 18, and will die before she reaches 30.
The mother of two children, now 51, said: "as a child, I knew that I can't do that others.
Every day I fell, and I took more time at all.
I could never ride on a skateboard or inline with other children, and me many scoffed at school because, as I went and Begala.
Rogers said that, when she was 13, after several operations to unleash Achilles tendon and straighten feet, she looked at the medical records, when her doctor left the room, and there it was written that it has AF.
"I felt guilty, because sunl nose, where no one should not be, and so I said, but I returned home, found information about this condition in the library and wrote in the AF Association," she said.
When I received the information in response, I was shocked and experienced the most terrible panic, which is only possible.
I thought that I will be in a wheelchair in 18 and die before me reaches 25, and that I gradually lose their ability in this period.
I went through this one, and I own splaning funeral.
She said that by the time she was 17, she realized that her ability to walk has not deteriorated as much as she thought, and asked her doctor about it.
He just stood up and hugged me and said, "my dear, I don't think that you have this disease, because you would have been in a wheelchair."
I think you have something that is much less a threat to life.
After a few genetic surveys, she found SMT.
"When he explained that such SMT, I thought that drew the lucky ticket," she said.
The UK charity SMT announced a month SMT information to try to draw attention to this disease.
The tax burden on businesses in the Washington area is rising as the economy recovers
Vosstanavlivangayasa economy means more customers, more sales and new jobs.
It also means higher taxes.
An account on the payment of taxes on the state and local level for companies across the country, moderately increased last year, when the recovery has picked up, according to the new study, published last week, and companies in the Washington area is no exception.
The company in the District, Maryland and Virginia collectively paid $27.6 billion in the coffers of the state and local level in fiscal 2013, 3.8 percent more than the $26.6 billion collected for the year 2012.
The tax burden on business at the state and local level last year increased by 4.3 percent, to $671 billion, compared with 3.9 percent a year earlier, and it was the third consecutive year of growth after going for each other years, when the account fell, in 2009 and 2010.
Taxes collected by the State, local taxes have risen faster than the 4.3 percent, 3.9 percent, according to the research, which was conducted by a professional services, Ernst & Young and the Center on the State Tax, a group on tax policy.
More than half of tax revenue in the county, 56 percent, falls on taxes on entrepreneurs, while 36 percent of Maryland tax revenues account for the firm.
Virginia, with 28 percent, is the lowest amount of tax revenues, proportionally, from entrepreneurs.
To a large extent the increase in tax revenues caused by the return to former levels of the value of real estate companies, the researchers say, that raised taxes on real estate by 3.7 percent this year, after three years in a row, when growth was less than 1 percent.
While a large share of these revenues, falls on the big states such as California, New York and Texas, it appears that the same thing is happening in the Washington area.
The company in the District, Maryland and Virginia collectively paid $10 billion in property taxes on the state and local level in the last year, to $9.6 billion more than in 2012 - an increase of 4.2 percent, compared with the previous year.
However, the return of the value of the real estate does not have any similar effect on the growth of tax revenue for the state and local level in Maryland, where property taxes barely exceed one-fifth of companies' tax bills.
The company's Virginia and the District of Columbia pay about half of the tax bills on the state and local level in the form of taxes on real estate.
"What is happening in Maryland is that such a large part of their property, particularly the tax base around the District of Columbia, owned by either the government or nonprofit organization, which do not pay taxes on real estate," said Douglas Lindholm, executive director of the Center on the State Tax.
Thus, Maryland, for example, forced to rely much more on income taxes to pay for the same service that are in other states.
The recent increase in tax revenues from entrepreneurs cannot fully explain the restoration of the real estate market.
The incomes of entrepreneurs also, it seems, are on the mend, according to this data.
Companies in the region declared corporate income tax at the state level in the amount of $2.3 billion, $2.1 billion more than in 2012.
Maryland has collected $1 billion of corporate income tax revenue, the most in the region.
Although the trends are aimed in one direction, the tax burden of entrepreneurs at the local level does not increase with the same speed in all three areas.
The growth rate in the District of Columbia, it was at the same level, and the average across the country, 4.3 percent, while the growth in Maryland was significantly faster, 4.9 percent.
Only Virginia was in tax revenues rise below the average of 4.1 percent.
In Virginia was the lowest corporate income tax from three jurisdictions, each of which has the same corporate rate, equal to 6 percent.
In Maryland, the corporate rate is 8.25 percent, while in the area, it is relatively high - 9,975 per cent.
A similar study US Chamber of Commerce earlier this year showed that lower taxes for entrepreneurs in Virginia on the state and local level and, in general, a more favorable climate in terms of tax cuts for entrepreneurs, than in Maryland.
The district was not in this study.
Despite its advantage, Virginia has a competitive pressure from its neighbor to the south.
North Carolina recently signed legislation, the corporate rate this year from 6.9 percent to 6 percent, as well as in Virginia, and the rate will fall to 5 percent in the next year.
If the state will continue to achieve the goals of the tax revenue in the next year, this law could bring income tax rate for entrepreneurs to even 3 percent by 2017.
Meanwhile, a small business in the Washington area, it seems, feels better, and thus pay more taxes to the state and local level, according to a recent study.
Taxes for entrepreneurs, paid in the form of individual income tax on small business owners - the transitional structure, which arranged the majority of small firms in the District of Columbia, Maryland and Virginia rose 20 percent last year to $2.4 billion, with a much higher growth rate than taxes for predprinimately in general.
The researchers say the trend and increased revenue from taxes on businesses across the country, is likely to continue this year, with the sales tax revenues and state governments at the local level, from 6.2 percent in the first three quarters of 2014 compared with the same period last year.
But Washington area may lag, so as to reduce federal spending affects the labour market in the region.
A bronze age of Russian judo
Home World Judo brought Russia's national team two silver and seven bronze awards.
According to this index the Russians had given only the main favorite competition - Japan's national team.
The tournament in Chelyabinsk was launched on Monday, and the first day brought the Russian team silver medal.
Beslan Muranov became its owner, who in the 60 kg category.
At the same time, the outcome of the final struggle with Boldbaatar Ganbat from Mongolia confrontation decided just one note, the russian.
The second day of the tournament has become the most successful for Russia's national team - just three medals were won on Tuesday.
In the men's competition in the category up to 66 kg silver was Mikhail Pulev and bronze Kamal HanMagomedovu.
In the final match of Russians in the 2011 and 2013 world champion Japanese Masashi Ebinuma.
The HanMagomedov sootechestvenniku quarterfinal loser stage, triumphantly walked uteshitelnomu tournament and became the owner of bronze.
In the women's tournament up to 52 kg category also got to the third step the pedestal of Honour Natalia Kuzyutina.
She lost in the semi-finals of the current world champion Milind Kelmendi from Kosovo, which at this championship was the flag of the International Judo Federation and successfully defended the title.
In the dispute over bronze Kuzyutina won at Ma Inn from China, but after the end of the tournament yet admitted that third place is not what she expected.
And again obstacle in the way of Russian women to gold became Jeton pobejdavshaya Kuzyutina earlier in the final of the UEFA European Championship.
In the third day of the tournament in Chelyabinsk, Russia's bronze in the national team put Musa Mogushkov fought in the category to 73 kg.
In his quarterfinal valley was a former Moldovan spokesman Victor Skvortsov, now the speaker for the United Arab Emirates.
But then Russians won two battles and became the award.
Mogushkov golenostopa acted on the home championship with the injury, which he plans to heal in the near future, and will take a pause in the competition.
As for exmoldovanina Skvortsova, then he and he reached the bronze medal at this tournament.
Interestingly, and another of his compatriot, who sports the citizenship of the United Arab Emirates, Ivan Remarenko classically completed the performance in the category up to 100 kg.
The fourth day ЧМ-2014 also brought the Russians one bronze that Ivan Nifontov won in the category of up to 81 kg.
In a heavy battle of the final at the expense of the comments at the opponent he defeated Frenchman Alan Schmitt.
On Friday at the tournament razygryvalisl three sets of awards, but the Russians on the tradition to one lobby in the men's tournament to 90 kg.
Its owner was Kirill when you shop at Interbucks.com, with Russia's national team this medal was guaranteed: His rival on the final uteshitelnomu was Kirill Denisov compatriot.
But the fight was not: Rival voprosov could not go on the tatami because of injury.
Men's bronze was conquered by the owners and put her in the national team in the sixth day of competitions - Renat Saidov, who in the category of over 100 kg.
In the final he won a clear victory over GP David Moor uteshitelnom.
So ended the individual part of the world championship.
On the last day of the tournament on Sunday, in Chelyabinsk razygryvalisl ranks world champions in team competitions.
Both Russian teams - both men and women - were among the main candidates for the award, but, as in the individual competitions, representatives of the fair sex was not lucky - before the medals they had not.
But Russian judoists won team silver.
In the decisive confrontation in a stubborn struggle with a score 2-3 yielded to the main competition favorites - Japan's team.
At the same time, Russia's national team led 2-0 after a clean victory and strong-willed - Denis Yartsev HanMagomedova weight to 73 kg.
But in more severe weight categories with their Japanese rivals could not cope Murat Khabachirov, 81, Magomed Magomedov 90 and Aslan Kambia 100.
The same scenario developed and a bronze match in the women's tournament, where the Russian national team, leading 2-0, lost aponam is 2-3.
The team competitions in Chelyabinsk was attended by Russian President Vladimir Putin, who congratulated men's national team after the tournament with silver.
"second place is very honoured, but I want to say that it was clear that you could become a champion," Putin said, quoted by RIA Novosti.
Lose the Japanese judo rodonacalnikam - nothing here there is no shame.
But I am sure that you can have them and win.
Russia's national team for a home World Cup was much better than a year ago at a similar level competitions, held in Rio de Janeiro.
Then the Russian team was only three medals, one silver and two bronze.
At the same time, the current tournament were Olympic champions Arsen Galstyan and Mansur Isaev.
We are, of course, the big maximalists.
Yes, like gold medals.
But let's remember that if the man in the Olympic cycle is included in the world, he is a potential winner of the Olympic Games.
Especially in a sport like judo," summed up Russian Sports Minister Vitaly Mutko, the words of which results in the press service of the championship tournament.
Japan's national of various dignity was the best in Chelyabinsk, having won 11 medals, five of which were gold.
The next World Cup will be held in Astana in the summer of next year.
You can get acquainted with other materials, news and statistics on the sports page.
The family Joan Rivers is hoping for the best
Joan Rivers is unconscious with the arrival of the hospital in New York three days ago, but her daughter expressed hope today that 81-летняя comedy actress recovers from illness.
"thank you for your continued love and support," Melissa Rivers said in a statement today.
We hope for the best.
Her mother arrived in Mount Sinai hospital on Thursday after an emergency call that she was in cardiac arrest in the clinic in the Upper East Side, Yorkville, Manhattan Endoscopy, sources report.
Doctors deliberately kept it under anesthesia and under strict supervision, as long as they will not meet her condition, which remains "heavy."
The response was wide, including numerous support on the Internet from such as Donald Trump, Montel Williams and Kelly Ripa.
All the kings
The sale of Royal Blood - a new hope of British rock group debut vyvedshei rokduets from clubs straight to the stadiums.
The duo Royal Blood just one year on the stage, but already has the BBC musical prize in the nomination, the concert tour at the opening of the Arctic Monkeys and visit in storm in New York from Jimmy Copyright.
Their self-titled debut for the several months before release received 100,000 predzakazov, and a contract on his release lies in the portfolio of meijorleybla Warner Music.
Given the current plight of the situation on the music market, a extraordinary situation, because it is not about a new Lana Del Rey or another sladkogolosom representative" of the new R 'n' B," and about the kind of Britons bykovatyh duo, playing with the intensity and volume level, which was last in vogue a couple of decades ago.
In general, the stakes were particularly high on the first album in connection with all vysheoznachennymi circumstances and already quite frustrated.
The duo took his name on that to do so could prejudice it absolutely desperate hairy metal, and blood which kings flows, as they seem to have them in the veins, too, is understandable.
It is, of course, primarily about the heroes of the past the level of Led Zeppelin: As well as the great quartet, Royal Blood put out to shake zastoyavshuyusya blood of British rock, it to a new level.
To make predictions about the success of this enterprise until, perhaps, early, but some argue it already.
With a dozen songs ulojivshihsa in thirty minutes is not so much a phenomenal compositor talent, how confident and powerful declaration of intent.
Some of the dignity of the individual rooms, of course, cannot be denied: Say, a single "Out Of The Black" is characterized by the fact that is not a melodic line, and the infamous party.
The musicians jokingly say that this song is generally easier nastucatl than nape.
There is also a powerful "Little Monster" and the song "Better Strangers" sacring record with Shakespearean quote in the title.
But the truth is that each of these songs would sound perfectly at the party heavy rock fans, but while playing in a row they merge into more or less homogeneous cloth.
And it is not necessarily bad, on the contrary.
The strength of Royal Blood is that they are not on the laurels of Lennon and McCartney, rather that mark in the discography successors, but brought numerous rokduets from the ghetto indiclubov.
Their music, despite some diversity, created for the stadiums in the room, built less than a couple of thousand people, she obviously closely.
The secret partly in hiter using the bass guitar in a familiar format, pridumannom at the beginning of The White Stripes zero.
However, it's not only the instruments, but also in the approach to writing songs.
Heroes retroroca zero with great difficulty to go beyond the post-modern paradigm, with great reluctance to recognize themselves not just epigones, but independent creative units.
Royal Blood we now sound so powerfully and brazen that this rush successfully drape some vtoricnostl and tverdolobostl musical material.
And in the end, who said that the rock must be clever?
Amazon buys Twitch for $1.04 billion
Amazon has just confirmed what the Information said on Friday morning: Shopping online - and producer, and a hundred other things - buys the service streaming videovosproizvedenia Twitch for $1.04 billion $US970 million.
This news was no surprise because no one expected that Twitch will be sold, but because many expected that YouTube will be the buyer.
Three months ago, the sale of Twitch service Google for a billion looked completely finished, and that combination looked natural.
Twitch, founded just three years ago as Justin.tv, set an objective to be streaming service general - the YouTube version in real time.
Instead, he quickly turned into a platform where gamers aired their channel moments; "YouTube for games in real time," according to Business Insider.
Twitch interface.
And "let's play," genre of videos in which vseznaiki give mainly old games, processing, as in "mysterious theater," are already popular on YouTube.
The fact of the matter is that YouTube is mentioned often, when describe Twitch, so the news that YouTube acquires Twitch was met without much interest, a classic example of entrenched technology company, vykupangei potential competitor.
It is a mystery why the deal with YouTube has failed, given that, he reportedly was prepared to pay not less than Amazon.
All that we have at the moment is the statement from Executive Director of Twitch as Shira: "We chose Amazon because they believe in our community, they share our values and long-term goals, and they want to help us achieve their faster."
Another mystery, frankly, this is an incredible success Twitch.
Snobs like me, who claim that it will exercise than watch it, it's hard to understand the appeal in order to watch the game, rather than to take the joystick in hand.
One thing is looking over his shoulder at 3 in the morning, when creeping through Resident Evil, but quite another to watch, as a total stranger gets 20 shots in the head in a row in the Call of Duty.
All the games that you could look right now.
Another problem is that many of the most popular games today are designed for one person, so watch their shooting, not controlling the angle of view of their own, can be a recipe for a headache, worthy Do It Right.
I agree that the speed at which the whole game Roger Bannister of our electronic age in record time, entertain.
But if it is not about virtuose games or humor, it is unlikely that his Twitch channel will be interesting.
But they know the skeptics like me?
Twitch had 55 million unique visitors a month, and it is the fourth largest source of peak Internet traffic.
Exactly how Amazon working on this?
It is hard to imagine that the Twitch in Amazon Instant Video as gracefully as YouTube could simply absorb Twitch.
But Twitch have that would gladly received any company: Crowds of young men, advertisers dream about.
As the head of Twitch Sheer, Amazon and Twitch said "both believe in the future of the game," and this channel gives no signs of decay, even - oops - as a spectator sport.
As a result of the incident in 2004 attack killed more than 330 people, including 186 children.
More than 800 people were wounded.
We spent a few days in Beslan.
The students talked with the surviving hostages - almost all of them now, with her parents dead, with smotritelem cemetery - the City of Angels - Ramon Kaspolat, head of the Beslan Mothers Committee "National and Cultural Autonomy Dudiyeva, part of the security operation at the Emergency Situations Ministry, said the correspondent of the department," "Elizabeth Antonov, worked over project.
Already back in Moscow, met with Aslambek Aslakhanov, who 10 years ago was a presidential adviser on Northern Caucasus and negotiated with terrorists, as well as "B" management officer with Russia's FSB Vyacheslav Bocharov."
I was especially shocked during work on this subject is that in Beslan, as if there wasn't this decade.
This topic is extremely painful for anyone who has any relevance to her, people struggle to agree to talk about what happened.
Of the travel experience is very heavy.
But you cannot forget Beslan, and I hope we have with the mission," Antonov said.
Project prepared studio infographics holding Rambler & Co, which works in the company since the spring of this year.
Previous projects were devoted to World War I and Vladimir Putin's 15th stay in power.
North Korea carried out the launch of short-range missiles
North Korea has launched short-range missiles in the water area of the Sea of Japan, "Renhap" reports.
The launch was made at about 10.30 a.m. local time on the part of the province Chagang Province, located on the border between North Korea and China.
Presumably, landed in the Inland Sea, flying about 220 km, stated in the Joint Committee of South Korea's headquarters.
The deputies have proposed to accelerate the entry into force of the law on personal data
In the case of successful initiatives, the Russians cannot be stored on servers abroad from January 1, 2015
In the State Duma, the draft law, a move the date of the entry into force of the law on personal data of Russians - 1 September 2016 on January 1, 2015.
The initiative is placed in the legislative activities of the lower house.
Its authors were deputies of the State Duma Vadim Dengin Yaroslav Nilov LDPR, Evgeny Fedorov, "United Russia" Vladimir Parakhin "Fair Russia" and Alexander Yushchenko, the Communist Party.
Such a change, according to the authors of the initiative will encourage more fast and effective to ensure the rights of the citizens of the Russian Federation on the safety of personal data and observance of correspondence in opinion polls, prediction of election results and other researches networks.
The law, which entry into force hurry parliamentarians, to keep the territory of the Russian Federation of Russians' personal data processed through the Internet.
It also makes mandatory recording, systematization, accumulation, storage, and refinement of the personal data of citizens of the Russian Federation, in databases, located on the territory of Russia, as well as the information about the location of such databases.
Moreover, the law empowers Roskomnadzor right on the basis of the decision of the court to restrict access to information, cultivated with a violation of the laws of the Russian Federation in the area of personal data.
The law also proposes the creation of a so-called "black list" saytovnarushiteley - an automated information system "Register rights violators of the subjects of personal data.
This law was adopted by the State Duma in the summer.
The authors of the bill were Andrei Lugovoi and Vadim Dengin from LDPR and Alexander Yushchenko from the Communist Party.
Dengin and Yushchenko also are one of the authors of the current bill to the date of the entry into force of the law.
Those data centers in Russia will have to pay the rent
Commenting on today in the State Duma bill first deputy head of the Duma Committee on Information Policy Leonid Levin said that he sees no problems to move the date of the entry into force of the law on the protection of personal data.
According to him, those companies that by January 1, 2015 will not have their own personal data storage of Russians on the territory of the Russian Federation will be able to rent them, for example, "Rostelecom which have repeatedly said that they are ready to provide their servers in rent and already provides its own servers, Mail Group, Western companies, which now provide their servers."
"There are a few independent data centers, are ready to cooperate in this area," he added.
"If the company will take the decision to carry out the law and continue to work on the territory of the Russian Federation, did not see a problem - they will receive technological possibilities for accommodation," Levin concluded.
The controversial bill
Immediately after the publication of the draft law Russian Association of Electronic Communications expressed fear that, in the case of the adoption of the bill, the Russians will no longer be able to use many global Internet services.
In particular, we are talking about the services online booking flights and hotels.
According to the association," the bill deprives the subjects of personal data - the citizens of the Russian Federation to dispose of their own data imperatively determining that their record, systematization etc should provide only in databases, located on the territory of the Russian Federation."
In a statement international exhibition "GStar 2008 highlights that more effective measure would be to create a mechanism to inform users about where the record, systematization of his personal data is carried out.
In this case itself will be able to choose the territory on which will be done by these actions.
The adoption of such bills "localization" of personal data in other countries has led to care and global services to significant economic losses.
Tests of water ice bucket vyvihnula jaw participant
Isabel Roberts from the UK so shouted when valid icy water on her head, that damaged the skeletal structure of the face.
This test water ice bucket went to pains not so.
The woman was hospitalized after she cried during tests of the ice bucket of water that vyvihnula jaw.
Isabel Roberts shouted so fiercely valid icy water on her head that damaged the structure of the face.
The water was so cold that I shouted, but when I did, my jaw stuck," she told The Mirror.
Water poured in 20 years.
Isabel Roberts for a second before an accident
I tried to close his mouth, but he is not closed, he got stuck, and then to me it is an understanding that something is wrong.
Then came to my mother and sister the same understanding and they started hohotat, but I had to carry urgently in the emergency department.
The 20-year woman from Great Britain took the hospital to uprave jaw after participating in a popular hobby on Tuesday.
The clip became internetsensatiei and was published in thousands of times on Facebook and Twitter.
More than 400 prisoners to the Ukrainian military militias
In the Army and took place "argue that shot down a Ukrainian Su-27, and accuse their opponents of violating the ceasefire agreement
Militias as of 10: 00 on September 1 to the Ukrainian side 402 35 prisoners, of whom 72 wounded, as well as the bodies of the dead soldiers.
It said "Interfax" press representative" of the Army and took place."
He added that "the air defense forces near Merski shot down the plane Su-27, identification of the ceasefire agreement."
According to the interlocutor of agency, the Ukrainian side when artillery Vorkapic Luhansk airport used cluster munitions are banned by international conventions.
A representative of the press service noted that opolcenzam per night could damage the two Ukrainian Air Force helicopter at one of two field airports, as well as the destruction of the armoured personnel carrier and two warehouses with ammunition.
"enemy manpower losses - up to 100 people killed and 13 people wounded, surrendered in captivity," a headquarters representative summed up.
Interfax has not confirmed this information from Ukrainian sources.
Sunday's armed forces "People's Republics" of Donbass announced the transfer of Ukrainian side 223 prisoners in the framework of compliance with the ceasefire regime troops and soldiers of the National Guard of Ukraine.
At the same time, the army, according to the Army and took place at night," "slapped natgvardeycev in violation of agreements reached earlier attempt to withdraw from the area around heavy equipment."
Then militias reported the destruction in two tanks and two armored personnel carriers, capturing six tanks and disarmament 198 skorotecnom combat troops.
According to the General Staff, the loss of the enemy in all directions, Donetsk, Lugansk, Mariupol for that night were five tanks, eight armoured fighting vehicles, more than 120 people killed or wounded
At the end of last week, a large group of Ukrainian soldiers has been surrounded by the militia Ilovaysk area in Donetsk region.
Russian President Vladimir Putin asked the "People's Republics" to release Ukrainian soldiers from the environment.
In the agreed to go on this subject of putting the enemy of weapons and ammunition.
The first of dozens of soldiers began to leave surrounded by settlements on Saturday morning.
According to the Ukrainian territorial defense battalion "Donbass" Semen Semenchenko, a commander in the environment, on the night of Sunday 14 more people came from the boiler.
In his FaceBook Semenchenko wrote that the Ukrainian wounded are in thrall to 137 regiment 32 division of the Russian Federation and the 9th Armored Brigade of the Russian Federation," where treated well.
Meanwhile, the Foreign Ministry and the Russian Defense Ministry refuted reports of Ukrainian military and NATO about the presence of Russian troops in Ukraine.
The Russian Foreign Ministry: Russia will take retaliatory measures in the case of the EU's new sanctions
Russia reserves the right to take retaliatory measures aimed at protecting their legitimate interests in the case of the introduction of the new anti-Russian sanctions, the Russian Foreign Ministry said.
In a message of Russian vneshnediplomaticheskogo agency says that "the conclusions of the European Council from 30 August demonstrated the failure of EU member states to overcome the inertia bezoglyadnoy their support of the Kiev authorities.
Brussels continues to insist that Russia implicated by the situation in the east of Ukraine, relying on "absolutely bezdokazatele allegations about the presence of Russian military forces on the territory of this country," the agency said on its website.
The Russian Foreign Ministry expressed regret that the Council, contrary to the interests of its member states, can be influenced by the countries that are interested in strengthening the confrontation with Russia.
Council members have to call for a peaceful settlement of the conflict in the east of Ukraine, as well as provide the conditions for a "dialogue between the sides," the agency said.
Also on the site, the agency noted that there is now no obectivynh evaluations of the humanitarian situation in Donbass, where the full-scale humanitarian disaster, as well as a growing number of victims among the civilian population.
Recall that in the nearest semidnevki in the European Union plans to develop concrete proposals on sanctions against Russia.
At the same time, EU officials work closely with American officials.
It is expected that they will correlate introduced measures between the period of validity and the degree of hardness.
The new EU sanctions can touch the energy and the financial sector.
The Australian government also announced the expansion of sanctions against Russia in the field of defense, finance, and the oil and gas industry.
Artful ways to save money on university textbooks
With that, the cost of university textbooks for many students exceeds $1,000 per year, Matt Schroeder, who will soon go on the second course, came up with a cunning way to reduce costs.
He has developed a system of how to take books to hire senior students by offering them nominal compensation, so they put them on sale.
"my textbook on mathematical analysis, which usually costs $180, I received a "Chick-fil-A" on the semester for $10 and biscuits," said Schroeder, 19 years, who is studying in the Covenant College in Georgia.
The necessary literature on last semester would have cost $430, he said.
He spent $120.
According to the Council of colleges, the average student spends more than $1,200 a year on textbooks and teaching supplies, but students have a range of options to reduce those costs.
Students are increasingly choosing online and creative ideas like Schroeder system.
Rental books is becoming more and more popular, allowing students to use a book during the semester, and often is much cheaper than buying them.
"Niebo Incorporated" company, which owns more than 250 university bookstores, reports that the volume of rental books has grown by half since 2011.
Industry studies show that about a quarter of the books in the university bookstores were taken during the last spring semester rent, Nibo vice-president Trevor Meyer said.
Less than half of all books sold in university bookstores, according to professional union "National Association of university shops."
Here's the introductory course on the best ways to make a bargain.
Buying in an online store
Sometimes, if you get to the Internet, the price of a new book may be one third from the one that you will see the university bookstore.
The ninth edition of "Mathematical analysis" Ron Larson, Bruce Edwards and Robert Hostetler costs about $290 in Shenzhen, but a new instance can be purchased for $239,99 on site Chegg.com, which specialises in selling textbooks.
Buying used
If you're not against other people's labeling or damage, used textbooks is a good option.
"analysis" sold for $93,49 poderjannom form in Chegg.com.
Matt Casadei fourth course, 25, a student at the University of Brigham Young, says that it paid 42 cents on Amazon.com for a textbook instance "strategic decisions in the media: Understanding the business side of the advertising business."
The book was sold for $48 new.
Teachers, for example, Ingrid Bracey, director of the "College without walls" at the University of Massachusetts in Amherst offers students specify their professors, does not use previous editions.
Sometimes negligible update for classes.
In such cases, the old editions often can be found for a very small share of the cost of the last edition.
In addition to Chegg sites and Amazon, Half.com, owned by "eBay Inc., is a popular alternative for the purchase of second-hand books.
Rental
About to take textbooks, look, if you will be well enough contact with them, don't forget to return them and don't want to leave them to themselves after the course is completed.
You can save more than 80% of the cost of a new book.
For example, one student was able to rent the semester "Mathematical analysis for about $20.
Check the rules of that store, where you draw the books, including any fines, which you can write the notes, underlining and damage.
If you take a book, remember: If you will not book, fines may even exceed the cost of a new instance.
Electronic books
Electronic books instead of traditional textbooks is another option.
Sometimes such books actually take rent, buying electronic license on a certain period for retailers, such as Amazon.com, Chegg and Barnes & Noble Inc.
"Mathematical analysis" on the site Chegg.com for six months will cost approximately $61.
Bracey says that students who study literature, can often find the most favourable prices, as many of the classics now can be downloaded for free, while the literature on the natural sciences and engineering can be very expensive.
No matter what, rush-.
Joe Galt, 29 years old, which is about to start their studies in the Law School Pepperdine recommends that you use the ISBN number for the price of a book, as it ensures that you are looking to the text.
Before doing an order on the Internet, says Galt, be sure to check whether the book are in stock.
This lesson was given to him is not so easy.
Delivery of the book, which he bought, was delayed for four weeks, and, in the end, he paid the full price in the university bookstore.
Putin announced the full inefficiency of the development of the Far East
Russian President Vladimir Putin savil priority investment projects at the meeting on the state and territories in the Far East, that the development of the Far East, created two years ago, budget InvestFund inefficient, Interfax reported.
"15 billion roubles remained on deposits," the president said.
During the meeting the head of state to speed up the approval of the development of the territories in the Far East.
He recalled that the draft law needed for the creation, should be included in the bill this fall.
The Federal Assembly, the president said, until July 1 and have not approved the list of territories advancing in the Far East, and their criteria.
Vladimir Putin also formulated the basic tasks for the development of the Far East.
Among them, the improvement of transport accessibility of the region, infrastructural easing - both on the domestic market and for export development.
Among other things, you must sozdatpredposylki to attract additional investments in the region, as well as a territory of the development, which should become competitive in relation to the key business in the Asia-Pacific region, the president stressed.
Earlier it was reported that the territory of the development could replace the SEZ.
Why couldn't save "Guards galaxy" box office
"the Expendables 3" Sylvester Stallone returned less than $30 million of its $90-миллионного budget in the United States, while "Sin City: A woman is a challenge to kill" returned only $12 million of its $70-миллионного budget.
"home video" with Cameron Diaz has brought only $14.6 million in the first weekend, while children's movies, such as "How to Train Your Dragon 2" also disappointing profits.
An article in the Telegraph critic Robbie Collina indicates that, when it comes to children's films, the matter may be bad as the films themselves.
Colleen called 2014 "the worst year in history in terms of children's films, and called "How to Train Your Dragon 2" was a "full-fledged" fantasy sequel.
However, when it comes to films aimed at a slightly older audience, it appears that the problem is not necessarily the quality of the films themselves.
In July, Entertainment Weekly compared average CinemaScore and Metacritic ratings of each film, a summer rental in at least 2,000 copies between Memorial Day holiday in May and July 20, 2013 and this year.
The results, which take into account the opinion of both kinozriteley and Review, suggest that this year's harvest films are similar to the largest with last year's hits.
Some commentators suggest that it may be in the changing audience habits and the growing popularity of streaming Internet services such as Netflix.
Directed by Jon Favreau, who is currently working on an disneevskim rental film "Jungle Book" soon Hollywood Reporter website said: "I think times are changing."
We must recognize this and not try to chase what it was before.
Unlike the current box office receipts fall in Hollywood, Netflix income from streaming video service has reached $1.2 billion, almost twice surpassing last year's figure at $837 million
Last summer, the director Steven Spielberg criticized the studio for what they rely too much on the comic franchise, and predicted a "collapse" in Hollywood.
In the light of the current recession, some commentators argue that was some truth in his dark predictions.
In connection with the fact that the release of several potential cash is expected in the summer of 2015 hits, including "of the Avengers: Ultron era," "minions" and "Yurski Park, other members of the film industry are more optimistic.
"X Men" producer Simon Kinberg recently called the box office decline simply "pro-cyclical," told the Hollywood Reporter: "next summer will be the cash register in the summer in history, and no one will worry about it."
Food sanctions don't frighten the owners of the establishments with Caucasian and Central Asian food, but for European and Japanese cuisine restaurants Russian suppliers is a nightmare.
And in general catering still prefers to replace the import products not from Russia, but from Latin America, Israel and China.
"malosol cucumber, better than bad mozzarella," laments Italian restaurant chef Barlotti Mariano Italian Valerio about the quality of cheese, which offer him suppliers in return.
And mozzarella cheese burrata ended the first restaurant, they have a shelf life.
Parmesan stocks should pay for another few months.
What to do?
Move on Russia's?
In 2005, I was on the Dorogomilovsky market.
Mariano Valerio makes such eyes that it is clear: The shocking memories are not released until now.
The meat there lay on the carts just 30 inches from the floor!
There's also a cat!
Rats!
Then I said that for our restaurant, we will never buy on Russian markets.
I don't know, maybe now there everything changed.
But the other day I brought to evaluate the fish from the Far East.
So she turned out to be tuhloy!
I said that I even don't want to talk with the man who brought us this.
Valerio is surprised that many ordinary things for the Russian manufacturer in a rarity for Italy.
A few years ago, I was forced to buy Russian beef.
In Italy, hung the meat in the cold chamber at 10 days at 1-2 degrees.
It must otvisetysya to become soft, so the muscles relaxed.
I did all this with the local beef.
Then I asked: Where are you took such tender beef?
I said: This is your, Russia's!
Why you have no one does not?
In five minutes' walk from Barlotti French restaurant Brasserie Bridge" in the kitchen hangs a stop-list are missing products: French oysters, sea hedgehog.
The chef Bridge Brasserie restaurant and bar Strelka Régis Triguel is not as pessimistic as Valerio: Oysters from France have replaced oysters from Tunisia, and instead of French cheeses restaurant will buy Swiss.
However, Régis becomes more emotional when it comes to Russian suppliers: "cauliflower - 200 rubles!
I ask: "Why, on what basis it is worth so much?"
I answer, "Well, we also need to make money."
But the cabbage should not cost more than 80 rubles!
The Far Eastern oysters we buy by weight, but they live for 15 to 20 years, imagine how much weighing their shells?
The price is that it is superdelicate.
It seems that Russian suppliers is one of the main sources of scare for foreign chefs.
The standard story: "the first three months, everything was good, then the quality has plummeted."
The main claims: Russian suppliers cannot withstand stable caliber and quality.
Many European cuisine restaurants do not know that they will be with them, when stocks are exhausted cheese
Photo: Alexander Miridonov, Kommersant
The menu Sanction
On August 6, President Vladimir Putin signed a decree on the application of the economic measures to ensure the security of Russia, which is mostly food packages with sanctions.
The country banned import of beef, pork, beef and offal from poultry, meat dishes, fish, shellfish, milk, yogurt, cottage cheese, sausage and cheese, vegetables, fruits, nuts, sugar syrup.
Restaurants have begun jockeying with suppliers: Food prices have risen, urgently need to look for the counterparts from other countries.
Most of this impact on expensive restaurants with monocuhnei France, Italy, Spain, in which products supplied directly from the "parent" countries.
Compare had to reorganize and before.
For example, when at the beginning of 2014 the Rosselkhoznadzor banned import of Australian beef, and the year before - of the American and Canadian meat.
In exchange, suppliers have established supplies of beef from Argentina, Uruguay and New Zealand.
But лета-2014 sanctions were far more serious.
However, on August 20, Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev approved amendments to the presidential decree, which are out of Atlantic salmon and trout fry, lactose milk, potatoes, sugar, corn, peas and onions for sowing seed.
The Italian Valerio hopes that sanctions may yet soften.
In the meantime, there is the uncertainty of restaurants.
According to the company's East-West, one of the largest suppliers HoReCa, the share of imported products in the premium segment was up to 70%.
"expensive restaurants will have to change the menu that produce local farmers and other countries," said Sergei Mironov, restaurateur, owner of the agency "Restconsalt."
If the strong, this will not be a problem for him.
But we have very little such chefs, and the development of a new menu may take two to three months.
Triegel from the Bridge Brasserie restaurant ready for that: To have to recycle from 10-15% of dishes, even half of the menu.
In the mixed cuisine restaurants are starting to replace dishes, such as the marbled beef steak, beef Stroganoff, Sergei Mironov said.
"cheeses from Europe can be replaced with Russian, Belarusian cheeses, cheeses from Serbia, Argentina, Tunisia, Chile," Oksana Glibchuk lists "East-West" company representative.
The cream and milk products from Europe have analogues in Russia and Belarus.
Chicken from the United States can be replaced by chicken from Russia and Belarus semi salmon, trout, salmon and salmon from Norway - from Belarus and Chile.
The lack of vegetables and fruits of the European manufacture products can be compensated for by the expense of domestic manufacturers, proposals from Serbia, Moldova and China.
According to Mironov, budget network restaurants gear will be easier than the premium segment: Unlikely to gourmets able to distinguish Italian mozzarella went from Russia.
Although it is difficult to have the Ginza Project, he said.
Ginza Project has dozens of restaurants under different brands and with their menus.
The replacement leaves plenty of time," Mironov said.
In the Ginza comments refused, citing the lack of owners in the country.
Cafe owners Caucasian and Central Asian cuisine stress that products from the former Soviet republics aromat European
But many restaurants and sanctions, which will not.
They include institutions with kitchen CIS countries: Georgia, Uzbek, Armenian and Azerbaijani.
"there is no expensive products in Georgian cuisine," said Khatuna Colby, Superavi Georgian restaurant and cafe owner "Vai DOE!."
All cheeses for us to do in Russia, the basis of many dishes - chicken, exotic herbs, we don't use."
The establishments Kolbai not so far removed from the menu of a single dish.
Timur Kvarnegy Chaichana N1, restaurant owner" with the Uzbek cuisine, sanctions do not change the disconcerting: He will have only, on local seafood.
If Russia imports from Uzbekistan, Azerbaijan and Kazakhstan, we even win in the price of the earthquake, for us it will be cheaper than imports from Europe," he says.
From the CIS can be cheaper to get a clip, tomatoes, cucumbers, fruit.
At the same time that brought from Central Asia, much better than the "plastic" from Italy, Spain and Turkey.
About Uzbek tomatoes all know that they are delicious, sweet.
The Spanish one doesn't say so.
After the introduction of sanctions Ministries of Uzbekistan Olimb Artykov representative said that it plans to increase exports of plodovoovoschnoi products in Russia in half by 2016.
About its intention to replace the European import in Russia, Belarus and Kazakhstan said almost immediately after the introduction of sanctions.
Restaurants fast that respond to the request "Money," is also quite calmly respond to sanctions.
McDonald's press service said that localization exceeds 85% and the network is working with 160 Russian suppliers.
According to Tatyana Bogdanova, head of the department of work with suppliers, Subway Russia, about 80% of net purchases in Russia, although you may experience temporary difficulties with the supply of vegetables and meat products made of imported raw materials prices.
In "Terence sanction products" in general was occupied by no more than 4%.
Not affected by sanctions and lapshicnuu Soccer."
KFC, Burger King and potatoes "Baby" at the request of "Money" is not the answer, but other market participants argue that the degree of localization of Burger King is substantially less than McDonald's.
In the absence of Norwegian fish drinks are ready to buy Chile's economy, rather than the Russian dalnevostochnuu
On its gorbuscha
In the meantime drinks complain that because of an increase in demand, prices are rising even on local products.
"the products for "sticking points" prices rose by an average of 10-15%, for the Italian restaurant "Cherry Myo" - two times," says Roman Rojnikovsky restaurateur.
Even in the Georgian restaurants, food costs will grow by 5-10% Colby admits.
"East-West" not deny that: "For example, the Belarusian dairy products since the beginning of August 10-15% in price."
"Brazilian suppliers raised the price of pork almost two times," Sergei Cancer, Deputy Director General of "Stardog complains.
Chicken legs chicken prices 35%.
Expect prices from China, maybe they studyat hot Brazilian head.
"Stardogse" in the near future will be planned price increase by 8%.
Now, and so very undesirable to raise prices," says Cancer.
According to statistics, catering revenue growth for the second quarter of 2014 - a total of 1.8%.
It is the smallest figure since 2010.
Retail prices will rise further, he admits, but, it is as fast: While most restaurateurs zapaslosl products for the next two months in the hope to purchase price swings.
But that will be in two months, no one knows.
On the square in front of the Moscow City Hall is a marquee decorated with greenery and a tree.
In the center of the stage, the musicians play waltz.
This festival of regional products with a funny name" there are there at the time."
"We have long wanted to do a celebration of local food, and sanctions, we just to have organized the festival," said one of the organizers.
Behind the scenes with musicians povargrec Anastas prepares pasta salad and homemade sweets, the other day was a master class on borshch recipe with caramelized apples.
All of the Russian products, assure the organizers.
The tents are exhibition of the achievements of the Russian economy.
Honey from Bashkiria, venison from exploration, vegetables from Moscow "Sosa Lenin, cheeses from obrusevshego Italian Jay Close.
"salmon for restaurants can easily replace another salmon fish species from the Far East," said fish shop owner, "His people," Philip Galkin.
We have caught nerk, Ketu, dives, gorbushu, Dinner - "royal salmon."
Yes, they are not as fat as Norwegian salmon, because it is a wild fish.
Norwegian salmon is the same aquaculture.
In his hands, a grip - he even does anything.
And don't retain our Far Eastern salmon in your hands.
The only institution without claims agree to replace Italian mozzarella domestic
In the window of his tent bearing "Magadan, cod, foot, Muxun lie with shrimp, mussels with Crimea, scallops from the Far East.
Galkin is confident that it's time to fish from the Far East.
According to statistics, fishing in Russia in 2013 - more than 4 million tons, a significant part of the fish goes in Japan, Korea and even in the United States.
The import of fish in 2013-м is about 800 thousand tons.
"His people" shop works since 2012, sells the fish through the online store, before the introduction of sanctions served one and a half dozen more restaurants, such as "Simple things."
Now to Galkin received applications from another 15 restaurants.
The same land could be done from our fish, he is goryachitsya.
We zamorochilisl tried different recipes.
Sushi now sell through an online shop on a million rubles a month.
Our fish cheaper in several times, and the delivery is a maximum of 15 rubles per kilogram.
In confirmation of the UkSSR Academy in the tent I prepare a "Philadelphia" with cet.
Unlike the rolls with these semi have longer chew, but the consciousness that this fish our, Russian, empowering.
"His people" shops are even carhops from halibut and sea perch.
In Sushibar, however, replace the Norwegian salmon prefer Chilean.
Galkin explains that Slow lazy invent new recipes with far-eastern fish.
"Russian fish suppliers have not offered us yet," Dmitri Evseev Killfish Bar owner gives his explanation.
About the same situation and with other products: Russian producers could take one niche, but this is not the case.
According to the project's founder and co-owner LavkaLavka Boris Akimov, now you can talk more about the substitution of imports from Europe and America's imports from China, Israel and Latin America.
There are large multinational corporations, which have a powerful logistics and large volumes.
They are able to quickly replace the imports in contrast to our farmers.
That is the big producers in other countries from the ban would benefit in the first place," Mr. Akimov said.
However, in the last month, the restaurant industry and more alarming than food sanctions.
According to the results of mass Civil Servants Rospotrebnadzor was temporarily suspended the activities of the three companies McDonald's in Moscow and two regional companies in Stavropol and Yekaterinburg.
"We study the essence of the claims to determine the actions necessary to open the restaurants for visitors," "Deng" in McDonald's press service said.
The reality is that no one knows what will happen next.
If all the food packages of sanctions is one option, which you can survive," said an employee of the company on the condition of anonymity, a restaurant consulting firm.
If we start to close McDonald's across the country, the scenario will be quite different.
"protocol" instead of the Inspection Help
Kao payments can be obtained without help of traffic police - the Central Bank intends to encourage the introduction of "evroprotocola" in Russia.
The Bank of Russia has developed a draft guidance that from September 1 this year to receive payments for cask insured motorist can do without help of traffic police.
The speech, however, is only about those cases when the accident was made on "evroprotocolu" without traffic police.
That is if the accident involved two cars, not only physically affected persons, damage does not exceed the limit, and both drivers have reached agreement on the issue of who the perpetrator of an accident.
From August 2 limit payments to "evroprotocolu is 50,000 rubles, and from October 1 in Moscow, St. Petersburg, as well as in Moscow and Leningrad regions it will be upgraded to 400,000 rubles
The bottom line is that even with minor damage, often in a situation where you can make the traffic accident on "evroprotocolu, drivers, the accident, causing Smith.
Because if the policyholder can can't get refunds on it without the help of traffic police.
The settings, the prescription in the draft guidance, as time and are intended to eliminate this obstacle in the way of "evroprotocola" in Russia.
According to them, the maximum payout for cask in connection with the accident, the police should not be lower than the limit without evroprotocolu."
But at the same time it cannot be above the limit set in the insurance contract cask.
The idea, of course, useful and in theory is able to unload the DPS employees, as well as the roads.
But, most likely, from her neither motorists nor the insurers do not come into raptures.
Recent talk now about a serious threat to growth, e.g., to which may result in the introduction of new rules can payments.
As for drivers, it is difficult to imagine what the work will have to be done in order to overcome the aboriginal Russian conservatism.
The driver will be in the majority of cases for hours to wait for the inspectors to arrange a little accident, because it is more reliable.
And yet unknown, that will be easier - beat fraudsters or convince drivers in evroprotocola reliability."
Savings certificate will make the rules and of the Executive
The Finance Ministry wants to ban the bearer savings certificates, but allow banks make their contribution bezotzyvnogo analogue.
The Finance Ministry is preparing a bill that will bearer savings certificates.
In recent times, this tool is gaining popularity, as the stakes here are higher than those on bank deposits.
The fact of the matter is that the bearer savings certificates do not fall in the deposit insurance system, and the bank they cost less, because the Deposit Insurance Agency, or DIA, don't have to make payments into the fund.
The flavor of the situation is that this step will take due to small and medium-sized banks, Sberbank and the Bank of Moscow, which distribute such certificates, and suffer from it, according to estimates by DIA, control 98% of the market.
And the share of the Bank of Moscow, according to the agency, is about 3.5%.
The problem, explains the DIA, is that customers of the bank bought a certificate, in the case of revocation of his license are trying to get money in the DIA.
Some investors, not having sufficient financial literacy and buying the bearer savings certificates, one can assume that their investment is insured.
A lack of insurance payments on these certificates in the case of license revocation of the bank can lead to misunderstandings and social tensions.
In practice, the agency were cases when holders of the certificate predyavitelskih tried to pay the insurance compensation through the courts," the DIA said.
The problem, of course, presumed.
Still no one certificate buyers will pay, because they have the law have no right to compensation from the state.
If the case was that the tool is not insured in the DIA, together with him would have banned and the metal accounts on which means citizens are taken into account in grams of one of four metals - gold, silver, platinum and palladium.
Because these accounts do not fall in the deposit insurance system, but their existence until nobody encroaches.
The case, most likely, that the bearer certificates are very comfortable with securities that can actually act as kvazideneg.
At the same time, their movement almost defies control: Any client of the bank may buy a certificate, to any citizen, and before cashing a certificate can change a lot.
No wonder in the bill that savings certificate must necessarily be a valuable paper, which must be stored in depository.
And to sweeten the pill banks, such certificates are allowed to produce no right of early repayment.
That is the equivalent of bezotzyvnogo contribution which bankers dream for a long time.
NATO summit: The first protests in Nulporte and Cardiff
Those who opposed the NATO summit in Newport protests were held at the weekend.
On Saturday, hundreds gathered in downtown Newport on the march against NATO.
But on Sunday in Cardiff about 150 people gathered at a town hall Cardiff on what was described as summit.
Stephen Fairclau watched for us for the development of events over the weekend and spoke to protesters, who came from everywhere: From Bridgend to Belgium.
Germany will send 30 anti-tank complexes in Iraq
Germany will supply arms to Iraq to counter militants from the terrorist group "Islamic state," the Itar-Tass news agency reported on August 31, with reference to the decision, taken at the end of the meeting of representatives of the German government led by Chancellor Angela Merkel.
It is reported that Germany will send 30 portable anti-tank missile complexes in Iraq, Milan and 500 weapons to them, as well as eight thousand G3 and G36 assault rifles.
Deliveries will be made until the end of September.
In addition, decided to allocate an additional 50 million euros for humanitarian aid to Iraq.
On September 1, Mrs. Merkel will in the Bundestag, with the government statement on the subject.
So far, Germany has not supplied their weapons in the "hot spots."
The opinions of the people of West Germany about sending Iraqis weapons are divided.
Some believe that only in this way can stop fighters from the "Islamic State," others fear that these weapons could eventually fall into the hands of terrorists.
Militias hit a Ukrainian patrol boat in the Sea of Azov
Donetsk militias hit a Ukrainian patrol boat in the Sea of Azov, ITAR-TASS reported on August 31.
According to available data, it happened in Taganrog Bay near populated areas and Bezimenne Shirokino 10-20 km to the east of Mariupol.
A number of Ukrainian media report Vorkapic two coast guard boats.
Clarifies that the incident occurred about 4: 20 Moscow time today.
Teenagers were taken by helicopter from the Blue Mountains
Two podrostcabushuokera were delivered by helicopter in a safe place, after a night, trapping in the Blue Mountains of New South Wales.
A 16-year-old girl and an 18-year-old young man went to a campaign shortly after noon on Sunday in Blacksite Govetts Leape.
Worried about relatives called the police around 8 p.m., when they returned home.
The group, which included local police search and rescue unit was sent, and found a couple of about 11 p.m. near the waterfall Bridal Weil.
The girl a knee injury, and the young man fell and hurt his head.
Officers have been left with a pair of the night, and they raised the lebedke on Monday morning.
They were taken away in an ambulance in a stable condition in hospital Blue Mountains.
Met two union
The top-level talks in Minsk is not solved the problems for which were sozvany, but gave rise to a new format: The first European Union officials met with the first Eurasian future
Let the alarming about the situation around Ukraine is not pressing, the EU and the Customs Union leaders discussed a number of "hot issues" for the first time.
If this structure can work effectively, it; but it is clear who shot the cream from this summit.
Questions on this account of the evening on August 26, when the Belarusians, and behind them and other Eurasians with Europeans saw a television news report of the new President Lukashenko.
The Belarusian leader revealed the polished example of courtesy, it was the behavior of a man who had just broken off the jackpot - and is planning a decent old age in high society.
As Maidan Lukashenko helped
The arrival of the three main European commissioners, EU ministers, who met with Lukashenko and allowed him to act on the final briefing on their behalf - not just the president's legitimization of the past 20 years.
This is an application for the recognition of Minsk full subject of European policy and the main mediator of the Ukrainian crisis.
Senior analyst at the Belarusian Institute for Strategic Studies Denis Melianos sure: From now on Brussels cannot already talk with Minsk in the same manner as before.
"that Catherine Ashton met face to face with Lukashenko, suggests that the relationship with the EU will be razmorajivate and further," he said, "honku."
There is a hidden part of the iceberg: Preparing for the Belarusian authorities started long before the Maidan in Kiev in November - summer 2013-го breakthrough.
"and the results were achieved with the EU is successful negotiations on visa facilitation and readmission, dialogues about modernization," Ogonyok lists the interlocutor, "and with the United States, the talks were held on international security.
The United States even made a little bit of sanctions.
As for the Ukrainian events, they and the leadership of Belarus reaction only podhlestnuli this process.
Minsk, on the one hand, managed to maintain relations with Ukraine - warm enough not to lose heavily in mutual trade, and President Petro Poroshenko could arrive in Belarus on the talks.
On the other hand, the Belarusian leader, de jure does not recognize the annexation of Crimea to Russia and urged to punish the pro-Russian militias in Donbas with all rigor, quarreled with Moscow.
Minsk has neither of the Customs Union, none of the Collective Security Treaty Organization, and the Russian Air Base in Baranovichi.
Brussels and Washington have noticed a balanced position of Minsk on the Ukrainian issue - and appreciated it, believe the Belarusian experts.
How successful will be by Lukashenko to political diversification, will be seen by how often in the near future from Tuscany to meet in the format of the EU + CU.
The press service of the EU High Representative Catherine Ashton on foreign policy and diplomacy have failed to answer questions about what Brussels expects from the relationship in the new format.
A spokesman for Ashton Maya Kosiancic only said "honku" on issues of war and peace, this issue is not a priority.
At the same time, reports that the next meeting point on the Ukrainian issue involving top officials in the new format may become a and Kazakhstan.
Straw tar for Minsk was President Nursultan Nazarbayev's statement, in which he admitted that about him, it turns out, personally asked the representatives of the European Union.
Nevertheless, the final briefing Alexander Lukashenko signaled: All parties opposed to Minsk has remained a central platform for meetings in RossiaOBSEUkraina format, as well as at the level of heads of state and representatives of the European Commission.
This means that "Europe's last dictator" is quite rukopozhatny European leader status, which helps to solve a global problem.
The best friend of the European farmer
Already part of the EU delegation, himself included continues to trade and energy, nudging to the conclusion: The background of the summit is not the tragic situation in Donbas, and the economy.
In fact, superstate on the meeting schedule for future talks on gas supplies and to overcome fears of the TC countries under the agreement on Ukraine's association with the EU looks like a more extensive than a peace declaration without specific dates and numbers.
Trade Commissioner Karl De Gucht, however, the EU: Representatives" arrived in Minsk to seek a solution to the political crisis, which has economic consequences, not the other way around."
It seems, however, that the crisis in Ukraine and the economy "works" on Belarus.
Its consequences - and reciprocal sanctions of the West and Russia in the first place - give Minsk, who until he feels sanction pressure, the margin for manoeuvre.
According to the head of the Mises Research Centre, a presidential candidate in Belarus, Yaroslav Ramanchuk, European investors actively interested in Belarus opportunities for the supply of agricultural products to Russia in the round of sanctions.
At the same time are supply schemes for which Vladimir Putin at the summit pojouril Minsk.
"initiators of these schemes," "honku" Romanchuk said, "are not the Belarusian businessmen, and Russian companies.
They choreograph long supply schemes of goods, including those from Poland, Germany, Lithuania, and today these schemes are destroyed.
Russian business urgently needs to somehow restore them, even through the mediation of the Belarusian structures.
The second story," the expert continues, "is related to the fact that many companies like to establish production in Belarus from Ukrainian raw materials also focusing on the Russian market.
The Ukrainian manufacturers have about 4 billion dollars in exports to Russia, and the Belarusian proizvodstvennotorg schemes now may be very popular."
According to Ramanchuk, the role of the owner of the site for negotiations between the EU and the vehicle is ideal for Lukashenko and from the point of view of the development of economic ties with Europe.
He recalls that the loss of the EU's agricultural sector from Moscow's sanctions are estimated at 10 billion euros, and the European Commission is currently offered farmers only 125 million euros compensation.
The Belarusian president can offer to Brussels to work together to minimize the consequences for evrofermerov.
This may raise Lukashenka's credibility in the EU to unprecedented heights.
Hospitality without initiatives
Catherine Ashton thanked the Belarusian authorities for the initiative for the summit.
But the paradox is that the official Minsk from his active role in the birth of TC + EU otkreschivaetsya format, and the Belarusian leader at a meeting with Ukrainian counterpart stressed that the new format, and it was Kiev.
"It was your offer themselves, without any naval discuss, not with buhtsbarakhty decide, after the signing of the Association Agreement with the EU, to understand the situation, which at the time was in Ukraine," he said in front of cameras to Peter Poroshenko.
However, observers interpreted this as an effort to placate Moscow, she reportedly initially was against mediation of Minsk, which greatly increases its political weight.
The Belarusian diplomatic office diligently stress that Belarus in the organization of interaction between the EU and the vehicle has no selfish goals on their soil, but the ultimate goal of this format is the creation of a single economic space from Lisbon to Vladivostok in the future.
"It's absolutely in the spirit of those concepts in other areas, particularly in the field of security, and promotes the leadership of our strategic ally, the Russian Federation," the agency said "honku" in the Foreign Ministry of Belarus, where in recent times carefully selected words.
In Moscow may pay entry zone
The Moscow government is considering the option of introducing zones with pay entry as a method of combating overload central roads by analogy with other major cities in the world, transmits М24.ru with reference to Moscow and Amenities on Maxim transport hub.
One option, which has itself, is paid entry.
It is the expert opinion, we will examine it, see all the pros and cons.
To say that on this occasion, free decisions taken too soon," said Liksutov.
And Amenities stressed that the experience of Asian cities, which is very important for the authorities of the capital structure and load are similar with Moscow.
One of the decisions taken from these countries, is already by the construction of the center ring, Liksutov added.
Recently the construction of Central ring road is an example of what not necessarily all traffic pass through Moscow.
If avoiding action was sufficient infrastructure, there was no need to have transit traffic in Moscow," said and Amenities.
Maxim Liksutov also said that the introduction of paid parking substantially revived metropolitan streets.
And, according to him, the metropolitan authorities do not plan to stop there.
On August 26, Sergei Sobyanin, the mayor of the Russian capital, participated in a ceremony laying the first starting complex construction of the Moscow Central ring highway last years.
Boredom sinful
Frank Miller and Robert Rodriguez's film "City грехов-2: A woman, for which it is necessary to kill "made a very different kind of revolution, which it could be expected.
The first "Sin City" in 2005, a minimal, but symbolic, Quentin Tarantino's involvement, made a revolution in the relationship between movies, comic books and literary noir.
The sequel also in his own way class: In the sense that it is fundamental to modern thinking chain" thesis - ghazal - Nuara if you understand the thesis of the universe, and the antithesis - synthesis" comic space.
From now on it should read: "the thesis of a ghazal - chaos."
"city грехов-2 chaotic and on dramatic, and on a philosophical level: Both times he chaotic in the bad sense of the word.
Yes, some of the characters are familiar on the first "City," though, behold, Gromala Marv, Mickey Rourke, as far as I remember, broken lives on the electric chair, and here, nothing, only and does it - in the role, popular druzhinniki - from the air with knives and axes des.
But old people literally rastalkivaut elbows newcomers, like vlie in the city from some other movie, about the meaning and plot which viewers are asked not to worry.
So, has its own history, shamelessly oboard authors in an interesting place, superudaclivogo players have Johnny Joseph Gordon-Levitt.
Its own - pohotlivofrigidnoy Eve Lord of Eva Green and something avenging her Dwight, Josh Brolin.
But this confusion in which Dwight in, say, the person does not distinguish from Johnny - all the more so for the face, as well as other parts of the body, characters endure with inexorable regularity, is not a problem, and even not only half the problem.
It is not people well, we understand that this Nuara archetypes: Fatal smoothly, too confident player, ugodivshiy in sex crime, corrupt upyrsenator "made trap.
Well, and when the archetype valet pinnes archetype and archetype, it no longer film, and esteem that abstract painting.
And to ask questions about the logic of the story of abstract painting is ridiculous.
Moreover, even in this sumatoshnom world there is something permanent.
Fighting whores from the first "City" still hold circular defense from their relatives osagdangih slums of the forces of darkness.
Yes, and the specter of a detective Hartigan no, and the light, and Bruce Willis is always nice to see.
"City грехов-2" the main problem lies elsewhere.
Frank Miller was good because as risovalshik vivid joined comic and film noir, and as a director - an idea of how to endure the cartoons turned on the screen.
Comic and film noir - two aggressively opposing "reality."
Anaheim phenomenon in the modern state was born in the late 1920s, at the same time, when the novels "Cocktail Harvest" Dashiel Hammet, 1929, 1930 "Maltese Falcon" and "The Glass Key" of 1931 established canon Nuara imenovavshegosya then hard-boiled school - "cool school."
Well, or pulp fiction.
Comics gave Hollywood many dozens of heroes: Spinach from moryachka Pope - an audience that he would force to syskarya Dick Tracy, Superman, Batman and the Hulk, Thor, Spider-Man and other "mstiteley."
But there was something of an intrinsically defective adumbration: Graphic novels in any movie based on comics characters stubbornly unwilling to receives the on-screen flesh, pritvoryashkami remained in the "real" world surrounding them willy-nilly.
Simply put, they had been deprived of "existence."
Noir, by contrast, is the most existential genre of world literature.
After the world wars with the traditional novel experiences, personalities, family scandals and historical background - has lost all credibility.
What Forsythe which Thibaut and les Rougon-Macquart which even Bolkonsky and the Rostovs at all entertaining after Verdun, Auschwitz and Hiroshima?
This novel muted peacefully in the soap opera format, and criminal - that is, by definition, marginal - the well being to the level of philosophical prose novel.
Hammett on his skin learned that this work orderly at the front.
He was a communist.
How, by the way, were, at the very least, close to the Communist Party and the pillars of the genre such as writers Horace McCoy and Jim Thompson, directors Jules Dassin, Joseph Losey, Edward Dmitri.
So Noir, whose archetype they asked first, rough and cynical, and the second is purely social.
It's almost no American social realism.
The first "Sin City" was remarkable is that desperate, but joined the comic with near organically.
For the first time on the screen comic point, not to their graphic nature, and was not a "real" movie.
Gloom sales around the world, where the cardinal ordered the killing, and Senator covering the monstrous synasadista, was quite worthy Hammet pen.
But the picturesque details like cut heads sadist decorated their cocoon, pen writer James Ellroy, author of "Dark orchids and better - i.e. declaratively toshnotvornogo neonoir representative.
"грехов-2 city" - it's not even a retreat, and radical style capitulation MilleraRodrigesa before comics tradition.
Perhaps, in many ways, this was due to the 3D technology.
When the second "Sin City" look, feel themselves prisoners in a glass ball, within which the snow falls asleep cloak dolls.
However, often it is not the snow, and the bloody, but in the end what is the difference?
But about business-process and say nothing.
In fact it is possible only when somewhere, in some places we have at times, albeit on the sidelines of the dirty swamp, but there is a world where a girl can return pecede on the curve or, say, tell bezuteshnym parents that her capital punished.
When there is no place in the city of sin anything except sin, and grest has no sin, but the norm.
Boring, as any norm.
"City грехов-2" chaos just suchen.
Justice for the sake of the domestic rental gave this small but perchinko pres sin.
Captions warning: The film contains harmful scenes of smoking.
Relative to the spectacle, the Vegetarian episode in which a person forceps break fingers, it gives the infernal humor.
Hemet would have liked it.
French Socialists should "shut up and lead France in order," says Hollande's key ally Fresa
Mr Wall presidentusocialistu called deeply razdelivshiesya leftist forces "to demonstrate a warm relationship" to podvergangemusya attacks, whose reshuffle did not find the approval for the vast majority of the French.
The president deserves respect, he deserves our loyalty, he deserves our support.
"It is our duty is to stay close to him," he said, to applause.
As a gesture of reconciliation, the Prime Minister assured that his government would not be questioning the disputed 35-hour week in France, despite suggestions that it would weaken the rules conflict by Emmanuel macron messages, the new economy minister, earlier this week.
On Saturday Mr Hollande begged their comrades on the Socialist Party to remain "united" with the government.
But Christian Taubira, Minister usitzii, put a spoke in the wheels coming on the holdouts of members of parliament from the Socialist Party and the Socialist Party criticized for the fact that it allowed the French "lose faith in the future."
The far-right National Front leader Marine le Necklace, expressed contempt for constant internal conflicts among Socialists, saying that it is not that the new government Wall last longer than a few months.
François Hollande - the naked king, but naked and Prince Manuel Vall forced to assemble a new government, when the former not proderjalos and summer.
"and the new autumn or winter doesn't last very long," Ms. Le Pen told reporters.
She repeated his party's call for the dissolution of parliament, saying that she believes that the party could easily win a mid-term election and is ready to govern.
France's ruling party suffered the defeat in the March municipal elections, and the far-right National Front came first in the EU elections in May.
A survey in Sunday's Journal du Dimanche found that 76 percent of the French believe that the Socialist Party is in danger of unravelling a few sopernicayuschiy factions before the end of Mr Hollande's presidency in 2017.
Pascal Perrineau, a political analyst from the University of San Poe, warned that the French will quickly lose patience if the new socialist government will not improve the economy and record unemployment.
He has little time, but public opinion must quickly feel that something is changing," he warned.
Otherwise, the situation could become even worse.
"City Without Drugs" remained without action
Sverdlovsky arbitration court left without consideration rasporyaditelnoy claim the Regional Directorate of the Ministry for the management of the fund "City Without Drugs."
The intended to pay with the organization of more than 7 million rubles as payment for the lease of the building in the centre of Yekaterinburg.
However, the plaintiff twice failed to show up in court.
Today, the Arbitration Court of the Sverdlovsk region left without consideration of the executive action of the Ministry of State Property MUGISO to fund "City Without Drugs" of one of the founders of the region - the mayor of Yekaterinburg Yevgeny Y.Petrov, S.Alibekov.
Representatives of the regional authorities intended to pay with the organization of 7.3 million rubles as payment for the lease of the building.
Today it was known that the plaintiff twice failed to show up in court, and was made the decision in consideration.
Could not explain the reason for the absence of representatives in the MUGISO Directorate Maxim Titov, head of the legal department did not respond to phone calls.
With the representatives of the fund also failed to contact.
We are talking about the mansion, which has held the fund in the city centre on the street Belinschi, 19 at no charge since 2011.
Such a decision was taken to exGovernator Alexander Misharin.
In November 2012 rasporyaditelnaya Directorate of the Ministry of State Property Sverdlovsk region filed a lawsuit in Sverdlovsk Arbitration Court of the fund's expulsion from the building.
According to the suit, the agency required by the court to recognize not made the treaty a osobnyakapamyatnika gratis.
According to the MUGISO Directorate, the agreement were not recorded significant conditions on the lease of a cultural heritage site.
Sverdlovsky arbitration court dismissed the suit, then the appeal was filed in Perm 17th arbitration court, which was satisfied.
Then in the same court Fund filed the appeal this decision, which was left without meeting the Fund, after which the decision was challenged in the Supreme Arbitration Court, but the court took the side.
A new lease agreement was concluded in 2013, according to which the fund has again started to pay the rent, about this told the head of the city of Eugene Y.Petrov, S.Alibekov.
The rent was appointed to 300,000 rubles per month.
Of the previous administration gave us in this building, free of charge, by recognizing our achievements in the fight against drugs, in a sign of respect for the Fund.
The current administration has decided differently," he said.
Tatiana Drogaeva, Yekaterinburg
Why the mayor of Yekaterinburg offered to leave voluntarily
On July 24, the deputy of Yekaterinburg United Russia' Alexander Kosintsev suggested that the mayor is the Speaker of Eugene Roizman to resign.
The occasion was a criminal case against Ladies-pensioners arrested on suspicion of the murder of the deputy Oleg Kinewa is an associate of the mayor.
As Eugene Roizman found a criminal case
July 1 was known to open a criminal investigation into the "slander" article 128.1 of the Criminal Code of the Russian Federation in Ekaterinburg blog mayor Yevgeny Roizman.
The GU MVD in the Sverdlovsk region, where Anna Tissue Center "Protection" turned with corresponding application of the rule of law.
According to her, Mr. Y.Petrov, S.Alibekov accused her of their entries in the blog that she implicated to crimes that allegedly made her former husband.
The mayor of Yekaterinburg is convinced that "this is yet another attempt to avenge the truth."
The iPhone will transform in the wallet
In the run-up to September 9, when Apple must present their new developments, new leaks appear in the press about what can be expected from the presentation.
With reference to the American media sources report that the sixth generation of the iPhone will be equipped with a mobile wallet function as a result of the joint project in Apple and payment systems Visa, MasterCard and American Express.
According to Bloomberg and business-processes Re/code, the presentation of new products on September 9, Apple may also announce a joint project with Visa, MasterCard and American Express, resulting in a new smartphone, the iPhone 6 will be available to the function of a mobile wallet.
The companies themselves reject any comments on the matter.
This feature allows you to make the payment on the box office of the shop with the help of smartphone.
Payment will be carried out by the user on his fingerprint identification with the help of the Touch ID feature.
Reports that the iPhone will be included for the first time the NFC technology called near field communication, which allows to make contactless payment via smartphone and the respective schityvangego device at the box office.
The NFC technology will be available with microprocessors from the Dutch high-tech company NXP, formerly Philips Semiconductors.
For the first time the NFC feature was introduced in 2004 as part of the cooperation of the companies Sony, Nokia, Philips Semiconductors, and more than 100 other companies, the so-called NFC Forum is an association for the promotion of this technology.
The first phone with NFC was released by Nokia in 2006.
The first Android smartphone with NFC - Samsung Nexus S - was introduced in 2010.
In May 2011, Google introduced Google Wallet system that allows users to add bank cards to their Google account and pay using the Android smartphone.
However, American experts emphasize that, despite large investments in high-tech companies in the promotion of NFC technology, American retailers still has a cautious attitude to such and not too willingly spend money on equipment for its stores of such systems.
Observers are hoping that Apple's entry into this market will force retailers to accelerate and actively implement this technology in its outlets.
The French Foreign Ministry: Paris's position regarding the supply in Russia "Mistral" does not change
The French Foreign Ministry spokesman romains Nadal said about Paris unchanged stance regarding Russia's delivery of Mistral helicopter carriers.
"I remind the President of the Republic, François Hollande's statement he made in an interview with the newspaper Le Monde on August 20: "Today the level of the sanctions do not prevent the delivery.
This decision of Europeans, not France," the RIA Novosti quotes Mr. Nadal.
As a representative of the French Foreign Minister answered the question of whether the deterioration of the situation in Ukraine will not change the position of Paris on the implementation of this contract
Read more about supply helicopter carriers to Russia in the material of Oleg magazine "Mistral almost our."
The Security Council of Ukraine: For the past 24 hours in the zone of a military operation killed seven soldiers
Ukraine's National Security and Defense Council spokesman Andriy Lysenko said that over the past 24 hours in the zone of hostilities in the east of the country seven Ukrainian soldiers were killed, and another 25 were wounded.
The situation under Ilovaisky is extremely difficult.
Until the operation is completed the withdrawal of troops from the environment, oglashatlsya details will not be.
At the end of the operation will be made public details of losses and the causes of the current situation.
Those responsible in the event of such a situation will bear the consequences," Mr. Lysenko added, refusing to discuss the situation under Ilovaisky, where several Ukrainian battalions have got in the environment.
According to the Defense Council representative, "done everything possible in order to return the soldiers who found themselves in captivity," the Itar-Tass news agency reported.
Mr Lysenko also noted that the Ukrainian military departed from the airport of Lugansk Georgievka in the direction of the settlement.
Learn more about the situation in the east of Ukraine Arsen Avakov read in the article "Kommersant": The first Ukrainian military came out of the environment under Ilovaisky."
Norwegian Cruise is approaching $3-миллиардной deal with the Prestige Cruises
Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd NCHL.O, the third largest cruise operator in the world, is at the final stage of negotiations on the acquisition of a similar company Prestige Cruises International Inc for about $3 billion, according to people familiar with the situation.
The deal would provide Norwegian Cruise, a company with a market stoimsty $6.8 billion, and access to the "luxury cruise ships off customers Prestige Cruises, as it competes with larger rivals Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd RCL.N CCL.N and Carnival Corp.
The agreement could be announced as early as this week, sources said on Sunday, warning that the talks could still collapse.
The owner of the Prestige Cruises, private investment firm Apollo Global Management LLC APO.N, also owns 20 percent of the shares of the Norwegian Cruise.
The sources asked to remain unnamed at present, because the talks are not open.
Representatives of the Norwegian Cruise and Prestige Cruises has not responded to requests to comment, while Apollo representative declined to comment on the information.
Norwegian Cruise, based in Miami, manages 13 Cruise ships on routes, covering North America, the Mediterranean, the Baltic Sea, Central America and the Caribbean.
Its revenue totaled $2.57 billion in 2013, 13 percent more than in 2012.
The Prestige Cruises, Oceania and Regent is also based in Miami, operating under the brands, which together own eight Cruise ships that go in Scandinavia, Russia, the Mediterranean, North America, Asia, Africa and South America.
She said about $1.2 billion in income in 2013, 6 percent higher than a year earlier.
It is expected that the cruise industry is a salutary effect on $29-миллиардной in subsequent years the growth of the middle class in emerging economies such as China and India.
The company's racing are seeking to position itself as a cruise operators, preferred these new customers.
The Prestige Cruises was registered in the US regulatory bodies for the initial public offering of shares in January 2014.
Apollo has become the main shareholder of the company after $850-миллионной deals in 2007.
Norwegian Cruise was created in that form, as it is now, in the year 2000 as a result of the merger with the knight's cruise operator Genting Bhd GENT.KL, entertainment and casino conglomerate toothfish under control, Malaysian billionaire Lim Kok Thea.
Apollo invested $1 billion in the Norwegian Cruise in 2008.
Norwegian Cruise became a public company in January 2013.
Genting owned shares in 28 percent, Apollo owned shares in 20 percent, and private investment firm TPG Capital LP owned 8 percent stake in the company, according to the end of June, according to reports.
The Carnival, Royal Caribbean Cruises and Norwegian Cruise together account for 82 percent of cruise passenger traffic in North America, according to the registration documents at the first public placement of shares Prestige Cruises.
"Crimea" TV and Radio Company can get 250 million rubles subsidies
In Russia's Communications Ministry offer the state broadcasting company "Crimea" 250 million rubles in 2014.
As follows from the Communications Ministry placed on a single portal project preparation information disclosure regulations, subsidies will spend" on the costs of creating the conditions for large-scale media coverage of the social and economic situation and the development of modern information space on the territory of the Republic of Crimea."
The money will go to buy equipment, repair roofs and energy systems in the building of TV and Radio Company, founded in 1959, the RIA Novosti reported.
Activists of the democracy movement in Hong Kong thwarted by the Chinese representative on the day after the election decision
A group of citizens, loyal to Beijing, stood nearby, waving the Chinese flag.
The Standing Committee of the National People's Congress on Sunday identified the procedure by which only two or three candidates will be allowed to take part in the election of Hong Kong's leader in 2017.
All candidates must first get the support of the majority of the members of the committee, which is likely to be full of Beijing loyalists.
The decision makes it almost impossible for the democratic opposition to get on the ballot and made the democratic movement activists again promise to stop the financial center of Hong Kong protests" of Central."
Political reform is the main source of tension in Hong Kong, as the Chinese party leaders fear that a call for democracy will spread to other cities.
Beijing in the wake of the publication of the document describes China's control over Hong Kong, in June, the democratic movement activists held an unofficial referendum elections in a special administrative region, and hundreds of thousands marched in the city's business center and a sit-in.
Briefing Li is organized by the Hong Kong government and the Chinese Liaison Office in Hong Kong.
Vice-Chairman of the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress Rongshun and deputy director of Hong Kong and Macau Affairs Office of the State Council Zhang Feng Wei also had to act on a series of briefings during the day.
Studentsaktivists said that they will gather at the building of the head of the Hong Kong government in the second half of the day.
The United Kingdom does not mention about a democratic governance for Hong Kong until the last day of its 150 years of colonial rule.
The Israeli authorities intend to add 400 hectares of land owned by the Palestinian Authority
The Israeli authorities announced that they intend to add 400 hectares of land in the West Bank, owned by the Palestinian Authority.
As the BBC reports, the decision to land Southern Valaam is associated with the desire of revenge for the abduction and murder of three Israeli teenagers in June of this year.
The capture of the territory Israel's defense phase announced on Sunday and the military and administrative control on the western coast.
According to a representative of the Gaza Strip Saib Arikat, the world community should urge Israel to account for "continuing settlement activity in the West Bank and East Jerusalem."
Putin calls from Kiev to start talks about "statehood" in Eastern Ukraine
According to Russian news reports about his comments, Russian President Vladimir Putin demanded on Sunday that the Ukrainian government fighting with separatists in the east of the country and immediately began talks about otdelivshegosya "statehood" in the region.
His spokesman, Dmitry Peskov, later clarified that he meant no hint that the territory under the control of the separatists vostochnoukrainskaya will become part of Russia, but that its status within Ukraine should be revised to give russkogovoryaschemu region to protect their rights and interests.
But Putin's call for the Kyiv government to begin talks with the pro-Russian rebels as an equal with the obvious strategy, which he will follow with the bloodshed began five months ago: To help separatists take territory and force the Ukrainian government to give novoprovozglashennoy territory and took place de facto independence, to move closer to Russia, not the West.
In an interview with state television First television channel Putin condemned the Ukrainian military campaign on return retained the separatists in the eastern Donetsk and Luhansk regions, which were captured in March and April, after Moscow annexed the Ukrainian peninsula of Crimea on March 18.
The Kremlin and the separatists recently named Novorossia seized territories, or New Russia, a name that refers to the glory days of the Russian Empire prerevolution.
Putin said that anyone who believes that the peace talks will occur in the near future, when the Ukrainian politicians are starting the campaign for parliamentary elections on October 26 and in that time, as government forces attack peaceful settlements in the separatist regions, is "the illusions," Itar-Tass reported.
"We should immediately start meaningful negotiations and not only on technical issues, but also on the political unit of society and the state status of southeastern Ukraine, to serve the interests of the people living there," he said.
Peskov said that Putin's words about the state had in mind in the context of a wider autonomy, which has been discussed for months with the leaders in Kiev in an attempt to calm fears in Russian-speaking areas that their cultural and language rights at risk.
Only the Ukrainian government can give to the eastern regions autonomy," Peskov said.
This is not a matter for discussion between Ukraine and Russia, Peskov said, "because it is not a conflict between Russia and Ukraine, and the internal Ukrainian conflict."
The Kremlin's press secretary intervention to improve Putin's words underscored the decision "incorrect interpretation" of the Russian leadership to behave towards the separatist uprising in the east in a different way than the seizure of Crimea, where most 2-миллионного population is ethnic Russians.
Moscow would have to endure a much more difficult battle to attach even Donetsk and Lugansk region of eastern Ukraine, as most of the 6.5 million people are not the Russians, and polls showed broad support desire to stay within Ukraine before the start of the conflict.
Autonomy, which Russian diplomats discussed at international forums would give local governments the power to determine trade agreements and foreign policy in Ukraine, as a matter of fact, passing the Kremlin de facto control of the territory, which would be a major area of Russia with the Crimea.
On the Black Sea peninsula, prisoedinennom five months ago, is the main Russian military fleet, as well as commercial maritime agencies and historical sea resorts.
In the regions between Russia's Rostov region and Crimea are also in mines, factories and founding factories that produce the necessary equipment for the Russian army.
Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko proposed during his inauguration speech on June 7, Ukrainian lawmakers after new elections to borrow amendments to the constitution to give ethnic regions greater control over their finances and the status of languages.
But his opinion on the autonomy, it seems, is very different from the view of the Kremlin and povstancevseparatistov, weapons and inciting which accuse Moscow.
Putin's call for Kiev to negotiate with Chechen separatist leaders as equals, followed by new rebel nastupleniami last week after Russian troops and tanks into eastern Ukraine from the first peaceful area along the Azov Sea.
Russian-backed separatists took control of the city Novoazovsk in the offensive, which members of the Ukrainian security services say they are afraid that it is the beginning of the campaign to capture the strategic coastal territory to the Crimea.
This caused a massive civilian and military efforts to strengthen Mariupol, steel port with 500,000 inhabitants, which is located between Novoazovsk and a narrow alleyway on the Crimean peninsula.
Poroshenko on Saturday addressed a meeting of European Union leaders in Brussels to call for measures to prevent further Russian aggression against Ukraine, the former Soviet republic that has been independent for 23 years.
"We are approaching the point of no return," warned Poroshenko.
Thousands of foreign troops and hundreds of foreign tanks are now on the territory of Ukraine.
No EU summit adopted certain measures; leaders called for more severe sanctions against Russia for the project, which will be taken in case of any escalation of the Ukrainian crisis.
Ukrainian soldiers had to withdraw from their positions in Ilovaisk after two columns of Russian armored vehicles and 1,000 military last week included the separatists in the Donetsk region to support difficulties, Colonel Andriy Lysenko, a spokesman for the Council on national security and defense of Ukraine told reporters in Kiev on Saturday.
The first of 63 Ukrainian soldiers, who reportedly held in Ilovaisk as a result of the Russian invasion, were exchanged on Sunday at 10 Russian aviadesantnikov captured on Ukrainian territory a week ago, Lysenko Sunday said.
Nude photo scandal captures Australian celebrities and Gabi Greco
Jeffrey Edelstein expressed his disgust to hackers may have stolen nude photos of his fiancee Gabi Greco and a list of Hollywood stars.
Hollywood in protest after a series of explicit photos, on which a naked Jennifer Lawrence, got into the Internet as a result of the hacker scandal with celebrities.
They say that a hacker, responsible for it, has about 60 candid photos "hunger games" star Lawrence and superstars, including model Kate Upton and Cara Delevingne, Rihanna, Ariane Grande and Lea Michele, singer and actress Kirsten Dunst.
Australian actors have Teresa Palmer, Emily Browning, Yvonne Strahovski and lives in Melbourne Greco also were allegedly stolen photos as a result of the leak with iCloud.
In the list of 101 name celebrities.
Edelsten, who made the proposal last month, Greco told Confidential: "It's disgusting."
All private correspondence and photos should remain private.
Terrible that personal information can be stolen and sent to other people.
Greco, who is in New York, reportedly told the news website that the hacker attack was "shameful" and that those to whom it was directed, "feel that invaded by him."
It is expected that a hacker has 30 photos Palmer with former boyfriend Scott Speedman, including two frames, where she was lying by the pool with a naked breast.
Palmer work in movies include "Love and Honor" at the same time, Hemswort.
Palmer, a star of the film "Chuck" Strahovski and actress from "Prohibited reception" Browning yesterday commented not stolen photos.
Lawrence's representative told TMZ: "This is the brazen invasion of privacy."
Actor Seth Rogen expressed outrage at the address a hacker, writing on Twitter: "post photos, stolen from a mobile phone, in fact, is no different from the sale of stolen goods."
Just from a legal point of view, you cannot tolerate the publication of the stolen photos.
Found a potential way to steal photos of naked celebrities
The mass hacking accounts stars may have produced through a vulnerability in the Find My Phone app.
A potential scenario described The Next Web resource.
The website GitHub was published in Python script, which allowed to choose passwords to Apple's Find My Phone service.
This service allows you to track the whereabouts of the iPhone.
To access it uses the same ligament login and password for that Apple ID and access to iCloud, Apple's cloud, from which were stolen photos of celebrities.
The script allowed search method to identify the password from the Find My Phone.
With this method has consistently introduces various combinations of characters, starting with the most commonly used passwords.
The author of the script argued that the number of options in the Find My Phone service passwords indefinitely.
With proper organization security system after several unsuccessful attempts to enter the wrong password account should be blocked and reported to the user about hacking attempt.
Because of the vulnerability, users do not receive any messages about trying to find the password to the account.
Hackers have learned from Apple ID password and used it to access iCloud.
According to the Twitter user Hackapp vulnerability was discovered two days ago, on Saturday, and to her written script program for the password.
At the moment the vulnerability is closed: After five attempts blocked access to the service.
The resource Hackapp got in touch with the user and he noted that the vulnerability is typical for many services, but noted that it has no evidence that this vulnerability was used to access the account "stars."
It is not I, RT plz
In Twitter prime minister once again appeared extraneous records
Although there is no solid evidence that the vulnerability in the Find My Phone was used for photo theft, was previously a wave of malicious actions with the use of this service.
Hackers intercept device management and demanded a ransom from the owners.
In that case, Apple said the media that, in this case the clouds security was not compromised, but not held investigations about how users have lost their accounts.
Russia also previously was hacked Twitter Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev.
If attackers have access to iCloud described above, could there is stored and password to the account of the head of the government in service microblogging.
The The Next Web site was not able to get Apple's comments about the vulnerability in the Find My Phone.
Putin granted Russian citizenship of Ukrainian pyatiborke
Russian President Vladimir Putin granted Russian citizenship of famous Ukrainian porte Anne Buryak.
The decree published on the website of legal information.
At the beginning of this year athlete moved to Russia for permanent residence and turned in the Russian Federation of contemporary events with a request to provide her with the opportunity to play for the national team.
The European Championship 2013-м she won two stages of the World Cup, won the silver medal in the individual championship and became world champion in a mixed race, which is one of the new types of programs in this sport.
She holds a leading position in the current season.
According to the rules, to act on Олимпиаде-2016 in Rio de Janeiro, she will need to obtain special permission of the Olympic Committee of Ukraine.
Anna Buryak is not the first Ukrainian athlete, traded citizenship.
In July, Vladimir Putin decided to grant the Russian Ekaterina shahmatistke passport Lagno urojenke city, which is double European champion, 2005, 2008, 2010 World four open tournaments, and rapid, 2014.
In the women's team of Ukraine athlete won the Chess Olympiad in Turin 2006, world team championship in Astana in 2013 and the European team championship in Warsaw, 2013.
TFR stopped the investigation into the accident aircraft Vnukovo
The investigative committee of Russia's TFR stopped the criminal investigations into the airline Red Wings Tu-204 catastrophe.
This press agency reported.
The decision was taken in connection with the death of the aircraft commander and flight engineer.
Forensic examination revealed that the cause of the accident was increased speed for landing, the crew of standard procedures on landing, as well as the unintended output engines on the elevated turns direct thrust.
The airline's jet aircraft, the Red Wings had flight Prague - Moscow, crashed while landing at Moscow's Vnukovo airport on December 29, 2012.
The aircraft vykatilosl for takeoff strip and alight.
The commander of the aircraft, the second pilot and flight engineer were killed at the scene.
Two flight were taken to medical centers where later died from their injuries.
Another three flight attendants, hospitalized with injuries tgan, passed the long-term care.
In addition, serious injury was the driver of the vehicle, the move at the time of the disaster on Kiev highway.
Passengers on board the aircraft was not.
The transport prosecutor's office after the disaster, held in the Red Wings of the test, in which numerous violations were revealed.
In February 2013, the airline license was suspended.
The company resumed work in the summer of 2013.
Aleksander Emelianenko began to train in pretrial detention
The prominent Russian fighter mixed style 33-year-old Aleksander Emelianenko, who is in prison on charges of violent conduct of a sexual nature against the house keeper, fully recovered from the injury and started training.
This "Championship" reports.
In May of this year, Russia's Investigative Committee showed Alexander Emelianenko rape charges.
The suspect was wanted, on May 9, he was detained in Tambov after committing them traffic accident, in which he got hip fracture.
Emellanenkomladshiy was placed under arrest until August 31, on September 1 was scheduled sentencing.
However, the court was postponed, a consequence of the training on the extension of the detention period to September 30.
In the case of an athlete will be proven, he could face imprisonment for up to six years.
The power, brother?
"Lenta.Ru" recalls the most scandalous stories in the career of Alexander Emelianenko
His last fight Emelianenko spent in January of this year, losing a technical knockout sootechestvenniku Dmitry Sosnovsky.
Alexander is the younger brother of the more famous fighter Fedor Emelianenko.
The latter is a 4x champion of the world of mixed martial arts, 4x champion of the world, and Russia's vengeance champion sambo.
Anger turned out to be the most versatile and functional human emotion
Serditoe facial expression is biologically universal for humanity, and everyone involved in its creation body and muscle group is no coincidence, but is an additional way of expressing power and threats, researchers have found in Australia and the United States.
About their discoveries, they reported in the journal Evolution and Human Behavior, and briefly about them can be read in the press release at the University of California in Santa Barbara.
Angry facial expression - backs and climbing down the eyebrows, lips vytyanutye in the thin line, bloated nostrils - the same in all cultures, and make it even blind from birth children, never saw him, Aaron Szell, lead author of the study, said.
In the framework of a major research project on the nature of anger, the scientists found that this emotion for the effective management of disputes arose during the conflict.
The more physical damage of one man can do another, the more he has opportunities to dictate their terms, and he communicates it to the other person with anger.
The researchers found confirmation and another of his hypothesis: Physically strong people often angry and turn to pitch invasions, consider themselves entitled to impose another disadvantage conditions for them, as well as to strong-arm tactics to solve conflicts peacefully.
From that anger is first and foremost "bargaining emotion," the scientists decided that the movement of each of the seven groups of muscles, creating serditoe facial expression, should represent the angry individual more powerful and dangerous in the eyes of the other person - and thus force as soon as possible to agree to its terms in order to avoid conflict.
To test this hypothesis, the researchers modeled on a person's computer, where each of the seven elements nalichestvoval or been angry faces, and showed them to their informants.
Although blackout eyebrows or by the chin forward separately do evil person, the person with such features more physically strong research participants agreed unanimously.
The anger of the person, as well as animals, exaggerated the threat: The cause of their own power, and agree to comply.
The man podgimaet lips and nostrils with the same purpose as a frog naduvaetsya, or the Baboon, which demonstrates their fangs.
"anger" runs of your partner's refusal to accept the situation, and face immediately takes shape, demonstrating the opposite side of the consequences of that refusal as efficiently as possible.
But the most striking thing is that none of the components of a angry person is not arbitrary, they all are one and the same," said anthropologist John Toubi.
The Communications Ministry to allocate 250 million rubles TV and Radio Company "Crimea"
Communications Ministry proposed to allocate 250 million rubles in 2014 from the federal budget, an autonomous non-profit organization "Television and Radio" Crimea.""
It said in the government's draft resolution, prepared by the agency, with which the "Lenta.ru."
According to the explanatory note to the project, subsidies from the federal budget will be directed "to cover the costs of creating conditions for large-scale media coverage of the social and economic situation and the development of modern information space on the territory of the Republic of Crimea, including the purchase of equipment."
In particular, on the money it into television unit, the video wall, the central hardware and videoservernuu.
Also planned acquisition of mobile TV station and satellite transmitter.
In addition, the funds, the company will use a fiber-optic link, FOCL and repair of the energy system.
Subsidies will be provided within the federal budget provided for the Communications Ministry.
"Crimea" state teleradioveshchatelnaya company established in 1959, broadcasting in seven languages: Ukrainian, Russian and Crimean Tatar, German, Greek, Bulgarian and Armenian.
To date, coverage of a TV signal broadcasting company makes up more than 75 percent of the territory of the peninsula.
In 2011, "Television and Radio "Crimea" has received a license for television broadcasting in digital format.
