The Prime Ministers of India and Japan are encountered in Tokyo
The new Prime Minister of India, Narendra to Modi, meets with his Japanese colleague, Shinzo Abe, in Tokyo in order to discuss connections in the region of the economy and safety, within the framework of its first serious foreign visit after victory on the elections in May.
Mr. Modi is situated in the five-day trip to Japan for the purpose of strengthening economic ties with the third largest economy of peace.
In the chapter of agenda plans with respect to broadening of nuclear collaboration.
India also, according to existing information, hopes for the agreement on the defense collaboration between two states.
Fano of Russia will conduct the final expert session
The Federal agency of scientific organizations (Fano of Russia) together with RAN [Russian Academy of Science] will conduct third expert session “estimation of the effectiveness of the activity of scientific organizations”.
Meeting will become final in a series of the meetings, conducted by agency during the year, communicates in the press release, which entered into the editorial staff “tapes. RU”.
At the third meeting it is planned to total of the work of expert session in the year and to form the total enumeration of indices for evaluating the result of scientific organizations.
Separately participants in the measure plan to discuss the rules of the forming of the expert groups, which correspond for conducting of evaluating the work of scientific groups, and the criterion of conducting the estimations.
The third expert session will become the completing measure in the turn of events for the forming united approach to the procedure of the estimation of the result of the activity of scientific organizations of united for all three academies.
In the past five months this succeeded for us, and the total version of normative documents is found on the agreement.
On the sums of the nearest session we must complete the forming of the processes of scientometric and expert analysis, agree about stages and periods of conducting estimation”, said the chief for expert-analytical administration Fano of Russia Helen Aksenova.
In the measure will participate the representatives more than hundred scientific institutes of Russia.
The adoption of resolution is expected on its sums.
Meeting will begin in 10 mornings Moscow time on September 16, 2014 with the address: city Moscow, the street of Solyanka, house 14.
Scientists found the method of detecting the related stars
Astrophysics from the University of California in Santa-Cruise were studied turbulent mixing and his influence on the chemical uniformities in the star clusters.
It is expected that the discovery of specialists will make it possible to search for among the stars those related, i.e., arisen of one cluster.
The authors published the results of their studies in the periodical of Nature, and briefly with them it is possible to become acquainted on the site of university.
The reason for the identical chemical composition of the blizlezhayshikh stars is the turbulent mixing in the clouds of gas, which precedes the formation of stars.
Even if the born star then leaves starry cluster, by its chemical composition it is possible to determine the place of its generation and region of the formation of star-relatives.
Earlier the scientists had doubts about the fact that the evolution of star out of the cluster can lead to the appearance of differences in its chemical content from the same in relatives in the cluster.
The results of simulation, carried out by astrophysicists, show that such differences must not appear.
In their study the specialists with the aid of the Super Computer modelled two flows of interstellar gas, who together formed cloud.
This object for several million years under the action of its own gravity is converted into the cluster, in which begin to be formed the protostars.
Scientists added paint-markers into the initial gas flows and established that because of the rapid turbulent mixing in the cloud the high degree of chemical uniformity is reached.
As they consider astrophysics, their study proves, that it is possible to search for star-relatives by the chemical composition, and to also determine the possible regions of the formation of such objects.
The police of Karraty arrested 20-year after pursuit motorcycle at the high speed
Motorcycle was confiscated after on it they passed at the speed of 125 km/h in the zone with speed limit 70 km/h and through bushlend in order to be hidden from the police in Pilbare.
Transport police patrol in Karrate this morning attempted to stop blue motorcycle, after revealing that its speed reaches 125 km/h, when it left from the service station to Batgeyt Roud.
The police reports that the motorcyclist did not stop and continued motion on Burgess Roud, then it rolled up into bushlend policemen they, as a result of which lost it out of sight.
The motorcycle and person, who corresponds to the description of driver, were noticed next to the house on Wolcott Way in Bulgarre.
The police of Karraty produced for 20-year man charge in the failure to stop and dangerous driving.
It must appear before the world court of Karraty on September 23.
Motorcycle was confiscated and detained for three months.
Academic year in DNR will begin not earlier than October
On September 1 academic year in DNR will not begin, since in the region only 10% of children.
On this reported the Minister of Education and science of self-proclaimed republic Igor Kostenok.
According to him, 11% of schoolchildren left into other regions of Ukraine, 20% - to Russia.
Instruction in the schools in the territory, controlled by DNR, will begin not earlier on October 1.
However, teachers will leave to the work on September 1.
Is completed the investigation of catastrophe Tu-204 into Vnukovo in 2012
The Investigative Committee of Russia completed the investigation criminal case for the fact of the crash of aircraft Tu-204 in the airport Vnukovo in December 2012.
On this they reported today in SK (Investigative Committee) RF.
“Moscow interregional investigation administration in the field of transportation of the Investigative Committee of Russia completed the investigation of the criminal case, excited on the fact of the catastrophe of the air vessel TU of 204 airlines “red of Vingz” in the airport Vnukovo on December 29, 2012, according to the signs of the crime, provided by ch. 3 T. 263 Criminal Code of the Russian Federation/the disturbance of the safety regulations of motion and operation of air transport, which entailed on carelessness death of two and more than the persons”, it is said in the communication of department.
Nonfulfillment by the crew of standard procedures and increased approach speed became the reason for catastrophe.
George Webster is accused of the rapes in the hotels in Neyrne and Pitlokhri
Man will appear before the court for charge in the rapes of women in two hotels.
For George Webster, 28 years, are produced charge during the hearing of high court in the glasgow.
Supposedly, it raped woman in the hotel “of Skotland'z” in Pitlokhri, county of Pertshir, on June 7, 2013.
It is asserted that Webster attacked it, when it was “without the consciousness, it fell and it was unable to give agreement”.
Furthermore, Webster is charged with the rape one additional woman in the hotel “Golf I twist” in Neyrne, which is found in the Northern-Scottish upland, on May 4, 2014.
The judge of lady Ray was appointed hearing in the high court in Edinburgh on November 17.
Lavrov: Russia will not begin “to flap by door” in connection with the new sanctions and it will not leave from the WTO [World Trade Organization]
Russia will not “flap by door” in connection with the new sanctions.
About this stated today the head of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation Sergey Lavrov, coming out before students and instructors of MGIMO [Moscow State Institute of International Relations].
About the reciprocal our measures in the case of the new wave of anti-Russian sanctions, then I even will not discuss, dream, because everything must be concretely calculated, he said.
And when we will understand, on that will honor to this once European and American partners, then we will make decisions about how this to answer.
This will not be connected with the banging with dvermi, such as offences, falsely understood, emphasized minister.
We will be, first of all, repulsed from our interests, the interests to protect our economy, social sphere, our citizens, our business let us draw conclusions from the actions of partners on the object of their adequacy, dogovorosposobnosti and reliability.
On those steps which are undertaken in the region of sanctions, it is possible very well to judge, what partners seek, it continued the head of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation.
If they speak in the entire voice that “they sanction will also be for us painful, but we are forced to this to go in order Russia to punish”, this, probably is not very adequate”.
As far as the WTO [World Trade Organization] of output RF in response to the possible new sanctions is concerned, no.
We, on the contrary, want to more actively master the set of instruments of the WTO [World Trade Organization], including when it goes speech about the commercial disputes, stated Lavrov.
We already engaged this set of instruments in order to overcome, as we count, discrimination policy the European Union with respect to anti-dumping procedures.
According to the minister, Russia they charge with the dumping and in this case use against the branches of the economy RF anti-dumping measures.
“To engage we are ready the mechanisms of the WTO [World Trade Organization], also, in order to defend our position about the inadmissibility to use the standards of the third energy-packet the European Union retrospectively”, said Lavrov.
How it is correct to use a lilac in the design of garden?
Questions answers Irina Okuneva:
Since the lilac after ottsvetaniya loses its basic attractiveness, it is desirable to set down it together with other bushes.
It wonderfully is combined with many cultures.
Moreover it is possible next to the lilac and it is necessary to plant both the plants, decorative within other periods and which bloom simultaneously with it.
One additional plus of lilac in the fact that it allows the mass of opportunities for the creation.
You can form by its trunk sapling of different height, by improved bush, bush with the wide base and even similarity of the garden of bonsay - by sapling with the whimsical bent barrel.
Simply select that form, which more greatly corresponds to the design of your garden.
In Karelia for the sale of false money the inhabitant of Leningrad region is condemned
As they report in republic MVD (Ministry of Internal Affairs), man dealt with his criminal trade in the Olonetskie and Segezhskie regions.
Besides Karelia, it committed similar crimes, also, in other regions of the country.
In particular, accused already had time to leave footprints in the Vologodskaya region, where this spring it was condemned to two and one-half to the years of the deprivation of freedom.
Later man appeared before the Olonetskiy district court.
But for the end of consequence on the crimes, perfected in our republic, it was transported under guard into Segezhu.
In the process of investigation fault on several episodes of the sale of false money, which relate to the summer of 2013, is proven.
At the end of June of current year the materials of criminal case concerning the accusatory conclusion were directed to the court.
On Friday August 29 court delivered the verdict to replace the period of the deprivation of freedom for four years with the serving in the penal colony.
Sentence did not enter the force of law.
Let us recall, are last week condemned two additional sbytchika of the false money, which paid by them in the stores of Petrozavodsk.
The citizens of Azerbaijan arrived to Karelia also from St. Petersburg.
One of them is deprived of freedom to five years, another - to four.
To each is assigned penalty on 500,000 rubles.
Sentence also the force of law yet did not enter.
In Arkhangelsk noted 73-yu the anniversary of the arrival of the first escort “dervish”
The meeting, which took place in the provincial center, was dedicated to the first Arctic escort.
“Dervish” delivered in the USSR military aid from the USA and Great Britain.
In Arkhangelsk the meeting of memory took place in the mortgage stone to the future monument to participants in the northern escorts, which was located on the embankment named Sedov in Solombale.
To the measure were gathered the representatives of the veteranskikh organizations of Arkhangelsk, children from the cadet class.
For the first time we were gathered twenty-three years ago, when stone was laid mortgage.
But in also the time today's event is not holiday, but the day of memory about those, whom did not return sea”, noted the chairman of the council of the veterans of northern sea steam navigation Boris Karpov.
Then on the measure came out urban brass band, and the pupils of cadet classes presented flowers to veterans and marched with the flags of Russia and victory banner.
Meeting ended with the placing of colors to the mortgage stone.
Escort itself consisted of five English courts and one Dutch transport, loaded by the strategically important raw material (10 000 tons of natural rubber, 1 500 tons of regular boots, by tin, by fur and the set of another inventory and equipment).
Furthermore on board the courts was military equipment and weapon - 3 800 depth charges and magnetic mines, fifteen fighters “Hurricane”, in the dismantled state.
In this case the escort of escort they composed 16 ships the Navies of Great Britain, among which there were two aircraft carriers.
The caravan of courts was not discovered by enemy and satisfactorily reached destination - Arkhangelsk.
In all of 848 ships, which participated in the vitally important operations on conducting of caravans, died 126 transport and about 50 military courts.
Within the framework of “Amur autumn” will take place the festival of the amateurish cinema
With 10 in Blagoveshchenk it will until September 12 pass the festival of the amateurish cinema “of KinAmur” within the framework of “Amur autumn”.
Local film amateurs can participate in master-classes and showings of the festival of theater and cinema.
On September 10 participants “in KinAmura” will participate in the master-class of well-known directors, creative meeting and showing “short meter”: “Man-good”, “departing to the orange”, “Arys'-field”.
On September 11 takes place special-showing “fire under the board” of Amur director seeds Rudenko.
On September 12 will pass the solemn closing of the festival “of KinAmur”, where sums will be supplied and the winners of festival are named.
The competition of amateurish cinema will pass on several nominations.
It will for the first time participate the cartoons: to the festival they selected 3 animated films.
In all they participate in the festival of 11 authors.
For the following year its participants plan to be advanced on the Russian level, the press service of the municipal administration reports.
Recalling the very American ideal of the fact that working rights - these are human rights
Congressmen Chinese Ellison and John Lewis proposed the bill, on which the organization of trade unions is guarded as civil right.
“Where the trade unions, there and the jobs of middle class”, speak Ellison, Democrat from Minnesota, who is the co-chairman of the congress of progressive fraction.
This is why I with the pride represent the report about the expansion of the rights of workers together with the symbol of movement for civil rights by John Lewis.
This innovative bill will give to workers the same juridical opportunities with discrimination of the organization of trade unions as with other forms of discrimination, stopping the forces of the enemies of the trade unions
Change of the law about the regulation of working relations in such a way as to allow workers, who collide with discrimination for the participation in the organization of trade unions, to search for justice in the civil vessels - and to obtain compensation for damage and penal payments - the reasonable and necessary initiative.
However, this, undoubtedly, not radical initiative - at least, on the American standards.
In reality, the best method to be dismantled at the fact that propose Ellison, Lewis and co-authors of bill, - to recall very American thought.
In spite of the attacks, by which the trade unions underwent in recent years, in Wisconsin, Michigan and other states in the entire country - Americans once supported the countries of entire world in accepting, enlarging and respecting of working rights.
There was the time, which millions of Americans, when this country simultaneously protected democracy, freedom of speech, press freedom and right for the organization, still remember.
When the United States occupied Japan after the Second World War, General Douglas MakArtur and its assistants helped the country to accept the constitution, comprised so as to guarantee, that the militarized autocracy of Khideki to Todze was substituted with democracy.
Completely realizing, that the workers and their trade unions play role in the forming of new Japan, they included the text, which directly recognized that “the right of workers for the organization, and to the negotiations, and to the collective action is guaranteed”.
When the United States occupied Germany after the Second World War, General Duayt David Eyzenkhauer and his assistants helped Germans to write the constitution, which guaranteed, that the fascism Adolf Hitler was substituted with strong democracy.
Recognizing that to workers it will be necessary to be organized and to be those heard in the new state, Germans included the article, which openly said: “Right to form associations for the purpose to protect and to improve working and economic conditions will guaranteed to each person and each profession or to the sphere of activity.
The agreements, which limit or they attempt to pinch this right, will not have juridical force; the measures, directed toward these the targets, will be acknowledged unlawful.
If first lady Eleanor Roosevelt was the chairman of the international Commission on Human Rights, who composed the world declaration on human rights, which will be in 1948 accepted by the United Nations as the world agreement, Roosevelt and compilers included the guarantee of the fact that “each has the right to organize and to enter the trade unions for the protection of its interests”.
Generations Americans assumed as proper base position about the fact that working rights - these are human rights.
When this country consulted other countries about how to create civil and democratic societies, Americans explained, what right for the organization of trade unions - and to that so that this trade union would participate as equal partner in the collective negotiations with the corporations and government offices - must be protected.
Now, when these rights undergo attacks in America, it is wise to really return to the American ideal of the fact that the working people must have right for the organization and to that so that their voices would be heard in the free and open society.
As saint Martin Luther King youngest said fifty years ago:
History - great teacher.
Each now knows that the trade-union motion did not blow the force up of nation, but increased they.
Raising standard of living of millions, trade unions wonderfully created market for the industry and raised whole nation to the inconceivable output level.
Those, who attack the trade unions, forget these simple truths, but history remembers them.
History remembers, as it is must and to us.
The official acknowledgement of working rights as the rights of man - and the expansion of the protection of civil rights in order to avoid discrimination against the organization of trade unions - has long ago ripened.
Chinese Ellison and John Lewis revive the ideals, which historically enlarged America and made promise to democracy reality.
Judge temporarily blocks the law, which could shut all abortive clinics in Louisiana,
IN the USA the Federal Judge on Sunday temporarily blocked introduction into the action of the law of Louisiana, about which its supporters speak that it, will most likely, shut all five abortive clinics in the state.
_according to this measure, which be signed to performance governor Louisiana Bobby Dzhinadl in June and it must be come into force v silu on September 1, doctor, which make abortion, obligate be have authority reception patient in hospital in radius 30 mile from their practice.
Nevertheless, the decision of judge means that at the present moment the doctors can continue to make legal abortions, continuing to search for such authorities.
“To plaintiffs it will permitted work legally, continuing actions on obtaining of authorities”, it wrote in its solution judge John deGrevellz.
Hearing will be assigned in the course of the month, on which the judge will pass a more constant decision by this law.
The defenders of right to the abortions with happiness received this solution, latter in the turn of the solutions against the similar measures, indicating that this will give to doctors more than time to obtaining of hospital authorities.
“Today's solution guarantees, that the women of Louisiana will be protected from the insidious law, which is approached to deprive of their health and of rights”, said Nancy Nortap, the President and leader of the Center for reproductive rights, who gave lawsuit about the cessation of the action of law from person of three of five clinics of state.
It was not immediately obviously, does relate the solution to the doctors of two clinics, which did not come out as plaintiffs in this matter, and they also gave statement to the authorities of method.
Louisiana enters into 11 states, which accepted similar laws, and courts recently recognized such measures unconstitutional in Alabama and Mississippi.
The key parts of the Texas law, which would shut majority of the remained clinics in this state, were blocked by Federal Judge on Friday.
Fighters for the right to the abortion together with the American college of obstetricians and gynecologists and in American medical association say that the laws about the authorities of method are superimposed on the doctors of the limitations, which are not been necessary from the point of view of medicine.
The enemies of abortions object, that such measures are directed toward the protection of female health, although some also noted their positive effect in closing of clinics.
Only one doctor, who makes abortions in Louisiana, has authorities of method in the hospital, reported the Center for reproductive rights.
If all the remaining doctors in the state will be forced to cease to carry out this procedure, this doctor, fearing for his safety, would cease to carry out this procedure, group reported.
Criticizing this solution, the officials of Louisiana said that they will not punish doctors, who make abortions, until their statements to the authorities of method wait the solution.
The introduction of quotas to the domestic products will lead to what
Not less than half of products for each form of goods in the assortment of retail outlet networks they must be Russian production, counts Deputy of the Gosduma from the fraction “Just Russia” Oleg Nilov.
Parliamentarian prepared the bill, directed toward the introduction safeguard measure in the attitude of domestic producers, writes the newspaper “Izvestiya”.
Document still it will be detailed in order to avoid possible discomfort for the buyers.
This concerns goods, which are not produced in Russia. <...> On the remaining groups of the products, which are produced in Russia, retailer will have to grant not less than half of its shelves to domestic producers”, it reported Nilov to publication.
Together with the corrections in article “about the bases of the government control of commercial activity in RF” the bill provides for the introduction of change in tax code, that establish the lowered rate VAT in 10% in the implementation of the products, produced in Russia.
The idea to introduce 50%-percent quota in the retail outlet networks enters into the packet of the stimulating measures for the Russian producers.
On the counters more than domestic goods will appear several times.
However, initiative can have both positive and negative effect, experts speak.
According to the attorney of company “Nalogovik”, member of the independent expert center “public Duma” of Sergey Livinenko, for the Russian economy, and also for the domestic agricultural and food branches, the effect will bear positive nature, and it will lead to the increase.
In plus will prove to be agricultural producers, the farmers, small stores.
They can sell more, and this means that the profit will grow.
Furthermore, they will obtain the right to dictate to retailers their conditions and prices, indeed those will be forced to buy their goods.
Russian producers can increase the volumes of their activity and sales, which will lead to the payment of more heavy taxes than before.
This will increase the incomes of budget, it will create new jobs, some branches will begin to be enlarged, some more rapidly to be mastered, will be introduced the contribution to the increase the GDP [Gross Domestic Product].
The dependence of Russia on the foreign foodstuffs will be lowered several times, true, not immediately”, notes expert.
Previously Russian enterprises often could not be opened to the counters of local stores because of the high competition from the side of foreign analogs.
Now, after introduction to embargo, this niche was freed and it is possible to sigh with relief.
But it is not worth forgetting, that after all necessary agreements and sanitary checkings the Russian market will enter food goods from the countries of Latin America, Turkey and Serbia.
In other words, now came “the moment of calm”, when previous players already left, but new yet did not arrive.
After almost the month it is possible to speak about the increased demand for the domestic raw material, and also increase in the prices of the finished production”, described Argumenty i Fakty Magazine. Ru the first Vice President of all-Russian public organization “Russian club of financial directors”, Candidate Economic Science. Tamara Kasyanov.
It is unambiguous, the idea to sell in each category as the minimum 50% of Russian food goods will make it possible to fasten sector to the local producers.
In that case they will compete with each other, but not with the goods, which due to the subsidies of another state, stand more cheaply.
In other words, fight for the buyer will be developed between the companies, which work according to the united laws of branch.
From the other side, it notes Kasyanov, Russian producers are capable of satisfying 50% of internal needs of compatriots far from according to all articles.
And in this situation for retail outlet networks it is necessary “to suffice” the portion of Russian goods to half of assortment.
In connection with this grow the fears that poor quality goods will enter the counters.
Possibly, produced in Russia will be under the guise supplied foreign products with the smashed labels”, adds expert.
The negative effect from the introduction of quotas will feel the large retail outlet networks, especially those, by which more advantageously to collaborate with the importers.
It is logical, that during this distribution they will suffer and foreign suppliers themselves, since the demand for their production will be lowered.
Livinenko does not exclude, that the law about the quotas in domestic goods can be reflected, also, on the users.
The fact is that some products of Russian production can be inferior on the quality to imported analogs, whereas stores can raise prices of the second as in commodity in short supply.
On the forgotten in the early 2000's idea of importozameshcheniya the economists again addressed in February this year because of the incessant devaluation of ruble.
Now against the background complex relations with the West a question of failure of the imported products becomes even more urgent.
Law is called to bind retailers with the forming of orders to suppliers to consider the domestic producers.
Then we much more rapidly and more confidently go along the way of importozameshcheniya, and the system of planning production on necessary I see production it will be created within the briefer periods”, says deputy Oleg Nilov.
Especially efficient the mechanism of apportion will be for those agricultural sectors, where the potential is especially high, for example, in the dairy branch, where the import ratio composed 25%.
Our farmers are actually capable of completely covering the counters of Russian stores.
Furthermore, powerful pulse can obtain meat production.
As is known, the greatest import ratio remains on the beef - from 30% to 35%.
It is obtained, 65-70% are fallen nevertheless to Russian production”, it discusses Kasyanov.
Experts entertain idea themselves that the introduction of quotas to the domestic products assists to importozameshcheniyu and can accelerate this process.
However, itself to importozameshcheniyu this initiative will not lead, since the package of measures is necessary for this, it is confident Livinenko.
In any event 50% of sold goods according to this initiative nevertheless can be brought from abroad, and it means, valuable importozameshcheniya it will not occur, but significant steps in this direction will be made.
Moreover to little establish quotas, it is necessary to still fix in the country the production of domestic products in order these quotas to carry out.
The data of quota exactly such guarantees will grant”, establishes expert.
The late set diagnosis and lack of access to the optimum treatment mean that cancer of ovaries in the rural areas kills more
Angelina Joly and its brother James published video of the memory of their deceased mother, who died of cancer of ovaries in 2007.
Women, proshchivayushchie in the rural locality of Australia, encounter the higher risk of death from cancer of ovaries, than living in the cities.
Researchers analyzed the maps of the disease more than of 1100 Australian women with the diagnosis “cancer of ovaries” in 2005, after revealing that only 35 percent lived five years after was set diagnosis.
Chief researcher Syuzen Jordan from the institute of medical research of QIMR Berghofer it reported that probability to die during a study for 20 percent above in those, who live in the regions and distant localities of state, than in those, who live in the urban areas.
SMALL STUDY: New medicines can slow down lung cancer and cancer of the ovaries
Researchers traced the medical way of women in seven years.
Doctor Jordan she said that the age of woman to the moment of formulating the diagnosis, type of cancer of ovaries, presence of the current diseases and sotsioekonomicheskiy status they also influenced the probability of survival.
The women of more elder age and those, in whom cancer was in the later stage at the moment of formulating the diagnosis, had the lowest survival rates.
For those, who lived in the regions or distant localities of state, probability to die during a study was 20 percent higher than for those, who lived in the urban areas.
Although a study was not intended in order to determine, why women, who live beyond the limits of cities, with the larger probability die from cancer of ovaries, doctor Jordan it assumed that the late set diagnosis and the lack of access to the optimum treatment - possible factors.
“This illness best anything is treated by surgeons, who specialize in gynaecological oncology, and they, mainly, they are located in the large cities”, she said.
In spite of an improvement in the quality of tele-medical services in order to decrease the influence of distance, it assumed that the increase in the number of services on the departure, which will allow specialists to treat women nearer to the house, and the programs of the support of people, which pass treatment far from its house, can help.
Doctor Jordan she said that it is independent of geographical location, a study revealed, that the prolonged lifetime among the women with cancer of ovaries was rare, after emphasizing the need for more effective strategies of treatment and preventive maintenance.
The study, financed of Rio Tinto Ride to Conquer cancer, will be published today in Medical Journal of Australia.
In March 2012, at the age of 33 years, young mother from the gold shore to Elishe of fields they said that it has the aggressive form of cancer of ovaries.
In the Kuzhenerskiy region it will in September throw open to door new FAP
The building of medical establishment in the village of Toktaybelyak was begun in April this year and was conducted according to the standard project.
The cost of operation comprised only more than 10 million rubles.
As reports control of social bonds and information of the head of Mary Els, financing the building of unit was achieved due to the means of republic budget in accordance with the address investment program.
The total area of the constructed therapeutic and prophylactic establishment is almost 230 square meters.
They will here render medical aid to the inhabitants of eight populated areas: the village of Toktaybelyak and villages Dementevo, Pyuncheryumal, Tunya, Fomichi, Toraybelyak, Shinur and Chashkayal.
New feldsher-obstetrical point will replace acting FAP, whose building was built in 1918 and has already long ago it exhausted its resource, but its accomodations do not correspond to health and hygiene requirements.
New establishment will be opened soon.
That killed four month old son in the intoxicated state of novocheboksarka will appear before the court
The inhabitant of Chuvashia will prove to be on the bench of defendants for the murder of her own child.
In Cheboksari is completed the investigation of criminal case in the attitude of the 31-year inhabitant of Novocheboksarska, accused in the reason for death on carelessness.
Consequence established that on July 26 this year that accused together with the four month old son arrived for the celebration of the birthday of the child of its godparents to Cheboksari.
It decided to remain in the guests and packed child to sleep after the prolonged celebratory meal of novocheboksarka.
When at night little-one awoke and began to cry, intoxicated woman placed it next to herself on the bed in order to feed by breast; however, soon it fell asleep.
During the sleep woman was piled to the son, as a result of which it passed away from the suffocation.
Criminal case, reports the press service the Investigation Department of the Russian Investigative Committee for Chuvashia, is directed to the court.
Inflation left vacation.
Russians will feel a sharp increase in the prices
As a result of the cross sanctions RF and West the inflation in Russia will be accelerated and will not be packed in the forecasts of authorities, are convinced analysts “VTB [VTB Bank] capital”.
In the opinion of the experts, the postponed consequences of antis-sanction will lead to the inflationary shock in the first quarter of 2015, writes with RBC [RosBusinessConsulting] Daily.
According to the last forecast of the Ministry of Economic Development, in 2014 the inflation will compose 6,5 -7.5%, in the following year and that less - 6.5%.
However, according to the information the newspaper “Kommersant”, on this week MAYOR must introduce “small, but fundamental” correctives into the macroeconomic forecast until 2017.
According to the information of publication, the department can lower the estimation of inflation in 2015, which will make it possible to liquidate the expected resetting to zero of an income growth of population.
In the forecast it was assumed that the food sanctions RF act year - until August 2015.
How in this situation it was possible to assume so high a inflation?
Current situation assumes single shock, but the ponizhatelnyy trend of inflation will not change”, stated the source of newspaper in Minfin (Ministry of Finance).
Economists from “VTB [VTB Bank] capital” do not share the expectations of the financial and economic block of government relative to inflation and forecast an increase in the prices in 2014 at level 8%.
Basic effect from the product prohibitions will begin together with the possible introduction in the regions RF of tax from sales (NSP) in 2015, experts are convinced.
Inflationary peak in 9% it is necessary in February, after which the annual growth rates in the prices will slow down, experts assume.
By the way, last week Rosstat brought the first inflationary sums after RF it introduced “accurate sanctions”.
Argumenty i Fakty Magazine. Ru interrogated experts and explained their inflationary expectations.
Artem Day, the leader of the analytical department FC [Financial Corporation] AForex:
An increase in the prices has already been observed on the basic segments of goods.
Moreover, when the socially significant products began to rise in price, government was forced to launch the measures for the system monitoring of price stability in order to avoid the risks of the unjustified price hike over the short term long term.
Suppliers and retailers already report on the daily basis before the controls so that the authorities accurately would know, who, when and for what reason initiates a price hike.
By the key factors of an increase in the index of consumer prices continue to remain the colossal rates of the draining of capital, excessive refinancing of banking sector from the side of Russian mega-regulator, internal conversion because of the flight of population into the foreign currency, and also embargo in the import of food goods from the countries, which were joined to the sanctions against Russia.
If inflation pressure remained under the control, the cost of the basket of the minimum collection of products would not run up to 12% for one only block.
Prohibition in the import of food goods provoked the shock of proposal on the domestic market and led to a completely logical increase in the final cost.
Since in the current stage we do not succeed in entirely launching the mechanism of importozameshcheniya, or increasing self-sufficiency of Russian market due to the internal production, reciprocal sanctions they will continue to bear the risks of an increase in inflationary component.
If we add here even and the fiscal reasons, connected with the absence of confidence in national currency, and by the also worsened prospects for economic growth, toward the end of this year the inflation completely can exceed 8%.
Alexander Razuvaev, the director of the analytical department “of Alpari”
In the 90's the inflation sometimes reached 20-30% per month, into the zero it was also the above current level, it is another matter that then this was compensated by rapid economic growth.
I think, on the sums of year the inflation will compose 8-8,5%.
Plato Maguta, who controls assets the Criminal Code (CC) “fund for Maguta”
The external factor, connected with sanctions against Russia, until successfully it is held in control, but if occurs further strengthening of pressure, first of all, in the financial sector - this can lead to the definite difficulties and increase the inflationary expectations of the populations, which usually traditionally are manifested in the purchases of available currency in order to secure its economy.
It is possible to assume that the government, TsB RF and Board of Exchequer will try to soften the smooth weakening of ruble both by the market methods and by government control.
But an increase in the prices begins traditionally after summer calm and, possibly, by this autumn it will become more perceived.
The purposeful level of consumer inflation in Russia in 7.5%, most likely, will withstand, since RF has available even more financial accumulations.
Gardening centers are sad from reduction in the number of house-owners
This drop, caused by the exceptional reduction of the number of house-owners by age is less than 35 years, it is possible to lead to the fact that the gardening centers will begin to lose tens of millions of pounds per year, when today's young users will reach “basic age of horticulture”, according to the analysis of HTA, about which reported Financial Times.
According to this report, the people, which remove housing, spend on the average 55 percent of sum, which the owners of our own houses spend on horticulture.
In it is mentioned an increase of numbers of people, which live in the high(ly)d-urbanize regions without the gardens, popularity of asphalting the courts before the house for parking and reduction of the dimensions of garden as other factors, which carry threat for the branch, the yearly volume of sales by which, according to the estimations, composes £5 of billions.
In greater London, where a quantity of house-owners fell from 61 percent to 43 percent for six years, lowest in Great Britain level of expenditures in goods for the gardeners to household economics.
HTA and royal gardening society reported that the lease of housing and absence of space for the garden do not mean that people cannot rear plant.
Guy Barter, chief adviser on horticulture in RHS, he said: “The cultivation of plants in the containers, for example, is especially popular in the leaseholders, who can transport plants with themselves, when they cross”.
The report to HTA defined the period between 1997 and 2005 for years as “the Golden Age” of retail trade in goods for horticulture as a result of an increase in the number of house-owners and economic prosperity from the end of the 1980's to the middle 1990's.
In it also it is predicted, that the market will be improved in this year because of more grow prettier to the weather after unfavorable conditions in March and April of last year.
The Ministry of Agriculture of Bulgaria conducted mass cleaning in the fund “agriculture”
Three of four chiefs of fund “agriculture” were substituted still on Friday.
On the whole, three of four chiefs of fund “agriculture” were substituted still on Friday.
Officially the Ministry of Agriculture of Bulgaria reported only about the removal from the post of the executive director of Atanasa Dobreva.
Its place occupied Vasileva's Lozana.
It seemed that po--quiet were on Friday replaced two of three deputies executive directors of fund.
Is freed the deputy of executive director Tatiana Angelova, who until this time answered for State Welfare and program SAPARD, reports BGNES with the reference to the newspaper “labor”.
I was not present on the council of the managers fund, because according to the law we are not the members of management, but to me they reported more lately that I was freed.
I cannot say, why about my release it does not communicate on the Web site of fund.
I am situated in vacation.
I hope that I learn more on Monday”, it said to the publication of Angelova.
Its place will engage Ivanka Bagdatova, which, until now was the chief “investment kreditirovaniya” in the central fund into “the agriculture” in Sofia.
Was freed also the deputy of executive director Nikolai Dachev.
To this moment it answered for the straight subsidies for pour on, paid out by the European Union.
In its place will be assigned Zhivko Zhivkov, which was the chief of the provincial board of fund “agriculture” in great-Tyrnovo city until January 2014.
Its post it preserved only the deputy chief of fund Atidzhe Aliev-conducted.
At present it answers for the development program of rural areas.
The official reasons for all changes in the department are not mentioned.
Turkey calls American diplomat in connection with the communication about espionage
The ministry of foreign affairs of Turkey summoned the most high-ranking American diplomat in the country for the explanations in connection with the report about American and British espionage in Turkey.
Deputy Prime-Minister Byulent reported that American charge d'affaires and the Turkish officials discussed communication on Monday.
The German journal “Der Spiegel” and Internet journal “The Intercept” reported that the documents, given by the former analyst of the agency of the national security of the USA Edward Snouden, show that Turkey was priority reconnaissance objective for the American and British intelligence services.
According to Turkish news agencies, the President of Turkey Recep Tayyip Erdogan underestimated the importance of this communication, after saying that all leading countries spy after each other.
The previously communicated information about the fact that the main reconnaissance agency of Germany also made Ankara reconnaissance objective, caused angrier response in Turkish government.
The most important Chinese companies were combined against Alibaba
Chinese companies, among which developer of commercial real estate of Dalian Wanda Group largest in China and Internet-giants of Tencent Holdings (social network, Messenger and of others) and Baidu (most important Chinese prospector), create the company, which will compete in the market for online-trade from Alibaba.
However, to overtake the miracle of the Chinese Internet, which left behind its even American rivals - eBay and Amazon.com, will be complex.
Union of the largest
Companies plan to put 5 billion yuan (i 814 million), in the joint venture, 70% in it will belong to Wanda, also, on 15% - by each of the Internet companies, it is spoken in the communication to Wanda Group.
To register firm it is planned in Hong Kong.
CP will combine the search services of Baidu with the popular social platform of WeChat (largest social network in China, the number of users of which it composes about 438 million people), of Tencent and infrastructure of Wanda.
Besides the network of 40 fashionable hotels the group of Wanda governs as the minimum 49 objects of commercial real estate throughout entire China and 40 by shopping centers.
In the past year company invested 50 billion yuan (more i 8 billion) into the building of motion picture studio and subject park of entertainments into Tsindao (city to the east of China on the shore of yellow sea).
It is expected that the project will draw more than 1 million visitors to yearly and bring profit at the level i is 960 million.
Besides this Wanda belongs the American network of the cinemas of AMC Entertainment Holdings, which makes company with the largest operator of cinemas in the world.
By 2015 Wanda plans to equip all belonging to it shopping centers, hotels and places of entertainments with the services e-commerce, development of which will study exactly the created competitor of Alibaba.
According to Donga Tse, which will head new company, because of the association of Wanda will be able to increase the number of users of its services e-commerce from the current 40 million people to 100 million already to the following year.
New area must become largest in the world of online-to-offline by platform, notes Donga Tse.
The essence of online-to-offline (O2O) of commerce consists in the attraction of buyers in the Internet so that they would come into the usual offline-stores or would buy other traditional services.
The classical example O2O are services on sale of coupons like Groupon or Vigoda.ru.
“O2O - largest “of pirogues” in online-commerce”, stated the leader of Wanda Wang Jianlin (quotation on Bloomberg).
“Now present area O2O in China there does not exist, and in this situation chances in all are approximately equal”, it counts.
The Chinese market for Internet-trade - largest in the world, and, according to the estimations of McKinsey & Co; its volume will increase more than three by 2015 in the comparison since 2011, to i 395 billion.
The number of Chinese Internet users grew to 632 million, it gives Bloomberg the data of the official statistics: this is more than the population of any country of world, with exception of India.
And according to forecasts, already by 2015 this number can grow to 850 million people.
Union of the richest
The head of Tencent Ma Huateng was until recently the very wealthy man of China, however, according to the index of the millionaires of the agency of Bloomberg, the founder of Alibaba Jack mA already passed him on i 5.5 billion.
The state of Jack mA is evaluated in i by 21.8 billions, from which i 11 billion fall to his share in Alibaba.
The leader of Baidu robin whether now occupies the third place among the richest people of China, whereas Wang Jianlin from Wanda - fourth line of rating.
“This battle it is very interesting to observe: three very wealthy men unite efforts in order to defy even richer”, said Bloomberg the director of Chinese center on the study of electronic commerce in Hangzhou by TsAO (Central Aerological Observatory) of Ley.
But it considers that the new company hardly will be able to seriously compete from Alibaba immediately after the creation: “Rome cannot be constructed in one day”.
About the fact that from Alibaba not so ‑ that is simple to compete not only to new companies, but also to the deserved leaders of world Internet-trade, testifies the published the day before report about the financial indices of Alibaba for the last block.
Alibaba frequently describe as something average between eBay and Amazon.com, but since April until June Chinese company earned more than both its American of competitor together.
The clean profit of Alibaba during the period two times almost exceeds the similar integrated index of competitors - it grew almost three in the annual calculation and composed $1.99 billions.
“Alibaba still possesses enormous potential for the generation of money, in many respects because of its mobile applications”, commented on Bloomberg report analyst from Hong Kong Arete Research Service.
According to the updated avenue of Alibaba on the site of commission for securities and exchanges of the USA, the number of active mobile users of the services of company in July composed 188 million, which substantially exceeds the March index (163 million people).
In this case 32.8% of all transactions of Alibaba for the passed block it was necessary to the mobile devices.
Alibaba is in prospect to name the cost of their actions before for IPO.
According to the average estimation of 11 analysts, interrogated Bloomberg, the company can be evaluated in $187 billion after sale of actions.
According to the data of the sources of Bloomberg, the debut of Alibaba on the New York Stock Market (NYSE) can take place already on September 16.
Road-show of company, which precedes this event, starts on September 3.
It is expected that the output of Alibaba on IPO NYSE record in the history will become and will allow company to draw near i 20 billion.
Until now the record by the volume of the drawn on the exchanges USA means belonged to the pay system of Visa, which in 2008 conducted the primary arrangement of its actions, after earning on this $17.9 billions.
Not less than half of food goods in the retail outlet networks they must be Russian production, Deputies of the Gosduma count.
They developed bill on this theme.
The discussion deals with the introduction of changes in st. of 8 FZ “with the bases of the government control of commercial activity in RF” and into the tax code.
Purpose of document - introduction safeguard measure in the attitude of the Russian producers of foodstuffs.
Important refinement, according to bill, not less than 50 percent of the products of domestic manufacture in the stores must be for each form of goods.
However, document will consider that there are goods, which are not produced in Russia, for example, vegetables and fruits in winter; therefore for them will be made “reduction”, in order to avoid possible discomfort for the buyers.
Simultaneously the project of law introduces change also into the tax code RF, that establishes the lowered rate VAT in size of 10% in the implementation of all food goods, the country of origin of which Russia is, reports the newspaper “Izvestiya”.
On August 27 in the House of Commons of parliament was introduced the project of law about the introduction of changes in FZ “about the retail markets”, which proposes to revive in Russia the farmer markets, on which small producers can realize their production.
For the chief of the police of Magalufa is produced charge in corruption
Plaintiffs presented the proofs of extortion from the side of policemen and officials of the municipality of Kalvii into the office of the state attorney of Mallorca on Friday.
The chief of the police of Kalvii in the health resort island Mallorca was arrested as a result of the charges in corruption from the side of businessmen and owners of bars in the scandalously known center of the unbridled alcoholism to Magalufe.
The Inspector General Jose Antonio Navarro was placed under the guard as a result of the charges of corruption, advanced against it by several businessmen from Punta Ballena, the street, on which is located the majority of bars and night clubs of Magalufa.
According to the communication of the daily online-publication of Mallorca Diario, the plaintiffs presented the proofs of extortion from the side of policemen and officials of the municipality of Kalvii into the office of the attorney of Mallorca on the struggle against corruption on Friday.
two additional local policemen were arrested by the guardsmen of the national guard of Spain in connection with the charges in corruption and will be interrogated by judge together with Navarro.
The Spanish daily publication of ABC reported that the dissatisfied owners of night clubs say that the protectionism from the side of authorities seriously is reflected in the state of their business.
“The discussion no longer deals with earning of money, the discussion deals with surviving”, one of the businessmen said to court.
It is not possible to imperil our sources of subsistence.
To us something to lose.
Magaluf fell into the titles of international press this summer after popular videotape on YouTube, in which was shown 18-year British vacationer, which made it will pass 24 men during the round on the bars.
The authorities of island from those times attempt to end hooliganism in the intoxicated state among the vacationers of Magalufa, after reducing to a minimum a quantity of scandalously known alcoholic rounds on the bars.
Furthermore, the club of Playhouse, where occurred incident minetom, was forced to be shut for year, while Playhouse and the organizers of round on the bars of Carnage together were penalized to €55000 ($73000).
The tourist health resort of Magaluf, mainly, popular among young British vacationers, was also the place of the numerous accidents in the state of alcoholic intoxication, connected with the reckless amusement, known as “of balkoning”, when people jump from one balcony to another or from the balcony into the hotel pond.
The first day of spring is noted by the wet and windy conditions, which influenced the flights in the airport of Adelaide
SPRING prepared cold surprise in the south of South Australia, after bringing pouring rains and high winds, which influenced the flights in the airport of Adelaide.
5 additional mm of rain fell out to the city in the evening to 9 in the evening, following 6.6 mm, which fire for the night of Sunday.
The pair of short showers with the gusty wind preceded last rain, including the thunderstorm, which nachalalas not long before 8 in the evening and poured out almost 4 mm approximately in 10 minutes.
After winter gave out the early portion of spring last week, temperature again fell on Monday to the maximum in all into 15.8C in the city.
Squally conditions, as it is assumed, served as one of the reasons for the delay of landing the voyage of Virgin Airlines from Melbourne in Adelaide.
Aircraft had to land according to the timetable immediately after 7:30 evening, but it fell into the zone of wind shear - a sudden change of speed or wind direction at the short distance - and it was forced to collect height.
Wind gusts reached 50 km/h on the earth in the airport of Adelaide at this time.
The data of flight showed that for aircraft it was necessary to collect height during the second landing, and aircraft, after all, landed near 8:40 the evening.
The delay of this voyage caused the subsequent delay of other several voyages, including the voyage of Emirates from Dubai and voyage of Qantas from sydney.
Maximum 16C is forecast in Adelaide on Tuesday with the probability of one or two showers.
The calculation of the estimate of construction objects in RF will occur in a new way
Questions of price formation, regulation of construction branch, and also problem of connection to the networks federal antitrust service takes to the special control.
With FRONT is created expert council for the development of competition in the construction sphere.
The head of management of control ZhKKh, building and natural resources FRONT Vadim Solovyev stated at its session that “today's calculation of the estimate of construction objects is absolutely incomprehensible”.
Normative base makes price formation opaque and it is possible to lead to the unjustified price of building, they count into the FRONT.
And they propose the cost of the building of the units of gossobstvennosti at the stage of design to determine on the basis of market prices of constructive solutions instead of today estimate the standards used and single valuations of the technological operations.
These proposals are introduced into “the road map” and now they are found on the examination into the minstroe.
“The replacement of traditional estimate documentation in the building on the calculations of structural elements must lead to the smaller corruption in the branch, explained “RGB” Vadim Solovyev.
Indeed now in the estimate cheats in counting each bolt and nut, and it is not always possible to verify everything; therefore now and then in the documentation unconscientious construction companies can bury “wholes of tractor”.
In the minstroe FRONT they are agreeable.
“The first operating times on the passage to the calculation of cost according to the structural elements already exist: procedures on the calculation of prices of constructive solutions, preparation of estimates according to these indices are developed, described “RGB” the department head of city-planning activity and architecture of Helen Zhukov's minstroya.
The sphere of road building is selected as the pilot.
However, experts consider that the problem is much more serious.
As described “RGB” the head of the construction company “pro-invest” of Anatoly Demyanko, estimate norms have long ago become obsolete, but another mechanism to business it is not thus far proposed.
However, “as far as the proposed calculations according to the structural elements are concerned, in practice this is difficultly realized, since with the building of buildings often are used completely different technologies”, it, counts.
It is no secret that stroyrynok is developed in many respects because of the state order.
In the opinion of the chairman of administration Np “expert association of the professionals of Ekaterina Lezinoy's state order”, today state - most solvent customer.
Deputy director in Engineering of the branch center of the capital construction of Rosatom Vladimir Malahov focused attention on the fact that today the market is conditionally divided on the company, in which there is access to the briefcase of contracts, and to the companies, which manage sole scopes and which do not allow this field of competitors.
It considers that the creation of transparent market is possible only when access to the contracts will be maximally protected from someone's controlling influence.
On the expert council it was proposed to form the system of state order in such a way that one and the same executor not right to obtain more than one contract for the sum of more than 1 billion rub or several contracts for the sum of more than 1 billion rub
They assume that in the minstroe this approach must be evaluated from the point of view of influence to the business, and also effectiveness of control of building.
As it explained Helen Zhukov, in this case will have to allot customer by the functions of general contractor, which will lead to an increase in the authorized strength of customer and budget outlays for his content.
In this case the specialists of customer had to possess the knowledge, which make it possible to estimate the quality of the executed by contract organizations works, and also their safety.
Often during this laying out will have to determine, who will answer for the safety of object as a whole.
Furthermore, this approach can entail the draining of the highly skilled participants in the state purchases in connection with nezainteresovannostyu in obtaining of state order on the incomplete volume of works and small sum of contract.
The assistant heads of the expert-consultation center of the institute of purchases Alexander Evstashenkov considers that now the procedure of state order became business game to attentiveness of contractor.
And this example brought: “participant with the filling of claim must indicate “concrete indices” without the indication of the words: “or equivalent”, “must be”, “from”, “more”, “is less”, “analog”, “or”, “type”, “similar type”, “not below”, “it is below”, “above”, “they can”, “it can have”, “it can be”, “earlier”, “not earlier”, “not above”, “it is not allowed” and so forth.
Thus, customers frequently misuse by their right to establish requirements for the content of the claim, supplied with contract organizations.
Another problem 44-FZ, in the opinion of Evstashenkova, became the need for estimating even in the stage of the supply of claim the quality of work through “paper” proposal of participant.
Examining the claim of participant, actually it is possible to estimate the qualification of contractor only, but not the quality of the works, fulfillment of which even they did not take up, assumes expert.
The quality of works can be estimated only during their inspection.
On the expert council it was also proposed to transfer marzhinalnyy income from the upper into the lower echelon so that the intermediate contractors would disappear.
The chairman of expert council, Secretary of State, Deputy Director FRONT Andrey Tsarikovskiy considers that to make this he is not worthwhile, since answer for the order must general contractor.
But otherwise will come out as in known reprize Arkady Raykina “studio”: “To the buttons of claim there is?”.
Israeli children return to the school after war in the Gaza Strip
Thousands of Israeli children in the territories next to the throttle control again went into the school on Monday after was conducted summer in the air-raid shelters, when rockets and mines by rain fell on their settlements during the 50-day war between Israel and Hamas, whereas schools in the Gaza Strip remained closed during that how territory it was restored after military operations.
The beginning of school lessons brought a feeling of happiness and unrest settlements of South Israel to the injured from the rockets; however, the tracks of military operations remained fresh.
In the southern city Ashdod the colleagues of kindergarten “of Pashosh”, into which fell the rocket, removed the tracks of splinters from the walls and children's hills before the arrival of students.
“We a little fear, but with happiness we look in the future”, she said It ronit Bart, the inhabitant of Kibutsa Saad and the instructor of English in his school.
To many children in our region it is actually necessary to return to the measured off life.
Its 11-year daughter, Shangyi Bart, said that suddenly again to begin to walk into the school “is a little strange”.
“There was hard time, and we in no way left from our houses”, she said.
President Reuven Rivling visited kibuts, which was located not far from the boundary Gaza in order to express its support.
Before cease-fire agreement it stopped war last week, thousands of inhabitants of near-boundary settlements, such as Saad, did not leave to the street or left their houses, after leaving into the more safe areas further from the throttle control in order to rescue from the rocket and mortar fire.
Many inhabitants impudent person Lake, settlement not far from the boundary Gaza, where the splinter of Palestinian mine killed four-year-old boy, doubt the fact that them is worth return back.
The ministry of formation reported that still did not return about dozen of families.
They sent their children into other schools to this period.
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu visited school in Sderot, city on the border Gaza, which is strong postaradal from the Palestinian fire.
It advised to children diligently it learns and he said: “We will do entire possible so as to give to you knowledge and to ensure your safety”.
Israel and by Hamas they agreed to the indefinite truce on past Tuesday.
Cease-fire agreement immediately put an end to military operations; however, unsolved remained the key issues, for example, the requirement of Hamas about the removal of the Egypt-Israeli blockade of Gaza and about the discovery of airports and seaports in the Gaza Strip.
Israel wants so that by Hamas would accumulate weapon and would return the bodies of two Israeli soldiers, who was killed in the war.
It is expected that the new stage of indirect negotiations will begin more lately in this month in Egypt.
In the war died more than 2100 Palestinians, among whom three fourth were peaceful citizens, and, at least, 494 children, according to the estimations of the Palestinian side and UN.
Israel disputes these numbers and asserts that, at least, half of those killed they were militants; in spite of this, it did not grant the essential proofs, which confirm this assertion.
From the Israeli side died 66 soldiers even six innocent civilians, including one Thai worker.
In the time of the military operations of Hamas and other militants of Gaza released 4591 unit of rockets and mines around the Israeli cities, predominantly in the south of the country.
Israeli army, meanwhile, conducted more than 5000 air and other attacks.
As a result of the Israeli attacks were damaged and destroyed thousands of houses in the Gaza Strip, and, according to the estimations, 250000 people found refuge in more than 100 schools, whom they were converted into the shelters.
Because tens of thousands of people still were found in the shelters, and combat continued, officials, who correspond for the formation, last week put off the beginning of academic year.
“I hope that the school soon will be opened so that we could complete our formation as the children of entire world and Jewish children”, said Mohammed Amara, the 13-year boy, who now lives in one of the schools of Gaza.
According to the popular criterion of price of real estate they showed the greatest winter increase in seven years.
The value index of housing of RP Data CoreLogic Hedonic for the prices on housing in the Australian capital grew by 1.1 percent in August, they reported RP data on Monday.
This increase led to a joint increase in June, July and August by 4.2 percent, to the largest increase in the winter months since 2007.
An annual increase in the prices was 10.9 percent, it is more than doubly exceeding increase in 12 months by August 2013, but an increase was not evenly distributed in the country.
The director of the analysiges of RP Data Tim Louless reported that sydney and Melbourne Veduta two-level market.
The numbers of RP Data show that in sydney of price on housing they grew by 16.1 percent in last year, whereas in Melbourne - by 11.7 percent.
Markets following according to the power were Adelaide, Brisbeyn and Darwin, where the prices on the average grew from five to six percent.
On other end of the scale was located Canberra, on which government spending cuts, where the prices rose in all by 1,4 percent in the year, passed.
Mister Louless said that now, when spring began, will be observed an increase in the number of objects of real estate, advanced on sale, in the course of several subsequent months, which will be “present testing” for the market.
“Taking into account the current high level of the speed of auction sales, the common high rate of sales and the current conditions with the low interest rate, it is probable that the cost of housing still will grow in the subsequent three months”, he said.
As live people in the oldest house of Ufa
In the former house of gold prospectors and mining owner of Evdokima and its son of Ivan Demidov along the street of October Revolution 57/1 (former large Kazan') 18 apartments.
The house of XVIII century from the times of building practically did not change, if we do not consider decrepitude.
Outside people walk here as to the excursion, and tenants greater suffer how they are glad, from their privilege - the right to live in the oldest Ufa house, whose walls remember general Alexander Suvorov.
The date of the construction of house is inaccurate, historians indicate for two dates - 1730 and 1737.
But in any event, it turns out that to building nearly 300 years.
Old court, the always open door, squeaking stairs.
Doors into the apartments are located closely each other, walls cracked, and into the openings from the peeled plastering street was visible with places.
It seems, everything is held in the word of honor.
But local residents assure: “You it does not seem, this so there is”.
To live in the wooden house of XVIII century is very difficult, tells Tatiana Lukyanov, the inhabitant of the apartment of № 3.
Object is located on gosokhrane, but money to its content are not separated tens of years, but we feel ourselves by the museum exhibits, about which the authorities simply forgot.
Last repair was 40 years ago.
Walls still harm-poorly are held, but foundation entire rotted through.
Many tenants, until now, walk into the toilet to the street, and they wash once a week in the public ban.
As it is possible to be contented under the similar conditions?!
Road passes directly under the windows, there is no even pedestrian zone.
Tatiana moves aside curtain.
Is now evident that thus far was only audibly: the flow of automobiles rushes under the windows.
You see, glass drebezzhat constantly, we cannot open windows, but they became accustomed to noise.
However, man to everything gets accustomed, to good and poor.
Our apartment is even model, the thanks to husband, hand in it gold.
All the more, two rooms, we live three together with the son.
But in other families of condition it is considerably worse, on the second floor generally the ceilings only are more than one-and-a-half meters by height.
For the contrast Tatiana proposes to visit in guests the neighbor from the apartment of № 6 Ludmila Starostinoy.
Pleasant hospitable woman from the threshold proposes the cup of coffee and with the sad smile says:
One-room apartment, 14.5 m ² to four people, so we live: we with the husband and daughter with the granddaughter.
I here from the generation itself, there was no other living space ever, Ludmila encircles by eyes the room: mezzanine, two sofas by letter “g”; the granddaughter with the laptop computer was located on one of them.
It very tightly and differs little from the usual domestic interior: only ceilings are beautiful, “historical”.
But regularly it flows from the ceiling: water-conducting system anywhere does not befit.
Ludmila speaks about her apartment ordinary and amazingly simultaneously as the Italian, whose house stands on the Roman ruins.
I.e., reduces to one very old and more recent, daily and legendary:
Water pipe conducted about 40 years ago during the last repair.
At the same time they made to us small kitchen in the enclosure and toilet from the former pantry.
We live exactly, where it billeted the Demids with the family, on the second floor the servants lived.
Our apartment is not privatized, yes even why?
In the center of real estate of Ufa they speak, privatization does not have a value.
We will nevertheless obtain only one-room apartment, we cannot pretend to larger.
Already four months ago promised us to settle, but further promises the matter did not go.
It did not become accustomed to complain and I will not be.
In this apartment (room!) the entire dynasty lived: my grandmother with the grandfather, mom with dad, I with the husband and my daughter with the granddaughter.
Everyone occurred in this time.
For example, very strong rats ran on the kitchen.
You will look to the walls of wing, they meter thickness!
They speak, solution was mixed on the eggs; therefore so for long it is held.
House is built thoroughly, by the thanks to Demidovym!
Probably, only therefore thus far no one it killed by the brought down ceiling or pile.
Only building nevertheless slowly dies on the eyes: boards and logs of house rot, hems repeatedly fell through, we poured with cement, but everything uselessly - solution departs to the earth as into the well.
They speak, so there is - under our room the secret manhole and motion to the river of white, which the once living here Old-Believers specially made, so that it would be possible to be covered from the danger, in the case of what.
They pursued them.
Ludmila Starostina says, as some historian came to them, he entreated to release so that it would begin in the apartment excavations.
But then it convinced to return to them living space in exchange for its odnushku on the avenue of October.
Ludmila refused to historian:
Where we four together into odnushku?
But here although the tiny hope to eat, that they will give housing more spaciously.
We agree to the exchange, nothing no longer they won.
However, the family of Starostinykh nothing and won.
The largest dream of Ludmila so that them they would settle, and to the daughter with the 16-year granddaughter they gave separate room.
I.e., to two families they isolated two-room apartment instead of the not most majestic ruins, in which two generations live now.
The likable, miniature girl of Alesya Karsakov from the apartments of № 11 and 12 shows the second floor of house.
There in two close komnatushkakh by the total area of 23 m ², named apartments, lives its large family.
In all us seven people, children two.
Themselves you see, what conditions.
Plastering pushes off by pieces as window frames, in the walls on the kitchen and in the rooms through holes.
Water in the crane the year round is only cold.
After passing on the apartments of the oldest house of Ufa, it is possible to ascertain that more all it transported to husbands by Lavrentyev from the apartment of № 4.
They occupy the most spacious rooms of the ground floor.
You are right, places are much!
Accomodation into 75 squares, is prescribed three people.
We live exactly in those rooms, where Suvorov during his stay in Ufa stopped on the legend, says the head of family Alexander Dmitrievich Lavrentyev.
Ceilings are high, spaciously.
One is bad - everything all around cracks on the seams, it is pulled down, collapses.
Neighbors, probably already described!
Most of all tortures with the genders: wooden boards rotted, the earth literally departed from under the feet.
I placed supports, wedges; in the hall still nothing, while in another room we walk how we rock on the swings, so everything is unsteady.
About the house of merchant Evdokim Demidova Alexander Dmitrievich can describe better than any guide.
To the gold prospector it relates as to the native, he speaks about it with the admiration.
Actually, personality was outstanding: the owner of the Kaginskogo and Uzyanskogo plants built houses, poured off guns and bells, held Ural mines.
The heirs of merchant real estate are proud by ancestor, but no longer they want to live under one roof with the history.
I settled here another child, in the 40th years of XX century, says Alexander Dmitrievich.
Then all around stood wooden accomodations for the coaches, stables and guard booths, subsequently brought down.
In 1968 they wanted to clean our house, but something stirred…
History was repeated into 2014: again they beckoned by new housing.
We, as upon command, gathered all documents, bypassed necessary instances, and suddenly they learned, that the passage into the apartments is transferred in 2015 or 2016.
Something no longer we believe in all this…
Two years ago Lavrentyev went into the ministry of culture of the republic of Bashkortostan in order to learn about the fate of house.
Officials did not accept tenant.
They sent from one table to another, and then as into the mockery, gave out paper without the signature and presses: “The ministry of culture does not object to the settling of tenants”.
In me even this sensation was formed, that there is no our house already long ago in the plan of city, indeed first it was under number 57, it then became 57 A, and now 57/1.
As if they already laid it in the 70's.
“Russian planet” turned to the manager by the sector of the information-analytical work of control according to the land resources of Ufa to Vladimir Barabash.
House along the street of October Revolution 57/1 is included in the program of the settling of decrepit housing.
I cannot answer for the actions of the officials of the 70's, I only know that at that time there was a plan with respect to the removal of all old houses, in spite of the historical significance.
Fortunately, this it did not happen, but the solution of contemporary authorities - to restore all ancient houses along the street of the October Revolution, which present architectural value, successfully is carried out.
Tenants in the very near future it is planned to settle on the new apartments.
According to Barabash, restore the house of Demidova there will be the Italian specialists, who participated in the restoration of buildings in Venice.
Now in Italy is passed architectural biennale, and project “old Ufa” is represented there in the number of other.
I hope that already by 2016 entire former old Kazan' street will be restoreed, says official.
Houses will acquire the proper form, which corresponds to that, which was earlier, three centuries ago.
The house of Demidova, will most likely, become the museum, opened for all those desiring.
Furthermore, by the government level is made the decision to make a street during the leave days of pedestrian.
In the working days, unfortunately, will not come out, too great an overloading of roads in the city.
To settle people from the future museum Vladimir Barabash promises in 2015.
However, hardly they will remain contented: their new apartments will be the same area, as current.
Only from another epoch.
In Primorsky Krai because of the thunderstorm the forest fire began
Dry thunderstorm became the reason for the start of forest fire in the territory of hunting district forestry in the sizzling region of Primorskiy Kray.
The growth of the group of forces and facilities is conducted at the place of the fire.
According to the information of management KGSBU “seaside air base”, the created at the place of the fire conditions require the attraction of the forces of aviation.
Vasiliy Medvedev, the deputy chief of the air base:
The fire, which arose in the difficult ground, revealed aircraft observer from onboard of patrulnogo air vessel An-2 over the area of 3 hectares.
Burn wood remainders on old gorelnike.
Strong cluttering of territory and slope of slope are more than 45 degrees, the absence suitablefire areas of suitable for the debarkation create significant complexities in the extinguishing.
Is necessary helicopter Mi-8.
The delivery of forces by those being having at the disposal of air base by helicopter Mi-2 and by aircraft An-2 is strongly hindered.
4 smoke jumpers were operationally landed after the detection of fire in the place of extinguishing.
The primary task of specialists is the extinguishing of fire and the preparation of area for the delivery of extra forces and facilities of fire extinguishing.
In the region of dinner into the region of village hunting helicopter additionally delivered 3 landing force member-firemen.
As soon as area for fitting the helicopter in the region of fire it will be finished, specialists will be moved to the place of extinguishing, it communicates on the site of the administration of Primorskiy Kray.
Henry's Lenni: My father never embraced me.
Never he said: “I love you”
Henry(s) was one of seven children, originated in the family of immigrants from Jamaica in Dudley into Midlends in 1958.
Its father, who died, when Henry there were 19, it worked at the factory, and their relations were limited.
Henry(s) rehearses the comedy, “rare plates ore down”, which is partially based on the imaginary conversations with its father and grew from a series of transfers in Radio 4.
Soundtrack - the mixture of reggi and rap, and melody - they are cheerful.
However, by Henry it was necessary to select through some difficult memories of childhood.
After death of its mother there was “much” treatment, furthermore, Henry frequently reflects about the relations with his father.
It was very inaccessible.
You never saw its face, you only heard his voice: “End to make noise.
Remain the sister.
Stir!
I want to look it kriket.
My big brothers Seymour and Hilton, who were adult, when I was child, they walked with it into the pub and talked about such things as the form of beer container, the beauty of the impact in you krikete.
I never with it so talked.
It was such unsmiling fellow in the angle, which read newspaper the large part of my life.
Recently Henry opened foundry workshop in Dudley and, although the conditions became better than in the days his father, it could look at what was probably its life.
Now there a little rather better, but this dark, smoky, the depth of the labyrinths of the netherworld with the flashes of fire and smoke and heap of soot.
My father climbed up into the bath and simply he lay there, and you heard, as he slowly begins to sing about himself, because he wanted to be washed clean from the foundry workshop.
When I arrived there, I understood that he made this years and years in order to earn to us to the subsistence, and I began to value him more.
Nevertheless, Henry left the childhood deprived of parental love.
My father never embraced, never he said: “I love you”.
Only when mom became bad in the very end of its life, we began to say: “I love you, I love you, I love you.
The generation of its own daughter, bills, from the Don French, it allowed it to share with that love, which to it was not sufficient in the childhood.
You can end this “I do love you”?
Simply end to embrace me!
Pope, to me 22!
The Don French.
Why to me with it not to be friends?
It is the outstanding mom
They are still outstanding friends French, on which it was married 25 years.
Don - a good person.
Why to me not to be friends the Don?
It is outstanding mom.
The mother of Henry himself had the diabetes.
It was one of the fact that killed it.
So that when I very, greatly got well also in me the symptoms of diabetes appeared, my doctor said, “you should take radical measures.
Then I began serious lessons with fitensom, and for me also it was necessary to sit down on a strict diet in order to get rid of the symptoms.
This is very heavy.
And this is boring.
No one eats carrot.
The change of the career trajectory of Henry is reflected, possibly, in his noble, briefly cut beard.
From those times, as it obtained the acknowledgement of critics for its Othello, it completely was immersed into the theater.
It followed “the comedy of errors”, and then “fences” of Wilson's Ogasta.
This work differs from sitkomov and comedies, which were the neotemlimym attribute of its saturated professional life.
It began the career, when to it there were 16 and it worked at the factory.
Didzhey it noted, as it will parody on the scene, and it wrote about it into “the new faces”.
Its career on the television began in the middle of the seventieths: “Sufficiently long time I was only black parodist/by comedian on the television”.
It learned on the work.
I not only it was necessary grow on the eyes in the public, for me it was necessary to learn to be effective machine on the delivery of the jokes between 1975 and 1985 for years, being star, working on the television, and this was very heavily.
Lenni in “the new faces” in 1975
Since its manager had rights to “black and white show of minstrels”, light entertaining program, in which the people " blackened to themselves face”, by Henry he revealed that it comes out in it for five years.
This greatly did not please my family.
Me, like, it wants so that this never would be with me, but I do not feel sorry, that made this.
Although this was strange, worthy censures the position, I worked on large areas and learned to work with the crowd.
But that which was “received reward light entertaining classics on the British television years and years”, it was “grotesque parody to Blacks”.
Representing the characters, who jeered above the culture of black in Great Britain, and they glorified it, he worked as Henry in the alternative comic project into the eightieths.
The first season “by Shaw Henry's Lenni” was transmitted in 1984, and into the ninetieths it was known as, among other, the chief-cook Geret Bleklok from the comic series “chief!”.
Trailers, documentary films, television seriess and roles in the cinema engaged the following ten years of its life, but after its series on BBC in 2008 “LennyHenry.tv”, it thought: “That you intend to make further, flax, because it a little seems that you play for time or slowly displace to the side”.
Further there was a series of documentary transfers in Radio 4 by the name “that good in…?”
The first was about Shakespeare.
I had present allergy to Shakespeare.
It cannot be said so that me they would plainly teach this in the school, and I thought that this, in many respects, the prerogative of white people of middle class with kolgotkami and cabbage below from the front.
So that I greatly feared him.
Everything, in whom we took interview for the transfer, Peter Hall, Trevor Nann, Adrian Lester, Judy Dench, they said: “You should try.
Do not scold this, until you know, about which you speak.
Pronounce aloud some of these words, and you will understand, why we all so love Shakespeare.
Henry(s) read 20 lines from the last monologue of Othello for the documentary transfer, and it hooked him.
In me a feeling appeared, that I can this.
As if they straightened my head.
“This is what this such, this serious matter, relate to this seriously, teach your text, conduct a small study.
Thus, the process of rehearsals was rigid, and I read this play months and months before we placed it.
And it enjoyed success.
It seemed, they waited catastrophe, but it did not happen.
Soon we began “the comedy of errors”.
Suddenly I in the National Theater, and I simply could not believe in this to the end.
There was one moment, when I thought: “O, you changed "".
Technical trouble arose, and Henry instinctively felt that his matter - to entertain the public.
“Quiet voice inside me said: “For you it is necessary to work 10 minutes, until they make computer "".
The assistant to director declared instead of this, that the idea will be renewed, as soon as problem it will be solved.
I left from the scene and something in me said: “O, glory to god”.
This is not my responsibility.
I can allow someone even with this to be dismantled.
“You play in the play, remain in the role "".
Henry(s) in “the fences” in the theater of Dachess
To learn text for “the fences” was difficult.
Panic is sufficiently useful, it strengthens musculature.
It was also accepted well, so that this was as the sign more than, which shows: “Here how you should be occupied "".
He tells this, of course, in Gromov by voice.
So that I am held this.
I actually love this.
I love to be located in the rehearsal hall.
By the way, in Henry still thinking comedian - entire road our conversation smash the flashes of his humor, when it first begins, then it concludes to parody.
I simply decided not to work in stendape, because this piece with obtaining of instantaneous reward from the complete room of strangers, I think, it is sufficiently dangerous.
If you always for this strive, this can lead into the impasse.
I sometimes work in “straight ether into Apollo”, when I want, but, in essence, I I do not obtain this pleasure, as it is earlier.
I ask, he will give the stage of stendapa still sometimes.
Happiness to sit in the accomodation with the director, who helps to shape in the form to beginning, middle and end of the way - I do not think that sometimes I will want from this to refuse.
I.e., its this new embodiment?
I think thus.
Me it pleases to be actor.
This is pleasant amusement.
You always tell some history, and here outstanding place for this.
I love histories.
People love histories.
Kenya records public servants in order to reveal “the worker-invisible”
Kenya began the biometric registration of all public servants in an attempt at to remove “the worker-invisible” from the payroll of government.
The colleagues, who will not be registered during the following two weeks, no longer they will pay, it communicates in the government statement.
Government suspects, that thousands of people continue to obtain wages after left civil service.
The President to Ukhuru Keniata promised to reduce corruption in the state structures after it came to power in 2013.
Auditorial checking earlier in this year revealed that, at least, $1 million (£700000) per month disappear due to the payments “to worker-invisible” and other financial disturbances.
Government suspects, that the wages continue to enter the bank calculations, even after man it dies or it leaves civil service, reports the reporter of BBC Vanyama to Chebusiri from the capital, Nairobi.
All public servants must appear during the following two weeks to the identification centers in order to guarantee, that their data will be assembled via biometric registration procedure, it communicates in the government statement.
Any, who will not make this without the valid reason, will be they will cross out from the payroll, it communicates in it
“This procedure substantially assists to the rationalization of civil service, after determining the actual number of public servants, and it will be also used in order to clean payroll at both levels of government - consequently, will put an end to the problem “of the worker-invisible”, it said Anne Vaygur, the secretary of the cabinet of ministers of planning and structurizing the authority.
Tens of Turkish policemen are arrested in connection with “the conspiracy” against the government
Only 33 officers of the police they were detained in Turkey on the suspicion of “the conspiracy against the government”, local information agencies report.
Representatives the police did not immediately comment on this information.
Among those detained there were 14 high-ranking officers, according to the communication Khyurriet Daly Nyuz.
Some of them in the past December participated in the measures for the development of corruption, which was directed toward checking of the colleagues of the government of, including four government ministers.
In July several Turkish policemen were arrested on the suspicion of creation of the organized criminal group and hearing of telephone.
Turkish President Redzhep Tayip Erdogan (who at that time was Prime Minister) defined their actions as the part of the measures, taken against it and others, which stand in authority, by Islamic klirikom by Fetkhullakhom Gyulenom.
Not all children returned to the school in Ukraine
Schools in the larger part of Ukraine again opened their doors on Monday (on September 1) after summer vacations.
This day is traditionally large event for the families, and as thousands of other Ukrainian parents, Prime Minister Arseni Yatsenyuk led his daughter into the school.
There he said to the expected journalists, that not all schools again were opened, but that it will do entire possible so as to protect the country for the future generations:
First September ceremony took place not in each school.
There is no peaceful sky above each part of Ukraine.
We must fight for the peaceful sky.
Entire Ukraine, enormous united Ukrainian People Front, it must fight for the peaceful sky.
Aleksan of herdsmen, the director of school in Slavyansk, into which went the daughter of Yatsenyuk, he spoke in Russian.
We hope that peace finally will be established here and that the children will obtain the knowledge, which will be useful in their further life.
The first day of studies they traditionally note by the fact that the children put on the embroidered jackets, hold air balls in the hands and give flowers to their teachers.
In the person of the Rhone Feyrkhed of BBC, possibly, found such impressive leader, as was necessary to it
After it goes the train of glory from peace of banking, control media outlets and internal circles of the Tory Party.
In fact, it has its own work experience at the leading posts.
Its career began in the consulting firm for the global administration of Bain and Co, and then was continued in Morgan Stanley, Bombadier, ICI and in the world media outlet in Pearsons.
It was the leader of Financial Times for seven years, after retiring, when dignity in the main company of Pearson ' s engaged colleague-man, who occupied lower post.
They indicate that its earnings approaches £1 million.
Its political rating also of prochen.
It recommended David Cameron Lord Brown, who was the head of BP, when he attempted to lead specialists from the private sector into Uaytkholl: it became the adviser of cabinet of ministers.
Its husband is the former adviser of Tory.
Earlier in May I named the work of chairman the poisoned cup.
BBC - this is not only enormous and complex organization in the very heart of public life, but in its structure there is an internal paradox.
Council has two directivity: inward as the upper level of the administrative hierarchy of BBC itself, but also outside as the voice of public concern and unrest, when something goes not so.
This the almost unattainable of duopoliya, for which is necessary the complete radical reform.
However, what new chairman will risk to arrive, trampling and destroying institute this complex as Chinese dynasty, if it itself deprives work in this process of itself.
This is the difficult solution.
There would be this is not so complicatedly, many people will be glad to see, as BBC it will be reduced in the size, after the revision of its authorities, finances and status.
In proportion to that how competitors narrow circle and the new technologies they throw call comfortable old habits, the inevitable negotiations about the cost of license present special danger to BBC.
For the modest sum into £145,50 per year the Britons acquire portion in, definitely, the greatest mediynom enterprise in the world.
BBC tells the good history: it declares, that the results of its work cover 96 percent of household economics and they stand to each of them only 40p during the day.
And what is more, obviously, that the popularity of Beeb grows: 53 percent support it today against 31 percent 10 years ago.
The models of survey and use of BBC changed: now I obtain news titles at the cell phone and look the passed programs on iPlayer.
But it remains very popular and impressive establishment.
Impressive chairman is necessary to it - I hope, it found him.
Perri from Texas it tells that the humiliating tweet was written by someone stranger
Tweet from the confirmed account of the governor of Texas the Republican of Rick Perry on Sunday in the evening contained the insulting image of district attorney from the Democrats, which is in the center of criminal prosecution through the charge in the abuse of authority.
Tweet later was removed, and it followed one more from the account of Perri, in which this record was disavowed.
From my account was recently published the tweet, which was written by someone stranger.
“I do not approve this tweet, and I removed him”, later record reports.
The assistants of Perri immediately did not answer the communications with the request to comment on.
Although the records were loaded from the confirmed account of Perri, it was unclear, who in reality deals with publication into this tape.
Earlier tweet contained the uncomplimentary caricature to the attorney of region Travis Rozmeri Lemberg, which they recognized as the guilty for the driving of the state of intoxication in April 2013.
Perri put prohibition on financing of its department, when it refused to retire, which led to the trial of the Grand Jury in Austin in this month against Perri, which is potential Presidential candidate on the elections of 2016.
It says signature in the tweet: “I do not always conduct machine in the state of intoxication, 3 times which exceeds the tolerance level of alcohol in the blood:. but when I this make, I present governor Perri's charges for the fact that he tells me about this”.
I am the most drunk Democrat in Texas.
The department of Lemberg did not conduct investigation with the participation of the Grand Jury against Perri.
With it dealt Michael MCRUM, special attorney from San Antonio, which was appointed as judge-Republican.
Perri did not recognize themselves as the guilty and named charges political trick.
Its powerful juridical command requested judge, who leads this matter, to deflect indictment, after stating that the law, which is used for the pursuit of governor, which fulfills its responsibilities longer than all during entire history of Texas, is diffuse, which contradicts constitution.
Perri stopped financing to $7.5 millions of the means of state to the division of public control of the state, which is based in Travis region and is occupied by the pursuit of corruption in the public sector of Texas, when Lemberg refused to retire.
Veto caused official complaint from the side of the group of public control, which has left views.
The tape of the confirmed account of Perri frequently renews - and it sometimes becomes famous.
After arriving by the fifth at the Party Congress in Iowa during its presidential campaign in 2012, Perri it answered the rumors about the fact that it can leave the game, after publishing the tweet with the photograph itself, of the running next to the lake, and word: “Here and we, South Carolina!”
Berkeley reports that the real estate market returned to “the normal state”
One of the best-known housebuilders of London warned that the real estate market to southeastern England “returned” to the normal level of activity.
Houses in the capital were by the object of the lively demand and swiftly growing prices, in this case widely were extended the fears of the fact that the credit bubble will push slightly Bank of England to establish limitations to the mortgages in June.
Tony Pidzhli, founder and the chairman of the high-end construction company of Berkeley, on Monday said: “Since the beginning of the present financial year market returned to the normal level of transactions from the peak of 2013”, after adding that this ensured “stable working medium”.
London real estate market succeeded during the decrease, since foreign buyers met into the capital.
Prices in the city ran up by 18.5 percent in one only last year, according to the data of the Land cadastre, having substantially passed the average index of 6.7 percent on England and Wales as a whole.
Mean market prices according to the particular, accessible and student diagrams of Berkeley grew approximately to one fifth in the past year, after reaching £423000 at the end of April.
However, strengthening pound in the recent months made London real estate of less attractive for the foreign buyers, some of whom stopped also the introduction of new taxes to real estate and political rhetoric around the potential “tax to the houses” before general election in following May.
The London real-estate agency of Foxtons last week warned that the April reform of mortgage market, on which were introduced the more merciless terms for the assignment of loan, they will also involve decrease in the market increase in both the transactions of buying and selling real estate and prices in the second-half of year.
Fresh data from Bank of England on Monday demonstrated a drop in the number of approved mortgages in June, assuming subsequently cooling on the housing market.
Hamptons International, one additional real-estate agency, reduced its growth forecast in the prices of London real estate in 2015 to 3 percent on the basis of the fact that attitude of prices of real estate already began to weaken.
The volumes of transactions meanwhile fell to fourth in comparison with the previous year in the most expensive regions of London, such as Chelsea, Meyfer and Kensington, according to the information of the agency of WA Ellis.
Nevertheless, demand for the houses in the capital proved to be very advantageous for Berkeley, after raising the volumes of sales for the sum higher than £2,2 of billions.
Mister Pidzhli added: “Demand for the necessary goods with a good design and best position remained before and, reflecting this, sale for the period they were preserved”.
In June company reported that it sold 3742 new houses in this year to the end of April - almost to third greater than into the subcritical peak of 2007.
Annual profit to the payment of taxes rose by 40 percent in comparison with the previous year to £380 of million, income - by 18 percent to £1,6 of billion.
After coming out on Monday before the annual meeting of company, Mr. Pidzhli reported that the assumed incomes of Berkeley in this year will correspond to the current market expectations.
According to the unanimous opinion of analysts, is expected the profit in the entire year to the payment of taxes into £450 of million.
The cost of the actions of Berkeley was held to £23,96 in the second-half of day on the London exchange.
The photographs of that exposed Jennifer Lawrence are published in the Internet by the hacker
Jennifer Lawrence arrives to the 85-uyu ceremony of the presentation to the yearly reward to American film academy.
The photographs of the exposed actress Jennifer Lawrence, that received reward “Oscar”, were lined in the Internet by the hacker, who assures, which possesses “the catalog” of the photographs of the 100 additional ascending stars.
The representative of the star “hungry games” confirmed that photograph Lawrence present, and condemned hacker for “insolent invasion into the personal space”.
Rotation into the law-enforcement agencies entered, and they will pursue any, who will publish the stolen photographs Jennifer Lawrence.
The photographs, which were originally lined on the site of the exchange of the photographs of 4chan, supposedly, were obtained because of the deficiency the systems of online-storage of Apple iCloud, and the assumed “catalog” of the victims of breaking includes names of dozens of woman-celebrities, including of Rianny, Kim Kardashian, Mary Elizabeth Uinsted and Mary-Keith Olsen, according to BuzzFeed.
Are unclear, how many of these photographs authentic, although the star “Scott pilgrim against all” Uinsted in Twitter also condemned breaking.
“That, who looks in the photographs, which we made with the husband several years ago, after secluding house, I hope, you are proud of yourselves”, wrote Uinsted in Twitter.
However, Victoria Dzhastis from the series of Nickolodeon “iCarly” and “Victoria-conqueror” refuted, that in the photographs she, after writing in Twitter: “These so-called photos exposed me FAKES, people.
I give will stop this in embryo. * the pun of namerennyy*.
Buzzfeed reported on past Sunday that the representative of the pop star of Ariany grandee refuted that the fact that the photos, on which, supposedly, it, authentic.
Exclusive fragment from the new novel of Howard Jakobson about the love and letter “J”, which caused the praises of the critics
They were dissolved, it is best to say precisely so, they gradually were pulled down as the cardboard box, which left in the rain.
Only sometimes woman told it that it too serious, heavy in the communication, stressed, closed and perhaps a little irritable.
But then it pressed hand to it.
It saw in itself irritability.
It was prickly as hedgehog, yes.
The last victim of this prickliness was the small novel, from which it waited more than usually, deliverance from the lonely and dull life and, possibly, even some satisfaction.
Eylinn Solomonz was trembling brittle beauty with the dishevelled hair and quivering heart from the northern island village, even more removed and severe, than the port of Royben.
It arrived to the south with the companion of older itself, whom Kevern considered as its aunt, in this case the latter obtained as the inheritance house in the damp, but similar to the paradise valley under the glad name “paradisiacal valley”.
No one lived in the house several years.
Pipes flowed, in the baths the spiders motionlessly sat, slugs left their tracks on all windows, confident in the fact that the house belongs to them; garden was overgrown with the weeds, similar to the gigantic heads of cabbage.
This was similarly to the cottage from the children's book, which simultaneously frightens and which charms, with the complete of secrets garden.
View of the author: Howard Jakobson, whose novel “J” is included in the Long-sheet of Bukerovskoy reward in 2014.
Short list will be declared on the following week
Kevern and Eylinn sat, after being held for the hands, in the broken chaise lounges among the high grass, delighting in by unexpectedly warm spring day; they both absent-mindedly were connected to the cheap console, which supplied the country with the pacifying music and damping news, when, after looking at its lattice-type brown feet, it recalled the old song of the long ago forgotten black executor, which its father loved to listen to, after lowering blinds in the house.
You have too great feet.
In view of by inherent by it the aggressiveness, songs of such type on the console no longer lost.
They were not forbidden - nothing strictly it was forbidden - simply them no longer they lost.
Them they helped to become archaic as word itself “archaic”.
Public taste would make that, what never it was impossible to attain by orders and orders, and so, as among the books people selected the memoirs of rich people, which grew into the poverty, culinary books and amorous novels, from the entire music they selected ballads.
After being absorbed in by this day, Kevern was received to play on that imagined fortepiano and by rough comic voice to glorify the large feet of Eylinn.
Eylinn she did not understand.
“This was the popular song of the jazz pianist, whom called Fets Uoller”, he said to it, having mechanical applied to the lips two fingers.
Its father so always made, in order to stop letter “J” before it will fly off from its lips.
This began from the game, into which they played, when it was small.
Its father played into it with his father, as he told it.
Begin word with “J”, after forgetting to apply to the mouth two fingers, and this it will cost you penny.
This was not very merry game then, and this was not very gaily now.
He knew that this they wait from it, here and everything.
For it was necessary to explain what is jazz is.
Eylinn never it heard.
Jazz they also did not play, although it and was not opened forbidden.
Improvisation left the mode.
In the life remained the place for only one “if”.
When melody began, people wanted accurately to know, where it will end.
With the witticism in exactly the same manner.
Its unpredictability acted to people on the nerves.
But jazz was the witticism, expressed with the aid of the music.
Although it reached the age of 10 years, never hearing about by Semmi Davis youngest, Kevern knew about jazz from paternal polusekretnoy kolletsii of CDs.
But at least for it was not necessary to indicate Eylinn that Fets Uoller was black.
Taking into account its age, hardly it remembered the time, when popular singers were not black.
, in addition, no laws or pressure.
Society was obedient, and this meant that each of its segments agreed with the appreciation - the appreciation of those, whom safeguarded fate, with the principle of group predisposition.
People of afro-Caribbean origin according to the temperament and physical characteristics were suitable well for the sphere of entertainments and sport - and they sang and ran.
Descendants from Hindustan, as if from nature talented in everything, concerning electronics, undertook so that not one family would remain without the working electronic telephone.
That which remained from the Polish Diaspora, it was occupied by sanitary-engineering works; that remained from the Greek, the beater of plate.
Descendants from the Persian Gulf and Levanta, whose grandfathers did not begin to swiftly leave the country, when THAT WHICH OCCURRED, IF GENERALLY IT OCCURRED it occurred, in the fear, that them they will accuse of kindling of flame, of the fear, strictly speaking, which will absorb flame by their following, opened restaurants labne and by hookahs, they were not put out and were sad from idleness.
To each according to the abilities.
Since it earlier heard only ballads, Eylinn was difficult to understand as the insulting words, which recently sang by it Kevern, generally they could be assumed on the music.
Music - this expression of love.
“They in reality not insulting”, said Kevern.
Perhaps that perhaps for the people, which have large feet.
My father never no one insulted, but he adored this song.
He said too much, but the neglected garden gave to it the illusion of safety.
Not one word could penetrate through soundproofing of gigantic leaves, similar to the cabbage.
Eylinn nevertheless did not understand.
How your father it could love similar?
He wanted to say that this is joke, but it was not desirable with it to again force two fingers against lips.
It already considered it his strange.
“To it this seemed ridiculous”, he said instead of this.
It distrustful rocked by head, after shutting Kevernu survey.
In entire peace there was nothing, except the shock of its issinya-black hair.
Nothing, at what it would be desirable to look.
“Well, if you then say”, she said, after remaining with its opinion.
But this nevertheless is not explained, why you to me it will eat up.
It seemed, it is actually detuned.
I have too great feet?
It looked on them again.
It cannot be said, no.
The ankles, can, barely…
And you do say that you do hate me, because my ankles are too thick?
I do hate you?
Certainly, I do not hate you.
This is simply this foolish song.
It could say: “I love you”, but for this it was too early.
“You me please precisely because in you thick ankles”, tried to say he instead of this.
I have this distortion.
This was sounded incorrectly.
He wanted this to be ridiculously.
Attempts to joke frequently led it into the awkward situations, because, as to father, to it was missing that damping charm, which could soften the cruelty, which was being lain in the jokes.
It can be, its father wanted to be brutal.
There can be, and it, Kevern, he wanted.
In spite of the good eyes.
Eylinn Solomonz reddened and arose from the chaise lounge, after overturning console and strait wine, which they saw.
Wine from the pith, so that intoxication could not serve it as justification.
In its unrest it, seemed, it shook, as palm-tree leaves in the hurricane.
“A you me please precisely because in you dull head”, she said…
Although you do not please.
To it was it's a pity it both because of superfluous roughness of its words and because of the fear, which appeared in its view, when it gave rebuff to it.
Did think she that it will strike?
She did not speak with it about the life in the cold North archipelago, where it grew, but it did not doubt the fact that mainly it was similar to the local.
The same enormous icy ocean attacked them both.
The same biased to the sense of man, is even more sensitive and is more capricious after THE FACT THAT OCCURRED, IF GENERALLY IT OCCURRED, than their ancestors, smugglers and destroyers, fermented in the fury from pub to pub, ready to raise hand to any woman, who laughed to refuse to them or to tease them.
Dull head?
They would show dull fist it, if it was not careful!
First they would kiss - kiss now became the most usual expression of erotic irritation between the man and woman; antidote from the fresh ballads, which issued the console - to first kiss it, and then to strike.
Superfluous refinement, in the opinion of Keverna, because kiss by itself was already hooliganism.
Eylinn Solomonz by housing showed that it should leave.
It rose from the chaise lounge as old man.
She itself felt lead gravity, but the weight of its grief astonished it.
This was not the end of the world.
They hardly knew each other.
It looked, as it departs, and it looked from the upper window, as it departs, its companion - man, most who loaded to herself burdens.
Adam, who leaves garden, it thought.
It felt the prick of compassion to it and men generally, although some of them raised to it hand.
Man, who turned away himself from it, with the bent back, shamed, slain, entire capability for fight did leave him - why it did seem that she did know this so good, if it could not recall one case, to the present day, when it would see similar?
Again one Eylinn Solomonz looked to its feet.
In twenty years before events described above or near that Esme Nussbaum, clever and energetic 32-year issledovatelnitsa, which worked in “Ofnau”, to the unofficial service of control of the public mood, prepared small report about the retention of the low and average level of violence in those very parts of the country, where it was expected that it will be reduced, if it does not cease at all, taking into account facilities and forces, which were separated for its eradication.
“Much was made, and much is done”, she wrote, “in order to soften the innate aggressiveness of people, which warred in thousands of wars and won majority of them, especially among these jumbled branches and narrow clefts of the locality, where, in spite of spires of churches the hovering above the fences, the tender respiration of human kindness rarely was perceived during entire history.
However, some qualities, it occurs, they are ineradicable.
The higher the spire, it would seem, the lower those passions, which it conceives.
Population spills the tears above the sentimental ballads, swallows histories about the overcome obstacles and declares about its ardent faith in the virtue of marriage and family life; however, not only old roughness preserves its strong grasp both in the rural associations and in the boroughs, but are also data about the fact that is conceived new and malicious zadiristost in the houses, at the jobs, on the roads and even on the playing fields.
“You have annoying habit to write too much”, its scientific leader said, after reading report wholly.
It seems me, for you it is worthwhile to read a little less novels.
Esme Nussbaum lowered head.
I also must ask you: You ateistka?
“I consider that it is not obligated to answer”, answered Esme Nussbaum.
You are lesbian?
Esme again insisted on its right to the private life and silence.
Feminist?
Again silence.
“I ask”, finally said Luther Rabinovits, “not because I against atheism, lesbiystva or feminism.
Here we do not have prejudices.
We - the servant of society without the prejudices.
But some forms of hypersensitivity, absolutely acceptable and praiseworthy by themselves, can sometimes distort results as, for example, those that you showed me.
It is obvious that you most are prejudiced against the church, and that you call “malicious” and “rough”, others would interpret as the expression of natural love of life and energy.
To continue to nudet about THAT WHICH OCCURRED, IF GENERALLY IT OCCURRED, then, as if it occurred, if generally it occurred, yesterday, it means to deprive the country of necessary for it vitality.
Esme Nussbaum viewed along the sides, until Rabinovits spoke.
After its head pink as flamingo, light-emitting diode letters repeated the councils, which “Ofnau” it gave to the country last quarter of century or more.
Smile at your neighbor, value your husband, listen to ballads, walk to the musicals, speak on the telephone, associate, explain, listen to, agree, apologize yourself.
Conversation is better than the silence, the word of song is better than the written word, but there is nothing better than the love.
“I completely understand, that you want to say”, it quietly answered Esme Nussbaum, when it was certified that its scientific leader finished to speak, “and I I want to say anything, furthermore that we they did not cure so effectively, as we convince ourselves.
Me disturbs the fact that if we will not be finished, we will reveal that we repeat the errors, which originally led to THE FACT THAT IT OCCURRED, IF GENERALLY IT OCCURRED.
Only this time we will reject our anger and distrust not on others.
Luther Rabinovits connected tips it was finger into the pyramid.
This gesture had to indicate infinite patience.
“You go too far”, he said, “calling “the errors” of the actions, which completed or did not accomplish our grandfathers.
You go too far and when you speak, that they rejected their “anger” and “distrust” on “others”.
At your place the man must not need reminding that, understanding the past, i.e., protecting present, we do not say about “us” and about “them”.
We are not no “” and it was any “others”.
This was the time of disorder - here and everything that we know.
“For which, if to be honest with themselves by itself”, it dared to put Esme, “not one part of the society can justify well itself.
I charge no one.
There was this badly or good - which is made, then is made.
Then it was then.
Nothing no longer it is necessary to speak - here we are agreeable.
And as it is necessary to blame no one, it is not necessary to be justified, if this was appropriately or if it was possible to correct something.
But why the past, if not in order to learn -
The past sushchestvet so that we would forget it.
If I can add one word to this -
Luther Rabinovits's pyramid was pulled down.
“I will examine your report”, he said, releasing it.
Next day, along the road to the work, it brought down the motorcyclist, who left to the pavement, as were described passer-by, “in the malicious fury”.
Agreements occur.
The army of Lesotho declares, that the revolution was not planned; Prime Minister remains in South Africa
The representatives of the army of Lesotho refuted the fact of the preparation of revolution for the purpose of the overthrow of government, after stating that they acted against the police, which they suspected in an attempt at to arm political fanatics.
Prime Minister Thomas Tabane left the country, after stating that the army of the country surrounded his official residence and took government buildings in the capital of Maseru.
Premier drove away her family into adjacent South Africa, after stating that the threat of attempt on its life, was obtained.
The representative of army Major Ntlele to Ntoi stated that it was not, in reality, revolution, but that army reacted to the threat from “political fanatics”, whom the police attempted to arm.
“Which occurred this morning, so this that the command of the armed forces of Lesotho took measures, after obtaining several reconnaissance reports about the fact that among the forces of the police there exist some elements, which actually plan to arm some political, young fanatics of the political parties, which were ready to arrange chaos”, it reported to the Voice of America.
The representative of the south African government of Kleyson Monela stated that the actions of army appeared as revolution.
“Although no one produced claims on the assumption of power by force, on all information, the activities of the armed forces of Lesotho on the present moment have the basic signs of revolution”, he, said.
The representatives of the army of Lesotho reported that the soldiers returned to the barracks on Sunday and which in the capital is quiet.
Meanwhile, Deputy Prime-Minister Motetzho Metsing governs government in the absence to Tabane.
Tabane stated that it assumes that it undergoes attacks in connection with the attempt to fight with corruption in the country.
The situation in Lesotho very stressed since June, when Tabane stopped parliamentary sessions as a result of the differences in its united government.
He stated that its action they did not blow up government, in spite of the charges in the reverse.
The half-back of Marco van Ginkel's “Chelsea” will conduct the forthcoming season on the rights of lease in “Milan”, Milan Channel reports.
21--year Dutchman will arrive to Italy in the nearest hours for the passage of medical examination.
In the past season it left in the field in the composition of the London club only three times.
Let us recall that previously “Milan” leased in “Liverpool” attacking Fenando Torresa.
Production in the Euro-zone on the lowest index in 13 months
An increase in the production in the Euro-zone was slowed down to the lowest index in 13 months in August, according to the information of popular of experiment.
The last value of the business index (PMI) of the production sector of the Euro-zone on Markit it fell to mark 50.7 in August, after descending with 51.8 in July.
The value higher than 50 indicates the increase.
New orders were detained, and enterprises suffered among the growing stress between the European Union and Russia in connection with Ukraine.
Values entered before the meeting of the European Central Bank (ECB (European Central Bank)) on Thursday.
Markets I will wait from the bank of the clear plan of that how manage the cessation of the restoration of the Euro-zone, and also the threat of deflation with the inflation, which composes only 0.3%.
There is the assumption that the leader of the ECB (European Central Bank) Mario Dragi later on this week can give additional signals, that he considers the diagram of quantitative softening for the Euro-zone, similar to those, which used Great Britain and the USA during the financial crisis.
“Although although some increase is better than entirely any increase, the braking effect of the growing economic and geopolitical uncertainty to the producers becomes more obvious”, said robes Dobson, senior economist of Markit.
PMI the production sector of Germany, quite important trading partner of Russia in the European Union, fell to lowest in 11 months mark 51.4.
Meanwhile, in the second largest economy of block, France, PMI fell to 46.9.
France continues to cause the present concern, just as weakening Italy from the stable increase to the stagnation.
The signs of the fact that the pulse of an increase in ugas in basic industrial engine, Germany, and also in Spain and Netherlands, also does not add confidence”, Mister Dobson said.
Retarding industry, most probably, still it will add oils into the fire to analysts, who expect the introduction of additional monetary or budget-tax stimulation.
One positive news was from Ireland, where PMI grew to 57.3, its summit level from end of 1999.
Howard Archer, the Chief Economist of IHS Global Insight, he said: “It is better, that it is possible to speak about the August the study of the business index of the production sector of the Euro-zone, this that it shows that the sector still grows”.
It added: “The producers of the Euro-zone, obviously, find the life of very heavy at the present moment, since the current increased geopolitical stress (especially connected with Russia/with Ukraine )adds uncertainties to still complex conditions in many countries.
This increased tension, obviously, struck the business - and especially the confidence of users, and, probably, it leads to the fact that some orders stay or even abolish, especially large orders.
He said that “increasingly more it is similar to that”, that the ECB (European Central Bank), in certainly the sum, it is necessary to conduct some variety of quantitative softening, “although we suspect, that it will be limited.”
The inhabitants of Mariupol will advance living chain against the militiamen
In Mariupol to the past week everything was quiet - no one vomited to organize Mariupolskuyu people republic, city in the Azov sea lived and worked.
Now inhabitants with the horror expect the arrival “of militiamen”.
On the version of political scientists, the separatists burst open to Mariupol in order to leave to the Azov sea - was recently undertaken Novoazovsk city, which thus far also did not enter into the composition of self-proclaimed republics.
Mariupoltsy solved, that the Ukrainian army, although will protect them, forces in it a little against the excellently armed representatives of DNR-LNR, and they were going to help serviceman.
They dig entrenchments, are built security checkpoints and strengthenings.
In the evening on Saturday several thousand inhabitants arrived to the eastern boundary of city, and they arose there into the living chain, singing the hymn of Ukraine.
They are collected to make the same in the case of offensive.
Volunteers gather and convey equipment and products, they gather medicines, publish newspaper.
In the city the stores gradually are shut, banks and automatic teller machines cease work.
Ten years of hell for those survived Beslan: Ten years from the terrible seizure of school as the children, who proved to be in it, until now, suffer
Ten years ago more than 1000 people were undertaken in hostages by Chechen militants in the school in Beslan, in the south of Russia
More than 330 people, are more than half of which children, they were killed in the time of this three-day testing, which shook peace
We returned to Beslan in order to find some of the victims, that deceived death during the atrocity in the school
Rovno ten years later after the terrible seizure of beslanskoy school, during which it died 334 people of, including 186 children, heroically survived catastrophe they warned last evening about the new apocalypse in Ukraine.
When terrorists, Islamic fanatics, seized and killed children and parents on September 1, 2004, at the beginning new fourth, this seemed by something like the extreme degree of possible evil.
Tragedy combined the east and West in the aversion, which surprisingly then overgrew in the action and hope for future under the conditions of the heaviest grief.
Ten years later we returned to Beslan in the south of Russia in order to find some of the victims, that deceived death during the atrocity in the school.
We revealed the surprising young people, which resisted trouble, although the memories about terrorist hell will live with them eternally.
Their largest hope?
That the war, which now torments Ukraine, in which the same children, as they, die, now it will cease.
The girl, who in the photograph attempts to be taken away back into the fired sport hall
It is imprinted in well-known Russian photographer Dmitriy Belyakov's photograph, when in one linen it attempted to be taken away back into the fired sport hall after the explosion of mine.
In the confusion Aida desperately searched for her mom, Larissa, by whom now 40.
There were the fears that both of them died, but in reality they survived.
“Woman told me to escape from all forces, but I could not”, Aida spoke then.
My feet were covered with the blood.
I arose and climbed conversely inward in order to find its mom.
Soldier selected it and carried to the safe place.
Afterward the turns of operations, she thought that completely it was restored, but yesterday she said: “Three months ago pain returned.
I fear, to me they can be required another operation.
Several splinters remained in my elbow.
Its purpose now - to become dentist, to help people so, as doctors helped it.
“This tragedy changed my life, but it did not, of course, break it”, she speaks with call.
“This occurred with me, and it is not possible to change this fact.
One time per year I always walk into this sport hall in order to recall all, who remained there.
My friends and I try not to speak about this during other days.
Pain is too strong.
My best friend, who had to become my class-mate, Dzera Gapoeva was killed there.
We played together, when they were small, and they dreamed, that let us go into the school together.
“I do not want to leave marry, until I finish studies and begin to work.
I will think about the family then.
She indicates that the seizure remains with it, although the memories a little grow dim each year.
I am glad, that many people in the world still remember about our troubles, and we are so grateful for help, which we obtained from the people from Great Britain and from everywhere.
When I see in the Internet the photograph, where I climb into the school window, I think that many people will see it the first time, they learn about our tragedy and will make so that this no longer it would occur.
The boy, who ran through deg of bullets, considering that its mother was dead
This was its first day in the school (Russians begin studies in the school into 7 years) and it survived three days of seizure, embracing its mother Tamara.
Then to it there were seven, and he spoke: “Mom told me to lie, if will explosion, and hold her for the hand”.
It thought after one of the explosions that it dies.
She said to it: “Run”.
Fearing, that it is dead, it broke into a run and along the road saw the weeping little-one, it gripped child for the hand and broke into a run through deg of bullets.
Its father Vladimir, who gripped son outside, he said: “Damir told me that his mom died.
He said: “I could not save it "".
In reality, Tamara got out to the freedom and it was in the hospital with the injuries on the feet, in turn thinking that its son died.
She said after their reunification: “I cried from happiness.
I could not believe in this.
It ran into and it embraced me.
Damira more lately brought into London (now nonexistent newspaper of News of the World), where it awarded as the defender of children from the fund of Barnardo ' s Premier Tony Blair and his wife of Sheri.
“This horror returns to you each day, but it would like me I could cease to recall him”, he said yesterday.
Nevertheless I can say that in my memory he grows dim.
I remember, as immediately after this I rejected entire my toy weapon.
But now I can play into the computer games with the shooting, and this is not problem for me.
“I do not fear to return to that sport hall, but I do not think about itself.
I remember those children, with whom I played in the court, which so did not get out.
We never say that they are killed or dead.
We say that they remained in the sport hall.
I remember my trip to London so good, the especially toy store, where me they permitted to select everything that I will want, and the trip in the machine with the open top.
But now it fears for such places as Ukraine, where the wars lead to such grief, which it survived and its friends.
This horror returns to you each day, but it would like me I could cease to recall him
“To me so it's a pity all those, who suffer from these horrors”, said Damir, which on the past to week was occupied by voluntary work in the convent.
I so want to help.
I want to serve in the police I sometimes and hope that they will enroll me into the training academy in the following year.
Its mother Tamara, 48 years, she said: “37 children were killed in our block, can visualize?
I remember terrible silence immediately after seizure, simply there were no children, who would shout and ran all around, and this silence continued many months.
It vividly remembers its trip with Damirom to London.
People in London cried, when I told our history.
I understood then, as people at other end of the earth they can understand our feelings, they can show support.
It was grateful “to Sheri Blair and to its fund for that reward and opportunity to go into London in the fall of 2004.
Me it would be desirable to ring Sheri and it is simple the very to it to say that 10 years passed, but I still remember meeting with it and its husband in London and as they helped Damiru and to me.
I remember as, when Damir wanted to eat up borsch, they obzvonili all local Russian restaurants.
I remember, as he played with the waiters in the restaurant, Damir shot in them its water pistol, and they ran away and played with it.
And month passed only after our nightmare then.
I was shaken by the fact that the Britons were so ready to divide our pain and to support us.
She said: “I all think that this peace did not become better in these 10 years.
Now in Ukraine war goes on, people die each day, and I think, many children were killed and will be killed.
These are simply the same children as our.
I think, for many people the war - is the news reporting, which they listen to, when by them boringly or when they are occupied with something still.
I simply know that these people feel, the horror of this.
And I cannot cease to feel him.
Nothing it changed, people as before want to kill each other, and this so is sad.
Damir grew and became very soft and calm boy, it in no way aggressive and not evil.
It does not search for vengeance, for example, it is not gotten stuck on this past nightmare.
I know that he does not love to recall him, but they are very close with six classmates, and they walk into the sport hall they from time to time and ignite spark plugs there.
When it was younger, it suffered from this - I remember, as he lay on the sofa, after turning away from us, by hours.
It did not fall, its eyes were opened.
I also remember, as he rejected entire his weapon and other military toys. To Damiru now 17, he higher than me, likable, clever and healthy.
To me with difficulty it believes that several hours I was so it was assured that he died and that I never him will see more.
When I could be set right from the explosion and arose to the feet, I viewed, I saw hell around itself, when body parts lay everywhere.
I was absolutely assured that it is impossible that my small boy could survive in this hell.
“I remember that I shouted to it: “Damir, run, run away”, but, in addition I was so it was assured that he did not hear me.
But it heard and ran away.
So life for us continues, in contrast to so many others.
Georgiy Ilin, 17 years
Boy, whose shocking photograph after seizure became determining for the tragedy in Beslan
Rest: survived Beslan Georgiy Ilin with its mom Fatimoy after seizure in 2004, and to the right Georgiy today
On its blood-stained face there was the imprint of the fear, when it escaped itself from death, when Chechen terrorists shot its classmates.
Its photograph was one of the most shocking symbols of barbarism in Beslan.
Its mother of Fatima, 54 years, head physician, led him into the school during the first day of studies before to transport the eldest son of Vladimir into the university.
“I left in two minutes before terrorists they ran into the court, so that my small boy remained one on three days of nightmare”, it recalled.
Not entirely one, there was there the family of our relatives, but they all were killed.
For only my Georgiy it was possible to survive.
The nearer this date, the more difficult it is to think and to speak about this.
There is not one day, when we do not recall this tragedy.
It does not seem us that this was long ago, I think that this happened yesterday, some scenes of these days always in me before the eyes.
No one will forget never, I promise to you.
It will begin to fall into the soul: the photograph of Georgiy (to the left) was one of the most shocking photographs of attack and was immortalized in the sculpture (to the right)
I remember that Georgiy thus wanted to go into the school during that day, that he said that he wants to embrace teacher.
I only learned, that he was living, when it saw him on the television.
But now even there is sculpture of weeping Georgiy in San Marino.
Georgiy does not love to look at this photograph, and it is hidden in the book cabinet of house.
I understand, but it also seems me that because of this photograph people from entire world feel our pain.
Georgiy speaks now: “It is important so that this more than never it would happen.
“I doubt, that we sometimes learn truth.
People continue to investigate such tragedies and never learn truth.
Now they investigate this wreck of Boeing in the Ukraine.
Do learn we sometimes how she was caused?
This peace goes to something very poor.
“I cannot understand, as this does occur, because if we ask people, no one does want war, since this does occur?
Ten years - nothing for this pain.
To us it is necessary that tens of years would pass, in order to a little forget it.
It influenced my health, and I still feel it.
About three or four years the nightmares because of the seizure dreamed to me, but it became now better.
I returned to the school later in 2004, to me was very terribly each day.
I thought about my friends and classmates, who were killed.
This is why I continue to walk into this sport hall before each on September 1.
I want to return the tribute of memory to my old friends of childhood.
To me it is heavy to enter into sport hall, but I must do this.
I do not feel itself by victim, this history - part of my past now.
I will not forget about this, but I do not experience pity to itself.
My life continues.
I graduated from school in this year and entered into the medical university in Vladikavkaz.
I will learn in order to become kardiokhirurgom.
My first selection was go into the army.
I wanted to be serviceman, but health did not allow me.
I wanted to battle for my country, but this he will not happen.
Georgiy Farniev, 20 years
The boy, who survived, in spite of the fact that it was located in the feet of the terrorist-killer
It is improbable: Georgiy Farniev was located in the feet of terrorist-killer during the seizure, but nevertheless he succeeded in surviving
During the seizure, it was photographed in the sport hall sitting next to the bomb in the feet of terrorist-killer.
Is actual, this miracle, that it was not killed.
“Us it seems that this was still yesterday”, speaks Georgiy, who wanted to learn to the intelligence officer in the FSB [Federal Security Service], but it was not able because of the damage, which was caused to its health during the seizure.
This still with me, this not something, that I left behind.
I older now, and say that the children easily manage the poor events, I must say that this is untruth.
“In 2006 I worked with the psychologists, and I felt itself a little better after this, but I cannot forget this.
But I would want to forget.
In 2005 - for the following year - there was the first and the last time, when I entered into this sport hall again.
I lost consciousness.
I never went there again, and, if you please, you do not request me to show, where I sat in this known photograph.
Survived: Georgiy Farniev today with photograph the open on the laptop computer itself in the hospital after the seizure
My pain is enormous, and I its burden with itself each day.
My friends know that I do not love to think about this or to discuss this, and they never asked me about the school.
Concerning physical state, I am healthy.
To I had to for careful with the elbow, which was damaged, but now I walk normally.
But nevertheless health did not allow me to go to learn in the academy of the FSB [Federal Security Service] in St. Petersburg, as I wanted.
I sent my documents, including medical conclusions, and they answered, that this is impossible.
Animals were my second enthusiasm, so that I went into the veterinary institute.
I studied there two years.
It learns to treat all animals “from the cats to the cows”.
He said: “I know that never I will describe to my children about my experience.
This first, about which must know the children, and, of course, not that the fact that they must survive.
Its mother is sea-scape, 42 years, she said: “This pain never leaves me.
It in my soul, is worse, when anniversary approaches.
I will go and I will be present at the ceremonies, which will be carried out in order to note it.
I know that Georgiy will not go.
It must be still more strongly for it, because it was there, but I no.
I waited his house and could not help.
I am so grateful to god, that he returned to me. Here at Beslan imprint lies on each.
It remains with us.
Georgiy is now adult, but this nightmare still with it.
It is difficult to accept, when something this terribly wrong, occurs with you.
It boy, it loves sport, but it cannot by it be occupied because of the elbow.
It had several operations, it can walk, but it cannot be occupied by sport.
I would say that he to 50% overcame this nightmare, but it cannot be completely overcome and forgotten this.
This terrible experience will remain with us.
Many friends and neighbors were killed during the seizure, and this only strengthens my pain.
I lost many people, which I knew well and which were expensive to me.
My son with me, and this is the best gift, which god could to me make, but my heart aches for those, who were killed.
I know the family, where new children were born, but I know the widows, who greater than never left marry.
It is heavy to consider that the life continues, even if you do not want.
I never will forget, as heart it jumped out in me from the breast at that moment, when I saw him in the hospital.
Now I look at the fact that occurs in the world, wars in the different regions.
For which these people do battle?
Why they do kill each other?
War it is very close to our country now, and to me with difficulty into this it believes.
We were one friendly country in the past, as so it did come out that we do war now?
People and children suffer, I am assured, many children were already killed in Ukraine and will be much killed.
If it was possible to grip all rebels and to reject - then far, as soon as it is possible.
Allen Tskaeva, 10 years
The baby, whom touchingly took away into the safe place the fighter of the Special Force
Rescued: Allen Tskaevu bears into the safe place the Russian fighter of the Special Force (to the left).
Now by it ten (to the right), and it in no way remembers about the monstrous crime
The respiration stopped in 2004 in peace, when small to Allen carried out on the hands from the seized school to Beslan Russian policeman.
Terrorists let go it, but with the cruelty left its 30-year mother, ten-year-old sister to Kristinu and brother of Makhara in the sport hall of school.
Makhar, to which there were then three years, rescued, but Aleniny mother and sister died in the fatal slaughter.
Its father Ruslan from those times was married again, and they with his new wife by Svetlana have the small daughter, whom it named Kristinoy into the memory about the daughter, whom it lost.
Allen, by which now ten, nothing remember about the seizure and it bloomed into the clever and cheerful girl, neighbors speak.
“They are large happy families now, and Allen and Makhar - both excellent children”, close friend speaks.
Ruslan - splendid father wants to hold them further from all memories, when the tenth anniversary is noted.
It is possible to understand why.
Half-back Shinji Kagawa, who returned himself from “by Manchester United” into Dortmund “Borussia”, noted that he with the impatience waits, when again he is able to leave in the field in the form of German club.
According to him, this transfer - glad event in the career.
Certainly, I am very glad, that I will again play for “Borussia”, gives Bild the word of Kagawa Prefecture.
I feel itself very well.
It is full of positive emotions and with the impatience wait, when again I can leave in the field in the form “of Borussia”.
Let us recall, Kagawa Prefecture passed to “MYu” from “Borussia” in the summer of 2012 for 16 million Euros.
However, it so could not be fastened in the composition of English club, after conducting for two seasons only of 38 matches in the championship of England, after driving in 6 balls and after returning 8 successful transfers.
Man is accused of the visit to the girl on the pedestrian crossing “pelican” in Fife
78--year man will appear before the court for charge in the visit to the three-year-old girl on the pedestrian crossing “pelican” in Fife.
Gordon Stewart supposedly brought down girl on the passage in Pittenvine in it was true to Nyuke.
Attorneys stated that Mister Stewart conducted his Audi Q3 without the proper caution and attention and brought down girl, as a result of which she suffered injury.
Stewart, 78 years, from Anstrutera, denied his fault in the sherifskom court of Dundee.
Sheriff Charles Makneyr, royal attorney, appointed the date of court in January.
Obama, Merkel and Hollande will not supply with goods themselves in Vladivostok
The store of the duty-free trade of Duty Free the airport of Vladivostok hung out the table, which forbids to accomplish purchases in this store to the number of world political leaders.
Not to be supplied by it with goods by perfumes, by vodka and by cognac.
The administration of store solved, that the President of the USA Barack Obama, chancellor of the FRG Angela Merkel, the President of France Francois Hollande, Vitali Klitschko, Yulia Tymoshenko, Premier the minister of Japan and still several well-known comrades cannot be supplied with goods by vodka, cognac and perfumes in their store.
And it hung out on the door the appropriate table.
Previously Obama obtained prohibition to the appearance in institution an even less accessible to it on the kind of service - dietetic table MGU, about which reported the site of the institutions of public catering.
The American President did cherish the dream to sometimes feed in the dietetic dining room in Russia, it is not known, but the authors of prohibitions clearly seem themselves by terribly ingenious.
There is whether cheese after the embargo: Medvedev gave advice to the landowners
The Prime Minister of Russia Dmitry Medvedev considers that under the conditions of embargo Russian landowners should be mastered the new technologies, in order to arrange the release claimed types of cheeses of the claimed in buyers.
Council was daN during the visit of enterprise “Yugptitseprom” of firm “agro-complex”.
The Head of Government also gave advice to restaurateurs to be reoriented to the Russian meat, whose quality is located on the proper level.
Annual embargo to the food import was introduced in Russia since August 7.
The head coach team Russia Valentina Maslakov is contented by the sums of the tournament of DecaNation.
According to the specialist, the third place - good result taking into account the absence of the goal-directed preparation for the competitions.
Our athletes appeared at their level, it gives “entire sport” of the word of Maslakova.
The third place - the confirmation of our is sufficient high command level.
It is pleasant that the advantage of the French and even Americans above us is minimum.
It is one must take into account that we were not prepared for these competitions.
Season is completed, and we did not begin to force our leaders to the participation in the match of DecaNation.
In recent years we became the second at this tournament, but in this season was updated composite.
The French, on the contrary, advanced the combat-effective command, which includes 13 champions of Europe.
They did not hide their intention to defeat in this year, about which repeatedly publicly they declared.
But even this composition of the owners of competitions could not resist Americans.
Therefore I assume that the Russians appeared in this representative company at a good level.
But results in some forms were by an order lower than on the same “diamond league”.
Season is completed.
Naturally, to athletes no longer so meaningful result, that it is more in the competitions of command level.
The main thing was here - place.
But according to the results, it is agreeable, it reached the absurdity, when on 1500 m of man they were so fascinated by the tactical stratagems of run that they showed the result below average of the level… of female rounds.
4 prompts how to attain the best quality of underwater photographs and video
If you want to photograph or to remove video under water, before you a whole series of the versions of equipment.
The cheapest version - watertight “soap-box”, for example, of Nikon Coolpix AW120, or the ekshn-camera, for example, of GoPro Hero3+ of Silver Edition, both of which are sold approximately for $300.
I made these photographs at the family holiday with the aid of several cameras, all on the price of approximately $350.
Regardless of the fact what equipment you use, several rules it is necessary to observe in order to be achieved the best results.
Recheck your equipment.
Even if in you the watertight camera, you ascertain that the small battery of camera and other departments are tightly closed.
Furthermore, dispose your camera for that type of photographs or video, which you will remove.
Some photo- and video cameras have regimes of surveys or item type, which optimize exposure for the darkened underwater conditions.
And before jumping into the water, you will be examined, as deeply your equipment it can descend.
Some cameras are calculated only for 5 feet, others - 50 or 60 feet.
You will look our leadership of buyer and ratings of digital cameras both for the traditional and for the watertight models.
Remove several personnel - because many of them will not come out.
“The soap-boxes” have ZHKD, which will help you to arrange photographs, whereas usually do not have any their ekshn-cameras.
Even if you have ZHKD, it will difficultly examine under water it, and the layout of sequence will be random process.
Therefore make several personnel.
Also, if your camera has the regime of series survey, which removes several personnel with a little different exposure controls, use named.
Remain on the surface.
A quantity of light substantially is reduced, than deeper you will dive under the water.
If this is possible, remain on the surface, when you remove in the pond, river or ocean.
This will also allow you to transmit more than color in the photographs; the deeper you will leave, the less the color you will see.
Swim up nearer to the objects of survey.
This is outstanding council for the survey on dry land, but it is still more important under water because of the darkened light conditions.
It is especially important, if you remove into the ekshn-camera: This equipment is frequently equipped with the fixed, wide-angle lens, which means that for you it is necessary to approach the objects of survey, if you want to fill sequence.
The bronze prize-winner of the Olympic Games of 2012 on freestyle wrestling of Machs's Bilyal can pass into the Greco-Roman fight.
On this reported the head coach of the team of Daghestan on freestyle wrestling of Sazhid Sazhidov.
Specialist did not exclude the participation of athlete on the world championship in Tashkent in September 2014.
At present Machs's Bilyal is found on the collection of the command “of classicists”, gives “the R-sport” of the word of Sazhida Sazhidova.
Generally, on yunioram Bilyal came out also in both styles.
On the youth superiority of peace of 2005 it became the winner of the tournament of volnikov and third prize-winner in the competitions of Greco-Romans and made the decision to be concentrated at freestyle wrestling.
Has long ago dispatched conversations, that the new stage of its career will conduct our Siberian topaz in the Greco-Roman fight.
I will say more: Machs it can appear already on the world championship in Tashkent - if it wins estimation.
But the decisive word always after the trenerskim staff headed by Gogi to Koguashvili.
Andrew Lawson was such person, whose force of personality could shake everything all around, even in this gigantic organization as national health services.
The consulting anesthesiologist, it dedicated its career to the deliverance of patients both from the sufferings of disease and from the flour of treatment.
Among those, who turned to it, its wife recalls, there was the officer MI-6, for whom it was necessary to live with the destructive consequences of tortures.
Lawson understood, that, until doctors were absorbed by diagnoses and by diseases, those, who pass treatment, mainly, disturbs something completely different - pain.
Once in 2007, however, it proved to be the fact, who began to suffer.
“I did not feel itself as usually”, he wrote in May last year.
To me it was difficult to find in itself forces.
Fighting with the symptoms, it revealed by similar to the influenza that it irritatedly reproaches its wife, It dzhuliet.
“I want so that everything would occur more rapidly, but not later”, it noted.
When It dzhuliet it left in the matters to the week, Lawson revealed that he uncommonly and incomprehensibly why was detuned.
Something was not thus.
It requested colleague to make a roentgen of chest.
Only by two weeks earlier it rolled itself on skis in the French Alps.
The results of roentgen arrived.
This were mesothelioma, incurable cancer, which affects pleura, or shell of lungs.
For the majority of cancer it is complicated to explain precise reason.
Although some smokers fall ill with lung cancer, for example, not all patients with lung cancer they smoked.
But with the mesothelioma differently.
Almost in all cases reason - contact with asbestos, fibrous building material, which was once called “miracle”, but which, as now known, it is mortally dangerous.
For the majority of us mesothelioma - disease, to which it is possible not to turn attention.
Asbestos, after all, - material from the past.
The most dangerous type of asbestos is not used in Great Britain with 1960-X of the years, when recommending industrial prohibition came into force.
Even when it was used, only people from the concrete branches worked in the close contact with it: truboizolirovshchiki, builders, carpenters and the workers of docks, for example.
Industrial toxin from another epoch, it hardly is seen by reason for the concern today.
But such a calmness is erroneous.
Great Britain, occurs, today is located on the peak of the epidemic of mesothelioma.
Here from the mesothelioma dies more people, than in any other country on the planet.
With the yearly mortality approximately into 2500 people, more than two more than people dies from this illness, than as a result of the automobile emergencies.
Yearly quantity of deaths from the mesothelioma the since 1980 and forecasted quantity of deaths in the future in Great Britain
The reason, for which we perceive its fatal consequences now, lies in the fact that, although the use of asbestos unlawfully already many years (all types of asbestos they were, in the final analysis, forbidden by law in 1999), for the development of mesothelioma they depart usually ten years.
And the misfortune of mesothelioma is not limited by the veterans of the specialties of industrial construction.
Asbestos it was, and in many instances it remains, it is laid into the houses, where we live, the offices, where we work, the school, where we learn, and stores, where we walk after the purchases.
As a result, mesothelioma not paying attention to class, level of abundance, profession or age.
The bastions of izbrannosti, from the fashionable London department stores to the private schools, as it proved to be, not rescuing.
The House of Parliament is pierced by asbestos.
Even the hospitals, which are intended in order to treat us, they proved to be the reservoirs of this fatal carcinogen.
Andrew Lawson was not old.
It was not truboizolirovshchikom.
Strictly speaking, for it was necessary to think, where it could make contact with asbestos.
Then it considered.
“It seems that could be much asbestos in the tunnels in the hospital of Guy, where I conducted six years on the practice period”, he wrote.
Everyone - students, nurses, doctors and loaders - used these tunnels.
It is interesting, how many of my contemporaries they will fall ill with the same illness?
This was the question, to which, unfortunately, it could give partial answer.
“Of four doctors, who worked on probation in the hospital of Guy and in whom subsequently developed the mesothelioma in past five years”, it noted in the letter in 2010, “I one remained among the living”.
How many of us they will fall ill with this illness?
To Andrew Lawson was set diagnosis “mesothelioma”, when to it there were 48 years.
When it died, on February 17 this year, to it there were 55.
To live so is for long uncommon.
Fifty percent of the patients with mesothelioma die 8 months after the formulation of diagnosis.
It is always fatal.
Thus, now we can only repeat Lawson's question: “How many of us they will fall ill with the same illness?”
According to the chief expert according to mesothelioma in Great Britain, professor Julian Pitot, to most probably assume that between 1970 and 2050 for years, when asbestos epidemic in Great Britain must eliminate itself, will die about 90000 people.
Majorities now do not represent that they will die thus.
Asbestos mine in Quebec, Canada Alamy
The rapid survey of reports from the court rooms, where victims frequently turn for compensation, shows, as far it was extended to attack mesothelioma.
In this June, for example, Marks & Spencer recognized that on the oversight subjected Dzhenis Ellen to contact with asbestos.
It worked in the network of nine years, since 1978 until 1987, leading the divisions of clothing on two objects, one of which was main store to Oxford Street.
Missis Ellen was only 18 years, when it began to work in M&S.
Now in it two children are older than 20 years.
“Before this occurred,” she speaks, “I never heard about the mesothelioma, I hardly knew about asbestos.
To me and into the head it could not arrive, that this will affect me.
A few people actually much know about asbestos.
Strictly speaking, asbestos - these are not is one substance, but group of six minerals.
They were called their name from the word “asbestiform”, which indicates the fibrous structure, which reports strength and flexibility to them.
From these six, three frequently they were used in the building.
The chrysotile, widely known as white by asbestos, much more frequent than others is encountered in the buildings today.
It was used in the roofing panels, outdoor tile, thermoinsulation of pipes, boiler seams, even in the brake shoes of automobiles.
It is less fatal than other forms of asbestos, but it is nevertheless acknowledged as the European Union and World Health Organization “serious source of the damage to health”, which can lead to death.
Are more dangerous, however, by the brown asbestos (amosite) and blue asbestos (crocidolite).
Great Britain was the once most important importer of brown asbestos in the world, and experts assume that “there are weighty, although indirect foundations for assuming that this is the basic reason of the extremely high number of patients with the mesothelioma [in Great Britain]”.
The collaborator of Marks & Spencer underwent the action of asbestos in the main store of company in Oxford Street, London Alamy
Dzhenis Ellen, possibly, did not think about itself as about the typical victim of mesothelioma, but the work of Julian Pitot makes it possible to assume that its history is far from uncommon.
It conducted the study of patients, which makes it possible to assume that “the essential percentage of the mesotheliomas, when there is no known action on the work or house, they were, it is most likely, caused by the action of asbestos out of the environment”.
The large part of this action, he speaks, is caused “usual use and action of the weather” on our buildings.
No one, seems, it cannot be confident, that it out of danger.
The report to Goddard Consulting, in which was examined Westminster palace, demonstrates, as people, even in the very center of government, they could undergo action unconsciously.
In 2009 Goddard reported that the technical mines and conduits after the accomodations of parliamentary committees were infected by asbestos, whose fatal fibers could be set in motion by something so inoffensive as “strong airflow”.
Members of Parliament frequently they charge with the fact that they pursue their own interests, but in this case it seems that correctly reverse.
Although the board on the maintenance of parliament insisted on what the Westminster palace obtained “clean sanitary evidence”, now it recognized, that it is necessary to conduct works to £1 of billion on reconstruction of parliament, by improving to electrician and after removing asbestos, and also that after general election of 2015 the members of parliament will, possibly, sit in the conference-center QE2 near, but not on the green benches of Westminster.
The report to Goddard noted that “the situation with asbestos did not cope in accordance with different rules”.
It cannot be learned, this error of control will cost lives.
Everything, that it is possible to make now, this to wait.
_one of those, whom so and not be impossible reveal her contact with asbestos, - this Graham Ebbott, doctor general practice.
Like Andrew Lawson, Ebbott, 50 years, suspect, that he underwent the action of asbestos, when he worked in the hospitals.
“I worked in the hospital, which successfully produced the actions, connected with asbestos”, he speaks, “but I cannot prove this in my case.
So it is difficult to recall all places, where it worked, and date.
What it remembers clearly, so this day at the beginning the December 2009, when it slew something, which was similar to the influenza.
To it there were 45, and it was on the middle of operation late evening.
Suddenly me it began to run a fever.
This began very rapidly.
I felt itself terribly.
I thought that I cannot pass entire way to the house.
Being doctor, Ebbott knew that the pain goes from the pleura, shell around the lungs.
However, as Dzhenis Ellen, in it simple there was no reason to suspect mesothelioma.
In the final analysis, it could not walk to the work month.
The puzzled doctors made the X-ray photographs of chest and placed pleural catheters in order to extend liquid from the lungs and to send it to the analyses.
And nevertheless its state ostavlos without the diagnosis.
Gradually its health status was improved, and it returned to the work.
But from time to time the same symptoms returned, frequently after it was occupied by sport and heavily it breathed.
In 2011 one of the patients of Ebbotta arrived at it into reception with the similar symptoms, and to it was subsequently set diagnosis “mesothelioma”.
However, even then Ebbott it did not connect this with its own case.
Finally, its patient was to tens of years older and he worked with asbestos directly.
Connection in this case was obvious.
In September 2011 the state of Ebbotta deteriorated again, and its consulted doctor showed his results kt and X-ray photographs the group of specialists.
In December 2011, exactly in two years after Ebbott began to feel itself badly, the sensor, equipped with camera, was introduced into the cavity between the shell of its chest and shell of its lung.
I am optimist.
I usually simply go further”, he speaks.
I too did not survive about this, honestly speaking.
But Reychel, my wife, survived.
The result of biopsy arrived on the week between Christmas and New Year: “To me they said that this is mesothelioma”.
Graham Ebbott: the mesothelioma is diagnosed
Suddenly Ebbott was immersed into the meetings with the nurses of Macmillan, one of whom proposed to it to be connected with the lawyer.
Specifically, then it realized the scale of epidemic.
“It occurs, by asbestos it was widely used, especially in the large public buildings, where there was fairly often asbestos thermoinsulation on the pipes”, he speaks.
People, which underwent the action of asbestos in these buildings, now fall ill with this illness.
Thus, mesothelioma now strikes the more young people of untypical professions.
The most dangerous isolated by asbestos pipes in the hospitals were located in the basements; therefore it is highly improbable so that the patients would suffer.
But many colleagues, whom were passed on the pedestrian tunnels in order to fall of one building into another (as Andrew Lawson), or fir tree in the basement dining rooms (as frequently made Graham Ebbott) they almost for sure actually underwent the action of toxic substance.
During several decades after war, it occurs, hospitals were the place, where, theoretically, they saved life for potsientov, but by the place, which presented threat for the life for the doctors, who treated them.
Still they continue to move away today it.
Schoolchildren established their Bunsen burners on the asbestos supports
And these are not only hospitals.
By asbestos it was frequently used in the offices, stores, libraries and city halls because of its surprising insulating and fireproof characteristics.
Schools also.
Strictly speaking, many, most likely, for the first time underwent the action of asbestos in the class.
In the entire country, in the countless lessons of chemistry, the schoolchildren established their Bunsen burners on the asbestos supports.
Appeared the websites, which focus attention on the problem of asbestos in the schools.
Meanwhile, in our houses, such inoffensive things, as outdoor tile or the roofs of Sarajevo, as a rule, contained asbestos.
“This is the industrial poison, placed into the huge amount of our buildings”, notes Andrew Morgan, the lawyer, who introduced Andrew Lawson in the matter against the hospital of Guy.
In one case the only contact, about which could recall sick woman, was the removal of garden shed in the 1970's years.
Therefore you be careful, carrying garden sheds.
The effect of the diagnosis, when it is known that the disease is incurable, enormous.
“To that in order to realize this, it departs sufficiently much time”, speaks Graham Ebbott.
I returned to the work and attempted to continue, but he understood that I could not be concentrated on what I make.
I stayed in the surgery two weeks.
Then I understood that for me it is necessary to leave and to be dismantled itself.
That zh, I am no longer meeting Christmas
Passage from the position of doctor to the position of patient was one of the most difficult things.
As the innumerable number of patients to it, it remembers, as it was biased to sense by the volume of information, which should have been accepted.
“It was complicated everything to realize”, he speaks.
“I asked my doctor “how much in me time?”
To me gave about 12 months.
I remember, as I thought: “That zh, I am no longer meeting Christmas.
Here and everything "".
Mesothelioma is especially dangerous, since precisely the mechanics of that how we sustain life, auto the report of respiration - is caused cancer, which kills.
The majorities of the cases of mesothelioma are caused by contact with asbestos.
By asbestos it consists of tiny fibers.
When with asbestos it is destroyed and fibers are inhaled, they can get stuck in the pleura, shell of lungs.
The fibers of asbestos irritate pleura and can cause the mutations of cells.
“Problem appears as a result of the inhalation of the needle-shaped fibers of asbestos”, professor that Trezher, the kardiotorakalnyy surgeon, who arrived in 2001 into the hospital of Guy.
Specifically, that hospital, where, as Andrew Lawson suspected, it underwent the action of asbestos, now, ironically, guiding center on the treatment of mesothelioma.
Trezher knew Lawson and treated some others, who, probably, underwent action, working on probation in the hospital.
When the needles of asbestos fall into the tissue of lungs, speaks Trezher, “by their respiration it pushes out to the periphery, where shell is located.
This, in its essence, invazivnyy process from the very beginning.
The usual versions of the treatment of other forms of cancer are much less effective with the mesothelioma.
The effectiveness of surgical intervention, for example, causes heated debates.
It seems certain that this it is worth trying.
Trezher is not agreeable.
“It is not possible to cut out pleura”, he speaks.
It cannot be around it approach with the knife.
Meanwhile this cancer does not " very well yield to chemotherapy”, which “acts”, but it does not cure.
“From time to time there are the patients, who live for long”, speaks Trezher.
But in the final analysis, they everyone dies.
Fortunately, some patients live much, much longer than it is expected.
Writer Stephen Jay Gould died in 20 years after was set diagnosis.
Two and one-half of year after the formulation of diagnosis, Graham Ebbott continues to battle.
After it fell ill with mesothelioma, Ebbotta introduced to Andrew Lawson, who, four years after the formulation of diagnosis, individual became bureau of support and consultations for the same patients.
“Allo, cancerous central”, he cheerful said, when they rang.
“It was very positive”, speaks Ebbott.
The diagnosis of 4 years was placed to it ago, and it is still very energetic.
First to Ebbottu they proposed six cycles of chemotherapy, which would engage four months and would prolong to it the life in all for the month.
“I was in the desperation”, he speaks.
I wanted to be returned.
Lawson, nevertheless, “contrived to give to everything somewhat more positive painting”.
After being encountered with several specialists, Ebbott decided to continue treatment with the professor Loikom Lanzh-Lazdunski, professor of thoracic surgery in the hospital of Guy.
“We had advantage in the fact that to me it was not necessary direction, I simply rang to them, and they accepted me”, Graham acknowledges.
For mean statistical patient it would be necessary to obtain direction and approval to the financing.
Money play the decisive role for the patients with the mesothelioma in order to obtain treatment the best of the existing forms.
However, when this treatment they finally inevitably prove to be ineffective, many patients collide with one more financial occasion for the concern - about the future of the families, which they will leave.
And then they turn into the courts for compensation.
Andrew Lawson was connected with Andrew Morgan from Field Fisher Waterhouse LLP.
“It it was known that asbestos it was harmful for the health, since 1898”, Morgan speaks.
But which changed in 1960-X, so this that which became understandable that even very small quantities could subject health mark.
Specifically, then they addressed about the unconscientiousness of companies.
Andrew Lawson and hospital of Guy, in the final analysis, regulated the matter, but this there was no “by regulating to the total cost” according to Morgan, since Lawson could not unambiguously prove that his mesothelioma was the result of contact with asbestos in the hospital of Guy.
After the investigation of its death, the representative of the hospital of Guy nevertheless confirmed, nevertheless that “asbestos in the basement accomodations, with which dealt the discussion, it was removed in the 1990's years”.
This was too late for Andrew Lawson.
As to remove the asbestos
Strictly speaking, to tie fatal contact with asbestos to one company or place of work - usually through tens of years after this - proved to be big problem for the patients with the mesothelioma, that require compensation.
Many of their former employers replaced owner or were shut.
Insurance archives could be lost.
And those, who protect from the actions, know that on their side the time, which the plaintiffs, of course, do not have.
As the answer in this year left the serious new legislative acts, which facilitate the process of the penalty of compensation patients with the mesothelioma, even if their former employers cannot be traced.
In accordance with this law, was created the £350-millionth fund for means, financed by insurance industry, for those, to whom was set diagnosis after July 2012 and who can prove contact, but to whom not with whom to be judged.
Patients will in such cases obtain 80 percent of sum, which the court could sentence in the commonplace about compensation - near £120000.
Each year is expected about 300 successful actions according to this diagram.
Andrew Morgan as many, who work with the patients with the mesothelioma, it assumes that £350 of million are “very good work” for the industry of insurance.
“This is the transaction, written by insurers for the insurers”, he indicates, hinting that the sum composes fourth of fact that for insurers it would be necessary to pay off, if temporary space did not interfere and patients with the mesothelioma could trace companies and give lawsuit normally.
Even Mike Penning, previously minister of labor and pensions, recognized that the law “was incomplete”.
However, Penning, and Morgan recognize that, with the fact that seven people die each day, quick action it was necessary.
“People suffer so strongly, and to them is necessary aid today”, spoke Penning during the second reading of bill about the mesothelioma in December of last year.
By that time Graham Ebbott was situated in professor Loika's hands to Lanzh-Lazdunski of 19 months.
After the primary consultations of Lanzh-Lazdunski was recommended the surgical intervention, which, in contrast to Toma Trezhera, it considers effective.
This followed radiotherapy and chemotherapy - triterapiya, in which to Lanzh-Lazdunski it can brag of entire 40 percent of the survived patients in five years.
Ebbott felt the flow of forces.
“This, of course, one of the very important things”, speaks Ebbott.
You see this in patients always.
There is some force, which supports you.
When you surrender, state can deteriorate very rapidly.
Graham Ebbott lay on the operation in March 2012.
Toward the end of August it finished the latter of six cycles of chemotherapy.
The subsequent scannings did not show the track of disease.
Then to me they made scanning in March [2014].
There were several spots [cancer] in my chest.
To me exactly it had to be carried out by 50.
This is not the threat of life.
This is the end of the life.
And again Ebbott traversed six cycles of chemotherapy.
Now there is no track of tumors.
However, this process both physically and is emotionally heavy.
It is possible to think about the practical things - about the finances, when I die, for example, or about the fact that it is necessary to show wife, as works timer on the boiler.
When you obtain bad news, you become bleak.
It is necessary to look forward.
As to the father of Elli, 16 years, and Temzin, 14 years, this is not always easy.
“This is difficult for the parent”, he speaks.
It is heavy to understand what to say and as much to say.
When diagnosis the first time was placed to me, I said to girls that in me the disease, which means that I will not live until the old age.
They reacted very differently.
Temzin is very sociable and is energetic.
It described to all its friends, and many very rapidly rang us.
Of Elli it was more restrained.
She did not say much.
Such conversations - this something, which it is necessary to contend by entire sick cancer.
But for the patients with the mesothelioma such considerations are not balanced by hope, even flash of the opportunity to survive.
This illness implies (even as, in the final analysis, for Stephen Jay Gould) gloomy certainty.
As speaks Andrew Morgan, “mesothelioma is not the threat of life.
The bodies of those embalmed pharaoh's are turned up into asbestos cloth.
The fibers of asbestos are used for strengthening of saucepans and increase in the thermal stability.
Pliniy elder is described asbestos.
Now is invented the fabric, which is not set on fire.
I saw the made from it napkins, which glow in the fireplaces on the embankments,
The contemporary commercial use of asbestos begins in Italy, where it is used for preparing of paper (even bank note) and cloths.
Large asbestos mines are opened in Canada and South Africa and soon after this in America, Italy and Russia.
This is ideal heat insulator for the steam engines and turbines of industrial revolution.
The world production of asbestos grows to more than 30000 tons per year.
Statistics from Prudential is revealed the premature mortality among those, who work with asbestos and by which because of this it is refused in life insurance.
Nelly Kershou it dies in Rochdeyle.
Doctor to Uillyam Cook testifies that the particles of asbestos in its lungs “appeared, beyond any doubt, by basic cause of death”.
This is the first case of such type.
Tenants to Kershou, Turner Bros Asbestos, do not recognize responsibility.
Compensation is not paid out.
During the Second World War intensively are developed the shipbuilding, one of the mortally dangerous professions themselves from the point of view of contact with asbestos.
Voluntary industrial ban on import of blue asbestos
Court of appeals confirms the first successful action about the harm to health, caused as a result of the contact with asbestos, in Great Britain.
The world production of asbestos grows to more than 4213000 tons per year.
Great Britain imports 139000 tons.
Executive committee on questions of public health and industrial safety in Great Britain requires that all contractors, who work with asbestos, would obtain license.
Import and use of blue and brown asbestos it is forbidden by law in Great Britain.
All the use of asbestos is forbidden in Great Britain.
The report about the mesothelioma is accepted in Great Britain.
The diagram of compensation in the size of £350 of million is declared.
Asbestos it is forbidden in more than 50 countries, but white of asbestos still is used in the cheap building materials in many parts of peace.
World production is held approximately at the level 2 mln t per year.
China rejects to give the right to select leaders to Hong Kong; those protesting swear to take vengeance
The parliament of China made the decision on Sunday not to permit the voters of Hong Kong to advance candidates to the elections of 2017, in spite of the growing requirements of the democratic reform.
This motion, will most likely, mark the beginning of long ago promised protests in the business block of Hong Kong, since activists began planning and mobilization in a matter of hours after this statement.
The decision of the Pan-Sino of the meeting of people representatives, in the essence, makes possible for Communist leaders to remove all candidates, who are not loyal to Beijing.
“This did not deceive our expectations, but nevertheless it leads into the fury,” it said legislator Emily La, the chairman of the Democratic Party.
This not that Beijing promised.
They deceived people of Hong Kong.
And it is obvious that we deal concerning the authoritarian regime.
Protecting the solution of China, whether fairies, the Under-Secretary of the permanent committee of the Pan-Sino of the meeting of people representatives, said that to allow national advancement to the elections of the leader of Hong Kong would be too “chaotic”.
Since 1997, when Great Britain transmitted control over Hong Kong back to China, Beijing promised to allow the inhabitants of region to select by voting the Head of Government, since 2017.
Chinese leaders presented on Sunday the solution as democratic step forward accepted, since it gives to gonkongtsam right for the direct voting; however, the solution also makes with obvious, that the Chinese leaders will continue to strongly hold process in their hands with the aid of the commission for nomination, rigidly controlled from Beijing.
And, according to new article, only the candidates, who “love the country and love Hong Kong” will be allowed.
The solution was accepted after the summer, when occurred some of the quite scale and received wide publicity protests in Hong Kong in many years.
After the large part of the prodemokraticheskoy campaign in Hong Kong stands the motion of Occupy Central With Love and Peace, whose organizers threatened to overlap the financial region of Hong Kong, if Beijing does not guarantee present universal selective right.
On Sunday in the evening, already in several hours after statement, hundreds of supporters of Occupy Central were collected in the rain before the headquarters the government of Hong Kong.
The organizers stated at the demonstration that their motion passes to the new stage of civil insubordination and that they will rise on the waves of protest in the subsequent weeks.
Nevertheless, they did not report details, obviously, attempting to avoid problems with the public organs.
In the online-statement the organizers reported that the motion “considered the opportunity of seizing the central region only as the exceptional measure, actions, which can be undertaken only, if all opportunities of dialogue were exhausted and there is no other selection.
We with the large regret report that today all opportunities of dialogue are exhausted and the seizure of central region undoubtedly takes place.
Public organs in Hong Kong were prepared for the statement of Beijing several days, and on Sunday in the headquarters governments were intensified safeguard with the attraction of the police and barricades.
At the basis of disorders the sensation in many in Hong Kong lies, that they slowly lose control over their own city.
The inflow of inhabitants from the continent strengthens competition in the sphere of goods and services.
Fear also is strengthened, that the values of Hong Kong, such as democracy and freedom of speech, begin to weaken under the being increased pressure from Beijing.
Some criticize the motion of Occupy Central, indicating that its demonstrations subject to risk business - the source of vitality of Hong Kong.
“The protest, about which they speak, it can lead to the large economic damage in the dependence on that, how much man will participate and as for long”, she said legislator Regina Ip, which has long ago criticized motion.
We do not want so that would be extended the concern about the fact that Hong Kong goes out of control.
This is the idea, which is detrimental for the investments.
Chinese state media outlets also gave reportings in the recent days, in which the Hong Kong activists of democratic movement were shown by saboteurs, directed by Western powers.
This summer activists organized the unofficial referendum on the selective right, which drew 780000 participants - more than one fifth of the voters of Hong Kong.
But in July ten thousand left to one of the largest prodemokraticheskikh demonstrations in the history of region.
The American culture of exhaust balls reaches before the university life: to freshmen they proposed to arrive on the personal aircraft
We are glad to react to this demand, after launching Great Britain's first service of the journeys of the category “of luxes” for the current students.
In order to leave bright impression from the arrival into the university, company also proposes such versions of transportation as personal aircraft, Rolls-Royce of Phantom, Aston Martin or McLaren P1.
Mister Stewart also stated that the service thought about the safety.
This service - ideal alternative for the students, which it is usually necessary to convey their things through entire country in the dangerously overloaded machine.
In combination with our new versions for VIF, we with the impatience wait that how let us help the students of this year to reach the university with the minimum of efforts and maximum of luxury.
The representative of company reported that, since this service is recently neglected, orders yet it did not enter; however, it added that “the students will begin to order this service into next few weeks”.
Company also stated that in spite of the fact that stands the need for paying for the instruction of £9000 per year before the students, it nevertheless hopes to find market for this service.
Current students differ radically from the students 10, 20, of 30 or 40 years ago in the fact that expectations and hopes: are more important than sometimes, to produce outstanding first impression, and VIF - precisely that which is necessary for this.
Nevertheless, the national union of students criticized severely this service as torn from reality.
Megan Dann, the Vice President of NSS on higher education, she said: “This project is improbably torn from the life of the majority of students.
Many students, who in this month will begin studies at the university, encounter the crisis of cost of living, when accessible financial support in the form of credits and grants does not manage after the swiftly growing expenditures for base needs, before they can generally begin to think about taking out of thousands of pounds to something like the simple arrival into the hostel.
Feminists raise a question of racial belonging and behavior of the police after Ferguson
Unarmed adolescent was killed by officer of the police in Ferguson, by Missouri, it is earlier in this month.
Those arrived raise hands, scanning: “Hand upward, do not shoot”, until they wait in the turn before the burials.
After two weeks of protests in Ferguson, Missouri, connected with the murder of the unarmed adolescent of Michael Brown, blogger Miriam Zoila Perez it noted shift in the Internet-conversation among the white feminists.
According to its experience, white feminists, who left commentaries, placed gender higher than the racial belonging, when the discussion turned to the advance of reproductive rights and inequality of incomes.
However, in proportion to that how stress on the average West grew and drew general national attention, Perez it saw the answers of the white women, who were concentrated by 100 percent on the racial belonging.
In comparison with the reaction of black women soon after murder on August 9, personal essays with such titles, as “thought about Ferguson from face of white woman” and “feminism - this not only about the oppression of women” they appeared relatively late.
But for Perez they demonstrated essential shift.
“In the feminism, I do not think that to eat is many people, which tell about the white color the skin and privileges at this high level”, she said.
People felt the need for saying something about that which happened.
This is very symbolic for the crisis, which we encountered, and because (situation in Ferguson) it is so attached to the racial belonging, they felt that it is necessary to indicate this.
For the professor of English at the university of the state of Ohio of Kority Mitchell Ferguson bared problems, which black American women encounter each day, but which are not received as “female problems” in the cultural sphere.
“I can write anything ridiculous in Facebook about that which occurs with me and my partner, and I will obtain 150 it is kid from everywhere”, Mitchell speaks.
When I write anything about how colored people they undergo attacks in their own country, silence deafens.
“Why women it is safe to publicly tell about the relations, but not about the safety in the public sphere? ”, she asks.
For the black women as Mitchell, who studied questions of race, gendera and sexuality in the history of the USA, there is no dichotomy between the questions, which are concerned racial belonging and gendera.
From its point of view, black women are located on in that position in order to clearly divide these problems; they encounter complex reality each day.
While white women now unite questions of racial belonging and gendera in feministic meynstrime, Endzhela Khetteri, the professor of female and gender studies in George Mason's university, tells that their predecessors made vice versa.
“Between 1865 and 1890 lynched, at least, 10000 black men, and as base this almost always served the rape of white woman”, it described Khetteri.
Was necessary white woman, who confirms story, in order to base lynching.
From the point of view of Khetteri, the break between the white and black women occurred, when the white suffragettes, for example, of B. Anthony's Syuzen studied situation at the end of 1800-X of years and they saw, that the fight for the selective right will be effective only for one of the groups: women or black.
“They made the decision to accumulate all eggs into the basket of voting rights for the women, and voting rights for the black it had to appear more lately”, it described Khetteri.
Retrospective on similar things gives to us clear idea about why colored women do not entrust to white women.
We made nothing good.
We never helped black women to protect their husbands and sons.
Even after women attained voting rights in 1920, left ten years to that, so that the white women would be combined against the lynchings in the association of the women of the south for averting of lynchings.
This group appeared almost in 40 years after black women they for the first time requested aids, she said Mitchell.
From the point of view Mitchell, lifting of the reactions of white feminists to the problems, raised by situation in Ferguson, the behavior of the police, the racial discrimination - reflect the time, when for the white feminists it was necessary “to overtake” problem, whom black women managed in several generations.
“Pravda, it would be excellently, if activists, in which there is this [traditional feministicheskaya] ideology, then seriously would relate to the right to bring up child, as they do relate to the right to the contraception? ”, it asked Mitchell.
The feminists of the second wave, which made quarries at the fight for the reproductive rights and access to the contraceptives, now begin to understand, which this means.
The well-known white activist of feministicheskogo motion by Gloria Staynem two weeks after the murder of Michael Brown used Facebook and published the sharp article of kolumnistki of Guardian Rebecca Carroll, which required so that the white Americans would assume more than participation in the protests on questions of racism.
“I hope that woman, in which are another, but similar reason to understand the danger, which is consisted in the tele-, and the points of view to the racial problems, which essentially differ in the interrogations of community - they will be in the chapter of changes”, it wrote Staynem.
Although Staynem it is guaranteed the more being intersected feminism, which includes and the problems of racial belonging, and gendera, its commentaries about the race in America, until now, astonish some.
The researcher of American owner's institute Christina Sommers, the author “who did steal feminism? ”, said She The People that young men in the United States, the especially colored young people, “are much more vulnerable, than their sister”, but remarks Staynem about Ferguson contradict the criticism, which it voiced earlier.
Now we have hundreds of specific routines for the girls and young women, but almost anything for the boys.
However, when the White House recently initiated small program, “watchman to brother to my” in order to help the vulnerable black and ispanogovoryashchim youths, followed angry reaction from many feminists, including from by Gloria Staynem.
Attitudes of the police with the black association - not only problem, which moves the foremost line of traditional feminism.
After the boundary service of the USA arrested about 63000 minors without the tracking on the southwest boundary of the country in this year, immigration reform again left to the surface - this time as the problem of women.
Andrea Merkado, the co-chairman of We Belong Together, organization, who mobilizes women in the support of immigration reform, said that in order to give this problem as important for the women, it should it was necessary only share with the histories of woman-immigrants.
“They speak themselves for themselves”, said Merkado.
When the overwhelming majority of working visas reveal [to immigrant-men], woman, who arrive with them, they occur in the position, vulnerable for the domestic violence and operation.
“These histories find response in female organizations”, she said.
Ipsvichskiy house “with the pig” is sold
The photograph of the house, advanced on sale in Saffolke, was removed by real-estate agents, when it seemed that the large pig, that rests in the drawing room, was depicted on it.
Advanced on sale for £120000, separate house with one bedroom costs on the particular road in Ipswich.
Detailed description differed in terms of the photograph of the drawing room of house - on which was depicted pig with the head, which is rested on the sofa.
Agency for real estate of Connells reported that pig in the photograph - domestic favorite of the owner of house.
“However, photograph was placed by mistake and already removed”, it reported the representative of company.
In the detailed description of house, Connells was described the former house of meetings as “unique separate house with one bedroom”.
In spite of the fact that the agency removed photograph from its website, it still remains in the ad materials.
Sale of house generated interest in the social networks, where they asked, some, pig together with the house is sold.
Russian tennis player Mary Sharapova, in the match of the fourth circle of US Open who yielded Carolinas Voznyatski, considers that by her stability is not sufficient.
According to the sportswoman, she wants to worthily complete year and to attempt to leave to the new level, transmits from New York Vasiliy Osipov.
How you as a whole will estimate your results at the tournaments “large helmet” in this year?
Certainly, I am glad, that was possible to defeat to “Rolan Garros”.
However, as far as other three tournaments are concerned, to me was not sufficient stability, especially in the tail pieces of some matches.
Now I am, of course, detuned.
Indeed it could not reach even before the quarter-final.
What problems you do pose before itself to the end of the season?
After offensive defeat I have enormous motivation to leave to the new level.
To me there is at how to work, and I intend to do entire possible so as to worthily complete year.
An Asian series of tournaments begins after only the pair of weeks.
The member of the committee of the State Duma on physical culture, sport and matters of young people, former world champion Nikolai Valuev proposed for the fulfillment of standards GTO to give bonuses with the entering into VUZ (Institute of Higher Education).
According to him, as a whole norms will be the same, as in the Soviet time, people they will pass norms on the pulling, run and other exercises.
Let us recall, 12 subjects of Russia will begin to inject since September 1 in their territory standards GTO.
Also I proposed to the schoolchildren, who returned GTO, to give bonuses with the entering into VUZ (Institute of Higher Education), noted Valuev.
For example, it is possible by them a little to add marks to the EGE (Unified State Exam).
There are proposals to also give additional output to the workers of the enterprises, which passed to given sport tests.
In Harvey city in southern Wales new millionaire after gain into the lottery appeared
Player into the lottery from Harvey in this month.
The search of new millionaire on the southwest from Perthes, where one happy fellow will take home almost $1.1 away million from the drawing of lottery on Saturday in the evening, is conducted.
Newspaper kiosk in Harvey brings gold in the drawing of main prize the second time in five years, past gain composed $1 million in November 2009.
However, for lucky winner it is still necessary to state about itself.
The owner of bench Steve Forvard said that the gain caused stir in the small town to the southwest from Perthes.
Entire city speaks about this, and all is very agitated.
We thought that this gain could be secret.
Eight winners from West Australia finished celebrating the gain of main prize in the past month, noting the completion of several successful weeks for the players of state.
Last week player from Kenning Veyl became one of five millionaires of August, following the enormous $7.5-millionth gain of pair of Belmonta in all for several weeks thus far.
The won pair plays narrower than twenty years and it reported that the gain presented to them the opportunity to travel around the world and to purchase new house.
Millionaire from Harvey leads the number of those won main prize in West Australia to 59 in this year, with the sum total of gain $85 of millions.
The Ministry of Economic Development it wants to accelerate an increase in the market for the electric cars
On this week of the Ministry of Economic Development the comprehensive plan of development of ecologically clean transport in Russia will introduce into the government, described the deputy director of the department of ministry Oleg Pluzhnikov on the round table, which conducted “Vedomosti” on the Moscow auto-salon - 2014.
Plan is drawn up on the commission of government, one of the basic purposes - reduction in the emissions of greenhouse gases.
It is expected that the document will be accepted at the end of September - beginning of October, he speaks Pluzhnikov, the measures proposed concern electric cars and hybrids - the plan of the development of vehicles on the gas-engine fuel in Russia already exists.
The plan (copy is in “Vedomosti”) it is calculated on 2014-2017.
Is in prospect to develop the criteria of evaluation electro and hybrid transport and to solve as to stimulate use and production of ecologically clean vehicles.
The report to the government, in which will be described the tax and customs measures of the support of electric transport, will be prepared by December 2014. ; the diagram of privilege crediting and privilege leasing will appear by April 2015. ; and proposals on reduction in the price of machines, stimulation of localization and creation of service infrastructure will be developed by October 2015.
In 2014-2015 it is intended to introduce changes in normative-legal reports in order to facilitate conditions for the building of charge infrastructure (at parkings, service stations and it is other).
Furthermore, Federal officials are intended during 2015 to formulate for the regional authorities of proposal so that those would also stimulate the use of ecologically clean transport - in the form the assignments to it of advantage with the motion and parking, for example; and by February 2016. - and proposal about the expansion of the state purchases of this transport.
Finally, the Ministry of Economic Development already by October 2014. it will introduce into the enumeration of the indices of the evaluation of the activity of the regional organs of authority the criteria, which reflect the effectiveness of the support of the production of ecologically clean transport, developments of charge infrastructure.
The market for electric cars in Russia is thus far only formed - in 2013. in the entire country are sold about 100 electric cars.
At the beginning of 2014 the import duty to the electric cars is reset to zero; therefore sales will compose approximately 500 pieces, predicts the main executive director of Mitsubishi Motors in Russia Andrey Pankov.
But also five-fold increase does not make electric cars with any noticeable: in 2013. in Russia, according to the data of the association of European business, are sold 2.78 million passenger and light commercial automobiles.
Thus far into Russia electric cars imports only Mitsubishi Motors.
To begin Renault import prepares - company is oriented, first of all, to the corporate clients, director on the strategic planning and partnerships of Nicole Remiz's Renault in Russia speaks.
However, the majority of other producers of electrical transport engaged with respect to Russia the wait and see attitude.
The developments of electric cars there is and in Russian producers - "", Gaza, "", but release scanty.
For example, in January - the July 2014; according to the data “of ASM-holding”, “AvtoVAZ (Volga Automobile Producing Association)” released 30 electric cars.
Demand is low because of the high costs of electric cars, recognizes the director “of AvtoVAZ (Volga Automobile Producing Association)” in Engineering Sergey Aman, without gospodderzhki of breakthrough in this segment it will not be….
The development of the Russian market for electric cars besides the high costs of the machines (those electric cars, that they are sold in Russia, on the average doubly more expensive than analogs with the internal combustion engines) holds in control the lack of development of charge infrastructure (servicing - one), sighs director general “auto-hundredthat” Sergey Tselikov.
Because of the high costs and low rates of reduction in the prime cost the electric cars in the next 3-4 years will remain the recessed segment of Russian market, forecasts editor in chief “Avtorevyu” Mikhail Podorozhanskiy, pillars with it agrees.
Automakers, on the contrary, indicate that some models of electric cars are already close to the cost of usual.
The Russian market for electric cars has good prospects, the main thing - to inspire confidence into the users, that “elektromobilnost” is real; to this, in particular, will contribute appearance all new charging stations, emphasizes the President of the group of BMW in Russia Wolfgang Shlimme.
Such infrastructural projects realizes, for example, state-owned company “To rosseti”: in Moscow several stations are built, will soon appear about 80 more.
The negotiations about the building of the network of servicing are conducted also with other regions.
According to the director “Rossetey” Vladimir Sofina's department, the company believes in the market for electric cars and is ready to construct servicing in the entire country, but there are the problems: a small quantity of electric cars in the country and the absence of unified standard for the charging of the electric cars of different brands.
Furthermore, “To rosseti” as net company they do not have the right to be occupied by sale to electric power, is studied the opportunity to make this with respect to the charging of electric cars.
Pankov considers most effective measure of gospodderzhki of the forming in Russia of the market for electric cars the resetting to zero of customs duties.
Zero rate will act to the end of 2014, the opportunity of its prolongation, expanding the privilege list is studied.
The replacement of transport tax to the ecological (idea it is discussed and it concerns all machines) will also support market, but not as it is perceptible as customs preferences, are counted Pankov.
Transport tax in Russia is small, he speaks Pankov, in the difference, for example, from Norway, where reduction in the tax led to a sharp increase in sales of electric cars - on them it is now 12% of market.
In Russia are necessary the stimulating measures for the auto-owners, for example free parking in the city center (as already they made in Moscow), it were confident Pankov, or the opportunity of the movement of electric cars by the dedicated lanes, which in Russia as yet is not.
In Colorado broke the private airplane
The single-engined aircraft of Piper PA-46 broke in the U.S. state of Colorado.
Three of five people, that are found in it, died, transfers ITAR-TASS.
Those survived are delivered into the hospital.
Emergency occurred in several kilometers from the takeoff and landing strip of the airport of Denver city.
The reasons for tragedy now are established.
Donets region they examine with the captured militants of battalion “Donbass”.
Chastisers they surrounded under Ilovayskom.
They were devoted by their own commanders, and tens of power figures died under the firing.
Those, who survived, indicate that if b they knew, which in reality situation on the southeast of Ukraine, to war they would not go.
108 prisoners can be named happy fellows.
Chastisers from the battalion “Donbass” remained living after that “meat grinder”, into which they fell under Ilovayskom.
In the environment of the army of Donets people republic the militants conducted several days, actually been cast by their commanders and authorities of Ukraine.
When they reported from the staff that “the ring” it is possible to leave along allegedly the corridor given, column moved.
But literally through the pair of minutes from all sides began to whistle projectiles and bullets.
“Judging by that information, which to me they gave, had the corridor, us they permitted to leave, says and. the Is. of the deputy commander of battalion, which has call “Lermontov”.
And when we between the many-field system and Chervonoselskim went down into the low place, began cross fire from the anti-tank guided missiles, from “zushek”, grenade launchers of 30-milimetrovykh, automatic guns BMD, small arms.
In front of me dispatch four machines and from behind three, as a result of the machines remained only two.
Officer with the call sign “Lermontov” says: practically immediately died not less than 60 people, ten were injured, many died already then.
Those now render medical aid the survived militants, whom they arrived to kill.
Prisoners are now surprised so that the so-called “terrorists” turn with them well, give food, drugs.
While our own commanders they actually deceived them and doomed to certain death.
They betrayed simply us, they say.
Column, entire battalion so that they would destroy it.
In the battalion “Donbass” as its many comrades, Aleksey it entered by volunteer, indeed in the Ukrainian news they told about the atrocities, which allegedly made on the southeast “the separatists”.
Already here Aleksey saw entirely different picture.
Its mother in Lugansk killed - and not someone, but Ukrainian servicemen.
Friend rang me, described that the mortar firing goes on, that most likely these are the Ukrainian armed forces, tells one of the soldiers, Aleksey.
I after this wanted to leave from the battalion.
Us they did not let out from Ilovayska, they said that we in the ring.
I agreed already with the commander, report already wrote about the withdrawal.
Us from the collections Zurakhovo they immediately transported into Ilovaysk.
According to the prisoners, in “the boiler” under Ilovayskom they got stuck man 300-350.
Now some surviving acknowledge that if it was possible to turn time backwards, they on no account did not enter the punitive battalion.
All prisoners militiamen communicated to power figures DNR.
They will verify each to the participation to the war crimes.
In the region the staff on the limitation of prices of the products is created
In Krasnoyarsk edge created the staff, which will if necessary limit an increase in the prices of the products on the market for region.
Decree about the creation of this structure is already signed.
Into the composition of staff the members of the government of edge entered, the representatives of executive power and regulatory departments.
Everything together they will follow the prices of the agricultural production in the edge.
To news the economy - will compensate Kiev “of Rosneft” $140 million losses?
The head “of Rosneft” Igor Sechin stated that the company evaluates damage from the firing of Lisichanskogo oil refinery in the Ukraine in $140 million.
On this it reported in the interview for Spiegel.
“We evaluate damage in $140 million and we will conduct the negotiations with the Ukrainian government about the payment to compensation”, stated Sechin.
According to him, the putting into commission modernized by company Lisichanskiy oil refinery was planned in 2014.
However, the part of the plant was destroyed by Ukrainian artillery.
“There there were no combat, there were no “dig ining themselves rebels”, but Ukrainian artillery destroyed the part of the industrial object.
Furthermore, disappeared technological oil, shaken into the pipes”, he, said.
Let us recall, on July 18 in connection with the firing of Lisichanskogo oil refinery burned storage tank of oil and the buildings of two storages were destroyed.
Lisichanskiy oil refinery - the basic oil refinery in the Ukraine, the first turn of enterprise is introduced in build in October 1976.
The total power of Lisichanskogo oil refinery is about 7 mln t of petroleum raw material per year.
Plant is capable to let out the fuel- standard “of the Euros-4”, and also the parties of the diesel fuel of standard “Euro-5”.
In March 2012. the deliveries to oil to the Lisichanskiy oil refinery were stopped in connection with its unprofitability.
In enterprise it was decided to begin repair.
In year “Rosneft” was obtained Lisichanskiy oil refinery together with other Ukrainian assets of TNK-BP.
PDRK (People's Democratic Republic of Korea) produced the starting of the projectile of short distance to the side of Sea of Japan.
As South Korean media outlets report, this occurred near 10:30 the morning local time from the side of the province of Chagang Province, which is located on the border of North Korea and China.
As they described “to Interfax” in the united Joint Chiefs of Staff of South Korea, supposedly, rocket fell into Sea of Japan after it flew about 220 kilometers.
Ruble falls against the background the geopolitical pressure
On the Moscow exchange the dollar grew during the discovery by 3 kopecks to 37.15 rub, ruble was reduced to the bivalyutnoy basket against the background of geopolitical tension.
Tradings on YeTS on the dollar started by the transactions in the range 37,11 of -37.2 rub/$1, on the average in two minutes the course was fixed at the level 37.16 rub/$1, this on 4 kopecks higher than the level of previous closing.
The exchange value of the Euro was 48.79 rub for 1 Euro, this on 3 kopecks higher than the level of previous closing.
The price of bivalyutnoy basket added 3.5 kopecks and was 42.395 rub
US dollar is traded on 23 kopecks higher than the official course, Euro - on 16 kopecks higher than the official course.
Russian market on Friday August 29, continued a swift decrease; however, panic in this time it was not observed.
It continued to become cheaper and ruble even updated historical maximum to the dollar.
Now investors already previously win back worsening in the geopolitical situation and possible new sanctions to Russia.
However, thus far this greater it is similar to artificial hysterics, bulging through the media outlets, especially Western.
The versions of introduction new sanctions to RF not so there are already many.
TeleTrade “during the discovery of Moscow exchange ruble continues sharp weakening against the bivalyutnoy basket.
Geopolitical background remains the determining factor.
However, if soon we do not see new negative, and Russian indices, and positions of national currency can be corrected.
“Orenburg airlines” will be judged with “the Ideal-stage”
“Orenburg airlines” produced “for Ideal-stage” actions for the sum total of 4.7 billion rubles.
The discussion deals with two matters, sessions on which will take place in October.
Examine the matters there will be different judges.
As reports “Interfax”, the first action was given on August 14.
Its sum only is more than 425 million rubles.
Session on it is assigned on October 7.
Second claim was given on August 18.
Its sum of 4.24 billion rubles.
Session on it is assigned on October 2.
As reported to journalists in the Russian union of turindustrii, judge in the matters were assigned different.
In July in media outlets appeared information about the debts “of Ideal-stage” before “Orenburg aviliniyami” in total 1.5 billion rubles.
The director general of airline Victor Zyukin speaks about the sum into 1.6 billion rubles.
The director general “of Aeroflot” Vitalius Savelyev calls still large sum - two billion rubles.
Twitter tried to become more interestingly for the new users
The service of the microblogs of Twitter changed the process of registering the users in order to more rapidly implicate new participants into active interaction with the platform.
This measure must reduce a quantity of thrown their microblogs people.
The now new users of Twitter will examine during the registration the large number rekommendovannykh by the service of accounts in order to immediately compose its circle of reading.
Recommendations are comprised on the basis indicated interests of the indicated with the registration.
In this case Twitter automatically establishes mark on the subscription for all automatically selected accounts.
Because of this for user it is necessary to singlehandedly remove marks in order not to read those, who to it are not interesting.
If earlier the users of the service of microblogs saw only avatarki of recommended users, then now Twitter derives model of one of the popular tweets of blogger in order to help to compose impression about the man.
This is large change in the page of the registration of Twitter in past three years.
Recently Twitter actively works at the modernization of service.
This activity is connected with the continuous attempts of the service to, first of all, reach freedom of loss.
In 2014 the service of microblogs encountered the retardation of increase in the user base and drop in the activity of the readers.
Company at the given moment desperately needs a larger quantity of loyal to the resource of the users, who, after visiting once, would remain for a long time.
To only so it is possible ensure the stable flow of advertising means.
The day of knowledge in Moscow will be chilly and rainy
The first of September in the Moscow region during only day will be cool and rainy, meteorologists report.
The temperature of air in Moscow will be from 16 to 18 degrees, in the Moscow area - 13-18 degrees.
With weather the cloudy with the clearings by places will pass the rains, wind eastern fourth in this case will be sufficiently weak - only 3-8 meters per second.
The program of the utilization of automobiles was renewed since September 1
Since September 1 in Russia the action of program on the utilization of automobiles is renewed.
10 billion rubles will be until December 31, 2014 isolated into these purposes.
As explained the head of Minpromtorga RF Denis Manturov, money separated from the limits, which are already brought to the ministry of industry and trade RF by redistribution from other directions of support.
Program will touch all motor vehicles of older than six years.
The sum of compensation will be from 40,000 for the car to 350,000 rubles for the cargo.
Earlier in Russia already acted a similar program of the utilization of automobiles.
A main difference in the current project, explained minister, in the fact that now is assumed not only the utilization of machines for obtaining the subsequent reduction, but also opportunity if automobile reached the age of more than six years, to acquire new with the reduction during the delivery of old in “treyd-it was other” in the dealer, transfers “Interfax”.
To the previous federal program of utilization, which acted from January 1, 2010 to December 31, 2011, were spent more than 16 billion rubles.
Because of it, the level of output of cars in 2010 comprised the order of 1,2 million pieces (this plus 101.4% according to the relation by 2009).
The creator of Coming Out Simulator will release game about contemporary journalism
Geymdizayner to Nikki Keys, known on the game of Coming Out Simulator decided to release game about contemporary journalism.
It described about its project in the interview for Kill Screen.
Keys began the work on the game several weeks ago; however, wide reputation this fact obtained only now.
Events in Ferguson, where now go the protests, which were begun after policeman it killed unarmed black adolescent, became the source of inspiration for the game.
In the focus of the project, which does not thus far have a name, will be that, as the information illumination of histories it influences their consequences.
To the hero of game, to civil journalist, will have to photograph proceeding in the regions, where the skirmishes between the police and population occur.
Hero can differently photograph proceeding, which will influence the course of events.
If it removes scene so that by policemen they will appear by heroes, and those protesting - by bandits, the police will begin better to it to relate and to release there, where usual person cannot pass.
If it will illuminate events otherwise, its photographs can convert peaceful protests into the scale riot.
Glasses in the game will have to collect with the aid of Twitter the hero, in whom new subscribers will appear, if photographs the lined there prove to be popular.
Game does not thus far have a name.
The date of output and platform, on which it will appear, they are unknown.
Keys, however, published the image, which demonstrates, as event it can change in the dependence on that how photograph about it is made and processed
In the interview for Kill Screen Keys explained that he considered the concept of this game sufficiently long ago; however, originally he wanted to dedicate to its not protests in the USA, but to events in the Gaza Strip.
After it began to gather material for the game, geymdizayner realized, that to it are not sufficient knowledge and habits for illuminating the history of region.
However, when he saw, as the media illuminate events in Ferguson, it decided to make a game on the motives of that occurred.
Of Nikki Keys is the independent developer, who lets out browser games.
Coming Out Simulator, which left in 2014, became its most known project.
This game, in which it is told about the events from Keys's himself biography, is dedicated how bisexual adolescent it attempts to describe about its relations to gomofobnym parents.
By Geletey it pulls Ukraine during bloodshed
By the call to be prepared for next “tens of thousands” of victims the Minister of Defense of Ukraine Valerie Geletey pulls people during bloody opposition, it speaks herself in the communication to the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation.
“In Moscow they, of course, focused attention on the statements of the head of the Ukrainian military department of Valerie Geleteya, who stated about “the completion of operation on the release of the east of Ukraine from the terrorists” and beginning “the World War II”, losses in which will be calculated “by tens of thousands”.
The degree of the adequacy of the head of the military department of Ukraine, which published on its page in Facebook the mentioned post, object for investigating the specialists not in the military affairs”, it is said in the communication of Russian diplomats.
They with difficulty believe that similar statements can belong to the Minister of Defense of civilized state.
The Minister of Defense of Ukraine wrote on Monday on his page in Facebook: “Along the unofficial channels Russian side already several times threatened, that in the case of continuing the resistance they were ready to use against us tactical nuclear weapon”.
In this case he stated that “the operation on the release of the east of Ukraine” was completed.
Perez Hilton removed all intimate photographs of stars and apologized himself
Today horror enveloped more than 60 stars of Hollywood.
Hackers forced open primitive passwords in iCloud (depository of the data) in the smartphones, after which their intimate photographs appeared on the site of the blogger of Hilton's Pereza.
True, temporarily.
Let us recall, the official representative of the star “hungry games” Jennifer Lawrence already reported the theft of photographs from its cell phone, and he also confirmed that all photographs, which “shine” in the network they are authentic.
Perez Hilton - creator of similar site-tabloida, Jennifer Lawrence brought apologies to actress and her colleagues on the shop for the publication of their frank photographs, The Independent writes.
No, me no one forced to make this.
Their agents were not connected with me.
But now I will remove frank photos Jennifer Lawrence and Victoria Dzhastis”, wrote blogger in Twitter.
However, all frank photographs of stars already dispersed along the network.
David Beckham fell in road accident, being hidden from paparatstsi
David Beckham fell in road accident on the motorcycle, escaping from paparatstsi.
This occurred in Los Angeles on the turning on the avenue It sanset.
British football player was finished by injury and tension of the muscles of right hand.
Beckham left the Tatu-salon, where it waited paparatstsi.
Slipping off from their pursuit on the motorcycle, it did not manage on the turning control and fell, TMZ with the reference to sources the close to the football player writes.
As a result Beckham obtained injury, tension of the muscles of right hand and scratch.
Tony Stewart crashes, after returning to the track
Tony Stewart's return to the track ended with already a little more than in the middle of race on Atlanta Motor Speedway.
Stewart crashed into in the wall the second time after its right front tire it was torn on 172 circles, after putting an end to his appearance.
Stewart brought his shabby machine to the garage and then he left, without talking with the reporters.
The leader of his command of Ched Johnston said that 14 crew members were detuned, but now they will be concentrated on the race into the following output in Richmond, Virginia.
“Me it would like to be the more successful attempt and more successful finish for it”, Johnston said.
We will go in Richmond and, I hope, it will there come out better.
Stewart first crashed into the wall earlier in the race by Sunday evening after collision with the pick by Bush, which required the repair of the right side of his machine.
“I began present day with the sufficiently large hope successfully to arrive at the finish”, said Johnston, after adding, “simply it did not come out”.
Soon after the second emergency, Stewart's machine was submerged on evacuator, and command was assembled and it was ready to leave.
Stewart passed three races of NASCAR Sprint Cup after its machine it brought down and it killed another driver during the race along the ground route on the north of the state of New York.
It decided to return on this week, and it should it was necessary win either in Atlanta or on the following races in Richmond in order to participate in the pursuit.
It returned to the work during the investigation of the tragic incident, as a result of which died 20-year Kevin Ward Mladshiy, which left to the route in order to express dissatisfaction to Stewart during the race.
Already two weeks reported law-enforcement agencies on Friday that the trial of the reason for emergency will be continued, at least.
The solution about that, will be for Stewart produced charge, it was not accepted.
Triple champion was encountered by loud exclamations and applause, when they presented it before the race.
Starting from 12-oy the position, Stewart went in first 10 at the beginning of race, after reaching the fourth position.
Then on 122 circles after restart Bush's number.
machine 18 descended from the trajectory at the output from turning 2 and crashed into Stewart, after pushing both machines into the wall.
Stewart continued, but he remained to 21-oy the position.
Sobchak and Vitorgan breakfast by cigarettes with the Zhvanetskim in Odessa
Ksenia Sobchak and Maxim Vitorgan now are situated in Odessa, about which TV-anchor she did not fail to report in its to Instagram.
True, one photograph greatly astonished and very confused the worshippers of pair.
Photograph is made in Zhvanetskogo.
“At the breakfast in Mikhail Mikhalych Zhvanetskogo Maxim explains what is instagramm: " #odessa”, signed photograph Ksenia Sobchak.
However, besides cigarette on the table nothing it is present.
No coffee, rolls, oil and other…
The worshippers of pair solved, that Ksyusha also smokes, and they condemned it for this.
“A cigarettes are whose? , “smoking kills! ”, “what that cigarette breakfast)”, “like at the breakfast, and on the table only cigarettes) "”, “Xenia, you do also smoke? ”, agitated for their favorite the subscribers of its blog.
Let us recall, recently Sobchak it bragged of the fact, such as tasty supper for the first time in the life prepared by it Maxim Vitorgan.
“Happiness-this when you arrive to the dacha, and husband by your arrival prepared supper (for the first time in the conjugal life, then what tasty. the main thing so that now at the end of supper he would not say by words from the anecdote: “so that now so each day it would be”, bragged of her husband Ksenia Sobchak.
It is evident in the photograph that Maxim prepares something with the zeal, while pickles and baked hen are already given on the table.
Prison employees of Bulgaria conducted national protest
Hundreds of prison employees from entire Bulgaria conducted national protest before the Ministry of Justice in the capital of the country of Sofia.
In the course of peaceful demonstration they repeated their requirements to return the previous working conditions, which were recently changed.
An increase in the wages also enters into the enumeration of the requirements, which will be discussed with temporarily acting the Minister of Justice Christ Ivanov.
In the course of the month the officers expressed symbolic protest against the new operating schedule, requiring returning previous 24-hour changes.
In spite of the fact that the trade union of prison employees repeatedly met with the representatives of the Ministry of Justice, agreement was not achieved, reports Bulgarian national radio (BNR).
Negotiations continue, reported BNR the head of main administration for the performance of the punishments of Rosen Zhelyazkov.
It is expected that the members of the federation of the trade unions of the colleagues of the ministry of internal affairs will be joined to the protest of the trade union of prison employees.
Army controls the new government of Thailand
General Prayut (to the right) it appointed to the post of the Minister of Defense of Pravita Vongsuvana (to the left)
Military ruler and Prime Minister of Thailand General Prayut vat-Ocha it declared the composition of the new cabinet of ministers of country, in which more than third posts occupy the Generals or Generals of retired.
The representatives of army obtained the key posts: the Ministers of Defense, finances, foreign affairs and trade.
On Monday They prayut vat-Ocha it was officially affirmed in the post of Prime Minister following the fact, as the king of Thailand it officially approved the designation of the head of temporary military government to this post.
60-year serviceman, who took authority in the country as a result of the bloodless coup d'etat on May 22, was unopposed candidate for the premerskiy post.
It was selected by Prime Minister at the sitting of Parliament.
Previously army appointed members of parliament.
According to Prayuta the vat-Ocha, revolution were the only method to preserve stability.
It preceded demonstrations the continued half a year, in course of which those protesting required the resignation of Prime Minister Yinglak's government Chinavat.
Officially They prayut vat-Ocha he will be temporary Premier, since the servicemen plan to conduct general election at the end of 2015.
However, there are the fears that the servicemen attempt to strengthen their authority in the country.
Servicemen came to power on May 22
against the background complete paralysis of civil authority.
The leaders of basic political parties were subjected to temporary arrest.
Immediately after the arrival of servicemen at the authority they subjected to the temporary arrest of the chief politicians of the country, including Prime Minister Yinglyk Chinavat.
Were detained also some journalists and public figures.
Current political crisis departs by roots in 2006, when army displaced from the post of the Prime Minister of the brother of Yinglyk Chinavat of taxin.
Both of them enjoy popularity among the rural population, especially in the northern regions of the country, which repeatedly ensured with them success on the elections.
However, many representatives of middle class and capital elite entered into the antigovernment motion, which it since November 2013 practically paralyzed the country.
No one indicated that in the lettuce of mussel they will be better, I to you this did not promise, jokes back waitress from new brasserii of Palm.
It is necessary to formally recognize that this is actual so, but reason and stomach remain inflexible.
Indeed everyone have long ago known: we speak “Belgium” - we imply mussels, we tell “mussel” - we imply “Belgium”.
Restaurateurs love thoughtfully to declare, that the success of institution depends on three factors: this location, location and again location.
Is such places, located not that in order to good, but even is excellent, but some nevezuchie.
It is shorter, after sitting after the table of Palm, I recalled that there was once here the cafe “town” (in the honor of that telecast itself), then “Odessa-mom”, and another restaurant “Bozhole” and beer “friendship”.
Now here again beer, but no longer nostalgic-Soviet, but Belgian.
Above the earth was placed only the tip of the iceberg: Barnay counter and pair of tables, all the remaining space it is deprived even hint to the sunlight.
Then it is here gay as in the children's room: red, yellow and green walls, many-colored stulchiki, instead of the windows - televisions, where girl-mermaids swim.
Belgian institutions in Petersburg long ago no longer into the novelty, so that to compare there is with which.
Here eight forms of pouring beer (260-300 rubles for 0.5 l) and countless many bottle (170-1550 rubles).
Sociable-positive waitress gaily presents menu, saying, that “mussel - substantial large seeds”, and he it must be noted: specifically, service, in spite of the separate shortages, the very silver lining of Palm.
Menu is expected in the content, but often very unexpectedly on the performance.
Well coma it is, for example, given to foresee, that meat meat loaf with the Walloon prunes (280 rubles) - in reality karpachcho, cut moreover so is thin, that parchment paper in comparison with it will seem material ugly thick.
To feel some taste although is possible, only if we rake up at once poltarelki.
The matter is still worse with the lettuces.
Classical lezhskiy (260) most right would be to recognize as crime against the Belgian people: some pozhukhlyy iceberg, the boiled once very long potato, boggy is Kenyan bean, hardened potato chips from the bacon plus for some purpose marinovannyy bow.
With this lezhskim lettuce you will wish meeting no one!
The composition of the ingredients of Belgian lettuce was partially other, but impression was not also characterized by positive.
If to the nedozrevshie bottles of the tomatoes of cherri or over-cooked agarics still it was possible to shut eyes, then why mussels appear then, as if several times had time to defrost and to boil for their its life!
Indeed I already know: here there are completely normal White Sea mussels!
They will be given in the saucepans “in the sauce to your selection” (490-560 rubles for 0.5 kg).
The sauces of half dozen, that from the white wine, celery and morkovki, frankly it did not assign.
Vegetables exist, and aroma is absent, yes even there was there wine, so it remained puzzle.
Then are good frity with the domestic mayonnaise relying to the mussels.
Hen of vaterzoy here - not the soup, thick to such an extent, that depending on mood can solve, the first or second dish before you, but simply pleasant creamy supchik.
It was declared, that the local cook prepares rabbit in the beer sauce, and nothing discussion centered on rosemary.
For the check the situation proved to be diametrically opposite: rosemary muffled everything by itself.
Was formed impression, that this rabbit with the life they fed with exceptionally rosemary bushes, why meat acquired so unusual an aroma.
But in this case to the leg of rabbit was applied remarkable is not, simply excellent pear in the caramelized crust.
Wafers in Palm propose not only sweet, but also substantial - with the beef, hen or bacon and cheese (220-280).
Maple sauce proved to be superfluously it was watery, and wafers were dryish.
But that approached the table manager very informally inquired by dinner impressions.
It means, it is worth arriving again.
The exchange value of dollar rose on MICEX [Moscow Interbank Currency Exchange] above of 37 rubles on the news about new sanctions with respect to Russia the prepared with the West.
This is new historical record.
Dollar by calculations “tomorrow” for 10:29 msk [Moscow Time] grew by 26.9 kopecks and was 37.02 rubles, the exchange value of the Euro rose to 30 kopecks - to 48.73 rubles, testify the data of Moscow exchange.
Bivalyutnaya basket grew by 28 kopecks to the level of previous closing and cost 42.28 rubles.
Before the Crimean events dollar reached maximum on February 19, 2009 - then it cost 36.43 rubles, and on March 3, 2014 it was already 37.005 rubles.
On August 29 the White House reported on the night that the President of the USA Barack Obama and chancellor of Germany Angela Merkel discuss the opportunity of the introduction of additional sanctions against Russia.
Weakening ruble bears long-term nature, both paired with the Euro and paired with the dollar.
Extended forecast assumed this mark, says senior analyst Anna Bodrov's “Alpari”.
Everything, which is connected with Ukraine, will be one way or another reflected in the courses.
Thus far this will continue, investors will react.
Today rumors apropos of the invasion of the troops are confirmed not from one side, but market proved to be very emotional.
All conversations about the fact that it was resistant to similar news, yesterday were crossed.
Week, according to the forecasts of specialist, will be shut near these levels - 36.90 and 37.05 rubles for the dollar.
Tax period ended, price of oil weak, policy, sanction, the problem of the transit of the gas through Ukraine - all this the components of one chain.
Is forecast also the acceleration of the inflation: to the current prices for the autumn it will be added from 5 to 10%.
Seasonal vegetables and fruits soon moreover will end, and certain vacuum will set in, until networks are reoriented to other suppliers.
“Dollar approached the mark into 37 rubles, it passed it and returned conversely, some there is no powerful hysterics, comments on the division head of the analysis of markets “discovery broker” Constantine Bushuev.
They will still look, they will introduce the on Saturday promised sanctions, as NATO will sit.
Ruble, according to him, sharply it weakened after the completion of tax season, then went the news on Ukraine moreover TsB he last week stated that before the end of the year completely it passes to the floating course and rejects any currency interventions.
If we look at the day fluctuation, then it differed in no way from the previous in the course of this month, all it frightened precisely mark into 37 rubles, continues analyst.
But so, in the plan of revolution nothing powerful it occurred.
Alarming times for the currency market were, I will remember, when at the end of January was noted the increased demand for the currency, and also third March, when TsB dispatched a record quantity of currency.
IN UFS IC they see the positive side of weakening ruble.
First of all, these are an income growth part of the budget of the export operations, and also an increase in the competitive ability of internal producers due to the rise in price of import, the chief analyst of UFS IC Aleksey Kozlov speaks.
Up to the negative moments can be attributed an increase in the cost of imported goods and services.
The sharp fluctuations of Russian currency considerably decrease the attractiveness of investment into the Russian economy, they provoke an increase in the inflation pressure and, as a result, become reason the rises in price of the borrowing of cash resources, which, in turn, impedes the development of the economy of the country.
If we speak about the equity market, the depreciation of ruble somewhat smooths out the reduction in the prices on the action, expressed in the rubles.
For an example, the index of MICEX [Moscow Interbank Currency Exchange] in the course of the tradings of Thursday was reduced by 1.67%, and index RTS lost 3.27%.
So essential a difference in the relative value of reduction in the indices is explained by weakening ruble during the day more than to 1.5%.
Weakening ruble bears emotional nature and is explained by the mass tendency to purchase currency.
_as show practice, gradual emotion come to naught na net, and quotation ruble partial or completely restore lose position.
“We assume, soon we will be able to see the relationship of dollar and Russian currency near the level of 36 rubles for the dollar”, notes Aleksey Kozlov.
Genetic disturbance frequently incorrectly is diagnosed
Britanka reported that it conducted many years, thinking that it will die, after the incorrectly set diagnosis.
Kerin Rodzhers conducted the large part of its teenage period, thinking that it remained to live a total of several years, after in it they diagnosed another illness.
In reality, it had disease Charcot-Marie-mulberry (SHMT) - the group of the hereditary disturbances, which lead to the damage of nerves out of the brain and spine.
The charitable institution of CMT UK reported that the incorrectly set diagnosis - frequent problem among the people with SHMT, because so little it is known about this state.
In approximately 23000 people in Great Britain, supposedly, are located by SHMT, which can cause the motor symptoms, such as muscular weakness, the uncertain gait and the gathered toes.
Patients can perceive numbness or pain, and state is not cured and progresses, which means that the symptoms are strengthened in the course of time.
When Rodzhers was 13, she thought that it suffers from ataxia of Fridreykha (AF) - the state, forecast for which was very poor.
Rodzhers thought that it will be riveted to the invalid armchair when by it will be 18, and it will die before by it will be carried out by 30.
The mother of two children, by whom now 51, she said: “By child I knew that I cannot make that the fact that others.
I each day fell, and in me to everything more than time departed.
I never could roller-skate or skateboard with other children, and must by me much jeered in the school because of that how I walked and ran.
Rodzhers said that when by it there were 13, after several operations in order to free Achilles tendon and to straighten stops, it glanced into the medical map, when its doctor it left the room, and it was there written, that in it AF.
“I felt itself guilty, because thrust nose, where it does not follow, and therefore I said no one, but I returned home, found information about this state in the library and wrote in the association AF”, she said.
When I obtained information as the answer, I was shaken and tested most terrible panic, such as is only possible.
I thought that I will be in the invalid armchair into 18 and I will die before to me it will be carried out by 25, and that I will gradually lose all my abilities in this space.
I penetrated this one, and I planned her own burials.
She said that when by it was carried out by 17, she understood that its ability to walk did not deteriorate as, as she thought, and it asked about this its doctor.
It simply arose, it embraced me and he said: “My expensive, I do not think that in you this illness, because you was already in the invalid armchair”.
I think in you something which presents much smaller threat for the life.
After several genetic inspections in it found SHMT.
“When it explained what SHMT is, I thought that extended the happy ticket”, she said.
The charitable institution SHMT of Great Britain declared the month of information about SHMT in order to attempt to draw attention to this illness.
The tax burden to the owners of Washington zone grows in proportion to economic redevelopment
The restored economy indicates more than clients, are more than sales new jobs.
This also indicates more heavy taxes.
Calculations to the payment of taxes on the state and at the local level for the companies for the entire country, moderately increased in the past year, when was accelerated economic redevelopment, according to the data of the new study, published last week, and company in the Washington zone - not exception.
Companies in the region, Maryland and Virginia together paid off $27.6 billions into the treasury of state and at the local level in the financial 2013, 3.8 percent higher than $26.6 billion, assembled in 2012.
The tax burden to the business on the state and at the local level in the past year increased by 4.3 percent, to $671 billions, in comparison with 3.9 percent by year it is earlier, and this was the third contract the year of an increase in the afterward going after each other years, when calculations decreased, into 2009 and 2010.
The taxes, collected by state, grew more rapidly, 4.3 percent than local taxes, 3.9 percent, according to the data of study, which was carried out by firm, which renders professional services, Ernst & Young and by the Center for the taxation of state, with group on the fiscal policy.
Are more than half of tax revenues in the region, 56 percent, it is fallen to the taxes to the owners, whereas 36 percent of tax revenues of Maryland are fallen to the firms.
Virginia, with 28 percent, brings the smallest volume of tax revenues, it is proportional, from the owners.
To the high degree an increase in tax revenues is caused by recovery to the previous level of the cost of real estate of companies, researchers say that it raised taxes to real estate by 3.7 percent in this year after three years in a row, when increase comprised less than 1 percent.
While the high portion of these enterings is fallen to the large states, such as California, New York and Texas, seems that the same occurs also in the Washington zone.
Companies in the region, Maryland and Virginia together paid off $10 billion taxes to real estate on the state and at the local level in the past year, to $9.6 billions more than into 2012- increase by 4.2 percent, in comparison with the previous year.
However, the observed return to cost to real estate does not have any similar effect on an increase in tax revenues on the state and at the local level in Maryland, where the taxes to real estate hardly exceed one the fifth the tax calculations of companies.
The companies of Virginia and region Columbia pay out about half of tax calculations for the state and at the local level in the form of taxes to real estate.
“Which occurs in Maryland - this that this large part of their real estate, especially tax base around the region Columbia, belong either to government or nonprofit organization, which do not pay taxes to real estate”, said Douglas Lindholm, executive director of the Center for the taxation of state.
Thus, Maryland is forced much more to rely, for example, on the income taxes in order to pay the same services, which there is in other states.
A recent increase in tax revenues from the owners cannot be completely explained by the restoration of real estate market.
The incomes of owners are also, it seems, they proceed with correction, according to these data.
Companies in the region proclaimed the corporate income tax at the level of state in the size of $2.3 billions, to $2.1 billions greater than into 2012.
Maryland assembled $1 billion corporate enterings of the income tax, most of all in the region.
Although the tendencies are directed in one direction, the tax burden of owners at the local level does not increase with the identical speed in all three localities.
The level of increase in the region Columbia was at the same level, as average in the country, 4.3 percent, whereas increase in Maryland was substantially more rapidly, 4.9 percent.
In Virginia was only observed lifting tax revenues below average, equal to 4.1 percent.
In Virginia there was the lowest corporate income tax of three jurisdictions (each has of which identical corporate rate), equal to 6 percent.
In Maryland corporate rate is 8.25 percent, whereas in the region it relatively high - 9.975 percent.
A similar study of the Chamber of Commerce of the USA earlier in this year showed that in Virginia below taxes for the owners on the state and at the local level and, as a whole, more favorable climate in the fact that taxes for the owners, than in Maryland.
Region was not evaluated at this study.
In spite of its advantage, Virginia experiences competitory pressure from the side of its neighbor from the south.
North Carolina recently signed the legislative act, which decreases corporate rate in this year from 6.9 percent to 6 percent, just as in Virginia, and rate will fall to 5 percent in the following year.
If state continues to achieve goals on tax revenues in the following year, this law could bring the rate of the income tax for the owners even to 3 percent by 2017.
Meanwhile, small business in the Washington zone is, it seems, feels itself better and, thus, pays out more than taxes on the state and at the local level, according to a recent study.
The taxes for the owners, paid out in the form of the individual income tax by the owners of small business - transitional structure, according to which is arranged the majority of small firms - in the region Columbia, Maryland and Virginia grew by 20 percent in the past year to $2.4 billions, with the much larger rate of growth, than taxes for predprinimately as a whole.
Researchers say that a trend and increase in the revenue from the taxes by the business in the entire country, most likely, will be preserved in this year, with the enterings of turnover tax in the governments of state and at the local level, that grew by 6.2 percent for the first three quarters of 2014 in comparison with the same period of last year.
However, Washington zone can lag, since reduction in the federal expenditures affects the labor market in the region.
The Bronze Age of Russian judo
Domestic world championship on judo brought silver and seven bronze rewards team Russia two.
According to this index the Russians yielded by only main favorite of competitions - team Japan.
Tournament in Chelyabinsk started on Monday, whereas and the first day brought silver medal to Russian command.
Its possessor became Beslan Mudranov, that appeared in the category to 60 kg.
In this case in the equal final fight with Boldbaatarom Ganbatom from Mongolia the outcome of opposition solved only one remark, obtained by Russian.
But here the second day of tournament became most successful for team Russia - were on Tuesday conquered immediately three medals.
In the man competitions in the category to 66 kg silver was reached to Mikhail Pulyaev, and bronze - to Kamalu the khan-Magomedovu.
In the final duel the Russian yielded to world champion of 2011 and 2013 to Japanese of Masasi to Ebinume.
Khan-Magomed, at the chetvertfinalnoy stage that lost to a compatriot, victoriously passed on the consoling tournament and he became the possessor of bronze reward.
In the female tournament of category to 52 kg also the third step of the pedestal of honor reached Natalie Kuzyutina.
In the semi-final it lost to the acting champion of peace Maylinde of Kelmendi from Kosovo, which on this championship came out under the flag of the international federation of judo and successfully protected title.
In the dispute for the bronze of Kuzyutina won Ms. Wu Yinan from China, but she nevertheless acknowledged after the end of tournament that the third place - this nothing of the kind, for what it counted.
And again by obstacle in the path of Russian woman to gold became Kelmendi, that conquered Kuzyutinu earlier in the finale of the championship of Europe.
During the third day of tournament in Chelyabinsk bronze into the money box team Russia assumed Musa Mogushkov, that was being battled in the category to 73 kg.
In the quarter-final its offender became the former representative of Moldavia Victor Skovortsov, now speaking in favor of command United Arab Emirates.
However, then Russian won two struggles and he became the possessor of reward.
Mogushkov it came out on the domestic championship with the injury of golenostopa, which it plans to heal soon; therefore will take pause in the competitions.
However, as far as ex-MoldovaNina Skvortsov is concerned, it and it at this tournament reached the bronze medal.
It is interesting as its another compatriot, who accepted the sport citizenship of the United Arab Emirates, Ivan Remarenko with the bronze completed the appearance in the category to 100 kg.
The fourth day ChM-2014 also brought one bronze, which in the category to 81 kg conquered Ivan Nifontov to Russians.
In the heavy battle of small finale it due to the remark in rival defeated the Frenchman of Alan Schmidt.
At the tournament were on Friday developed immediately three complete sets of rewards, but Russians according to tradition limited to one bronze in the man tournament to 90 kg.
Cyril Voprosov became its possessor, moreover team Russia this medal was guaranteed: its rival on the consoling finale was a compatriot Cyril Denisov.
However, struggle itself it did not take place: the rival of Voprosova could not leave on by tatami because of the injury.
Man bronze was conquered by owners, also, during the sixth day of competitions - it into the money box of composite placed rhenate Saidov, who appeared in the category of more than 100 kg.
In the consoling finale it gained the clean victory above the Brazilian by David Mouroy.
The individual part of the world superiority thus was completed.
In the last day of tournament in Chelyabinsk, on Sunday, were developed the series titles of peace in the command competitions.
Both Russian teams - and man, and female - were some of the main aspirants to the rewards, but, as in the individual competitions, to representatives the fair sex it did not transport - they did not reach the medal.
But here Russian dzyudoisty conquered command silver.
In the decisive opposition they in the persistent fight with the score 2-3 yielded to the main favorites of competitions - command of Japan.
In this case team of Russia conducted 2-0 after clean victory the khan-Magomedova and strong-willed - Denis Yartseva (weight to 73 kg).
However, in the heavier weight categories their Japanese rivals could not manage Murat Khabachirov (81), Magomed Magomed (90) and Aslan Cambium (100).
On the same scenario was developed bronze match in the female tournament, where the Russian team, conducting 2-0, yielded to Japanese - 2-3.
On the command competitions in Chelyabinsk the President of Russia Vladimir Putin, who congratulated men's team with silver, was present after the end of tournament.
“The second place - this is very honorable, but I want to say that it was obvious that you could become champions, said Putin, whose word he gives RIA “of the news”.
To lose to the Japanese, to the ancestors of judo - there is nothing here dishonourable.
But I am confident, that you can in them and win.
The team of Russia on the domestic world championship came out much better than year ago on the competitions of a similar level, which passed to Rio de Janeiro.
Then in the assets of Russian command there were only three medals - one silver even two bronze.
In this case current tournament passed Olympic champions Arsene Galstyan and Mansur Isaev.
We are still, of course, large maximalists.
Yes, it wants gold medals.
But give let us recall that if man in the Olympic cycle enters into the eight of the strong, then he is the potential winner of the Olympics.
That it is more in this form of sport as judo”, totaled of tournament the minister of sport RF Vitalius Mutko, whose words gives the press service of championship.
The team of Japan expected became best in Chelyabinsk, after earning 11 medals of different merit, five of which proved to be gold.
The following world championship will pass by the summer of next year in Astana.
To become acquainted with other materials, news and statistics is possible on the page of the summer forms of sport.
The family of Joan Riverz hopes for better
Joan Riverz is situated without the consciousness from the arrival into the hospital in New York three days ago, but its daughter expressed hope today that the 81--year comic actress will get well from the disease.
“Thanks for your constant love and support”, said Melissa Riverz in the statement today.
We hope for better.
Its mother arrived in the hospital of Mount Sinai on Thursday after special bell about the fact that the stopping of heart in the clinic in upper True, occurred in it, Yorkvill to Endoskopi, sources report.
Doctors intentionally hold it under narcosis, also, under a strict observation, until them it is satisfy its state, which remains “heavy”.
Response was wide, including numerous support in the Internet from such as Donald Tramp, Montel Williams and Kelly Ripa.
Everyone will be able the kings
In sale the debut album of the group of Royal Blood - the new hope of British fate, which derived fate-duets from the clubs straight on the stadiums.
The duet of Royal Blood only year on the scene, but already has in the assets nomination to the musical reward to BBC, stage on the warming-up in Arctic Monkeys and visit into grimerku of New York concert from Jimmy Page himself.
Their debut similar album even after several months to the release obtained 100,000 preorders, and contract to its release lies at the briefcase of the major-label of Warner Music.
Taking into account current lamentable situation on the musical market, situation from a number there emerging, indeed speech goes not about the new doe Dale yard or next by sladkogolosom the representative “of new in R'n'B”, but about the duet of the bykovatykh in sight Britons, who play with that loudness level and intensity, which was the last time in the mode to vapor of decades ago.
On the whole, the rates to the first album in connection with all circumstances mentioned above were especially high and already completely they justified.
Duet in vain did not take to itself the name, to which thus far could encroach perhaps that entirely already desperate hairy metal-workers, and the blood of what kings flows, as it seems them, in their veins, it is also understandable.
The discussion deals, of course, first of all, with the heroes of the past level of Led Zeppelin: like great quartet, Royal Blood set as their goal to shake the stood too long blood of British fate, after deriving it on the new height.
To make forecasts about the success of this enterprise is thus far, perhaps, somewhat early, but something to assert already it is possible.
Tens of songs, which were packed in thirty with the small of minutes - this not so much the demonstration of phenomenal composer gift, as confident and powerful declaration about the intentions.
Some merits of separate numbers, cannot be of course denied: let us say, the pilot single “of Out Of The Black” is characteristic fact that it is memorized by not melodic line, but by drum party.
Musicians into the joke say that this song to generally simpler nastuchat than to sing.
It is worthwhile to isolate also powerful “Little Monster” and closing plate composition “Better Strangers” with the Shakespearean quotation in the title.
However, truth in the fact that each of these songs will excellently sound at the party of the lovers of heavy fate, but with the playback in a row they merge into the more or less uniform fabric.
And this is completely necessarily bad, even vice versa.
The force of Royal Blood in the fact that they do not pretend to the monasteries of new in Lennon and Makkartni (faster already they mark in the successors of Motörhead), but were derived numerous fate-duets from the ghetto of indi-clubs.
Their music, in spite of a certain variety, is created for the stadiums, in the accomodation, calculated less than for pair thousand people, by it is obviously tight.
Secret partly in the sly use of bass, who replaced guitar in the customary size, devised at the beginning of zero The White Stripes.
However, the matter not only in the tools, but also in the approach itself to the composition of songs.
The heroes of retroroka of zero with great difficulty were selected beyond the limits of postmodern paradigm, with the enormous unwillingness dispatch to that in order to recognize themselves not simply as imitators, but by independent creative units.
However, Royal Blood even now sound so moshchno and it is insolent, that this pressure successfully drapes a certain second-rateness and tverdolobost of musical material.
Well and finally, who did say that the fate must be clever?
Amazon buys Twitch for $1.04 billions
AMAZON recently confirmed that, about which reported Information on Friday in the morning: Online store - and videoprodyuser, and other hundred additional things - buys the service of flow videovosproizvedeniya of Twitch for $1.04 billions ($US970 of millions).
This news proved to be surprise not because no one it waited, that Twitch will be sold, but because many they expected that YouTube will be buyer.
Three months ago sale of Twitch to the video service of Google for good billion appeared completely finished, and this combination appeared natural.
Twitch, based only three years ago as Justin.tv, set as a goal to be the flow service of general nature - version of YouTube in real time.
Instead of this it rapidly became the platform, where the gamers transmitted their intra-recreation area moments; “YouTube for the games in real time” according to Business Insider.
Interface of Twitch.
And “let ' s of play”, the genre of the videotapes, in which the know-it-alls give (mainly, old) to games working as in “mysterious theater”, is already popular on YouTube.
The fact is that YouTube is mentioned frequently, when describe Twitch; therefore the news about the fact that YouTube acquires Twitch was encountered without the special interest, the classical example to the taking root herself technological company, vykupayushchey of potential competitor.
This is secret, why transaction from YouTube fell through, taking into account that, according to existing information, it was ready to pay not less than Amazon.
Everything that there is at the present moment - this statement from the executive director of Twitch Emmet Shira: “We selected for Amazon, because they believe in our association, they divide our values and long-term objectives, and they want to help us to reach them more rapidly.”
One additional secret, honestly speaking, this is the improbable success of Twitch.
To the snobs like me, who declare, that better they will be occupied by sport than look it, it is difficult to understand the attractiveness of that in order to look games instead of very taking of in the hands joystick.
One matter - to look through the arm of friend in 3 mornings, when it propolzaet through Resident Evil, and entirely another - to look, as some outside person obtains 20 shots into the head contract in Call of Duty.
All games, which you could look directly now.
One additional problem lies in the fact that many of the most popular today games are calculated for one person; therefore to look their survey, without controlling the visual angle independently, can be the prescription of headache, to worthy Do It Right.
I will agree that the high-speed passages, in which Rodzhery Bennistery of our electronic century complete entire games within the record periods, entertain.
But if the discussion does not deal with the virtuoso of game or humor, it is highly improbable, that his channel of Twitch will be generally interesting.
But that do know skeptics like me?
In Twitch 55 million unique visitors per month, and this is the fourth in the value source of peak Internet-traffic.
How precisely Amazon will earn on this?
It is difficult to represent that Twitch will be rolled up in Amazon Instant Video so elegant, as YouTube it could simply absorb Twitch.
However, Twitch has that the fact that any company would obtain with the pleasure: the crowd of the young men, about whom dream the sponsors.
As he said the head of Twitch latitude, Amazon and Twitch “both they believe in the future of games”, and this channel will not give the signs of fading, even - oy - as the entertainment form of sport.
As a result of the occurred in 2004 act of terror died more than 330 people, including 186 children.
More than 800 people were injured.
We conducted in Beslan several days.
It had a talk with the survived hostages - almost everyone now students, with the parents of those been killed, with the supervisor of cemetery - the cities of angels - by Ramon Kaspolatov, head of committee “mothers of Beslan” by Susannah Dudievoy, who participated in the special operation the colleague of the Ministry of Emergencies, tells the correspondent of division “society” Elizabeth Antonov, that worked at the special project.
Having already returned to Moscow, they were encountered Aslambekom by Aslakhanovym, which 10 years was ago the adviser of the President on the North Caucasus and it conducted negotiations with the terrorists, and also with the officer for administration “in” the FSB [Federal Security Service] of Russia by Vyacheslav Bocharov”.
What especially shook me in the time of the work on this theme - this that in Beslan as if there was not these ten years.
This theme extremely painful for all, who have some to it relation although, people with difficulty agree to speak, that occurred.
Impressions from the trip are very heavy.
But cannot be forgotten Beslan, and I hope, our task we managed”, it said Antonov.
Special project is prepared by the studio of infographics of the holding of Rambler & Co, which works in the company from the spring of this year.
Previous special projects were dedicated to the First World War and 15-anniversary of a stay of Vladimir Putin in authority.
PDRK (People's Democratic Republic of Korea) carried out launching of the rocket of the short distance
North Korea produced the launching of the rocket of short distance into the water area of Sea of Japan, reports “Yonhap”.
Starting was produced about 10.30 mornings local time from the side of the province of Chagang Province, which is located on the border of North Korea and China.
Supposedly, rocket fell into Sea of Japan, after flying order 220 km, they stated in the united Joint Chiefs of Staff of South Korea.
Deputies proposed to accelerate the coming into force of law about personal data
In the case of the success of initiative, the data of Russians it cannot be it will be stored on the servers abroad since January 1, 2015
In the State Duma is introduced the project of law, which foresees the shift of effective date of the already taken law about personal data of Russians - since September 1, 2016 on January 1, 2015.
Initiative is placed in the base of the legislation activity of the House of Commons.
By its authors appeared Deputies of the Gosduma Vadim Dengin, Yaroslav Nilov (LDPR (Liberal-Democratic Party of Russia)), Yevgeny Fedorov (“United Russia”), Vladimir Parakhin (“a Just Russia”) and Alexander Yushchenko (Communist Party of the Russian Federation).
This change, in the opinion of the authors of initiative, will contribute to the more operational and more effective guarantee of rights of citizens RF for the safety of personal data and observance of the secret of correspondence in the information-telecommunication networks.
The law, the coming into force of which hurry parliamentarians, forces to store in the territory RF personal data of Russians, processed through the Internet.
It also makes required record, systematization, accumulation, storage, refinement and extraction of personal data of citizens RF, in the databases, located on the territory of Russia, and also the indication of the information about the location of such databases.
Furthermore, law allots the Federal Supervision Agency for Information Technologies and Communications by right on the basis the Court decision to limit access to information, processed with the disturbance of legislation RF in the region of personal data.
Law also proposes the creation of the so-called “black lists” of site-disturbers - automated information system “the list of the disturbers of the rights of the subjects of personal data”.
This law was accepted by the State Duma in summer.
By the authors of bill appeared Andrey Lugovoy and Vadim Dengin from the LDPR (Liberal-Democratic Party of Russia) and Alexander Yushchenko from the Communist Party of the Russian Federation.
Dengin and Yushchenko are also some of the authors of current bill about the shift of effective date of the already taken law.
To those, whom date-centers in RF does not have, it is necessary to pay for the lease
Commenting on the introduced today into the State Duma bill the first the assistant heads of Duma committee on information policy Leonid Levin he stated that it does not see problems for the shift of effective date of law about the protection of personal data.
According to him, those companies, which by January 1, 2015 will not have their own depositories of personal data of Russians in the territory RF, they can lease them, for example, “in “Rostelecom”, which repeatedly indicated that they were ready to allow their servers into the lease and already it allows its servers, in Mail Group, in the Western companies, which they today already allow their servers”.
“Moreover there are several independent date-centers, ready to collaborate in this region”, it added.
“If companies make the decision to carry out law and to continue to work in the territory RF, I do not see problems - they will obtain technological opportunities for the arrangement”, summed up Levin.
Questionable bill
Immediately after the publication of the project of law the Russian Association of Electronic Communications expressed the fear that in the case of adopting the bill the Russians no longer can use many global Internets-Service.
In particular, the discussion deals with the services of the online-armoring of airline tickets and hotels.
In the opinion of the association, “the bill deprives the subjects of personal data - citizens of the Russian Federation of the right to manage its personal data imperatively determining that their record, systematization and so forth must it is ensured only in the databases, located on the territory of the Russian Federation”.
In the statement RAEK [Russian Association of Electronic Communications] it is emphasized that more effective measure the creation of the mechanism of the information of user about that, where is achieved record, systematization of its personal data, would be.
In that case itself will be able to select, in what territory will be produced the actions indicated.
However, the adoption of similar bills about “the localization” of personal data in other countries led to the withdrawal of global services and to the essential economic losses.
A participant in the testing by the bucket of icy water dislocated the jaw
Isabel Roberts from Great Britain thus it shouted, when to its head poured out icy water, that it damaged the bone structure of face.
This testing by the bucket of icy water went to the pain not thus.
Woman was hospitalized after it thus it shouted during the testing by the bucket of icy water, that dislocated the jaw.
Isabel Roberts so furiously it shouted, when to its head poured out icy water, that it damaged the structure of face.
“Water was such cold, that I shouted, but when I this made, my jaw began to get stuck”, she said The Mirror.
They flow water to the 20-year.
Isabel Roberts in seconds before the accident
I attempted to shut mouth, but he was not shut, he got stuck, and then at me arrived understanding, that something not thus.
Then the same understanding arrived at my mom and sister and they began to laugh loud, but it was necessary to urgently convey me into the department of pressing aid.
they transported 20-year woman from Great Britain to hospital in order to set jaw after participation in the popular enthusiasm on Tuesday.
Clip became Internet-sensation and it was published thousands of times in Facebook and Twitter.
Militiamen communicated Ukrainian military more than 400 prisoners
In “the armies of Novorossii” they assert that they brought down the Ukrainian Sukho1 Su-27 [Flanker], and they charge enemy with the disturbance of the understanding about the cease fire
Militiamen as of 10:00 on September 1 communicated to the Ukrainian side of 402 prisoners, 72 of whom were injured, and also the bodies of 35 killed soldiers.
On this reported “to Interfax” the representative of the press service “armies of Novorossii”.
It added that “by forces PVO (Air Defense) in the region of the populated area of Mereshki the downed aircraft of the Sukho1 Su-27 [Flanker], which destroyed the understandings about the cease fire”.
According to the collocutor of agency, Ukrainian side with the bombardment of luganskogo airport used those forbidden by international conventions cluster bombs.
The representative of the press service noted that for militiamen within the night it was possible to damage two helicopters of Ukrainian VVS on one of the field airdromes, and to also destroy two armored carriers and two storages with the ammunition.
“Losses in the live enemy target - to hundred people by those killed and injured, were returned to the captivity 13 people”, summed up the representative of staff.
“Interfax” does not have available confirmation of this information from the Ukrainian sources.
The on Sunday armed units “people republics” of Donbass stated about the transfer to Ukrainian side within the framework of the observance of the regime of the cease fire of 223 captured soldiers and soldiers of the national guard of Ukraine.
At the same time at night army DNR, according to the data “the armies of Novorossii”, “suppressed the attempt of natsgvardeytsev into the disturbance of previously the agreed terms to derive from the region of environment heavy technology”.
Then militiamen reported destruction in the transient battle of two tanks and two BMP, seizure of six tanks and disarmament of 198 soldiers.
According to the data of staff, the total losses of enemy in all directions (by Donetsk, by Lugansk, Mariupolskom) within that night composed five tanks, eight combat armored vehicles, more than 120 people killed and by injured
At the end of the past week the important group of Ukrainian soldiers proved to be in the environment of militiamen in Ilovayska region in Donets region.
The President of Russia Vladimir Putin requested the management “people republics” to release Ukrainian soldiers from the environment.
In DNR agreed to go to this under the conditions the deliveries by the enemy of weapon and ammunition.
First tens of soldiers began to leave the surrounded populated areas on Saturday morning.
According to the commander of that fallen into the environment of the battalion of Ukrainian territorial defense “Donbass” the seeds Semenchenko, on the night on Sunday “the boiler” left 14 additional people.
In its Facebook Semenchenko wrote that Ukrainian injured are situated “in the captivity in 137 regiments of 32 divisions RF and 9 tank brigades RF”, where they turn well with them.
And the RF Ministry of Defense denied the reports of Ukrainian servicemen and NATO about the presence of Russian subdivisions in the Ukraine between that Ministry of Foreign Affairs.
MINISTRY OF FOREIGN AFFAIRS OF THE RUSSIAN FEDERATION: Russia signs reciprocal measures in the case of the introduction the European Union of the new sanctions
Russia leaves after itself right for the adoption of the reciprocal measures, directed toward the protection of their legitimate interests in the case of the introduction of new anti-Russian sanctions, reports the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation.
In the communication of Russian extra-diplomatic department it is indicated that “the conclusions” of European council dated August 30 demonstrated the incapacity of member nations the European Union to overcome inertia of the boundless support by them of Kiev authorities.
Brussels continues to insist on what Russia is participating to the situation to the east of Ukraine, resting on “absolutely unsubstantiated assertions about the presence of the Russian armed forces in the territory of this country”, it is spoken on the site of department.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation expresses regret, which Evrosovet, in spite of the interests of its member states, it yields to the influence of the countries, which are interested in strengthening of confrontation with Russia.
Terms Evrosoveta must call to the peaceful settlement of conflict to the east of Ukraine, and also provide conditions for the valuable “dialogue between the opposing sides”, department emphasizes.
It is also noted on the site of department that now there are no obektivynkh of the estimations of humanitarian situation in Donbass, where full-scale humanitarian catastrophe was developed, while body count among the innocent civilians also grows.
Let us recall that during the next seven-day week in the European Union it is planned to develop specific proposals on the sanctions against RF.
In this case the representatives of the European Union closely collaborate with the American officials.
It is assumed that they will correlate the introduced measures for the period of action and degree of hardness between themselves.
The new sanctions of the European Union can touch power engineering and financial sector.
Also Australian government declared about the expansion of sanctions with respect to Russia in the region of defense, finances and natural gas industry.
Sly methods to save on the university textbooks
With the fact that the cost of university textbooks for many students exceeds $1000 per year, Mett Schroeder, who soon will pass to the second course, devised the sly method to reduce expenditures.
It developed the system of that how to take the books for hire in senior students, proposing to them nominal compensation so that they would put off their sale.
“My textbook according to the mathematical analysis, which usually stand $180, I obtained to the semester for $10 and pastry “Chick-fil-A "", speaks Schroeder, 19 years, who learns into Kovenant college in Georgia.
The necessary literature to the past semester would cost $430, he speaks.
It spent $120.
According to the council of colleges, mean statistical student spends more than $1200 per year on the textbooks and training equipment; however, the students have a whole series of the versions of reduction of these expenditures.
Students increasingly more frequently select Internet stores and creative ideas, similar to Schroeder's system.
The rental of the books becomes ever more it is popular, making possible for students to use the book during the semester, and it frequently bypasses substantially cheaper than their purchase.
The company “Nibo Inkorporeytid”, to which belong more than 250 university book stores, it reports that the volume of the rental of the books grew doubly since 2011.
Studies of branch show that about fourth of books in the university book stores during the past spring semester were undertaken for hire, speaks Vice President “Nibo” of Trevor Meyer.
Less than half of all books they are acquired in the university book stores, according to professional association “national association of university stores”.
Here is introductory course using the best methods to complete advantageous transaction.
Purchase in the Internet store
Sometimes, if you leave into the Internet, price of the new book can compose one third from that you will see in the university book store.
The ninth edition “mathematical analysis” the Rhone Larsona, Bruce Edwards and Robert Khostetlera stands about $290 on the price list, but new copy can be acquired for $239.99 on the site Chegg.com, who specializes at sale of textbooks.
Purchase of that reused
If you not against the strange notations or damages, the second-hand textbooks - good version.
“Mathematical analysis” is sold for $93.49 in the second-hand view of Chegg.com.
Mett in Kesedey, 25 years, the student of the fourth course from the university of Brigem Young, tells that he paid on Amazon.com 42 cents for the second-hand copy of textbook “the strategic solutions to the media: Understanding the business side of advertising business”.
The book was sold after $48 new.
Instructors, for example, Ingrid Breysi, the director “of college without the walls” with the university of Massachusetts in Emkherste, proposes to students to refine in his professors, it is not possible to use previous publications.
Sometimes renovations are unessential for the lessons.
In such cases old publications frequently can be found in the very small share of the cost of last publication.
Besides the sites of Chegg and Amazon, Half.com, belonging “eBay Inc. ”, popular alternative for the purchase of the second-hand books.
Rental
About taking of textbooks for hire, it is worthwhile to think, if you will with them turn sufficiently well, you will not forget to return them and you will not want to leave them to yourselves after it will be completed course.
You can save more than 80% of the cost of the new book.
For example, one student could take for hire “mathematical analysis” for the semester approximately as $20.
You will explain the rules of that store, where you take the books, including any penalties, which can extract to you for the notations, underlinings and damages.
If you take the book for hire, you remember: if you do not return the book, penalties can even exceed the cost of new copy.
The e-books
E-books instead of the traditional textbooks - one additional version.
Sometimes such books are strictly rented, acquiring electronic license for the specific period in spreaders, for example, Amazon.com, Chegg and Barnes & Noble Inc.
The rental “mathematical analysis” on the site Chegg.com for six months will manage approximately in $61.
Breysi it tells that the students, who study literature, frequently can find bargain prices, since many classical works now can be downloaded free of charge, whereas literature on natural and engineering can be very expensive.
Despite not on what, you will look around.
Joe Galt, 29 years, who intends to begin studies in the law school of Pepperdin, recommends to use the number of ISBN for explaining the prices of the book, since this it guarantees, that you search for precisely necessary to you text.
Before making order in the Internet, speaks Galt, necessarily verify, actually the book exists on the storage.
To it this lesson was given not easily.
The delivery of the book, which it acquired, was postponed to four weeks, and, after all, it paid total price in the university book store.
Putin stated about the complete ineffectiveness of the development fund of the Far East
The President of Russia Vladimir Putin zyavil at the conference on questions of gospodderzhki of priority investment projects and territories in the Far East, that budget investfond of the development of the Far East, created two years ago, it is ineffective, Interfax reports.
“15 billion rubles so remained to lie on the deposits”, emphasized the President.
In the course of meeting the Head of State charged to accelerate the assertion of the enumeration of the territories of the anticipating development in the Far East.
It remembered that the project of the law, necessary for creating the tori must be introduced into the State Duma by this autumn.
Federal meeting, noted the President, until July 1 so did not affirm the enumeration of the territories of the anticipating development in the Far East, and their criterion.
Vladimir Putin also formulated basic tasks for guaranteeing the development of the Far East.
Among them, an increase in the transport availability of region, the removal of infrastructural limitations - both on the domestic market and for the development of export.
Among other things, it is necessary to sozdatpredposylki for the attraction into the region of additional investments, and to also form the territories of the anticipating development, which must become competitive with respect to the key business centers of the APR [Asian-Pacific Region], the President emphasized.
Let us recall, it previously communicated that the territory of the anticipating development can replace with OEZ.
Why “the guards of galaxy” could not save the box offices
“Irrepressible 3” of Sylvester Stallone returned less than $30 million of their $90-millionth budget to the USA, whereas “the city of the sins: the woman, for whom are worth killing” it returned only $12 million from its $70-millionth budget.
“The home video” Cameron Diaz brought only $14.6 million into the first output, whereas children's films, such as “as to tame dragon 2” they also disappoint by gain.
The article of the film critic of Telegraph to Robbi Kollina indicates that when the discussion deals with the children's films, possibly, the matter in the poor quality of films themselves.
Kollin named 2014 “worse” year during entire history in the fact that children's films, and it named “as to tame dragon 2” hardly “functioning” continuation of fentezi.
However, when the discussion deals with the films, directed toward the audience somewhat more elder age it is, it seems, that the problem necessarily does not consist as films themselves.
In July Entertainment Weekly compared the average ratings of CinemaScore and Metacritic of each film, which left into the rental in summer in a quantity not less than 2000 copies between the holiday of the day of memory in May and July 20, in 2013 and in this year.
The results, which consider the opinion of both the moviegoers and film critics, they make it possible to assume that the harvest of the films of this year they are similar true to gauge to the last year's hits.
Some commentators assume that the matter can be in the changing audience habits and growing popularity of the flow Internets-Service, such as Netflix.
Director John Favro, who in the present moment works at the soon outgoing into the rental disneevskim film “book of jungle” it said to the website of Hollywood Reporter: “I think, times change.”
We must recognize this and not attempt to strive for the fact that it was earlier.
In contrast to the current drop in the box offices in Hollywood, the income of Netflix from the service of flow reproduction reached $1.2 billions, having almost doubly exceeded last year's number in $837 million.
Last summer director Steven Spielberg criticized severely studios for the fact that they too rely on the franchises of the comics, and predicted “crash” Hollywood.
In light of the current decrease some commentators assert that in its gloomy predictions there was the grain of truth.
In connection with this that in the summer of 2015 are expected the output of several potential cashbox hits, including “the avengers: The eras of Altrona”, “Minonov” and “Jurassic park”, other representatives of the industry of cinema are disposed more optimistic.
The producer “of people X” Simon Kinberg recently named a drop in the box offices by simply “cyclic”, after saying Hollywood Reporter: “The following summer will be the most cashbox summer in the history, and no one will survive about this.”
Product sanctions do not frighten the owners of institutions with the Caucasian and Central-Asian food, but for the restaurants of European and Japanese kitchen Russian suppliers - are terrible sleep.
And as a whole public catering thus far prefers to replace the forbidden import by products not of Russia, but of Latin America, Israel and China.
“It is better to eat fresh-salted cucumber than poor motsarellu”, demolishes himself the chief-cook of the Italian restaurant of Barlotti Marian Valerio apropos of the quality of the cheeses, which the suppliers of instead of Italian propose to it.
Motsarella and cheese of burrata ended in the restaurant first, in them small period of storage.
The reserves of parmezana must be sufficient even to the pair of months.
What to make?
To pass to the Russian?
In 2005 I was on the Dorogomilovskom market.
Marian Valerio makes such eyes, which is clear: the shocking memories do not release it, until now.
Meat there lay on the carts only at 30 centimeters from the gender!
There cat!
Rats!
Then I said that for our restaurant we never nothing will buy on the Russian markets.
I do not know, can, now there everything was changed.
But recently to me they brought to the test fish from the Far East.
So it proved to be rotten!
I said that I do not want even to talk with that person, who to us this brought.
Valerio is surprised, that many common for Italy things for the Russian producer into the wonder.
Several years ago I was forced to purchase Russian beef.
In Italy the meat in the cooling chamber on 10 days at a temperature of 1-2 degrees is hung up.
It must otvisetsya in order to become soft so that the muscles would be weakened.
I did all this with the local beef.
They then me asked: where you did take this tender meat?
I spoke: so the same your, Russian!
Why in you no one so does make?
In five minutes of walking from Barlotti in the French restaurant “Brasserie bridge” on the kitchen hangs the foot-sheet, in which are indicated the absent products: French oysters, sea urchin.
the Chief-cook of restaurant “Brasserie bridge” and the bar “pointer” of Rezhis Trigel not so is pessimistically disposed as Valerio: oysters from France already replaced with oysters from Tunisia, and instead of the French cheeses restaurant will buy Swiss.
However, and Rezhis becomes more emotional, when the discussion turns to the Russian suppliers: “Cauliflower - 200 rubles!
I ask: “Why, on what base it so many stands?”
They answer me: “Well we also should earn”.
But this cabbage must not cost more expensive than 80 rubles!
Far-Eastern oysters we do buy by the weight, but they do live 15-20 years, you do represent, how much does weigh their armor?
It it turns out that on the price this is super-delicacy.
It seems that Russian suppliers - one of the main sources of horror stories for the foreign cooks.
Standard history: “The first three months everything was good, then quality sharply fell”.
Main claims: Russian suppliers cannot maintain stable caliber and quality.
Many restaurants of European kitchen do not know that it will be with them, when the reserves of the cheese end
Photos: Alexander Miridonov, the Kommersant
Sanction menu
On August 6 President Vladimir Putin signed decree about the application of separate economic measures for providing of safety of Russia, which are called in essence product sanctions.
In the country are forbidden to import beef, pork, meat and by-products from the poultry, meat delicacies, fish, mollusks, the milk, yogurty, cottage cheese, cheeses, vegetables, fruits, nuts, sausages and sugar syrups.
In restaurants began the leap-frog with the suppliers: prices of the products grew, it is necessary to urgently search for analogs from other countries.
Most strongly this will affect the expensive restaurants with the mono-kitchen of France, Italy, Spain, to which the products were supplied directly from “maternal” countries.
For public catering it was necessary to be reconstructed and it is earlier.
For example, when at the beginning of 2014 of Rosselkhoznadzor forbade the import of Australian beef, and by year it is earlier - American and Canadian meat.
Instead of suppliers fixed the deliveries of beef from Argentina, Uruguay and New Zealand.
But the sanctions of years-2014 proved to be considerably more serious.
True, on August 20 Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev affirmed the corrections to the presidential decree, which derive from under the prohibition of young fish of Atlantic salmon and trout, lactose-free milk, seed potatoes, sugar corn, pea and bow for the sowing.
Italian Valerio hopes that the sanctions can still soften.
For the present the part of the restaurants exists under the conditions of uncertainty.
According to the data of company “Vostok-Zapad”, one of the most important suppliers of HoReCa, the portion of imported products in the bonus segment composed to 70%.
“For expensive restaurants it is necessary to change menu under the fact that produce the local farmers and other countries, says Sergey Mironov, restaurateur, owner of the agency “of Restkonsalt”.
If chief-cook strong, for it this will not be problem.
Only it is very small such cooks, and for the development of new menu two or three months can leave.
Trigel from the restaurant “Brasserie bridge” for this is ready: to forego it is necessary 10-15% of dishes, another half of menu - to rework.
In the restaurants with the mixed kitchen already they begin to substitute dishes, for example steyk from the marble beef - to befstroganov, Sergey Mironov speaks.
“Cheeses from Europe can be replaced with Russian, Belorussian cheeses, cheeses from Serbia, Argentina, Tunisia, Chile, transfers the representative of company “Vostok-Zapad” Oxana Glibchuk.
Cream and milk production from Europe have analogs to Russia and Belorussia.
Hen from the USA can be substituted by hen from Russia and Belorussia, salmon and salmon from Norway - by salmon, by salmon, by trout from Belorussia and Chile.
The absence of vegetables and fruits of European production can be compensated due to production of domestic producers, proposals from Serbia, Moldavia and China.
In the opinion of Mironov, to budget net restaurants be reconstructed will be simpler than to the bonus segment: hardly there walked epicures, capable of distinguishing Italian motsarellu of the Russian.
Although Ginza Project with difficulty it is necessary for institutions, it counts.
Ginza Project has several ten restaurants under the different brands and with its menu.
To the replacement will leave the heap of time”, says Mironov.
In Ginza from the commentaries they refused, after referring to the absence of owners in the country.
The owners of the cafe of Caucasian and Central-Asian kitchen emphasize that the products of the former Soviet republics are more fragrant than the European
But it is numerous restaurants, which sanction practically they will not touch.
They include the institutions with the kitchen of the countries of CIS (Commonwealth of Independent States): Georgian, Uzbek, Armenian and Azerbaijan.
“In the Georgian kitchen there are no expensive products, says Khatuna Kolbaya, the owner of the Georgian restaurant of Saperavi and cafe “Vi of me!”.
All cheeses for us make in Russia, at the basis of many dishes - hen sirloin, exotic verdure we is not utilized”.
In the institutions of Kolbai thus far they removed from the menu not of one dish.
Timur Lanskogo, the owner of restaurants “Chaykhona N1” with the Uzbek kitchen, sanction do not also confuse: to change to it is necessary only for yagnyatinu in the New Zealand.
If Russia fixes import from Uzbekistan, Azerbaijan and Kazakhstan, we even will win in the price, for us this will be cheaper than import from Europe, he, says.
From CIS (Commonwealth of Independent States) it is possible to it is cheaper obtain cut, yagnyatinu, tomatoes, cucumbers, fruits.
In this case that they bring from Central Asia, considerably better than “plastic” from Italy, Spain and Turkey.
Everyone knows about the Uzbek tomatoes that they tasty, sweet.
No one so says about the Spanish.
He stated after the introduction of the sanctions of representative Minselvodkhoz of Uzbekistan to Olimboy of Artykov that it plans to increase the export of plodovoovoshchnoy production into Russia doubly by 2016.
On their intention to replace European import in Russia after the introduction of sanctions they almost immediately stated Belorussia and Kazakhstan.
The restaurants of fastfuda, which answered the request “of money”, also sufficiently quietly react on the sanction.
The press service of McDonald ' s stated that localization exceeds 85% and network it works with 160 Russian suppliers.
According to Tatiana Bogdanovoy, leader of department from the work with the suppliers of Subway Russia, about 80% of products network buy in Russia, although can arise the temporary complexities with the deliveries of vegetables and increase in the prices of the meat products, which are produced from the imported raw material.
In “Teremke” “sanction products” generally occupied not more than 4%.
They did not affect sanction and lapshichnuyu “Vokker”.
KFC, Burger King and “crumb potato” the request “of money” did not answer; however, other participants in the market assert that the degree of localization of Burger King is substantially less than in McDonald ' s.
In the absence Norwegian fish restaurateurs are ready to buy faster the Chilean, than Russian Far-Eastern
On its humpback
For the present restaurateurs complain, that because of an increase in the demand of price they grow even to the local products.
“To the products for “by the rake” of price they grew on the average by 10-15%, for the Italian restaurant “Cherri myo” - two times”, says restaurateur Roman Rozhnikovskiy.
Even in the Georgian restaurants the prime cost of dishes will grow by 5-10%, recognizes Kolbaya.
“Vostok-Zapad” of this it does not deny: “For example, Belorussian milk production since the beginning of August became more expensive to 10-15%”.
“Brazilian suppliers raised prices of the pork almost two times, complain Sergey Rak, deputy of the general director “of Stardogs”.
Okorochka hen became more expensive to 35%.
We wait prices from China, can, they will cool hot Brazilian heads.
Soon in “Stardogse” there will be a planned increase in the prices of 8%.
Now and so very undesirably to raise prices, says cancer.
According to the statistics, an increase in the gain of public catering for the second quarter of 2014 - only 1.8%.
This is the smallest index after 2010.
Retail prices will be grow and it is further, it recognizes, but it is incomprehensible, as it is rapid: thus far the majority of restaurateurs was stored up by products for the next two months in the hope of waiting drops out in the procurement prices.
But, which will be after two months, no one it is known.
Over the area before the city hall of Moscow it stands tens of tents, decorated by verdure and tree.
In the center the scene, musicians play waltz.
This the festival of regional products with the merry name “is time is”.
“We generally had long ago been intended to make a holiday of local food, and here exactly of sanction, we hurried, organized festival”, says one of the organizers.
After the scene with the musicians the cook-Greek of Anastas prepares lettuce from the macaronis and domestic candies, there was recently master-class on the preparation of borsch with the karamelizirovannymi apples.
Everything of the Russian products, assure organizers.
In the tents - exhibition of the achievements of Russian national economy.
Honey from Bashkirya, venison from Salekhard, vegetables from the near-Moscow “state farm named Lenin”, Jay's cheeses from russianized Italian Klouza.
“Salmon for the restaurants can be quietly replaced with another fish of Salmonidae species from the Far East, says the owner of fish bench “his people” Philip Galkin.
They catch nerku, salmon, coho, humpback, chavychu - “royal salmon”.
Yes, they not as fatty as Norwegian salmon, because this is wild fish.
Norwegian salmon - the same aquaculture.
Into the hands you take it - it even does not stir.
But you in the hands will not hold our Far-Eastern Salmonidae.
Only institutions without the special claims are agreeable to replace Italian motsarellu of the domestic
At the shop window of its tent lie the shrimp with the tally “Magadan”, Tresca, omul, muksun, mussel from the Crimea, combs from the Far East.
Galkin it is confident, which it is time to pass to the fish from the Far East.
According to the statistics, the catch of fish in Russia in 2013 - is more than 4 mln t, the substantial part of the fish departs to Japan, Korea and even to the USA.
Import of fish 2013-m - about 800,000 tons.
Bench “its people” works since 2012, it sells the fish through the Internet store, before the introduction of sanctions it attended one-and-a-half additional ten restaurants, for example “simple things”.
To Galkinu now entered claims from 15 more restaurants.
The same lands completely can be made from our fish, it is excited.
We zamorochilis, tried different prescriptions.
Now we sell lands through the Internet store to millions of rubles per month.
Our fish cheaper several times, and delivery - is the maximum of 15 rubles to the kilogram.
In the confirmation in the tent of Galkina for me is prepared the portion “of Philadelphia” with the salmon.
In contrast to the hollanders with the salmon these is necessary to longer chew, but the consciousness of the fact that this fish is our, is domestic, it gives forces.
On the site of bench “their people” are even hollanders from the halibut and marine perch.
In the land-bars to, true, substitute of Norwegian salmon they prefer for Chilean.
Galkin explains this to those that to cooks laziness to devise new prescriptions with the Far-Eastern fish.
“Russian fish suppliers to us did not thus far propose”, gives his explanation the owner of Killfish Bar Dmitriy Yevsey.
Approximately the same situation and with other products: Russian producers could fill the freed niche, but this it does not occur.
According to founder and co-owner of the project of LavkaLavka Boris Akimova, now it is possible to speak faster about the substitution of import from Europe and America in import from China, Israel and Latin America.
There there are large transnational corporations, in which powerful logistics and large volumes.
They are capable of rapidly substituting the forbidden import in contrast to our farmers.
I.e., from the prohibition will win first of all the important producers of other countries”, he says the Akims (Mayor).
However, in the last month restaurant branch obtained more alarm signal than product sanctions.
On the sums of the mass unplanned checkings of Rospotrbnadzor {Russian Health Protection and Supervision] was temporarily stopped the activity of three enterprises of McDonald ' s in Moscow even two regional enterprises in Stavropol and Ekaterinburg.
“We study the essence of the produced claims for determining the actions, necessary for the fastest discovery of restaurants for the visitors”, stated “to money” in the press service of McDonald ' s.
In reality no one understands, which will be further.
If everything limits to product sanctions, this is one version, which can be survived, says on the conditions of anonymity the colleague of company, which carries out restaurant konsaltingom.
But if begin to shut McDonald ' s in the entire country, then scenario will be entirely different.
“Evroprotokol” instead of the information the GIBDD (State Inspection for Road Traffic Safety)
Payments on the helmet can be obtained without the information the GIBDD (State Inspection for Road Traffic Safety) - so TsB it is intended to stimulate the introduction in Russia “evroprotokola”.
The Bank of Russia developed the project of indications, according to which since September 1 this year for obtaining the payments with helmet insured motorist will be able to manage without the information the GIBDD (State Inspection for Road Traffic Safety).
The discussion, true, deals only with those cases, when emergency was designed on “evroprotokolu” without the participation of the traffic police.
I.e., if in road accident participated only two automobiles, there are no physically injured persons, damage does not exceed the established limit and both drivers reached agreement in a question, who the culprit of emergency.
Since August 2 the limit of payments on “evroprotokolu” is 50,000 rub, and since October 1 in Moscow, St. Petersburg, and also in Moscow and Leningrad regions it will be increased to 400,000 rub
Essence in the fact that often even during the insignificant damages, in the situation, when road accident it is possible to design on “evroprotokolu”, drivers, who fell into emergency, cause DPS [Road Patrol Service].
Indeed when the policy of helmet is present, to obtain on it compensation without the information the GIBDD (State Inspection for Road Traffic Safety) it was cannot.
The parameters, prescribed in the project of indication, exactly are called to remove this obstacle on the way of introducing “evroprotokola” in Russia.
According to them, maximum payment on the helmet in connection with the road accident, designed without the colleagues of the GIBDD (State Inspection for Road Traffic Safety), must not be lower than limit on “evroprotokolu”.
But at the same time it cannot be and higher than the limit, determined in the agreement of the insurance of helmet.
Idea undoubtedly useful and is theoretically capable of unloading both the colleagues of DPS [Road Patrol Service] and roads.
But, most likely, from it will arrive into the enthusiasm neither motorists nor insurers.
The latter even now speak about the serious threat of the increase in the swindles, to which it can lead the introduction of the new rules of payments on the helmet.
However, concerning drivers, it is difficult to represent, what work it is necessary to accomplish in order to overcome age-old Russian conservatism.
Driver in the majority of the cases will by hours wait inspector in order to design small emergency, because so it is more reliable.
And it is still unknown that it will more simply - defeat swindlers or convince drivers of the reliability “of evroprotokola”.
They will make saving certificate nominal and irrevocable
Minfin (Ministry of Finance) wants to forbid saving certificates to the bearer, then it will permit banks to make by their analog of irrevocable contribution.
Minfin (Ministry of Finance) prepares the bill, which will forbid saving certificates to the bearer.
Recently this tool collects popularity, since rates are here higher than on the bank contributions.
The fact is that the saving certificates to the bearer do not fall into the system of the insurance of contributions, and bank they cost less, since it is not necessary to make the allotments to the fund for insurance agency of contributions (ASV).
The piquancy of situation in the fact that this step is planned to undertake because of the small and average banks, which extend such certificates, and will suffer from it Sberbank [Savings Bank] and Moscow bank, which, according to the estimations ASV, control 98% of profile market.
The portion of Moscow bank, on the calculations of agency, being of about 3.5%.
Problem, they explain in ASV, it consists in the fact that the clients of small bank, who purchased this certificate, in the case of the opinion in it of license attempt to obtain money in ASV.
Some depositors, without possessing a sufficient financial literacy and buying saving certificates to the bearer, can assume that their investments are insured.
The substantiated absence of insurance payments on these certificates in the case of the opinion of license in bank can lead to the incomprehension and social tension.
_in practice agency be case, when holder predyavitelskikh certificate attempt exact insurance compensation through court”, - state in ASV.
Problem, of course, devised.
Indeed to pay the buyers of certificates nevertheless no one will be, since they according to the law in do not have right to the compensation from the state.
If the matter was in the fact that the tool was not insured in ASV, together with it would forbid and the metallic calculations, on which the means of citizens are considered in grams of one of four metals - gold, silver, platinum and palladium.
Indeed these calculations also do not fall into the system of the insurance of contributions; however, thus far no one attempts to their existence.
The matter, most likely, in the fact that the certificates to the bearer are very convenient securities, which actually can come out in the role of quasi-money.
In this case their displacement practically does not yield to the control: any client of bank can purchase certificate, transmit to any citizen, and to obnalichivaniya this certificate can replace many owners.
Not by chance in the bill prescribed, that the saving certificate must be necessarily nominal securities, which must be stored in the depository.
But in order to sweeten pill to banks, such certificates it is permitted to let out without the right of early pay-off.
I.e., is introduced the analog of the irrevocable contribution, about which have long ago dreamed the bankers.
Summit of NATO: First protests in Nyuporte and cardiff
The protests of those passed on the output, who spoke against the summit of NATO in Newport.
On Saturday hundred were collected in the center of Newport on march against NATO.
But on Sunday in cardiff of approximately 150 people were assembled in the town hall of cardiff to the fact that was described as anti-summit.
To Stephen Feyrkla it followed for us the course of the events during the output and had a talk with those protesting, which arrived from everywhere: from Bridzhenda to Belgium.
Germany will send into Iraq 30 anti-tank complexes
Germany will supply weapon to Iraq for the opposition to militants from the terrorist group “Islamic state”, reports on August 31 of ITAR-TASS with the reference for the solution, accepted on the sums of the session of the representatives of the government of the FRG headed by chancellor Angela Merkel.
As it communicates, Germany will send into Iraq 30 movable anti-tank missile complexes “Milan” and 500 charges to them, and also 8,000 assault rifles G3 and G36.
Deliveries will be realized to the end of September.
Furthermore, is made the decision to allot for Iraq the 50 additional million Euros to humanitarian aid.
On September 1 Mrs. Merkel will give in Bundestag the government statement on this theme.
Until now Germany did not supply its weapon “the flash points”.
The opinions of the inhabitants of the FRG apropos of the sending to the Iraqis of weapon were divided.
Some consider that to only so it is possible stop fighters from “Islamic state”, another they fear, that this weapon can in the final analysis fall into the hands of terrorists.
Militiamen lined Ukrainian patrulnyy launch in the Azov sea
Donets militiamen lined Ukrainian patrulnyy launch in the Azov sea, on August 31 of ITAR-TASS reports.
According to available data, this occurred in the Taganrog molded edge near the populated areas Shirokino and nameless (10-20 km to the east of Mariupol).
They report a number of Ukrainian media outlets about the firing of two launches of the Coast Guard.
It is refined, that the incident occurred today near 16:20 msk [Moscow Time].
They took away adolescents on the helicopter from the blue mountains
TWO adolescents-bushuokera were delivered on the helicopter into the safe place after they spent night, after getting stuck in the blue mountains of new southern Wales.
16-year girl and 18-year young person left for the march soon after noon on Sunday into Govetts it stuck in You blekkhite.
The perturbed relatives rang into the police of approximately 8 in the evening, when they did not return home.
Was sent the search group, into which entered local policemen and rescue force, and pair found about 11 in the evening near the waterfall of Braydal Veyl.
Girl damaged elbow, and young person fell and head impact.
Officers remained with the pair on the night, and they raised them on the winch on Monday in the morning.
Them drove away in the ambulance in the stable state into the hospital to Blu Mauntinz.
Two unions were encountered
Negotiations at the higher level in Minsk did not solve the problems, for which they were convoked, but they gave birth to the new size: the first persons of the European Union met with the first persons of the future Eurasian
Let and on the alarming occasion (situation around Ukraine delays it does not suffer), the leaders of the European Union and customs union for the first time discussed number “hot problems”.
This structure is capable of working effectively, incomprehensibly; then it is clear, who removed cream from this summit.
Questions on this score fell in the evening on August 26, when Belorussians, and following them and other Eurasians with the Europeans saw in new President Lukashenko's tele-news.
Belorussian leader appeared the example to the sharpened courtesy, this was the behavior of man, who recently tore away jack-perspiration - and is planned worthy old age in high society.
As Maydanas Lukashenko helped
Arrival into Minsk immediately three basic European commissioners (ministers of European Union), who met with Lukashenko and allowed it to appear at the final briefing from their name - is not simple the legitimation of the President with the 20-year period.
This is - claim to the acknowledgement of Minsk by the full-fledged subject of European policy and by the basic mediator of Ukrainian crisis.
The senior analyst of the Belorussian institute of strategic studies Denis Melyantsov are confident: from now on Brussels will not be able already to talk with Minsk by the same tone, as it is earlier.
“The fact that Catherine Ashton met by tet-A-tet Lukashenko, gives grounds to assume that the relations with the European Union will be defrosted and it is further”, he said “to flame”.
This iceberg has the concealed part: preparation for the breakthrough Belorussian authorities began long before the November Maydana in Kiev - in summer 2013-go.
“Were achieved results, also, with the European Union - these are successful negotiations on simplification in the visa regime and readmissii, dialogues about the modernization, transfers the collocutor “of flame”, and with the USA were carried out negotiations on international security.
States even removed a little sanctions.
As far as Ukrainian events are concerned, they themselves and the reaction on them of the government of Belorussia only whipped this process.
For Minsk, from one side, it was possible to preserve relations with Ukraine - sufficiently warm so as strongly not to lose in mutual trade, but the President Poroshenko could arrive into Belorussia to the negotiations.
With another - the Belorussian leader, who de jure did not recognize the connection of the Crimea to Russia and issued a call to punish prorossiyskikh militiamen in Donbass with the entire strictness, did not quarrel also with Moscow.
Minsk left neither of the customs union nor from the Collective Security Treaty Organization (CSTO), but in Baranovichakh is placed Russian air base.
Brussels and Washington noted the balanced position of Minsk on a Ukrainian question - and was estimated it, Belorussian experts were assured.
Motion by Lukashenko to the political diversification will prove to be how successful, it will be evidently on how frequently soon with Minsk it will be brought to assume meetings in the size the European Union + TS.
In the press service of the supreme representative of the European Union for foreign policy and diplomacy of Catherine Ashton they could not operationally answer questions about that, what Brussels expects from the interrelations in the new size.
Press-secretary Ashton the Mayas Kosyanchich only stated “to flame” that against the background resolution of questions of war and peace this theme is not priority.
In this case the communications appeared, that the following rendezvous point on a Ukrainian question with the participation of the first persons in the new size can become Kazakhstan.
The drop of tar for Minsk became the statement of the President of Nursultan Nazarbayev, in whom it acknowledged that it, it occurs about this, the representatives of the European Union personally requested.
Nevertheless, at the final briefing Alexander Lukashenko gave to understand: all sides not against so that Minsk would remain central area for the meetings as in the size Russia-OSCE (Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe)-Ukraine, so at the level of the Heads of State and high representatives of the European Commission.
This means that “last dictator of Europe” finds status of the completely rukopozhatnogo European leader, who helps to solve global issue.
Best friend of the European farmer
Already very composition of delegation the European Union, which included EU Commissioners in the trade and power engineering, pushed slightly to the conclusion: the main background of summit - not tragic situation on Donbass, but the economy.
The in fact, made up into pages at the meeting timetable of future negotiations on the gas supplies and on overcoming of the fears of the countries TS by the agreement about the association of Ukraine with the European Union appears by reaching more scale than peaceful declarations without the specific dates and numbers.
Commissioner on the trade Karl De Gyukht, nevertheless, designated: the representatives of the European Union “arrived to Minsk to search for the solution to the political crisis, which has the economic consequences, but not vice versa”.
It is similar, however, that also in the economy the crisis in the Ukraine “works” in Belorussia.
Its consequences - and first of all the mutual sanctions of the West and Russia - give to Minsk, which thus far itself experiences sanction pressure, long-awaited field for the maneuver.
According to leader Nauchno-issledovatelskogo the center of Mises, ex-candidate in the Presidents of Belorussia Yaroslav Romanchuka, European investors are actively interested in the opportunities of Belorussia for the deliveries to agricultural production in RF around sanctions.
In this case are advanced the supply chains, for which Vladimir Putin on the summit chid Minsk.
“As the initiators of these diagrams, emphasized Romanchuk “to flame”, come out not Belorussian businessmen, but Russian companies.
They for long perfected the supply chains of goods, including from Poland, Germany, Lithuania, and today these diagrams were destroyed.
Russian business sharply needs somehow restoring of them, even through the mediation of Belorussian structures.
The second subject, continues expert, is connected with the fact that many Ukrainian companies not to away fix production in Belorussia from the Ukrainian raw material also with the orientation for the Russian market.
In Ukrainian producers on the order of 4 billion dollars of export into Russia, and Belorussian production--commercial diagrams now can prove to be very claimed”.
In the opinion of Romanchuka, the role of the owner of area for the negotiations the European Union and TS is ideal for Lukashenko and from the point of view of the development of economic ties with Europe.
It reminds one that the losses of agrarian sector the European Union from the sanctions of Moscow are evaluated at 5-10 billion Euros, and the European Commission at present proposed the only 125 million Euros of compensation to landowners.
The Belorussian President can propose to Brussels to work together in order to minimize consequences for evrofermerov.
This can raise the authority of Lukashenko in the European Union to the unprecedented height.
Hospitality without the initiative
Catherine Ashton thanked Belorussian authorities for the initiative on conducting of summit.
But paradox in the fact that official Minsk from its active role in the generation of size TS + the European Union refuses to have anything to do, and Belorussian leader at the meeting with the Ukrainian colleague emphasized that the initiator of new size completely became Kiev.
“This was your proposal be gathered, without any loading discuss, not from the bunch-barakhty make the decision, after the signing of the agreement about the association with the European Union, to be dismantled at the situation, which at that moment was added in Ukraine”, it turned before the cameras to Peter Poroshenko.
However, observers interpreted this as the attempt to quiet Moscow, it was it is said originally against the mediation of Minsk, which strongly increases it political weight.
In the Belorussian diplomatic department they diligently emphasize that Belorussia during the organization of interaction of the European Union and TS on its earth does not pursue mercenary purposes, but the final goal of this size - creation in the future of united economic space from Lisbon to Vladivostok.
“This absolutely in the spirit of those concepts, which in other spheres, in particular in the sphere of safety, it advances and moves the leadership of our strategic ally - the Russian Federation”, they said “to flame” in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Belorussia, department, where words recently scrupulously are selected.
In Moscow the zones with the paid entrance can appear
The government of Moscow considers the version of the introduction of zones with the paid entrance as the method of fight with the overloading of central roads by analogy with other large cities of peace, transfers by M 24.ru with the reference on the Deputy Mayor of Moscow by questions of transport Maxim Liksutova.
One of the versions, which successfully recommended itself, is paid entrance.
This expert opinion, we it will necessarily study, let us look all minuses and pluses.
To speak, that are in regard to this accepted some solutions, until early”, it describes Liksutov.
Deputy Mayor emphasized that for the authorities of the capital is very important the experience of the Asian cities, which on the structure and overloading were similar to Moscow.
The already realizable building of central annular highway is one of the solutions, undertaken from these countries, it added Liksutov.
The recently begun building of central annular highway - this is a certain example of the fact that it is not necessary to pass entire traffic through Moscow.
If there would be a sufficient infrastructure of riding round, then it was not necessary to have transit traffic in Moscow”, noted Deputy Mayor.
Also Maxim Liksutov stated that the introduction of paid parkings substantially unloaded capital streets.
And, according to him, capital authorities do not plan to stop on the achievement.
Let us recall, on August 26 the mayor of the Russian capital Sergey Sobyanin participated in the ceremony of the laying of the building of the first launch station of Moscow central annular motor road (TSKAD).
Boredom is culpable
Film of Frank Miller and Robert Rodriguez “the city of the sins-2: The woman, for whom it is worthwhile to kill” it completed in no way that revolution, which could be expected from it.
The first “city of sins” (2005), taken with the minimum, but symbolic, the participation of Kventina Tarantino, completed revolution in the relations between the cinema, comics and literary nuarom.
Sequel is also in its own way revolutionary: in the sense that it destroys fundamental for the contemporary thinking chain “thesis - the antithesis - synthesis” (if we understand under the thesis the universe of nuara, and under the antithesis - space of comics).
From now on it should be read: “thesis - the antithesis - chaos”.
“The city of sins-2” is chaotic both on the dramaturgical and at the philosophical level: both times it is chaotic in the bad sense of word.
Yes, the part of the heroes they are familiar around the first “city”, although, here, the burglar of Marv (Mickey Rurk), it is remembered, ended the life on the electrical chair, and here, nothing, only and it manages to snatch out - in the role of such people combatant - from air knives and other axes with the running knots.
But newcomers literally push apart old men by elbows, as if broken into the city from some other film, about sense and subject of which spectators they request not to worry.
Thus, its history, shamelessly torn by the authors at the most interesting place, in the super-lucky player of Johnny (Joseph Gordon-Levitt).
Its - in lustful-frigidnoy Eva Lord (Eva Green) and after something taking vengeance upon it Dwight (Dzhosh Brolin).
But this confusion, in which Dwight, let us say, into the person not to distinguish of Johnny - fact more that face as other body parts, to characters they carry with the inexorable regularity, it doesn't matter and even not polbedy.
This zh not people, we understand, that these are the archetypes of nuara: fateful of twig, too confident in itself player, who pleased into “honey trap” of sex detective, the corrupted vampire-senator.
Well, and when archetype waltzs with the archetype and by archetype it drives on, then this no longer cinema, but read a little that abstract painting.
But to assign to abstract painting questions about the logic of subject is simply ridiculous.
Moreover, even in this bustling peace there is something constant.
Combat shlyukhi from the first “city” as before hold all around defense from the precipitating their native slums forces of the dark.
Yes even detective Khartigan's spectre sometimes will glance to the flame, and it is always pleasant to look to Bruce Willis.
The major problem “of the cities of sins-2” consists in other.
Frank Miller was good fact that as graphic artist talentedly connected comics and nuar, and as director - it overturned idea about how to transfer comics to the screen.
Comics and nuar - two aggressively opposite “realities”.
The phenomenon of comics in the contemporary form was born at the end of 1920-X of years, at the same time, when the novels of Deshila Khemmeta “bloody harvest” (1929), “Maltese falcon” (1930) and “glass key” (1931) created the canon of nuara, which was being named then hard-boiled of school - “steep school”.
Well or pulp fiction.
Comics presented many tens of heroes to Hollywood: from moryachka Popaya - pozhiratelya of spinach, which gives to it Herculean force, superman, Batman and syskarya of Dick Tracy to Khalka, Thor, Man-spider and other “avengers”.
But in any cinema on the motives of comics there was something waning: the sketched characters persistently did not desire to outgrow by screen flesh, they remained pritvoryashkami in their surrounding compulsorily “real” peace.
Simply stated, they were openly deprived “of ekzistentsii”.
However, Nuar, on the contrary, the most existential genre of world literature.
After World Wars traditional novel - with the experiences, natures, family scandals and historical background - lost any persuasiveness.
What Forsythes, such as Tibo and Rugon-Makkary, such as even Bolkonskiys and Rostovy are generally conceived after Verdun, Auschwitz and Hiroshima?
This novel peacefully mutated into the size of soap opera, and criminal - i.e., regarding marginal - novel it was raised to the level of philosophical prose.
It khemmet on its skin it learned, what it is to work as medical orderly at the front.
It was Communist.
As, by the way, they were, at least, were close to the Communist Party such pillars of genre as writers Horace Makkoy and Jim Thompson, directors Jules Dassen, to Joseph Louzi, Edward Dmitrik.
Therefore nuar, whose archetype they assigned, in the first place, it was rough and cynical, and secondly - especially sotsialen.
This only whether not the American version of social realism.
The first “city of sins” was remarkable precisely fact that it is unnatural, but organically connected comics with nuarom.
For the first time on the screen comics ogive, without being not a bit troubled its graphic nature, and was not shut “present” film.
The gloom of vendible peace, where the cardinal ordered murders, and the senator of the covers of monstrous son-sadist, was completely worthy the feather of Khemmeta.
But picturesque components like the cut off heads, by which the sadist decorated his nest, the feather of brilliant James Ellroya, author “black orchid” and best - i.e., declarative sickening - the representative of neonuara.
“The city of sins-2” - these are even not retreat, but the surrender of the radical stylistics of Miller-Rodriguez before the tradition of comics.
Probably, in many respects this occurred because of technologies 3d.
When you look the second “city of sins”, you perceive itself with the prisoner in the glass sphere, inside which the snow fills toy cesspool up.
However, most frequently these are not snow, but bloody oshmetki, but in the large calculation what difference?
Well and about the social significance and to speak something.
Indeed it is possible only if somewhere, somewhere now and then, let and on the curb of dirty swamp, but there be normal peace, where it is possible to return girl the gone along the curved path or, let us say, to say to inconsolable parents that her destroyer is punished.
When in the city of sin there is place for anything, besides sin, then sin-that already no not sin, but standard.
Dull as any standard.
Chaos “the cities of sins-2” is simply dull.
For the sake of fairness domestic rental gave small, but peppercorn to this fresh sin.
They warn captions: in the film the harmful scenes of smoking are contained.
With respect to the spectacle, in most vegetarian episode of which to man by tongs break the fingers, this returns by infernal humor.
To Khemmetu it would be pleased.
The socialists of France must “be plugged and bring France into order”, speaks key ally Hollande's Frasua
Mr. Vall issued a call the deeply divided left-wing forces “to demonstrate warm relation” to the undergoing himself attacks Socialist President, whose transpositions did not find approval in the overwhelming majority of the French.
The President deserves the respect for each, he deserves our loyalty, he deserves our support.
“This is our debt - to remain next to it”, he said, after causing applause.
As the conciliatory gesture, the Prime Minister assured, that his government will not place under a question questionable 35-hour work week in France, in spite of the kindling the conflict proposals, it must weaken the rules, made Emmanuelem a macron, by the new minister of economy, it is earlier on this week.
On Saturday Mr. Hollande entreated his comrades on the Socialist Party to remain “united” with the government.
However, Christian Tobira, the minister of yusittsii, put sticks into the wheels, after arriving to the meeting of discordant members of Parliament from the Socialist Party and after criticizing severely the Socialist Party for the fact that it allowed the French “to lose the faith in the future”.
The sea-scapes of le P, the leader of the extremely right National Front, expressed contempt to constant internal conflicts among the socialists, after saying that it does not represent that the new government of Vallya will be held longer than several months.
Francois Hollande - naked king, but naked and prince Manuel Vall, forced to gather the new government, when previous was not held years.
“And new also will not be held autumn or winter”, Mrs. le Pen said to reporters.
It repeated the call of its party to the breaking up of parliament, after saying that it was assured that the party can easily win for early votings and is prepared to govern.
The ruling party of France survived crushing defeat on the March municipal elections, and the extremely right National Front arrived the first on the elections European Union in May.
The interrogation of Sunday Journal du Dimanche revealed that 76 percent of the French assume that the Socialist Party risks to be decomposed into that somewhat competing of fractions to the end of the presidential period of Mr. Hollande in 2017.
Pascal Perrino, political scientist from the university of Syans po, warned that the French will rapidly lose patience, if new socialist government does not succeed in repairing the economy and record unemployment.
“In it is small time, but to public opinion it is necessary to rapidly feel that something changes”, it warned.
Otherwise, situation can become still worse.
“City without the narcotics” remained without the action
Sverdlovsk arbitration court left without the examination the action of the capable board of regional ministry for control of state property to the fund “city without the narcotics”.
Department intended to exact more than 7 mln rubles from the organization. as the fee for the lease of building in the center of Ekaterinburg.
However, plaintiff twice was not into the court.
The today arbitration court of Sverdlovsk region left without the examination the action of the executive board of ministry for control of the state asset of region (MUGISO) to the fund “city without the narcotics” (one of the founders - the mayor of Ekaterinburg Yevgeny Roizman).
The representatives of provincial authorities intended to exact from the organization 7.3 mln rubles. as the fee for the lease of building.
It became today known that the plaintiff twice was not into the court, because of what was accepted the solution about the failure in the examination.
The reason for the absence representatives in the board MUGISO explain could not, the chief of juridical division Maxim Titov did not answer the phone calls.
Also could not be been connected with the representatives of fund.
Let us recall, the discussion deals with the house, which occupied fund in the city center on Belinskiy's street, 19 without compensation since 2011.
This solution was accepted by former governor Alexander Misharin.
In November 2012 the capable board of ministry for control of the state asset of Sverdlovsk region gave lawsuit to the Sverdlovsk arbitration court about the moving out of fund from the building.
According to action, the department required through the court recognizing nezaklyuchennym the agreement of the gratuitous use of the accomodation of house-monument.
In the opinion of the board MUGISO, in the agreement were not recorded essential conditions on the lease of the object of cultural heritage.
Sverdlovsk arbitration court deflected action, then was given the appeal into the 17th arbitration court of Perm', which was satisfied.
Then to the same court fund gave the writ of appeal of this solution, which remained without the satisfaction, after which the solution was appealed by fund in the Supreme Court of Arbitration, but court accepted the side of board.
Was in 2013 concluded the new agreement of lease, according to which the fund began again to pay lease pay, about this told Mayor Yevgeny Roizman.
Lease pay was assigned 300,000 rub per month.
The previous administration of region transmitted this building to us into the gratuitous use, after recognizing our merits in the fight with the narcotics, into the sign of respect for fund.
Current administration solved differently”, it declared.
Tatiana Drogaeva, Ekaterinburg
Why to the mayor of Ekaterinburg they proposed to leave voluntarily
On July 24 the deputy of gordumy of Ekaterinburg United Russia Alexander Kosintsev proposed to the mayor of city - to speaker of gordumy Yevgeny Roizman to retire.
As occasion served criminal case in the attitude of prisoner on the suspicion of the murder of the pensioner of the deputy of gordumy Oleg Kineva, who is considered the companion-in-arms of mayor.
As to Yevgeny Roizman they found the criminal case
On July 1 it became known about the criminal complaint for the fact “of slander” (st. 128.1 Criminal Code of the Russian Federation) in the blog of the mayor of Ekaterinburg Yevgeny Roizman.
On this they reported in the Main Department of the Ministry of Internal Affairs for Sverdlovsk region, where was handled the appropriate statement the director general of legal center “Anna Filatov's protection "".
According to her, Mr. Roizman accused it of his records in the blog in the fact that it was participating to the crimes, which allegedly completed its former husband.
The mayor of Ekaterinburg is convinced that “this is the next attempt to take vengeance for the truth”.
iPhone will convert into the purse
On the threshold of on September 9, when Apple must present its new developments, in the press they appear all new leakages about that, what can be expected from the presentation.
They report with the reference to the sources American media outlets that the sixth generation of iPhone will be equipped with the function of mobile purse as a result of the joint design of Apple and pay systems of Visa, MasterCard and American Express.
According to the data of Bloomberg and specialized Internet resource of Re/code, at the presentation of new products on September 9 Apple among other things can declare about the joint project from Visa, MasterCard and American Express, as a result of which in the new smartphone of iPhone 6 will be accessible the function of mobile purse.
Companies themselves reject any commentaries in regard to this.
This function makes it possible to accomplish payment on the cashbox of store with the aid of the smartphone.
Identification of payment will be achieved by a user on his imprint of finger with the aid of the function of Touch ID.
It communicates that in iPhone will be for the first time built in the technology of NFC (near field communication), which makes it possible to accomplish noncontact payment with the aid of the smartphone and corresponding reader on the cashbox.
Very technology of NFC will be accessible because of the special microprocessor from the Dutch high-tech company of NXP (former Philips Semiconductors).
For the first time the function of NFC was represented still in 2004 within the framework of the collaboration of the companies of Sony, Nokia, Philips Semiconductors and more than other hundred companies, which entered so-called NFC Forum - association on the advance of this technology.
The first telephone from NFC was released by the company of Nokia in 2006.
The first smartphone on Android with the function of NFC - Samsung Nexus S - was represented in 2010.
In May 2011 Google presented Google Wallet system, which makes possible for users to tie bank maps to its account in Google and to pay with the aid of the smartphone on Android.
However, American experts emphasize that, in spite of the large investments of high-tech companies into the advance of the technology of NFC, the American retailers, until now, carefully relate to the innovation and do not too willingly spend money on the equipment of their stores by such systems.
Therefore now observers hope that the output of Apple for this market nevertheless will make it necessary retailers to be accelerated and to more actively inject this technology at its commercial points.
Ministry of Foreign Affairs of France: the position of Paris relative to deliveries into Russia “of mistrals” does not change
The official representative of Ministry of Foreign Affairs Francium of Romen Nadal stated about the constant position of Paris relative to the delivery to Russia of helicopter carriers of the type “mistral”.
“I can remind the statement of the President of republic (Francois Hollande), made it in the interview for the newspaper of Le Monde dated August 20: “Today the level of sanctions does not prevent delivery.
This is the decision of Europeans, but not France "", it cites Mr. Nadalya “Russian International News Agency”.
So the representative of French Department of Foreign Policy answered a question about that, will not be said worsening in the situation in the Ukraine on a change in the position of Paris on fulfilling of this contract
In more detail about the deliveries of helicopter carriers into Russia read in the material of the journal “flame” "" mistral” almost our”.
Council of national security of Ukraine: seven soldiers died in the past twenty-four hours in the zone of military operation
The representative of the national security council and defense of Ukraine Andrey Lysenko reported that in the past twenty-four hours in the zone of military operations to the east of the country died seven Ukrainian soldiers, 25 more were injured.
Situation under Ilovayskom extremely complex.
Until is completed activity according to the withdrawal of forces from the environment, details be proclaimed will not be.
The data about the losses and about the reasons for the prevailing situation will be promulgated on the completion of operation.
The guilty of the appearance of this situation will carry responsibility”, added Mr. Lysenko, after refusing to in more detail discuss situation under Ilovayskom, where several Ukrainian battalions fell into the environment.
According to the representative of SNBO, “is done entire possible, in order to return soldiers, who proved to be themselves in the captivity”, reports ITAR-TASS.
Mr. Lysenko also noted that the Ukrainian servicemen went away from the airport of Lugansk in the direction of the populated area of Georgievka.
In more detail about the situation to the east of Ukraine read in the material “"” “Arsene Avakov: the first Ukrainian servicemen left the environment under Ilovayskom”.
Norwegian Cruise approaches the $3-billionth transaction from Prestige Cruises
Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd NCHL. O, the third in the value cruise operator in the world, is located on the completing stage of negotiations through the acquisition of similar to company Prestige Cruises International Inc for approximately $3 billion, according to the communications of people, acquaintances with the situation.
Transaction would ensure Norwegian Cruise, company with market stoimstyu of $6.8 billions, access to cruise vessels of the class “of luxes” and provided for to clients Prestige Cruises, since it competes with more the important rivals of Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd (RCL. N) and Carnival Corp (CCL. N).
On the agreement it can be declared already on this week, reported sources on Sunday, warning that the negotiations still can fall through.
Owner of Prestige Cruises, the particular investment company of Apollo Global Management LLC (APO. N), it also manages 20 percent of the actions of Norwegian Cruise.
Sources requested to remain unnamed, since negotiations are not open.
The representatives of Norwegian Cruise and Prestige Cruises did not respond to the requests to give commentaries, whereas the representative of Apollo refused to comment on information.
Norwegian Cruise, which is based in Miami, governs 13 cruise ships on the routes, which cover North America, the Mediterranean, the Baltic Sea, central America and the Caribbean.
Its income composed $2.57 billions into 2013, 13 percent higher than into 2012.
Prestige Cruises, which is also based in Miami, works under the brands of Oceania and Regent, which together manage eight cruise vessels, which walk to Scandinavia, Russia, Mediterranean, North America, Asia, Africa and South America.
She stated about the income into $1.2 billions into 2013, 6 percent higher than by year it is earlier.
Is expected that in the $29-billionth cruise industry favorably will be reflected during the subsequent years an increase in the middle class in the developing economies, such as China and India.
Companies racing attempt themselves to position themselves as the cruise operators, preferred by these new clients.
Prestige Cruises was registered in the controls of the USA for the primary public arrangement of actions in January 2014.
Apollo became the basic shareholder of company after the $850-millionth transaction in 2007.
Norwegian Cruise was created in that form, as it exists now, in 2000 as a result of the confluence with the cruise operator, which belonged to Genting Bhd (GENT.KL), to the conglomeration of the entertainments and of the casino, which was being been under the control of Malaysian billionaire LIM cook Teya.
Apollo invested $1 billion in Norwegian Cruise in 2008.
Norwegian Cruise became public company in January 2013.
Genting managed portion into 28 percent, Apollo managed portion into 20 percent, and the particular investment company of TPG Capital LP managed portion into 8 percent in the company, according to the data to the end of June, according to account.
Carnival, Royal Caribbean Cruises and Norwegian Cruise together are 82 percent of cruise passenger flow in North America, according to registration documents during the first public arrangement of the actions of Prestige Cruises.
TV and Radio company “Crimea” can obtain 250 million rubles in the subsidies
In the Ministry of Communications and Mass Media of the Russian Federation they propose to isolate to state TV and Radio company “Crimea” 250 mln rubles. in 2014.
As follows from the project of the decision of the Ministry of Communications and Mass Media, placed on the united portal information disclosure about the preparation of normative reports, subsidy is planned to spend “on coating of expenditures on the creation of conditions for the scale information illumination of social and economic situation and development of contemporary information space in the territory of republic the Crimea”.
Also money go to the purchase of equipment, repair of roof and systems of power supply in the building of the TV and Radio company, based in 1959, reports “Russian International News Agency”.
The activists of the democratic movement of Hong Kong tear away the appearance of Chinese representative next day after making of a decision about the elections
The group of citizens, loyal to Beijing, stood near, swinging by Chinese flag.
The permanent committee of the Pan-Sino of the meeting of people representatives on Sunday determined the procedure, on which only two or three candidates it will be permitted to participate in the elections of the leader of Hong Kong in 2017.
All candidates must first obtain the support of the majority of committee members on advancement, which, probably, will be full of Beijing loyalistov.
The solution makes with almost impossible for the democratic opposition to fall into the ballot and it forced the activists of democratic movement again to promise to stop the financial center of Hong Kong by the protests “of Occupy Central”.
Political reform - is the main source of tension in Hong Kong, since Chinese party leaders fear, that the call to democracy will be extended to other cities.
Following the publication by Beijing the document, which describes the control of China over Hong Kong, in June, the activists of democratic movement conducted unofficial referendum about the elections in the special administrative region, and hundreds of thousands left to the business center of city and they arranged sedentary strike.
Briefing whether is organized by the government of Hong Kong and by Chinese bureau for connections in Hong Kong.
the Vice-chairman of the permanent committee of the Pan-Sino of the meeting of people representatives Zhang Rongshun and the deputy director of bureaus for the affairs of Hong Kong and macaw of the Council of State of Feng twist also it had to appear on a series of briefings during the day.
Student-activists stated that they will be collected in the building of the Head of Government of Hong Kong in the second-half of day.
Great Britain did not mention about democratic control for Hong Kong to the recent days of 150 years of its colonial administration.
The authorities of Israel are intended to join 400 hectares of the earth, which belongs to the Palestinian Authority,
The authorities of Israel declared about the fact that were intended to join 400 hectares of the earth on the West Bank of river Jordan, that belong to the Palestinian Authority.
As transfers “the BBC”, the solution to join the earth south Vifliem is connected with the desire to pay back for theft and murder of three Israeli adolescents in June of this year.
About the annexation ministrestvo of the defense of Israel stated it on Sunday and directed servicemen to fix executive management on the West Bank.
According to the representative of throttle control Saeb Erekat, world community must call Israel to the answer for “continuous settler activity to the West Bank of Jordan and in East Jerusalem”.
Putin requires Kiev to begin the talks about “statehood” of East Ukraine
According to Russian news communications about its remarks, Russian President Vladimir Putin required on Sunday so that the Ukrainian government would end combat with the separatists to the east of the country and would immediately begin the negotiations about “statehood” of the separated region.
Its press-secretary, Dmitriy Peskov, more lately explained, that Putin did not have to hint that the East Ukrainian territory under the control of separatists will become the part of Russia, but that its status inside Ukraine must be reexamined in order to give the opportunity to protect its rights and interests to Russophone region.
However, the call of Putin to the Kiev government to begin negotiations with the prorossiyskimi rebels as with the equal corresponded to obvious strategy, which it follows since the beginning of bloodshed of five months ago: To help separatists to take away territory and to force Ukrainian government to give to the novoprovozglashennoy territory of Novorossii actual independence in order to draw together with Russia, but not with the West.
In the interview for state first television channel Putin condemned Ukrainian military campaign on the recovery retained territory in the eastern Donets and Luganskie regions of the retained by separatists, which were seized in March and April after Moscow annexed Ukrainian peninsula the Crimea on March 18.
The Kremlin and separatists recently named invaded territories Novorossiey, or new Russia, name, which sends away to the pre-revolutionary days of the glory of the Russian Empire.
Putin said that any, who believes in the fact that the peaceful negotiations will occur in the near future, when Ukrainian politicians begin campaigns to the parliamentary elections on October 26, also, while the government troops attack peaceful settlements in the retained by separatists regions, “the prisoner of illusions”, reported ITAR-TASS.
“We must immediately begin meaningful negotiations and not only on technical questions, but also along the political device of society and state status of southeastern Ukraine in order to observe the interests of people, which live there”, he said.
Sands he said that the words of Putin about statehood had in the context of wider autonomy, which was discussed in the course of the months with the leaders in Kiev to in an attempt quiet fears in the Russophone regions, that their cultural and lingual rights in the danger.
Only Ukrainian government can give the necessary autonomy to eastern regions, he said sands.
This is not a question for the consideration between Ukraine and Russia, he said sands, “because this is not conflict between Russia and Ukraine, but internal Ukrainian conflict”.
The interference of press-secretary the Kremlin in order to repair “incorrect interpretation” of the words of Putin it emphasized the solution of Russian leadership of news itself with respect to the separatist uprising to the east of by another method, than the open seizure of the Crimea, where the majority of the 2-millionth population - ethnic Russians.
For Moscow it would be necessary to maintain much heavier battle in order to join even the Donets and Luganskie regions of East Ukraine, since majority of 6.5 million inhabitants not Russians, and interrogations prior to the beginning of conflict showed the wide support of the desire to remain inside Ukraine.
The autonomy, which the Russian diplomats discussed on the international forums it would give to regional governments in Ukraine authority itself to determine trade agreements and foreign policy, in fact, transferring to the Kremlin actual control over the territory, which would connect the basic territory of Russia with the Crimea.
In the Black Sea peninsula, connected of five months ago, is located basic Russian military fleet, and also commercial sea establishments and historical sea health resorts.
In the regions between the Russian Rostovskaya province and Crimea are also located the mines, factories and foundries, which produce the necessary equipment for the Russian army.
The Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko proposed during his inauguratsionnoy speech on June 7 so that the Ukrainian legislators after new elections would weigh corrections to the constitutions, which make it possible to give to the separated regions larger control over their by finances and status of languages.
However, its view on the autonomy, it seems, strongly differs from the view of the Kremlin and rebel-separatists, with weapon and instigation of whom they charge Moscow.
The last call of Putin to Kiev to agree with the leaders of separatists as with the equal, followed the new offensives of rebels last week after Russian troops and tanks entered into East Ukraine from the before peaceful region along the Azov sea.
Separatists the supported by Russia took control Novoazovsk city in the offensive, about which the colleagues of the Ukrainian security service speak that they fear that it is the beginning of campaign on the seizure of strategic land domain to the Crimea itself.
This involved scale civil and war efforts for strengthening of Mariupol, steel foundry port from 500000 inhabitants, which is located between Novoazovskom and by narrow passage in the Crimean peninsula.
Poroshenko on Saturday it turned to the meeting of the leaders of the European Union into Brussels in order to call to the measures for averting of further Russian aggression against Ukraine, former Soviet republic, which was the independent variable of 23 years.
“We approach a point of no return”, warned Poroshenko.
Thousands of foreign servicemen and hundreds of foreign tanks now in the territory of Ukraine.
Summit the European Union did not take the specific measures; leaders called to the composition of the project of the more severe sanctions against Russia, which will be accepted in the case of any escalation of Ukrainian crisis.
For Ukrainian soldiers it was necessary to leave from its positions in Ilovayske after two columns of Russian armament and 1000 servicemen they last week entered into the Donets region in order to support separatists the experiencing difficulties, the Colonel of Andriy Lysenko, press-secretary of the Council for National Security and Defense of Ukraine reported to reporters in Kiev on Saturday.
The first of 63 Ukrainian soldiers, who, according to existing information, are retained in Ilovayske as a result of the Russian invasion, were exchanged on Sunday for 10 Russian aviadesantnikov, seized in the Ukrainian territory week ago, reported Lysenko on Sunday.
Scandal with the exposed photos seizes Australian celebrities and Greco's Gabi
Jeffery Edelsten expressed his aversion to the hackers, who, possibly, stole the exposed photos of its bride of Gabi of Greco and entire enumeration of Hollywood stars.
Hollywood in the resentment after a number of the frank photographs, on which is depicted that exposed Jennifer Lawrence, fell into the Internet as a result of the scale hacker scandal with the celebrities.
They indicate that the hacker, responsible for this, has himself about 60 frank photographs of the star “hungry games” Lawrence and superstars, in number of whom model Keith Apton and penalty of Delevin, singer Rianna, Ariane grandee and Lia of Michelle and actress Kirsten Danst.
In Australian actors Teresa Palmer, Emily Browning, Ivonn to Strakhovski and living in Melbourne by Greco also, supposedly, were stolen photograph as a result of the leakage from iCloud.
In the list 101 names of celebrities.
Edelsten, which made Greco proposal in the past month, Confidential said: “This is abominable”.
Entire particular correspondence and photographs must remain quotients.
It is terrible, that personal information can be stolen and sent out to other people.
Greco, which is located in New York, according to existing information, it said to news website, that hacker attack was “shameful” and that those, on whom it was directed, “they feel, that to them it invaded”.
It is assumed that in hacker is 30 photographs Palmer with the former boyfriend by Scott Spidmenom the, including two sequences, where she lies in the pond with the exposed breast.
Works Palmer in the cinema are included “love and honor” together with Liamom Khemsvortom.
Palmer, star of film “the chock” of Strakhovski and actress from “forbidden method” browning yesterday did not comment on the stolen photographs.
Representative Lawrence said TMZ: “This insolent invasion into the private life.”
Actor Set Rogen expressed his indignation in the address of hacker, after writing in Twitter: “To lay out the photographs, stolen from the cell phone, in reality, differs in no way from sale of stolen goods”.
It is simple from a juridical point of view, it is not possible to suffer the publication of the stolen photographs.
The potential method of the theft of the photo of the exposed celebrities is discovered
The mass breaking of the accounts of stars is, possibly, produced through the vulnerability in the application of Find My Phone.
The potential scenario of the course of events described the resource of The Next Web.
On the resource of Github was published the script in the language of Python, which made it possible to select passwords to the service of Find My Phone of the company of Apple.
This service makes it possible to track the location of iPhone.
For the access to it is used the same bond of login and password of Apple ID, as for the access to the cloud of Apple iCloud, from which were stolen the photographs of celebrities.
Script made it possible by the method of sorting to learn password from Find My Phone.
All possible combinations of symbols consecutively are introduced with this method, beginning from the frequently utilized passwords themselves.
The author of script asserted that in the service of Find My Phone a quantity of introduced versions of passwords is unlimited.
During the correct organization of security system after several unsuccessful attempts to introduce incorrect password the account must be blocked and report to user about at an attempt the breaking.
Because of the vulnerability, the users obtained no communications about the attempt to select password to their account.
Hackers learned password from Apple ID and was used it for the access to iCloud.
According to the communication of the user of Hackapp in Twitter, the vulnerability was discovered two days ago, on Saturday, and scripting program for selecting the passwords was written to it.
The vulnerability is closed at the given moment: after five attempts the access to the service is blocked.
Resource was connected with the user of Hackapp and it noted that the vulnerability mentioned above was characteristic for many services; however, it noted that it does not have the proofs that precisely this vulnerability was used for the access to the account “of stars”.
These are not I, plz RT
In Twitter Prime Minister once again appeared the outside records
Although there are no solid proofs about the fact that the vulnerability in Find My Phone was used for the theft of photographs, earlier there was already the wave of malicious actions with the use of this service.
Hackers intercepted control of device and required ransom from the owners.
In such a case of Apple stated the media outlet that in this case safety of cloud was not compromised; however, it did not carry out investigations about how users lost their accounts.
In Russia also earlier was broken up Twitter the Prime Minister of RF of Dmitry Medvedev.
If criminals obtained access to iCloud by means described above, then there could it is stored and password to the account of the Head of Government in the service of mikrobloginga.
For the resource of The Next Web it was impossible to obtain the commentaries of Apple apropos of the vulnerability in Find My Phone.
Putin granted Russian citizenship to Ukrainian pyatiborke
The President of Russia Vladimir Putin granted Russian citizenship to well-known Ukrainian sportswoman to Anna Buryak.
The corresponding decree is published on the Internet portal of legal information.
At the beginning of this year the sportswoman moved to Russia in place of permanent residence and turned into the federation of contemporary pentathlon with the request to grant to it the opportunity to speak in favor of composite RF.
2013-m it won two stages of the World Cup, earned the silver medal of the championship of Europe in the personal superiority and she became the champion of peace in the mixed relay race, which is one of the new forms of program in this form of sport.
It retains the leading positions, also, in the current season.
According to rules in order to come out at the Olympics-2016 in Rio de Janeiro, it should obtain the special permission of the Olympic committee of Ukraine.
Anna Buryak the not first Ukrainian sportswoman, who replaced citizenship.
In July Vladimir Putin decreed to give out Russian passport to the chess player of Ekaterina Lagno - to native of L'vov, who is the two-fold champion of Europe (2005, 2008), peace of blitsu (2010) and rapid chess (2014).
In the composition of the female command of Ukraine the sportswoman became the conqueror of the chess Olympics in Torino (2006), command world championship in Astana (2013) and the command championship of Europe in Warsaw (2013).
SKR (Investigative Committee of the Russian Federation) ended the investigation of catastrophe Tu-204 into Vnukovo
The Investigative Committee of Russia (SKR (Investigative Committee of the Russian Federation)) ended criminal case for the fact of the crash of aircraft Tu-204 of the airline of Red Wings.
The press service of department reports about this.
The solution was accepted in connection with death of the commander of air vessel and flight engineer.
Judicial examination showed that the reason for catastrophe became the increased approach speed, nonfulfillment by the crew of standard procedures on the landing, and also the unpremeditated output of engines for the increased revolutions of direct thrust.
Aircraft Tu-204 of the airline of Red Wings, which followed by voyage Prague - Moscow, suffered wreck on December 29, 2012 with the landing in the Moscow airport Vnukovo.
Air vessel was rolled for the runway and caught fire.
At the place of the incident they died the commander of air vessel, co-pilot and flight engineer.
Two flight attendents were delivered into the therapeutic establishments, where subsequently they passed away from the obtained injuries.
three additional flight attendents, hospitalized with the heavy bodily injuries, passed prolonged treatment.
Furthermore, heavy bodily injuries obtained the driver of motor vehicle, who was moving himself at the moment of catastrophe along the Kiev highway.
There were no passengers on board the air vessel.
The transport prosecutor's office after catastrophe conducted in Red Wings the checking, in the course of which numerous disturbances were revealed.
In February 2013 the action of the license of airline was stopped.
Company renewed the work in the summer of 2013.
Alexander Emelyanenko began to be trained in SIZO (Detention Facility)
The well-known Russian fighter of the mixed style 33-year Alexander Emelyanenko, who is situated in SIZO (Detention Facility) through the charge in the compulsive actions of sexual nature in the attitude of household worker, completely was set right from the injuries and approached the trainings.
About this reports “the championship”.
In May this year the Investigative Committee of Russia produced for Alexander Emelyanenko charge in the rape.
That suspected was declared in the search, on May 9 it they detained in Tambov after accomplishment by it the road accident, as a result of which it obtained the break of thigh.
Emelyanenko-youngest was placed under the arrest until August 31, was on September 1 assigned the carrying out of sentence.
However, court was transferred, and consequence insisted during the prolongation of the period of the content under arrest until September 30.
If fault of athlete will be proven, to it threatens the imprisonment for the period up to six years.
In what force, brother?
“Tape. RU” recalls the most scandalous histories in Alexander Emelyanenko's career
Its last duel Emelyanenko conducted the in January present year, after losing by technical knock-out to a compatriot to Dmitriy Sosnovskiy.
Alexander - the junior brother of more well-known fighter Fedor Emelyanenko.
The latter is fourfold world champion of mixed combat art, fourfold world champion and sevenfold champion of Russia of the combat of SAMBO (unarmed self-defense).
Anger proved to be most universal and most functional emotion of the man
The angry expression of face is biologically universal for humanity, and each organ participating in its creation and group of muscles is not by chance, but it is the additional means of the expression of power and threat, the scientists of Australia and USA explained.
About their discoveries they described in the periodical of Evolution and Human Behavior, and briefly about them it is possible to read in the press release of the University of California in Santa-Barbara.
The angry expression of face - the moved and lowered eyebrows, elongated into the thin line of lip, bulging nostrils - is equal in all cultures, and make its even blind since birth children, never its those seen, notes the chief author of a study Aaron Sell.
Within the framework of the major research project, dedicated to nature of anger, the scientists explained that this emotion for the effective conducting of disputes during the conflict arose.
The more the physical damage one person can apply to another, the greater in it the opportunities to dictate its conditions, and it reports this to the collocutor with the aid of anger.
Researchers found confirmation and their other hypothesis: physically strong people more frequently are angered and pass to child abuse, considers themselves right to tie as other conditions unfavorable for them, and the power methods of solving the conflicts also prefer to peaceful.
Being repulsed from the fact that anger is, first of all, “the emotion of trading”, scientists solved, what motions by each of seven groups of muscles, creating angry expression persons, must present the being angry herself individual by more powerful and more dangerous in the eyes of collocutor - and thus make it necessary to as soon as possible agree with his conditions into avoiding of conflict.
For checking this hypothesis the researchers modelled on the computer of the person, where each of seven elements of the angry person existed or was absent, and they showed their informants.
Although the omitted eyebrows or advanced forward chin did not individually make face with evil, then person depicted with such features as stronger physically participants in the study recognized unanimously.
Anger of man, as in animals, is expressed the threat: the exaggerated manifestation of its own force, which forces to agree and to obey.
Man fans nostrils and gathers lips with the same purpose, as the frog, that is inflated, or the baboon, that demonstrates its canine teeth.
“Anger “is started” by the failure of collocutor to accept situation, and face immediately takes the form, maximally which effectively demonstrates to the opposite side of the consequence of this failure.
But the most striking - that none of the components of the angry person is arbitrary, they all express one and the same”, noted anthropologist John Tubi.
To the Ministry of Communications and Mass Media proposed to isolate 250 million rubles in the TV and Radio company “Crimea”
To the Ministry of Communications and Mass Media it proposed to allot in 2014 from the Federal Budget of 250 million rubles in the autonomous nonprofit organization “TV and Radio company “the Crimea "".
This it is discussed in the project of the decision of government, prepared by the department, with which became acquainted “the tape. RU”.
According to explanatory note to the project, subsidy from the Federal Budget will be directed “toward coating of expenditures along the creation of conditions for the scale information illumination of social and economic situation and development of contemporary information space in the territory of republic the Crimea, including the acquisition of equipment”.
In particular, to the chosen money it is intended to re-equip apparatus-studio block, videosteny, central instrument room and videoservernuyu.
Is planned also the acquisition of mobile television station and satellite transmitter.
Furthermore, from allocated resources company will pay the use of fiber-optic line of communications (VOLS) and conducting of repairing the system of power engineering.
Subsidies will be given in the limits of the means of Federal Budget, provided for the Ministry of Communications and Mass Media.
State Broadcasting company “Crimea” is created in 1959, is achieved broadcasting in seven languages: Ukrainian, Russian, krymskotatarskom, German, Greek, Bulgarian and Armenian.
Today the scope comprises more than 75 percent of the territory of peninsula by the TV signal of TV and Radio company.
In 2011 “TV and Radio company “the Crimea "" obtained license to the telecast in the digital format.
