Prime Ministers of India and Japan meet in Tokyo
The new Prime Minister of India, Narendra modi, meets with his Japanese counterpart, Shinzo Abe, in Tokyo to discuss communication in the field of economy and security, as part of his first major foreign visit after winning the elections in may.
Mr. modi is a five-day trip to Japan with the aim of strengthening economic relations with the third largest economy in the world.
At the head of the agenda plans to expand nuclear cooperation.
India is also reportedly, hopes for an agreement on defence cooperation between the two States.
FANO of Russia will hold final Expert session
Federal Agency of scientific organizations (FANO Russia) jointly with the Russian Academy of Sciences will hold a third Expert session on "evaluating the effectiveness of research organizations".
The meeting will be the final in a series of meetings conducted by the Agency during the year, according to a press release received by the editors "<url>".
At the third meeting is to summarize the work of the Expert session for the year and to generate the final list of indicators for assessing the performance of research organizations.
Separately, the participants plan to discuss the rules for the formation of expert teams responsible for the evaluation of scientific work groups, and criteria for evaluation.
The third expert session will be the final event in a series of events for the formation of uniform for all three academies approach to the methodology of assessing the effectiveness of scientific organizations.
Over the past five months we have succeeded, and the final version of the normative document is being approved.
According to the results of the next session, we must complete the development of processes and scientometric expertise, to agree on the stages and timing of the evaluation," said head of the expert-analytical Department of FANO of Russia Elena Aksenova.
The event will be attended by representatives of over one hundred scientific institutions of Russia.
According to its results, it is expected the adoption of the resolution.
The meeting will begin at 10 a.m. Moscow time on 16 September 2014 at the address: Moscow, Solyanka street, the house 14.
Scientists have found a way to detect kindred stars
Astrophysics from the University of California at Santa Cruz studied turbulent mixing and its influence on chemical homogeneity in star clusters.
It is expected that the opening of specialists will allow you to search among the stars related, that have arisen from the same cluster.
The results of their research, the authors published in the journal Nature, and briefly they can be found on the University website.
Cause the same chemical composition of nearby stars is the turbulent mixing in the clouds of gas that precedes the formation of stars.
Even if born star then leaves the star cluster on its chemical composition to identify the place of her birth, and region of star formation-relatives.
Previously, scientists have little doubt that the evolution of stars outside the cluster may lead to differences in its chemical content from that of relatives in the cluster.
The results of modeling conducted by astronomers show that such differences should not appear.
In their research, experts with the help of a supercomputer has modelled two streams of interstellar gas, which together formed a cloud.
This object for several millions of years under its own gravity converted to the cluster in which they are formed protostar.
Scientists have added paint-markers in the initial gas flows and determined that due to the rapid turbulent mixing in the cloud is achieved a high degree of chemical homogeneity.
As astrophysicists believe that their study shows that you can search star-relatives in chemical composition, and to determine the possible regions of formation of such objects.
The Karratha police arrested 20-year-old after chasing a motorcycle at high speed
The motorcycle was impounded after it passed at the speed of 125 km/h in a zone with speed limit of 70 km/h and through bushland to hide from the police in the Pilbara.
Transport police patrol in Karratha this morning, tried to stop a blue motorcycle, and found that its speed reaches 125 km/h when he left the service station Bathgate road.
Police say the motorcyclist did not stop and continued along Burgess road, then turned to bushland, resulting in the police lost sight of him.
A motorcycle and a man matching the description of the driver, were seen near the house on Wolcott way in Bulgari.
The Karratha police have charged 20-year-old man charged with failure to stop and dangerous driving.
He must be brought before the world court Karratha September 23.
The motorcycle was seized and detained for three months.
The academic year in DND will not begin before October
September 1 of the academic year in DND will not start because the region only 10% of children.
This was announced by the Minister of education and science of the self-proclaimed Republic Igor the village of Kostenki.
According to him, 11% of students went to other regions of Ukraine, 20% in Russia.
Education in schools on the territory controlled by the DPR, will not begin before October 1.
However, teachers will be released on the 1st of September.
Completed the investigation of the crash of TU-204 at Vnukovo airport in 2012
Russia's investigative Committee has finished investigation of criminal case on the fact of the crash of TU-204 at Vnukovo airport in December 2012.
This was reported today in the RF IC.
"Moscow inter-regional investigatory management on transport of Investigatory Committee of Russia has completed the investigation of the criminal case initiated on the fact of the accident aircraft TU - 204 of airlines "the Red Wings" at Vnukovo airport on December 29, 2012, on signs of the crime provided by part 3 of article 263 of the criminal code / violation of safety rules of movement and operation of air transport, entailed on imprudence death of two and more persons/", - stated in the message Department.
The cause of the accident were the failure of the crew of standard procedures and increased the speed of landing.
George Webster accused of rape in hotels in Narni and Pitlochry
The man will appear before court on charges of rape of women in the two hotels.
George Webster, 28, indicted during a hearing of the High court in Glasgow.
Presumably, he raped a woman in the hotel "Scotland z" in Pitlochry, Perthshire, June 7, 2013.
It is alleged that Webster attacked her when she was "unconscious, asleep, and was not able to give consent."
In addition, Webster is accused of raping another woman in the hotel "Golf view" in Name, which is located in the Scottish highlands, on 4 may 2014.
Judge Lady RAE set the hearing date in the High court in Edinburgh on November 17.
Lavrov: Russia will not "slam the door" in connection with new sanctions and will not come out of the WTO
Russia will not "slam the door" on new sanctions.
This was stated today by the Russian foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov, speaking to students and faculty of MGIMO.
About our response measures in the event of a new wave of anti-Russian sanctions, I'm not even going to argue, to dream, because everything has to be specifically designed, " he said.
And when we understand what will be earned by this time European and American partners, then we'll make decisions about how to respond to that.
It is not associated with slamming doors, some offense, falsely understood, - the Minister emphasized.
First of all, we will build on our interests, interests to protect its economy, social sphere, our citizens, our businesses and make conclusions based on the actions of partners in terms of their adequacy, negotiability and secure.
On the steps taken in the area of sanctions, can very well judge what we are seeking partners, " continued the Minister.
If in a loud voice said to have "sanctions will be painful for us, but we are forced to go to Russia to punish" is probably not very adequate".
With regard to the WTO of RF output in response to possible new sanctions.
We, however, want to actively master the tools of the WTO, including when it comes to trade disputes, " said Lavrov.
We have used this Toolkit to overcome, we believe, the discriminatory policy of the EU in relation to anti-dumping procedures.
According to the Minister, Russia is accused of dumping and thus can be used against sectors of Russia's economy anti-dumping measures.
"We are ready to use WTO mechanisms and in order to defend our position on the inadmissibility to apply the norms of the third energy package of the EU in retrospect," said Lavrov.
How to use lilac in the garden design?
Questions answers Irina Okuneva:
As lilac after flowering loses most of its appeal, it is desirable to plant with other shrubs.
It goes perfectly with many cultures.
And near the lilac can and should be planted as plants, decorative on other dates and flowering simultaneously with it.
Another plus lilac in that it provides plenty of opportunities for creativity.
You can generate it from Stam a tree of different height, better Bush, Bush with a broad base and even the likeness of garden bonsai - tree with fancy curved inner barrel.
Simply select the form that is more consistent with the design of your garden.
In Karelia for sale of counterfeit money sentenced the inhabitant of Leningrad region
As reported in the Republican interior Ministry, the man was engaged in criminal activity in Olonets and Segezha areas.
In addition to Karelia, he committed similar crimes in other regions of the country.
In particular, the defendant has had time to leave marks in the Vologda region, where this spring he was sentenced to two and a half years of imprisonment.
Later, the man appeared before the Olonets district court.
And for the end of the investigation on the crimes committed in our country, was transferred to Segezha.
In the process of investigating proven guilty on multiple counts of sale of counterfeit money pertaining to summer 2013.
At the end of June this year, the materials of the criminal case with the indictment was sent to court.
Friday, August 29, the court issued a decision to replace the term of imprisonment for four years with serving in a standard regime penal colony.
The sentence has not entered validity.
We will remind, last week convicted two distributor of counterfeit money who paid them in stores Petrozavodsk.
The citizens of Azerbaijan came to Karelia also from St. Petersburg.
One of them was imprisoned for five years, another for four.
Each fined 500 thousand rubles.
The sentence is also in force not yet.
In Arkhangelsk noted 73th anniversary of the arrival of the first convoy "dervish"
The rally, which was held in the regional center, was dedicated to the first Arctic convoy.
"Dervish" was taken to the USSR military aid from the US and the UK.
In Arkhangelsk, a commemoration meeting was held at laying the cornerstone of the future monument to the participants of the Arctic convoys, which is located on the promenade named Sedov in the Solombala.
The event brought together representatives of veterans organizations Arkhangelsk, children from the cadet class.
First we gathered twenty-three years ago, when it was laid the Foundation stone.
But at the same time the current event is not a holiday, but a day of remembrance for those who have not returned the sea", - said the Chairman of the Council of veterans of the Northern shipping company Boris Karpov.
Then at the event were city brass band, and pupils of cadet classes gave flowers to veterans and marched with the flags of Russia and the Victory banner.
The rally ended with laying flowers to the memorial stone.
The convoy consisted of five English ships, and a Dutch transport loaded strategically important raw materials (10,000 tons of rubber, 1 500 tons of Shoe shaped, tin, wool and a variety of other equipment and machinery).
Also on Board of ships and military equipment and armament - 3 800 depth bombs and magnetic mines, fifteen fighter planes hurricane, in a disassembled state.
The convoy escort was 16 ships of the Navy of great Britain, among whom were two aircraft carriers.
The convoy was not detected by the enemy and safely reached the destination of Arkhangelsk.
Only 848 of the ships that participated in the vital operations, conducting convoys, killing 126 transport and about 50 military courts.
As part of the "Amur autumn" festival of Amateur cinema
From 10 to 12 September in Blagoveshchensk there will be a festival of Amateur films "Cinamon" within "the Amur autumn".
Local film enthusiasts will have the opportunity to participate in master classes and screenings of the festival of theatre and cinema.
September 10 participants "Kinaara" will participate in the master class of famous Directors, creative meeting and showing "Short": "good", "Going orange", "Arys-field".
September 11 will be a special screening of "Fire under the Board" Amur Director Seeds Rudenko.
12 September will be held the closing ceremony of the festival "Cinamon", which will be summed up and the winners of the festival.
The Amateur film contest will be held in several categories.
For the first time will participate cartoons: the festival has selected 3 of the animated film.
Just participate in the festival by 11 authors.
The following year, the participants are planning to exhibit at the Russian level, the press service of the city administration.
Remembering the very American ideal that labor rights are human rights
Congressmen Keith Ellison and John Lewis has proposed a bill by which the organization of trade unions is protected as a civil right.
"Where are the unions there and the jobs of the middle class," says Ellison, Democrat from Minnesota, who co-chairs the congressional Progressive Faction.
That is why I am proud to present the Act of empowering employees with the symbol of the civil rights movement by John Lewis.
This groundbreaking bill will give workers the same legal possibilities for discrimination, Union organizing, and other forms of discrimination, stopping the enemy forces of the trade unions
Changing the Law on regulation of labour relations in such a way as to allow employees facing discrimination for participating in the organization of trade unions, to seek justice in the civil courts - and to get damages and penalty payments - reasonable and necessary initiative.
However, this is certainly not a radical initiative - at least by American standards.
Actually, the best way to understand what offer Ellison, Lewis and co-authors of the bill, is to remember a very American idea.
Despite the attacks, which the trade unions have undergone in the last few years in Wisconsin, Michigan and other States across the country - Americans once supported countries all over the world to take, to expand and to respect labour rights.
There was a time that still remember the millions of Americans when this country was simultaneously defending democracy, freedom of speech, freedom of the press and the right to organize.
When the United States occupied Japan after world war II, General Douglas MacArthur and his aides helped the country to adopt the Constitution, designed to ensure that militarized autocracy Hideki Tojo was replaced by democracy.
Fully aware that workers and their unions play a role in the formation of a new Japan, they included text, which expressly recognized that "the right of workers to organize, and on the negotiations, and collective action is guaranteed".
When the United States occupied Germany after world war II, General Dwight David Eisenhower and his aides helped the Germans to write a Constitution, which ensured that the fascism of Adolf Hitler has been replaced by a strong democracy.
Recognizing that workers will need to organize and be heard in the new state, the Germans have included an article that openly stated: "the Right to form associations to protect and improve employment and economic conditions is guaranteed to each person and each profession or field of activity.
Agreements which restrict or seek to restrict this right will not have any legal force; measures aimed at these objectives will be considered illegal.
When former first lady Eleanor Roosevelt was the Chairman of the International Commission on human rights, which amounted to the world Declaration on human rights, in 1948, adopted by the United Nations as a world agreement, Roosevelt and the drafters have included a guarantee that "everyone has the right to organize and join trade unions for the protection of his interests".
Generations of Americans took for granted the basic proposition that labour rights are human rights.
When this country was advising other countries on how to establish a civil and democratic society, the Americans explained that the right to organize trade unions and to this Union participated as an equal partner in collective bargaining with corporations and government agencies - must be protected.
Now, when these rights are under attack in America, wisely, indeed, to return to the American ideal that working people should have the right to organize and to have their voices heard in a free and open society.
As the Reverend Martin Luther king Jr. said fifty years ago:
History is a great teacher.
Now everyone knows that the trade Union movement has not undermined the strength of the nation, but increased them.
Raising the living standards of millions, unions miraculously created a market for industry and lifted the whole nation to an unimaginable level of production.
Those who attack the unions, forget these simple truths, but history remembers them.
History remembers, as should we.
Official recognition of labour rights as human rights - and the extension of protection of civil rights, to prevent discrimination against the organization of trade unions is long overdue.
Keith Ellison and John Lewis revive the ideals that have historically expanded America and made the promise of democracy a reality.
Judge temporarily blocks law that could close all abortion clinics in Louisiana
In a US Federal judge on Sunday temporarily blocked enforcement of the law of Louisiana, which his supporters say he will most likely be closed all five abortion clinics in the state.
According to this measure, which was signed by the Governor of Louisiana Bobby Cinedom in June and was due to enter into force on 1 September, the doctors who do abortions, had to have the power of taking patients to the hospital within 30 miles of their practice.
However, the judge's decision means that at the moment doctors can continue to obtaining a legal abortion, while continuing to seek such powers.
"The plaintiffs will be allowed to work legally, continuing actions to obtain powers," wrote in his decision, judge John degravelles.
The hearing will be scheduled within the month on which the judge will make a more permanent decision on this law.
Defenders of the right to abortion were happy with this decision, the latest in a string of decisions against similar measures, saying it will give doctors more time to the receiving hospital authority.
"Today's decision ensures that women of Louisiana will be protected from the insidious law that seeks to deprive them of their health and rights," said Nancy Northup, President and Director of the Center for reproductive rights, which filed the lawsuit to stop the law from three of the five clinics in the state.
It was not immediately obvious whether the decision to the doctors of the two hospitals, who were not plaintiffs in the case, and also applied to powers of appointment.
Louisiana included in 11 States that have passed similar laws, and the courts have recently acknowledged such measures unconstitutional in Alabama and Mississippi.
The key parts of Texas law that would close most of the remaining clinics in the state, were blocked by a Federal judge on Friday.
Advocates for abortion rights, along with the American College of obstetricians and gynecologists and the American medical Association say that the laws about powers of appointment impose on doctors restrictions that are not necessary from the point of view of medicine.
Opponents of abortion argue that such measures are aimed at protecting women's health, although some also noted their positive effect in the closing of clinics.
There is one doctor who does abortions in Louisiana, has the power of admission to the hospital, said the Center for reproductive rights.
If all the other doctors in the state will be forced to stop performing this procedure, the doctor, fearing for his safety, would cease to perform this procedure, told the group.
Criticizing the decision, officials in Louisiana said that will not punish doctors who undergo abortion, while their claims on powers of appointment are waiting for the decision.
What will the introduction of quotas on domestic products
At least half of the products for each type of product assortments should be manufactured in Russia, said the Deputy of the state Duma from fraction "Fair Russia" Oleg Nilov.
The MP has drafted a bill on the introduction of protective measures against domestic producers, the newspaper "Izvestia".
The document will be disaggregated to avoid possible discomfort to the customers.
This applies to goods that are not produced in Russia. <...> For other groups of products that are produced in Russia, the retailer will need to provide at least half of their shelves to domestic producers", - said Nilov edition.
Together with the amendments to the article "On fundamentals of state regulation of trade activity in the Russian Federation" the bill provides for the amendments to the Tax code establishing the reduced VAT rate of 10% in selling products manufactured in Russia.
The idea is to introduce a 50% quota in the trade networks included in the incentive package for Russian producers.
On the shelves will be several times more domestic goods.
However, the initiative may have both positive and negative effects, experts say.
According to the lawyer of the company "the Tax specialist", member of the independent expert of the centre "non-governmental Duma Sergey Litvinenko, the Russian economy, as well as for domestic agricultural and food industries, the effect will be positive and will lead to growth.
In would benefit agricultural producers, farmers, small shops.
They will be able to sell more, which means that the profit will grow.
In addition, they will have the right to dictate to the retailers their terms and rates because they will be forced to buy their products.
Russian producers will be able to increase the volume of its activities and sales, which will lead to paying higher taxes than before.
This will increase the budget revenues, create new jobs, something the industry will begin to expand, some to get, will contribute to GDP growth.
Russia's dependence on foreign food fall several times, though not immediately," - said the expert.
Earlier, the Russian businesses often could not get on the shelves of local stores due to high competition from foreign counterparts.
Now, after the embargo, this niche is freed and can breathe a sigh of relief.
But do not forget that after all necessary approvals and sanitary inspections on the Russian market will be food products from Latin America, Turkey and Serbia.
In other words, now is the "moment of silence", when the old players left and new ones have not arrived.
After nearly a month we can talk about the increasing demand for domestic raw materials, as well as higher prices for finished products," said Aify first Vice-President of Russian public organization Russian club of financial Directors", Ph. D. Tamara Kasyanov.
Clearly, the idea is to sell in each category at least 50% of the Russian food products in order to consolidate the sector for local producers.
In this case, they will compete with each other, and not with goods, at the expense of another state subsidies, are cheaper.
In other words, the fight for customers will be between companies working in the TV industry.
On the other hand, said Kasyanov, the Russian manufacturers are able to meet 50% of domestic needs of compatriots on some but not all counts.
And in this situation, retailers will have to "endure" the share of Russian goods to one-half of the range.
In this regard, there is a growing fear that the shelves will go defective goods.
Perhaps under the guise of made in Russia will be supplied to foreign products with broken labels," adds the expert.
The negative impact of the introduction of quotas will feel the big retailers, especially those who are more profitable to cooperate with importers.
It is logical that under such circumstances will suffer themselves and foreign suppliers, as demand for their products will decline.
Litvinenko does not exclude that the law on quotas for domestic goods, may also affect the consumers.
The fact that some products of Russian production can yield in quality to foreign analogues, while shops will be able to inflate the price of the latter, as a scarce commodity.
Forgotten in the early 2000-ies the idea of import substitution economists started talking again in February of this year due to the ongoing devaluation of the ruble.
Now amid tense relations with the West, the question of rejection of imported products becomes even more important.
The law is designed to require retailers in the formation of orders to suppliers to be considered domestic producers.
Then we are much faster and more confidently take the path of import substitution, and the system of production planning for the required products will be created in a shorter period of time," says Deputy Oleg Nilov.
Particularly effective mechanism for quota allocation will be for those agricultural sectors, where the potential is especially high, for example, in the dairy industry, where the share of imports accounted for 25%.
Our farmers are actually able to fully cover the shelves of Russian stores.
In addition, a powerful momentum can get and meat production.
As you know, the largest share of imports is maintained by the beef - 30% to 35%.
So, 65-70% are still on Russian products," says Kasyanov.
Experts are of the opinion that the introduction of quotas for domestic products will contribute to import substitution and can accelerate this process.
However, by itself, to the substitution this initiative will not, because this requires a package of measures, I am sure Litvinenko.
In any case 50% of the goods sold under this initiative can still be imported from abroad, which means that the full import substitution will not occur, but significant steps in this direction will be done.
There is also not enough to set quotas, you need to have to establish in the country the production of domestic products to these quotas to fulfill.
Data quota just such a guarantee and will provide", - says the expert.
Late diagnosis and lack of access to optimal treatment mean that ovarian cancer in rural areas more kills
Angelina Jolie and her brother James posted a video memory of their late mother who died from ovarian cancer in 2007.
Women prodigiosa in rural Australia face a higher risk of death from ovarian cancer than living in cities.
The researchers analyzed maps of the disease more than 1100 Australian women diagnosed with ovarian cancer in 2005, found that only 35 percent lived five years after he was diagnosed.
Lead researcher Susan Jordan from the Institute of medical research QIMR Berghofer reported that the probability of dying during the study, 20 percent higher among those who live in regional and remote areas of the state than those who live in urban areas.
A LITTLE RESEARCH: New drugs may slow lung cancer and ovarian cancer
The researchers tracked the health of women for seven years.
Dr. Jordan said that the woman's age at the time of diagnosis, the type of ovarian cancer, the presence of current disease and socioeconomic status also influenced the probability of survival.
Women of older age and those who have the cancer was in a later stage at the time of diagnosis had the lowest survival rates.
For those who lived in regional or remote areas of the state, the probability of dying during the study was 20 percent higher than for those who lived in urban areas.
Although the study was not designed to determine why women living outside the cities, are more likely to die from ovarian cancer, Dr. Jordan suggested that late diagnosis and lack of access to optimal treatment - possible factors.
"This disease is best treated by surgeons who specialize in gynecologic Oncology, and they are mainly located in big cities," she said.
Despite improving the quality of telemedicine services, to reduce the effect of distance, it is assumed that the increase in the number of services on the road, which will allow specialists to treat women closer to home, and programmes to support people undergoing treatment away from your home, can help.
Dr. Jordan said that regardless of their geographic location, the study found that a long duration of life among women with ovarian cancer was rare, stressing the need for more effective treatment strategies and prevention.
The study, funded by the Rio Tinto Ride to Conquer cancer, will be published today in the Medical Journal of Australia.
In March 2012, at the age of 33, a young mother from the Gold coast to the Elisha Neave said that she had an aggressive form of ovarian cancer.
In September Kuzhenersky region will open new doors FAP
The medical clinic in the village of Tactilely was launched in April this year and was conducted according to the standard design.
The cost of the work amounted to little more than 10 million rubles.
According to the Department of public relations and information of the Head of Mari El, the financing of the construction of the facility was carried out at the expense of the Republican budget in accordance with the targeted investment program.
Total area built medical facility is nearly 230 square meters.
"It will provide medical care to residents of eight villages: the village of Tachibanaki and villages of Dementieva, Panaroma, Tunya, Tomichi, Toriblack, Sinor and Cascal.
New first-aid station will replace the current FAP, a building which was built in 1918 and has long exhausted its resources, and its premises do not meet sanitary-hygienic requirements.
The new institution will open soon.
Killed four-month-old son in a drunken state Novocheboksarsk will appear before court
The inhabitant of Chuvashiya will be in the dock for the murder of her own child.
In Cheboksary completed the investigation of the criminal case against 31-year resident of Novocheboksarsk accused of causing death by negligence.
The investigation revealed that on July 26 of this year, the accused together with four-month-old son arrived at the celebration of the birth of a child of the godmother in Cheboksary.
After a long feast Novocheboksarsk decided to stay away and put the child to sleep.
When at night the baby woke up and cried, drunk woman put it next to him on the bed to breastfeed, but soon fell asleep.
During sleep, the woman leaned on her son, with the result that he died from suffocation.
Criminal case, according to the press service of the SU TFR in Chuvashia, sent to the court.
Inflation came from vacation.
Will the Russians sharp rise in the price
As a result of cross-sanctions between Russia and the West Russian inflation will accelerate and doesn't meet the forecasts of the authorities, believe analysts of "VTB Capital".
According to experts, the deferred consequences of retaliatory sanctions will lead to an inflationary shock in the first quarter of 2015, writes RBC Daily.
According to the latest forecast of the Ministry of economic development, in 2014 inflation will be 6.5-7.5 per cent next year, less than 6.5 percent.
However, according to the newspaper "Kommersant", this week the MAYOR should make a "small but crucial adjustments in the macroeconomic forecast until 2017.
According to the publication, the Agency may lower the inflation estimate for 2015 that would eliminate the expected zero growth of incomes of the population.
In the forecast, it was assumed that the food sanctions of the Russian Federation operating year, until August 2015.
In such a situation it was possible to assume such a high inflation?
The current situation involves a one-time shock, but the downward trend of inflation will not change," - said the newspaper's source in the Ministry of Finance.
Economists from "VTB the Capital" do not share the expectations of the financial and economic block of the government on inflation and forecast growth of prices in 2014, at 8%.
The main effect of product bans will come along with a possible introduction in the regions of the Russian Federation sales tax (EPT) in 2015, experts say.
Inflationary peak of 9% will be in February, then the annual rate of price growth will decline, experts say.
By the way, last week Rosstat summed up the first inflationary outcome after Russia imposed a "neat sanctions".
Aify interviewed experts and found their inflation expectations.
Artem Deev, head of the analytical Department of FC AForex:
The price increase has already been observed by the main segments of goods.
Moreover, when they began to rise socially important products, the government was forced to launch measures of system monitoring price stability in order to prevent the risks of unjustified price increases in the short term.
Suppliers and retailers are already reporting on daily basis to regulatory authorities that the authorities knew exactly who, when and for what reason triggers a price increase.
Key factors in the growth of the consumer price index continues to be a tremendous rate of capital outflow, excessive refinancing of the banking sector of the Russian mega-regulator, internal conversion due to the displacement of populations in foreign currency, as well as the embargo on the import of food products from countries that joined the sanctions against Russia.
If inflationary pressures remained under control, the cost of the basket in the minimum set of products would not jumped by 12% in just one quarter.
Ban on import of food products has led to a supply shock in the domestic market and led to a completely logical increase in the final cost.
Because at this stage we are unable to fully start up the mechanism of import substitution, and increase self-sufficiency of the Russian market at the expense of domestic production, retaliatory sanctions will continue to bear the risk of rising inflationary component.
If we add and fiscal reasons associated with lack of confidence in the national currency, as well as worsened the prospects for economic growth, by the end of this year inflation could exceed 8%.
Alexander Razuvayev, Director of the analytical Department of "Alpari"
In the 90 years, inflation sometimes reached 20-30% in the month, zero it also was above the current level, another thing is that then it was compensated by rapid economic growth.
I think at year-end inflation will be 8-8,5%.
Platon Maguta, the asset Manager of the criminal code "Fund maguta"
External factor associated with sanctions against Russia, while successfully constrained, but if there is a greater pressure primarily on the financial sector - this can lead to certain difficulties and increase inflationary expectations of the population, which usually traditionally are evident in the purchases of cash currency in order to protect their savings.
It can be assumed that the government, Central Bank and Ministry of Finance will try to mitigate the gradual weakening of the ruble, as market methods, and government regulation.
But rising prices traditionally begins after the summer lull and perhaps this fall will be more visible.
The target level of consumer inflation in Russia 7.5%, most likely, will survive, as RF has more financial savings.
Horticultural centres grieve from the reduction in the number of homeowners
This fall, due to the extreme reduction in the number of homeowners under 35 years of age, can lead to the fact that gardening centers will begin to lose tens of millions of pounds a year, when today's young consumers reached "main age of horticulture", according to the HTA study, reported Financial Times.
According to this report, people, tenants spend an average of 55 percent of the amount that homeowners spend on gardening.
It mentions the increase in the number of people living in highly urbanized areas without gardens, the popularity of asphalting of yards in front of the house for Parking and reducing the size of the garden as other factors which pose a threat to the industry, the annual sales volume of which, estimated at £5 billion.
In greater London, where the number of homeowners fell from 61 per cent to 43 per cent in six years, the lowest in the UK, the level of expenditures on goods for gardeners per household.
HTA and the Royal horticultural society said that the rental housing and the lack of space for garden does not mean that people can't grow plants.
Guy Barter, chief adviser on horticulture at the RHS, said: "the Cultivation of plants in containers, for example, is particularly popular with tenants that can take the plants with you when you move".
The HTA report identified the period between 1997 and 2005 as the "Golden age" of retail trade of goods for gardening due to the increase in the homeownership and economic prosperity from the late 1980s to mid-1990s.
It also predicts that the market will improve this year thanks to better-after adverse weather conditions in March and April last year.
The Ministry of agriculture of Bulgaria held a mass purge in the Fund "Agriculture"
Three of the four heads of Fund "Agriculture" were replaced on Friday.
In total, three of the four heads of Fund "Agriculture" were replaced on Friday.
Officially, the Ministry of agriculture of Bulgaria informed only about the removal from office of the Executive Director Atanas Dobrev.
His place was taken by Lozan Vasilev.
It turned out that on Friday quietly been replaced and two of the three Deputy Executive Directors of the Fund.
Released Deputy Executive Director Tatyana Angelova, which until that time was responsible for state aid and the SAPARD programme, reports BGNES with reference to the newspaper "Trud".
I was not present at the Board of governors of the Fund, because by law we are not members of management, but I was informed later that I was released.
I can't say why my dismissal is not reported on the website of the Fund.
I'm on vacation.
Hope we'll know more on Monday," - said the publication Angelova.
It will be replaced by Ivanka Bogatova, which until now was the head of "Investment lending" Central Fund "Agriculture" in Sofia.
Was released also Deputy Executive Director Nikolay Dachev.
Up to this point, he was responsible for direct subsidies for fields, paid to the EU.
In its place will be assigned Zhivko Zhivkov, who was the chief of regional management of Fund "Agriculture" in the town of Veliko Tarnovo until January 2014.
Your post has kept only the Deputy head of the Fund Utige Aliyev-Led.
Currently she is responsible for the Programme of rural development.
The official reasons for all changes in the Ministry are not mentioned.
Turkey calls of an American diplomat in connection with a message about espionage
The Ministry of foreign Affairs of Turkey summoned the highest-ranking American diplomat in the country for clarification in connection with the report about American and British spying in Turkey.
Deputy Prime Minister Bulent said that the American chargé d'affaires and Turkish officials discussed the message on Monday.
The German magazine "Der Spiegel" and the Internet-the magazine "The Intercept reported that documents provided by former analyst of the national security Agency USA Edward Snowden show that Turkey was the focus of exploration for American and British intelligence services.
According to Turkish news agencies, the Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan has played down the importance of this message, saying that all the leading countries spy on each other.
The previously reported information about the main intelligence Agency of Germany also made Ankara the object of intelligence, has caused more than an angry response from the Turkish government.
The largest Chinese companies have United against Alibaba
Chinese companies, including China's largest developer of commercial properties, Dalian Wanda Group, and Internet giants Tencent Holdings (the social network, messenger, etc.) and Baidu (the largest Chinese search engine), creating a company that could compete on the online trading market with Alibaba.
However, to catch up with the Chinese miracle of the Internet, which left behind even their American rivals - and eBay Amazon.com will not be easy.
The largest Union
The companies plan to invest in a joint venture 5 billion yuan ($ 814 million), 70% will be owned by Wanda and 15% - each of the Internet companies, the report said Wanda Group.
To register a company are planned in Hong Kong.
The JV will integrate Baidu search services with popular social platform WeChat (the largest social network in China, the number of users which is about 438 million people), Tencent and infrastructure Wanda.
In addition to a network of 40 luxurious hotels Wanda group controls a minimum of 49 commercial properties throughout China and 40 shopping malls.
Last year the company invested 50 billion yuan (over us $ 8 billion) in the construction of a film Studio and theme Park in Qingdao city in East China to the Yellow sea).
It is expected that the project will attract more than 1 million visitors annually and bring a profit of $ 960 million.
In addition, Wanda belongs to the American cinema chain AMC Entertainment Holdings, making the company the largest operator of cinemas in the world.
By 2015 Wanda plans to equip all owned shopping centres, hotels and places of entertainment services, e-commerce, the development of which will take you just created a competitor to Alibaba.
According to TSE Tung, who will head the new company, by combining Wanda will be able to increase the number of users of its services e-commerce from the current 40 million to 100 million by next year.
A new Playground has become the world's largest online-to-offline platform, said TSE Tung.
The essence of online-to-offline (O2O) Commerce is to attract buyers on the Internet so that they come in usual offline stores, or bought other traditional services.
A classic example O2O services are selling coupons like Groupon or Vigoda.ru.
"O2O is the biggest pie in online Commerce," said the head of the Wanda Wang Jianlin (quoted by Bloomberg).
"Now this platform O2O in China does not exist, and in this situation the chances are all approximately equal," he said.
The Chinese market of online trade is the largest in the world, and, according to McKinsey & Co., its volume will increase more than three times by 2015 compared with 2011, to $ 395 billion.
The number of Chinese Internet users has grown to 632 million, leads Bloomberg official statistics: this is more than the population of any country in the world except India.
And it is predicted that by 2015 this number could rise to 850 million people.
The richest Union
The head of Tencent MA Huatan until recently was the richest man of China, however, according to the index of millionaires Bloomberg, Alibaba founder Jack MA has already surpassed its $ 5.5 billion.
State Jack MA is estimated at $ 21.8 billion, of which $ 11 billion accounted for its share in Alibaba.
The head of Baidu Robin Li now holds third place among the richest people of China, while Wang Jianlin of Wanda - the fourth line of the rating.
"This battle is very interesting to observe: the three richest people join forces to challenge even more rich," said Bloomberg Director of the Chinese center for the study of electronic Commerce in Hangzhou Cao lei.
But he believes that the new company is unlikely to seriously compete with Alibaba immediately after creation: "Rome cannot be built in one day".
That Alibaba is not so easy to compete not only new companies but also to the honored leaders of the world Internet trade shows yesterday's report on the financial performance of Alibaba in the last quarter.
Alibaba is often described as a cross between eBay and Amazon.com but from April to June, the Chinese company has earned more than both of its U.S. competitors combined.
Net profit Alibaba over a period almost twice as summarized figure competitors - it has grown almost three times in annual terms and amounted to $1.99 billion
"Alibaba still has huge potential for generating money, largely thanks to its mobile applications," commented Bloomberg reports analyst from Hong Kong Arete Research Service.
According to the updated prospectus, Alibaba on the website of the Commission on securities and stock exchanges of the USA, the number of active mobile users of the services of the company in July amounted to $ 188 million, which substantially exceeds the March figure (163 million).
While 32.8% of all transactions Alibaba during the past quarter accounted for on a mobile device.
Alibaba will be called the value of their shares before the IPO.
The median estimate of 11 analysts surveyed by Bloomberg, the company can be estimated at $187 billion after the sale of the shares.
According to sources Bloomberg, the debut of Alibaba on the new York stock exchange (NYSE) can be held on 16 September.
Road show company, prior to this event, will start on 3 September.
It is expected that the output of the Alibaba IPO will be a record in the history of the NYSE and will allow the company to raise about $ 20 billion.
Still the record for the volume of attracted on US exchanges the funds belonged to the payment system Visa, which in 2008 completed an initial offering of its shares which netted $17.9 billion.
At least half of the food products in retail chains must be Russian production, according to deputies of the state Duma.
They drafted a bill on this subject.
We are talking about amendments to article 8 of the Federal law "About bases of state regulation of trading activity in the Russian Federation" and in the Tax code.
The purpose of the document - the introduction of protective measures against the Russian food producers.
Important clarification, according to the bill, not less than 50 per cent of domestic production in shops should be for each type of product.
However, the document will take into account that there are goods that are not produced in Russia, for example, vegetables and fruits in the winter, so they will be made "discount" to avoid possible discomfort to the customers.
Simultaneously, the draft law introduces changes to the Tax code of the Russian Federation, establishing the reduced VAT rate of 10% for all food products, the country of origin is Russia, the newspaper "Izvestia".
on August 27 in the lower house of Parliament submitted a draft law on amendments to the Federal law "About the retail markets", which offers to revive in Russia farmer's markets where small producers can sell their products.
The chief of police of Magaluf charged with corruption
The plaintiffs presented evidence of extortion by police and officials of the municipality of Calvia in the office of the public Prosecutor Mallorca on Friday.
The chief of police Calvia resort on the island of Mallorca was arrested as a result of allegations of corruption on the part of businessmen and owners of bars in the center of the infamous rampant drunkenness Magaluf.
Chief inspector Jose Antonio Navarro was taken into custody as a result of the charges of corruption brought against him by a few businessmen with Punta Ballena street, which is most of the bars and nightlife of Magaluf.
According to the daily online edition of the Mallorca Diario, the plaintiffs presented evidence of extortion by police and officials of the municipality of Calvia in the office of the Prosecutor Mallorca on the fight against corruption on Friday.
Two local police officers were arrested by the National guard of Spain in connection with allegations of corruption and will be questioned by the judge together with Navarro.
Spanish daily newspaper ABC reported that a disgruntled owners of Nightclubs say that protectionism from the authorities seriously affect their business.
"It is no longer about making money, it is all about how to survive," said one of the court business.
You cannot threaten our livelihoods.
We have nothing to lose.
Magaluf made headlines in the international press this summer after a popular video on YouTube, which was shown by 18-year-old British holidaymaker who made blow jobs to 24 men during the race on bars.
The island authorities have since been trying to stop disorderly conduct while intoxicated Magaluf holidaymakers, minimizing the number of the infamous alcoholic races on bars.
In addition, the club Playhouse, where an incident occurred with a Blowjob, was forced to close for the year, while the Playhouse and the organizers of the race Carnage pub crawl together were fined €55000 ($73000).
The tourist resort of Magalluf, mainly popular with young British holidaymakers, also was the site of numerous accidents in the state of alcoholic intoxication associated with insane fun, known as "beckoning" when people jump from one balcony to another, or from the balcony into the hotel pool.
The first day of spring marked by wet and windy conditions affecting flights at the Airport of Adelaide
SPRING has prepared a cool surprise in the South of South Australia, bringing torrential rains and strong winds that affected flights in the Airport of Adelaide.
Another 5 mm of rain fell on the city in the evening to 9 PM, followed by 6.6 mm that fell during the night of the resurrection.
The last rain was preceded by a couple of short showers with gusty winds, including a storm, which was nacelles shortly before 8 PM and poured almost 4 mm in about 10 minutes.
After winter gave early portion of spring last week, the temperature fell again on Monday to a high of just 15.8 C in the city.
Squally conditions, as expected, was one of the reasons for the delay of planting on Virgin Airlines from Melbourne to Adelaide.
The plane was about to land on schedule just after 7:30 PM, but got to a zone of wind shear - a sudden change of speed or wind direction over a short distance - and was forced to gain altitude.
Wind gusts reached 50 km/h on the ground at the Airport in Adelaide this time.
The flight showed that the plane had to climb during the second landing, and the plane eventually landed at about 8:40 PM.
The delay of this flight caused a subsequent delay of a few other flights, including Emirates flight from Dubai and Qantas flight from Sydney.
A maximum of 16C is projected in Adelaide on Tuesday with a probability of one or two showers.
Costing of construction projects in Russia will happen in a new way
Pricing, regulation of the construction industry, as well as problems connecting to the networks of the Federal Antimonopoly service takes on special control.
When the FAS established the expert Council on developing competition in the construction industry.
At the meeting the head of Department for control over housing and communal services, building and natural resources FAS Vadim Solovyov said that "the current costing of construction projects is absolutely incomprehensible".
The regulatory framework makes the pricing is opaque and can lead to unreasonable price of construction, according to the FAS.
And offer the cost of construction of objects of state property at the design stage to determine on the basis of market prices of design solutions is used today budget norms and unit prices for manufacturing operations.
The proposals made in the roadmap and are now under consideration in the Ministry of construction.
"Replacing traditional documentation for the construction on the calculations of structural elements should lead to less corruption in the industry," explained "RSL" Vadim Solovyov.
For now, the estimate is computed every bolt and nut, and it is not always possible to check everything, so sometimes the documentation unscrupulous construction companies can bury "the whole tractor.
The Ministry of construction with the FAS agree.
"The first studies on the transition to the calculation of the cost on the constructive elements are already there: the developed method for the calculation of prices for constructive solutions, prepare cost estimates for these indicators, - told the "RSL" the head of the Department of urban planning and architecture of the Ministry Elena Zhukova.
As a pilot selected the field of road construction.
However, experts believe that the problem is much more serious.
As told to "RGB" the head of the construction company "Pro-invest" Anatoly Dziemianko, the estimated ratios are outdated, but the business has not yet been offered.
"As for the proposed calculations for structural elements, in practice it is hard to implement, as in the construction of buildings are often used completely different technology," he said.
It's no secret that stroylines develops largely through government contracts.
According to the Chairman of the Board of NP "the Expert community of public procurement professionals Catherine Lepinoy, today, the state is the most payable by the customer.
The Deputy Director of the engineering branch centre of capital construction of Rosatom Vladimir Malakhov drew attention to the fact that today the market is divided into companies that have access to the portfolio of contracts, and the company that owns the exclusive competences and not allowing this field of competitors.
He believes that the creation of a transparent market is possible only under the condition that access contracts will be protected from possible of someone's control action.
At the expert Council was invited to form the state order system in such a way that the same agent shall not be entitled to receive more than one contract of more than 1 billion rubles or more contracts valued at more than 1 billion rubles.
In the Ministry believe that this approach should be assessed from the point of view of business impact and effectiveness of construction management.
As explained by Elena Zhukova, in this case you will need to give the customer a General contractor that will increase staff size and budget of the customer of the cost of its maintenance.
The specialists of the customer will need to have the knowledge required to evaluate the quality of the contractors work, as well as their safety.
Often when such a breakdown will need to determine who will be responsible for the safety of the object as a whole.
In addition, this approach may lead to an outflow of highly qualified participants of public procurement in connection with the lack of interest in obtaining state order for incomplete scope of work and a small amount of the contract.
Deputy head of competence centre Institute of purchasing Alexander Evstashenkov believes that the procedure of public procurement has become a business game on the care of the contractor.
And gave an example: "the participant when completing the application should indicate "specific indicators" without the words "or equivalent", "should", "from", "more", "less", "analog", "or", "type", "similar type", "below", "lower", "above", "may", "could have", "maybe", "earlier", "no earlier than", "above", "not allowed" etc.
Thus, customers often abuse their right to establish requirements for the content of proposals submitted by contractors.
Another issue 44-FZ, according to Evtushenkov was the need to assess at the stage of filing of the application the quality of the work through the "paper" proposal party.
Considering the application of the participant, it is really possible to assess only the qualifications of the contractor, but not the quality of work, the implementation of which had not even begun, - the expert believes.
The quality of work can only be assessed in their acceptance.
At the expert Council was also requested to transfer the marginal revenue from the upper to the lower echelons that disappeared interim contractors.
Chairman of the expert Council, the state Secretary, Deputy head of FAS Andrey devoted believes that it should not do, as responsible for the order is the General contractor.
But otherwise, as known in the Reprise Arkady Raikin "Company": "buttons claim.
Israeli children return to school after the war in Gaza
Thousands of Israeli children in areas near the Gaza Strip have gone back to school on Monday after he spent the summer in bomb shelters when rockets and mortars rain fell on their settlements during the 50-day war between Israel and Hamas, while schools in Gaza remained closed during that, as the territory recovered from the fighting.
The beginning of school brought a sense of joy and excitement affected by missiles settlements in southern Israel, however, traces of the fighting fresh.
In the southern city of Ashdod staff of the kindergarten "Pasos, which was hit by a rocket, removed the traces of shrapnel from the walls and chutes before the arrival of the students.
"We are a bit scared, but happy to look to the future," said Ronit Bart, a resident of Kibbutz Saad and English teacher at his school.
Many children in our area really need to get back to regular life.
Her 11-year-old daughter, Shani Bart, said suddenly to start going to school "a little weird".
"It was a difficult time, and we don't come out of their homes," she said.
President Reuven Rivlin visited the kibbutz, which is located near the border with the Strip, to Express their support.
Before the cease fire ended the war last week, thousands of residents of border villages such as Saad, do not go outside or have left their homes, fleeing to safer areas further from the Gaza Strip to escape from rocket and mortar fire.
Many residents of Nahal Oz, the settlements near the border with the Strip, where Palestinian splinter mines was killed 4-year-old boy, I doubt that they should go back.
The Ministry of education reported that about a dozen families are still not back.
Their children were sent to other schools at this time.
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu visited a school in Sderot, a border town with Gas, which greatly hurt the Palestinian fire.
He advised the children diligently studying and said, "We will do everything possible to give you the knowledge and to ensure your safety".
Israel and Hamas agreed to an indefinite ceasefire last Tuesday.
The agreement on a ceasefire immediately put an end to the hostilities, but left unresolved key issues, such as requiring Hamas on lifting Egipto-Israeli blockade of Gaza and the opening of air and sea ports in Gaza.
Israel wants Hamas laid down their arms and returned the bodies of two Israeli soldiers killed in the war.
It is expected that a new stage of the indirect talks will begin later this month in Egypt.
The war killed more than 2,100 Palestinians, three quarters of whom were civilians, and at least 494 child, according to estimates from the Palestinian side and the UN.
Israel disputes the figures and says that at least half of those killed were militants; despite this, he has not provided substantial evidence supporting this allegation.
The Israeli side has lost 66 soldiers and six civilians, including one Thai worker.
While fighting Hamas and other Gaza militants have released 4591 unit rockets and mortars at Israeli cities, mostly in the South of the country.
The Israeli army, meanwhile, spent more than 5,000 aircraft and other attacks.
As a result of Israeli attacks were damaged and destroyed thousands of homes in Gaza, and it is estimated that 250,000 people have taken refuge in more than 100 schools that have been converted into shelters.
Due to the fact that tens of thousands of people were still in shelters, and fighting continued, officials responsible for education, last week postponed the start of the school year.
"I hope that the school will open soon, so we can complete our education, as children around the world and Jewish children," said Mohammad Amar, 13-year-old boy, who now lives in one of the schools of Gaza.
According to a popular criterion property prices showed the largest winter growth in seven years.
The home price index RP Data CoreLogic Hedonic prices for housing in the Australian capital grew by 1.1 percent in August, reported to RP data on Monday.
This increase resulted in a total increase for June, July and August to 4.2 percent, the largest increase for the winter months since 2007.
Annual price growth was 10.9 percent, more than twice the growth for the 12 months to August 2013, but the increase was not evenly distributed across the country.
Director of research, RP Data Tim lawless said Sydney and Melbourne are conducting a two-tier market.
RP Data figures show that Sydney's housing prices grew by 16.1 percent over the past year, while in Melbourne by 11.7 percent.
The following power markets were Adelaide, Brisbane and Darwin, where average prices rose from five to six percent.
At the other end of the scale was Canberra, which ran government spending cuts, where prices have risen just 1.4 percent for the year.
Mr. lawless said that now that spring has begun, you will notice an increase in the number of properties listed for sale in the next few months that will be a "real test" for the market.
"Given the current high level of speed auction sales total high sales velocity and current conditions with a low interest rate, it is likely that the cost of housing will rise further over the next three months," he said.
How people live in the old house Ufa
In the former house of gold miners and mine owners of Evdokim and his son Ivan Demidov on the street October revolution 57/1 (former Bolshaya Kazanskaya) 18 apartments.
House of the XVIII century since its construction almost unchanged, except for the decay.
Strangers go here, how to tour, and the residents suffer more than happy, from its privileges - the right to live in the oldest Ufa house where the walls remember commander Alexander Suvorov.
Date of construction of the house is inaccurate, historians point to two dates - 1730 and 1737 years.
But in any case, it turns out that the building is nearly 300 years old.
The old courtyard, always an open door, creaky stairs.
The doors to the apartments are located close to each other, the walls are cracked, and in the gutters from peeling plaster in places visible from the street.
It seems that everything keeps on parole.
And the locals say: "You don't think it's true".
To live in a wooden house of the XVIII century is very difficult, - says Tatiana Lukyanova, a resident of the apartment No. 3.
The object is located on the state protection, but its content is not released for decades, and we feel the Museum's exhibits, which the authorities simply forgot.
The last repair was 40 years ago.
The walls are still somehow holding on, but the Foundation of all rotten.
Many residents still go to the toilet outside, and only wash once a week in a public bath.
How can you be happy in such conditions?!
The road passes right under the Windows, even the pedestrian zone no.
Tatiana pulls his curtain.
Now you can see what was before only heard: under the Windows of the speeding stream of cars.
See, glass rattle constantly, the Windows not able to open, and to noise are used.
The man gets used to everything, good and bad.
Our apartment is still exemplary, thanks to her husband, his hands are gold.
Moreover, the two rooms we live Threesome with her son.
And from other families conditions are much worse on the second floor at all ceilings are just over five feet tall.
For contrast Tatiana offers to visit a neighbor from the apartment No. 6 Lyudmila Starostin.
Nice friendly woman from the doorway offers a Cup of coffee and with a sad smile says:
We have a Studio apartment, 14.5 m2 for four people, so we live: my husband and daughter and granddaughter.
I'm here since birth, the other housing was never, - Lyudmila encircles the eyes of the room: mezzanine, two sofas the letter "g"; one of them settled granddaughter with a laptop.
Very crowded and not much different from ordinary domestic interior: ceilings only beautiful, "historic".
But from the ceiling regularly flows: the water system is no good.
Ludmila speaks of his apartment mundane and amazing at the same time as Italian, the house which stands on top of Roman ruins.
That is, driving in one very old and recent, casual and legendary:
Water spent about 40 years ago during the last repair.
At the same time made us a little kitchen corner and a toilet out of a former closet.
We live just where quartered Demidov family, on the second floor lived the servants.
Our apartment is not privatized, and why?
In the center of the property Ufa say, privatization does not matter.
Still get only a one-bedroom apartment, you can't claim more.
Four months ago you promised us to settle, but further pledges did not go.
Not used to complain and I won't.
In this apartment (the bathroom!) he lived for a dynasty: my grandparents, mom and dad, my husband and my daughter and granddaughter.
Anything can happen during this time.
For example, huge rats running around the kitchen.
Look at the wall of the outbuilding, they are a metre thick!
They say the solution was mixed with the eggs, so it lasts a long time.
The house is built thoroughly, thanks Demidov!
Probably the only reason nobody was killed by the fallen ceiling or pile.
Only building still slowly dying before our eyes: wood, log home rot, the floors have repeatedly failed, we poured the cement, but all to no avail - the solution goes into the ground, as in a well.
They say it is under our bathroom countersunk hole and move to the White river, which is specially made once lived here, the old believers, escaping from danger, if anything.
They also were persecuted.
Lyudmila Starostin tells how they came by some historian, begged to be allowed to begin excavations in the apartment.
And then was convinced to give them living space in exchange for his apartment on Prospekt Oktyabrya.
Ludmila historian refused:
Where the four of us in one?
And here at least there is a tiny hope that will give more spacious accommodations.
We agree to exchange, nothing would have not won.
However, the family of Starostina nothing won.
Biggest dream Lyudmila, to Russell, and daughter, 16-year-old granddaughter was given a separate room.
That is, for two families were allocated a one bedroom apartment is not the most majestic ruins in which two generations living now.
Cute, petite girl Olesya Karsakov apartment No. 11 and 12 shows the second floor of the house.
There in two cramped rooms with a total area of 23 m2, called apartments, lives with her big family.
Only seven employees, two children.
See for yourself what the conditions.
Plaster falling off in pieces, like window frames, the walls in the kitchen and in the rooms through-holes.
Tap water all the year round cold.
Walking up to the apartments of the old house of Ufa, you can be sure that most fortunate spouses Lavrentiev from the apartment No. 4.
They occupy the spacious rooms of the first floor.
You're right, a lot of places!
Room 75 of the squares of the prescribed three.
We live in those rooms, where according to legend, Suvorov stayed during his stay in Ufa, - says the head of the family Alexander Lavrentiev.
High ceilings, spacious.
One bad - everything around is bursting at the seams, falling apart, crumbling.
The neighbors probably already told!
Most of the suffering we floors: wooden planks rotted, the ground literally fell out from under my feet.
I put the struts, wedges; in the hall and in another room you walk like swinging on the swings, everything is so shaky.
About the house of a merchant of Evdokim Alexander Demidov can tell better than any tour guide.
The gold refers to the native, speaks of him with admiration.
Indeed, the personality was outstanding: the owner Kalinskogo and Ushinskogo plants built houses, cast cannon and bells, kept the Ural mines.
The heirs of the merchant estate ancestor to be proud of, but living under the same roof with history no longer want.
I moved here as a child, in the 40-ies of XX century, - says Alexander.
Then stood around the wooden room for carriages, stables and guard booths and subsequently demolished.
In 1968 wanted to clean our house, but something prevented...
History repeated itself in 2014: again beckoned new housing.
We, as a team, collected all the documents, abegale the desired instance, and suddenly learned that moving into apartments postponed to 2015 or 2016.
Something already didn't believe in it...
Two years ago, Lavrentiev went to the Ministry of culture of the Republic of Bashkortostan to learn about the fate of the house.
Officials of the tenant is not accepted.
Was sent from one Desk to another and then, as in mockery, was given a piece of paper without signature and seal: "the Ministry of culture has no objection to the resettlement of the tenants."
I even have a feeling happened that our house is long gone in terms of the city, because at first he was number 57, then 57, And now 57/1.
As if it has been demolished in the 70-ies.
"Russian planet" addressed to the head of the sector of information and analytical work of the Department for land resources Ufa Vladimir Barabash.
The house down the street October revolution 57/1 included in the program of resettlement of dilapidated housing.
Can't answer for the actions of officials of the 70-ies, only know that at that time there was a plan to demolish all the old houses, despite their historical significance.
Fortunately, this did not happen, and the decision of modern authorities is to restore all the old houses along the street October revolution, architectural value, - succeeds.
Residents will soon be available to settle on new apartments.
According to Barabash, to restore the House of Demidov will be Italian experts who participated in the restoration of buildings in Venice.
Now in Italy is undergoing architectural Biennale, and the project "Old Ufa are represented among others.
I hope that by 2016, all former Old Kazanskaya street will be restored, " said the official.
Home will acquire the proper form matching that was, three centuries ago.
The Demidov house, most likely, will become a Museum, open to all comers.
In addition, at the government level, decided to make the street a pedestrian area at weekends.
During the week, unfortunately, will not work, too much congestion in the city.
To resettle people from the future Museum Vladimir Barabash promises in 2015.
However, it is unlikely they will be satisfied: their new apartments will be of the same size as the current.
Only from another era.
In Primorye, the storm started a forest fire
Dry thunderstorm was the cause of forest fires on the territory of the Hunting district forestry in Pozharsky district of Primorsky Krai.
In place of fire is the build-up of forces and means.
According to the guide of CGSBU "seaside base, created on the site of the fire conditions require the inclusion of aviation.
Vasily Medvedev, Deputy head of the airbase:
The fire in difficult terrain, found the pilot and observer aboard patrol aircraft An-2 in the area of 3 hectares.
Burning woody debris on the old Gorelnik.
Strong clutter site and the steepness of the slope more than 45 degrees, the lack of suitable landing firefighters platforms are very difficult to extinguish.
Need a Mi-8 helicopter.
Shipping forces available to the airbase by helicopter Mi-2 and An-2 aircraft very difficult.
After detecting the fire at the place of fire were quickly planted 4 of the sky fire.
The main task of specialists is to extinguish the fire and preparing the site for delivery of additional forces and means of fire extinguishing.
In the afternoon in the area of the village Hunting helicopter additionally delivered 3 paratrooper firefighters.
As soon as the platform for helicopter landing in the area of the fire is ready, the specialists will be deployed to the place of fire, according to the website of the administration of Primorsky Krai.
Lenny Henry: My father never hugged me.
Never said "I love you"
Henry was one of seven children born in a family of immigrants from Jamaica in Dudley in the Midlands in 1958.
His father, who died when Henry was 19, worked in a factory, and their relationship was limited.
Henry rehearsing a Comedy, "Rare records Rudy", which is partly based on imaginary conversations with his father and grew out of a series of programs on Radio 4.
Soundtrack - a mixture of reggae and rap music, and the melody is cheerful.
However, Henry had to Wade through some difficult childhood memories.
After his mother's death was "a lot" of treatment, in addition, Henry often talks about the relationship with his father.
He was very inaccessible.
You never saw his face, you only heard his voice: "Stop that noise.
Get away from her sister.
Move!
I want to watch the cricket.
My older brothers Seymour and Hilton who were adults when I was a kid, I went with him to the pub and talked about things such as the shape of the beer glass, the beauty of the shot in cricket.
I never with him not talking.
He was so unsmiling guy in the corner who was reading a newspaper for most of my life.
Recently Henry has opened a foundry in Dudley and, although conditions are better than in the days of his father, he was able to look at what must be, was his life.
Now there is a little bit better, but it's dark, smoky, the depths of the labyrinths of the underworld with flashes of fire and smoke and a pile of soot.
My father climbed into the tub and just lay there, and did you hear how he slowly starts to sing to himself, because he wanted to be washed from the foundry.
When I got there, I realized that he's been doing this for years and years to earn us a living, and I began to appreciate it more.
However, Henry came out of a childhood deprived of parental love.
My father never hugged, never said "I love you".
Only when my mother became ill at the end of her life, we began to say, "I love you, I love you, I love you.
The birth of his daughter, Billy, don French, allowed him to share that love, which he lacked in childhood.
Can you please stop it "I love you"?
Just stop hugging me!
Dad, I'm 22!
With Don French.
Why would I not be friends?
She's a great mom
They're still great friends with the French, to whom he was married 25 years.
Don is a good man.
Why would I not be friends with don?
She's a great mom.
The mother of the Henry had diabetes.
He was one of the things that killed her.
So, when I really, really got better and I had the symptoms of diabetes, my doctor said, "You need to take drastic measures.
Then I started serious lessons vitenam, and I also had to get on a strict diet to get rid of the symptoms.
It's very hard.
And it's boring.
Nobody eats carrots.
Changing career trajectories Henry reflected, perhaps, in his noble, closely trimmed beard.
Since then, he has received critical acclaim for his Othello, he completely immersed himself in the theatre.
Followed a "Comedy of errors" and then "Fences" Augusta Wilson.
This work differs from sitcoms and comedies, which were an essential attribute of his busy professional life.
He began his career when he was 16 and worked in a factory.
DJ noticed that he parodies for the stage, and wrote about it in "New faces".
His career in television began in the mid-seventies: "for Quite a while I was the only black impersonator/comedian on TV".
He learned on the job.
I not only had to grow in the public eye, I had to learn to be an effective machine for the delivery of jokes between 1975 and 1985, being a star, working on TV, and it was very hard.
Lenny in "New faces" in 1975
Because his Manager had the right to "Black and white minstrel show, light entertainment, in which people "ink on his face, Henry found that the acts in it within five years.
My family didn't like it.
I kind of want this never happened to me, but I don't regret doing it.
Although it was strange, reprehensible position, I worked in large venues and learned to work with the crowd.
But what was "award-winning light entertainment classics on British television for years and years", and was "a grotesque parody of black people".
Introducing characters and mocked black culture in the UK, and praised her, Henry worked in alternative Comedy project in the eighties.
The first season of "the Show lenny Henry" was broadcast in 1984, and in the nineties it was known as, among other things, chef Gareth Blacklock from the Comedy series "Chef!".
Commercials, documentaries, TV series and movie roles has served ten years of his life, but after his series on the BBC in 2008 "LennyHenry.tv" he thought, "What are you going to do next, Flax, a little bit because it seems that you're wasting time or gradually turns aside".
Next was a series of documentaries for Radio 4 called "What good is...?"
The first was about Shakespeare.
I had a real Allergy to Shakespeare.
Not that I really taught it in school, and I thought that this is largely the prerogative of white people middle class with tights and cabbage at the bottom front.
So I'm very afraid of him.
All those who we interviewed for transmission, Peter Hall, Trevor Nunn, Adrian Lester, Judi Dench, saying, "You should try it.
Don't knock it until you know what you're talking about.
Say the words some of these words, and you'll understand why we all love Shakespeare.
Henry read 20 lines from the last course of the Studio for documentaries, and he flipped.
I had the feeling that I can do it.
As if my head straightened out.
"That's what it is, it's serious business, take it seriously, learn your text, do a little research.
So the rehearsal process was tough, and I read this play months and months before we put her in.
And it was a success.
It seemed that they were waiting for the disaster, and it did not happen.
Soon we began a "Comedy of errors".
Suddenly I'm at the National theatre, and I just couldn't believe it.
There was one moment when I thought, "Oh, you've changed"".
There was a technical problem and Henry instinctively felt that his business is to entertain the audience.
"The quiet voice inside me said, "You have to work for 10 minutes, until they fix the computer"".
Instead, the assistant Director announced that the presentation will resume once the problem is resolved.
I left the stage and something in me said, "Oh, thank God".
It's not my responsibility.
I can let someone else handle this.
"Are you in the play, stay in character"".
Henry in "Fences" at the Duchess theatre
To learn the lyrics to "Fences" was difficult.
Panic is quite useful, it strengthens muscles.
It too was well received, so it was like a sign from above that shows: "Here's what you need to do"".
He says this, of course, THUNDEROUS voice.
So I stick with that.
I really love it.
I love being in the rehearsal room.
By the way, Henry is still thinking comedian - all the way our conversation interrupted flashes of his humour, when it starts, it finishes to parody.
I just decided not to work in stand-up, because this thing with getting instant gratification from a room full of strangers, I think, quite dangerous.
If you strive for it, it can lead to a deadlock.
I sometimes work in "live at Apollo", when they want, but, basically, I get no such pleasure as before.
I ask if he'll give a tour of stand-up ever.
Joy to sit in the room with the Director, helping to shape the beginning, middle and end of the road - I don't think I ever want to give it up.
That is, it is an incarnation?
I think so.
I like to be an actor.
It's good fun.
You always tell a story, and here is a great place for this.
I love the stories.
People love history.
Kenya registers of public servants to identify "employees stealth"
Kenya launches biometric registration of all civil servants in an attempt to delete "of' Ghost 'workers" from the payroll of the government.
Employees who do not enroll during the next two weeks, will no longer pay, according to a government statement.
The government suspects that thousands of people continue to receive salary after he left government service.
President Uhuru Kenyatta has promised to reduce government corruption after he came to power in 2013.
Audit earlier this year found that at least $1 million (£700000 per month is lost through payments "to the employees-stealth and other financial irregularities.
The government suspects that wages continue to be received on the Bank account, even after the person dies or leaves government service, reports the BBC reporter Wanyama Cebucity from the capital, Nairobi.
All civil servants should be within the next two weeks in identification centres to ensure that their data will be collected through biometric registration procedures, according to a government statement.
Any who will not do this without good reason, will be removed from the payroll, according to him.
"This procedure will significantly contribute to the rationalization of the public service by determining the actual number of civil servants, and will also be used to cleanse the payroll at both levels of government, therefore, will end the problem of 'Ghost' workers," said Anne Vuguru, Secretary of the Cabinet of Ministers of planning and structuring power.
Dozens of Turkish police officers arrested in connection with the "conspiracy" against the government
Only 33 police officers were detained in Turkey on suspicion of "conspiracy against the government", according to local news agencies.
Police officials did not immediately comment on this information.
Among the detainees were 14 high-ranking officers, according to Hurriyet daily news.
Some of them last December he participated in the measures to identify corruption, which was aimed at checking government officials, including four government Ministers.
In July, several Turkish officers were arrested on suspicion of creating an organized criminal group and listening to the phone.
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan (who at the time was Prime Minister) identified their actions as part of the measures taken against him and others standing in power, the Islamic cleric by Fethullah Gulen.
Not all children returned to school in Ukraine
Schools in most parts of Ukraine once again opened its doors on Monday (1 September) after the summer holidays.
This day is traditionally a great event for families, and thousands of other Ukrainian parents, Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk took her daughter to school.
There, he told waiting reporters that not all schools are open again, but what he will do everything possible to protect the country for future generations:
The first of September, the ceremony was held not in every school.
No peaceful sky over every part of Ukraine.
We must fight for the peaceful sky.
The whole of Ukraine, a huge single Ukrainian people's front, have to fight for the peaceful sky.
Alexan Shepherds, the Director of the school in Slavyansk, which daughter went Yatsenyuk, spoke Russian.
We hope that peace will finally be established here and that the children will gain knowledge that will be useful in their future life.
First day of school is traditionally celebrated as the kids wear embroidered shirts, holding balloons and give flowers to their teachers.
In the face of the Rhone Farhad BBC may have found such an impressive head that she needs
Behind her is a trail of glory from the world of banking, media management and internal circles of the Tory party.
In fact, she has her own experience in leadership positions.
Her career began at the consulting firm global management Bain and Co, and then continued at Morgan Stanley, Bombadier, ICI and in the media in Pearsons.
She was head of the Financial Times for seven years, after retirement, when a high position in the parent company Pearson's took a male colleague, who occupied a lower position.
They say that her income is approaching £1 million.
Her political rating is also durable.
Recommended by David Cameron, Lord Browne, the former head of BP, when he tried to bring professionals from the private sector in Whitehall: she became an Advisor of the Cabinet of Ministers.
Her husband is a former Tory councillor.
Earlier in may I was called to the chair of the poisoned chalice.
BBC is not only a huge and complex organisation at the heart of public life, but in its structure there is an inherent paradox.
The Council is two fold: inside the top level of the management hierarchy of the BBC, but also outward as the voice of public concern and excitement, when something goes wrong.
It's almost unattainable duopoly that needs a complete and radical reform.
However, any new President will take risks to come, trampling and destroying the institution as complex as a Chinese dynasty, if he will deprive himself of the work in this process.
It is a difficult decision.
It would be it is not so difficult, many people will be pleased, as the BBC will be reduced in size, after the revision of its powers, Finance and status.
As the narrow range of competitors and new technologies challenge the cosy old habits, the inevitable negotiations on the cost of the license are of particular danger to the BBC.
For the modest sum of £of 145.50 a year the British acquire the stake in, definitely, the greatest media company in the world.
BBC tells a good story: it claims that the results cover 96 percent of households and are each of them just 40p a day.
Moreover, it is obvious that the popularity Beeb grows: 53 percent support it today versus 31 percent 10 years ago.
Model view and use the BBC has changed: now I get news headlines on your mobile phone and watch missed programmes on iPlayer.
But it remains a very popular and impressive institution.
He needs an impressive chair - I hope it found it.
Perry of Texas says that humiliating tweet was written by someone unauthorized
Tweet from the verified account Governor of Texas, Republican Rick Perry on Sunday evening contained an insulting image of the district attorney for the Democrats, which is located in the center of a criminal prosecution on charges of abuse of power.
The tweet was later removed, followed by another account with Perry in which this entry was disavowed.
Just with my account published a tweet that was written by someone unauthorized.
"I don't approve of this tweet, and I put it away," according to a later entry.
Helpers Perry did not immediately respond to messages seeking comment.
Although the recordings were downloaded from a confirmed account Perry, it was unclear who actually publishes in this tape.
An earlier tweet contained an unflattering caricature of County Prosecutor Travis rosemary Lemberg, who was found guilty for driving while intoxicated in April 2013.
Perry has imposed a ban on the funding of her office when she refused to resign, which led to the proceedings before a Grand jury in Austin this month against Perry, who is a potential presidential candidate for election 2016.
Title in the tweet reads: "I don't always drive a car while intoxicated, 3 times the permissible level of alcohol in the blood,.. but when I do, I indicted Governor Perry for what he tells me about it."
I am the most drunk Democrat in Texas.
The office of Lemberg did not conduct the investigation with the Grand jury against Perry.
Did Michael Mccrum, the special Prosecutor from San Antonio, who was appointed by the judge-a Republican.
Perry pleaded not guilty and called the charges a political ploy.
His powerful legal team asked the judge leading the case, to dismiss the indictment, arguing that the law used to prosecute the Governor, performing their duties longest in the history of Texas, vague, contrary to the Constitution.
Perry stopped funding by $7.5 million of state funds to the Division of public control of the state, which is based in Travis County and engaged in the prosecution of corruption in the public sector of Texas when Lemberg refused to resign.
The veto sparked a formal complaint by a group of public control, with left-wing views.
The tape confirmed the account Perry is updated frequently - and sometimes famous.
Arriving on the fifth party Congress in Iowa during his presidential campaign in 2012, Perry responded to rumours that he could leave the game by posting a tweet with a photo of himself running next to the lake, and the words: "Here we are, South Carolina!"
Berkeley reports that the real estate market returned to "normal"
One of the most famous builders of London warned that the property market in the South East of England returned to a normal level of activity.
Houses in the capital were the subject of lively demand and rapidly rising prices, with widespread fears that the credit bubble will push the Bank of England to restrict mortgage loans in June.
Tony Pigli, founder and President of elite construction company Berkeley, on Monday said: "Since the beginning of the current fiscal year, the market returned to a normal level of transactions with a peak in 2013," adding that it provided "a stable working environment".
The London property market has done well during the recession as foreign buyers gathered in the capital.
Prices in the city jumped by 18.5 percent in the last year alone, according to the Land cadastre, significantly ahead of the average of 6.7 per cent for England and Wales as a whole.
Average market prices for private, affordable and student schemes Berkeley has grown by about a fifth last year, reaching £423000 at the end of April.
However, the strengthening of the pound in recent months has made London property less attractive to foreign buyers, some of whom also stopped the introduction of new taxes on real estate and political rhetoric around the potential "tax on mansions" before the General election next may.
London estate Agency Foxtons last week warned that the April reform of the mortgage market, which were introduced more stringent terms of the loan, will also entail a decline in market growth as transactions in real estate sales and prices in the second half of the year.
Recent data from the Bank of England on Monday showed a fall in the number of approved mortgage loans in June, suggesting further cooling in the housing market.
Hamptons International, one estate Agency has reduced its growth forecast for the prices of London real estate for 2015 to 3 percent, based on the fact that the mood of real estate prices has already begun to weaken.
Transaction volumes had fallen by a quarter compared with the previous year in the most expensive areas of London, such as Chelsea, Mayfair and Kensington, according to the Agency WA Ellis.
However, the demand for houses in the capital turned out to be very profitable for Berkeley, raising sales in excess of £2.2 billion.
Mr. Bijli added: "the Demand for the right product with good design and best location remained the same and, reflecting this, sales for the period have survived."
In June, the company announced it had sold 3742 new homes this year until the end of April - almost a third more than in pre-crisis peak in 2007.
Annual profit before tax rose by 40 percent compared with the previous year to £380 million, revenue of 18 per cent to £1.6 billion.
Speaking on Monday before the annual meeting of the company, Mr. Piggly reported that the alleged income Berkeley this year will meet current market expectations.
According to the unanimous opinion of analysts, the expected profit for the entire year before tax £450 million.
The cost of the Berkeley remained at £23,96 in the second half of the day on the London stock exchange.
Nude photos Jennifer Lawrence posted online hacker
Jennifer Lawrence arrives at the 85-th ceremony of awarding the annual prize of the American Academy.
Nude photos of actress Jennifer Lawrence, who received the award "Oscar", was posted online by a hacker who says that has a "catalog" photos 100 rising stars.
The representative of the stars of "the hunger games" confirmed the photos of Lawrence are real, and hacker condemned for 'blatant invasion of personal space".
A petition was submitted to law enforcement agencies, and they will prosecute anyone who publishes the stolen photos of Jennifer Lawrence.
The photos were originally posted on the photo sharing site 4chan, presumably, were obtained due to the lack of the online store, Apple's iCloud, and the alleged "catalog" of the hacking victims includes the names of dozens of female celebrities, including Rihanna, Kim Kardashian, Mary Elizabeth Winstead and Mary-Kate Olsen, according to BuzzFeed.
It is unclear how many of these photos are genuine, although the star of "Scott pilgrim vs. Winstead on Twitter also condemned the hacking.
"Those who look at the photos that we did with my husband a few years ago, alone at home," I hope you're proud of yourselves," Winstead wrote on Twitter.
However, Victoria justice from Nickolodeon TV series "iCarly" and "victorious" has denied that the photos she wrote on Twitter: "These so-called naked picture of me FAKE, people.
Let me stop this in the Bud. *pun intended*.
Buzzfeed reported last Sunday that the representative of pop star Ariana Grande has denied that the photos on which, presumably, it is authentic.
Exclusive excerpt from a new novel by Howard Jacobson about love and the letter "J" that caused the praise of critics
They were dissolved, it is best to say so, they gradually fell apart like a cardboard box left in the rain.
Sometimes a woman would tell him that he's too serious, heavy in dialogue, tense, closed and maybe a little irritable.
And then she shook hands with him.
He saw himself as irritability.
He was prickly as a hedgehog, Yes.
The latest victim of this prickliness was a small affair, from which he waited longer than usual getting rid of the lonely and boring life, and perhaps even some kind of satisfaction.
Ailinn of Solomons was quiveringly fragile beauty, with flying hair and fluttering heart of the Northern island villages, more remote and rugged than the Port Reuben.
She came to the South with a companion older than themselves, which Kevern considered her aunt, the latter inherited the house in raw, but like Paradise valley under the joyful title "Paradise valley".
No one lived in the house for several years.
Pipe tech, in the baths sat motionless spiders, slugs have left their traces on all Windows, secure in the knowledge that the house belongs to them; the garden was overgrown with weeds, like giant cabbages.
It was like a cottage from a children's book, both terrifying and fascinating, full of secrets garden.
Opinion author: Howard Jacobson, whose novel "J" included in the long list of the Booker prize in 2014.
The shortlist will be announced next week
Cavern and Alinn sat, holding hands, broken sun loungers among the tall grass, enjoying the unexpectedly warm spring day; they both absently joined cheap console, which supplied the country with peaceful and soothing music news, when, glancing at her brown crossed legs, he remembered an old song of a long forgotten black man by which he loved to listen to his father, dropping the curtains in the house.
You have too big feet.
Due to their inherent aggressiveness, songs of this type on the console didn't lose anymore.
They were not prohibited - nothing in fact has not been denied - they just didn't lose anymore.
Helped them become archaic as the word "archaic".
Public taste had done something that would never have been able to achieve orders and prescriptions, and as well as among the books people chose memoirs of the rich, who grew up in poverty, cookbooks and romance novels, of all the music they chose ballads.
Inspired by this day, Cavern began to play an imaginary piano and rude comic voice to sing big feet Alinn.
Alinn't understand.
"It was a popular song jazz pianist, whose name was fats Waller," he told her, instinctively putting his lips with two fingers.
It's always been done by his father to stop the letter "J" before she flew from his lips.
It started with the game that they played when he was little.
His father played it with my dad, he told him.
Start the word with a "J", forgetting to attach to his mouth with two fingers, and it cost you a penny.
It wasn't very fun game then, and it wasn't very fun now.
He knew what he should expect, that's all.
He had to explain jazz.
Alinn never heard him.
The jazz also did not play, although he was not openly prohibited.
Improvisation has gone out of fashion.
In life there is a place only one "if".
When the melody started, people wanted to know exactly where it will end.
With wit exactly the same.
His unpredictability acted people get on your nerves.
And jazz was wit, expressed through music.
Although he has reached the age of 10 years, never heard of Sammy Davis Jr., Cavern knew about jazz from his father's Polycrates collezio CDs.
But at least he didn't have to talk Ailinn that fats Waller was black.
Given her age, she hardly remembered a time when popular singers were not black.
Again, no laws or pressure.
The society was obedient, and that meant that each segment was accepted with gratitude - gratitude for those who saved the lives of the principle group of predisposition.
People of Afro-Caribbean origin in temperament and physical characteristics are well suited for the entertainment and sports - and they sang and ran.
The natives of Hindustan, as if by nature talented in all that concerned electronics, undertook that no family is left without a working email phone.
What's left of the Polish Diaspora, was engaged in plumbing work; what remains from the Greek, beater plates.
Natives of the Arabian Gulf and the Levant, whose grandfathers were not rapidly leave the country, when WHAT HAPPENED, IF anything HAPPENED happened, in fear that they will be accused of fanning the flames, in fear, in fact, that the flames engulf them, opened restaurants with the labna and hookahs, did not stick out and got bored of doing nothing.
To each according to his abilities.
Since she had only heard ballads, Alinn find it difficult to understand how offensive the words that have just sang her Cavern, could be set to music.
Music is an expression of love.
"They're not really offensive," said Kevern.
Except, maybe, for people who have big feet.
My father never insulted, but he loved this song.
He said too much, but neglected garden gave him the illusion of security.
Not one word could penetrate the soundproofing giant leaves similar to cabbage.
Alinn still did not understand.
Your father could love?
He wanted to say that this is a joke, but he did not want at her again pressed to his lips with two fingers.
She already thought him strange.
"To him it seemed ridiculous," he said instead.
She shook her head incredulously, closing Keverne review.
In the whole world was nothing but stacks of her blue-black hair.
Anything that he would like to watch.
"Well, if you say so," she said, remained unconvinced.
But that still doesn't explain why I sing it.
She seemed really upset.
I have too big feet?
He looked at them again.
We cannot say, no.
Ankle, maybe a little bit...
And you say that you hate me because my ankles are too thick?
Hate you?
Of course, I don't hate you.
It's just this stupid song.
He could say: "I love you", but it was too early.
"I like you just because you have thick ankles," he tried to say it instead.
I have such a perversion.
It sounded wrong.
He wanted it to be funny.
Attempts to make jokes often led him into an awkward situation, because, like his father, he lacked in soothing charm that could soften the cruelty, kryvshihsya jokes.
Maybe his father wanted to be cruel.
Maybe he Cavern, wanted.
Despite his good eye.
Ailinn of Solomons blushed and got up from the chaise lounge, knocking over the console and spilling the wine that they drank.
Some elderberry wine, so that intoxication could not serve as his excuse.
In her excitement she seemed to quiver, like palm leaves in a hurricane.
"I like you just because you have a hard head," she said...
Although not like.
He was sorry for her and because of the excessive rudeness of his words, and out of fear that appeared in her eyes when she gave it back.
Understand that he will hit?
She hadn't spoken to him about life on the cold Northern archipelago, where she grew up, but he had no doubt that in its main features it was similar to here.
The same great ice ocean fell upon them both.
The same bewildered men, even more sensitive and Moody after WHAT HAPPENED, IF it ever HAPPENED, than their ancestors, smugglers and destroyers, wandered in fury from the pub to the pub, ready to raise a hand against any woman who dared to refuse them or tease them.
Thick-head?
They'd showed her the blunt fist, if she wasn't careful!
First would kiss - kiss has now become the most common expression of erotic irritation between a man and a woman; the antidote to insipid ballads that were issued to the console - first to kiss her, and then strike.
Unnecessary clarification, in the opinion of Caverna because the kiss itself was hooliganism.
Ailinn of Solomons body showed that he needs to leave.
He got up from the lounger, like an old man.
She felt a leaden weight, but the weight of his grief surprised her.
It was not the end of the world.
They barely knew each other.
She watched him go, and from an upper window watched him leave, her companion is a man, taking upon himself the burden.
Adam leaving the garden, she thought.
She felt a twinge of compassion for him and men in General, at least some of them and raised her hand.
Man, turning away from her, with a bent back, ashamed, overwhelmed, all the ability to fight left him - why she thought she knew it so well, if she couldn't remember a single case until today, when she would have seen it?
Again one Ailinn of Solomons looked at his feet.
Twenty years before the events described above or so Esme Nussbaum, smart and energetic 32-year-old researcher, who worked in Ofnow", informal service of control of Public mood, has prepared a short report on the preservation of low and medium level of violence in those parts of the country, where it was expected that it will be reduced, if not stopped altogether, considering the money and effort that were allocated for its eradication.
"Much has been done and much is being done," she wrote, "to soften the innate aggressiveness of people that fought a thousand wars and won most of them, especially among those tangled branches and narrow clefts areas, where, despite soaring over the hedges, Church spires, tender breath of human kindness rarely felt in history.
However, some of the quality, it turns out, ineradicable.
The higher the steeple, it would seem, nimenea the passion that he brings forth.
The population sheds tears over sentimental ballads, swallows stories about overcome obstacles and declares his passionate belief in the virtue of marriage and family life, however, not only old rudeness maintains its strong grip in both rural communities and urban settlements, but there is evidence that new and emerging evil cocky in homes, workplaces, on roads and even on playgrounds.
"You have an annoying habit of writing too much," said her supervisor, after reading the report in its entirety.
I think you should read less novels.
Esme Nussbaum lowered his head.
I also have to ask You: are You an atheist?
"I believe that it is not obliged to answer," replied Esme Nussbaum.
Are you a lesbian?
Esme again insisted on their right to privacy and silence.
A feminist?
Silence again.
"I ask," and finally said Luther Rabinowitz, "not because I'm against atheism, lesbisch or feminism.
Here we have no preconceived notions.
We are the servants of society without prejudice.
But some types of hypersensitivity, is perfectly acceptable and laudable in themselves, can sometimes distort the results, such as the ones You showed me.
Obviously, You're prejudiced against the Church, and what you call "evil" and "rude", it is interpreted as an expression of the natural vitality and vigor.
To continue complaining about WHAT HAPPENED, IF it ever HAPPENED, as if it happened, if it ever happened, yesterday, to deprive the country of needed vitality.
Esme Nussbaum looked around until Rabinowitz said.
For his head pink as flamingos, led letters repeated advice that "Ofnow" gave the country the last quarter-century or more.
Smile at your neighbor, respect your spouse, listen to ballads, go to musicals, talk on the phone, chat, explain, listen, agree, apologize.
The conversation is better than silence, word of the song is better than the written word, but there's nothing better than love.
"I fully understand what You want to say," quietly replied Esme Nussbaum, when satisfied that her supervisor had finished speaking, "and I don't want to say anything, except that we haven't responded as effectively as we tell ourselves.
My concern is that if we're not ready, we will find that we repeat the mistakes that led to WHAT HAPPENED, IF anything HAPPENED.
Only this time we'll throw their anger and mistrust on the other.
Luther Rabinowitz joined the tips of his fingers in a pyramid.
This gesture was supposed to mean endless patience.
"You go too far," he said, "calling "mistakes" actions that did or did not commit our grandfathers.
You go too far and when you say that they threw out their "anger" and "distrust" to "other".
On Your site people should not need a reminder that understanding the past, that is, protecting the present, we are not talking about "us" and "them".
There was no "us" and there was no "other".
It was a time of confusion - that's all we know.
"For which, to be honest with ourselves", dared to insert Esme, "no part of society can justify himself.
I'm not blaming anyone.
Whether it was good or bad - what's done is done.
Then it was then.
Don't need anything more to say - here we agree.
And how not to blame anybody, and don't need to make excuses if it was appropriate or if it was possible to fix something.
But why the past, if not to learn
Past the classes that we have forgotten it.
If I may add one word to it -
Pyramid Luther Rabinovich collapsed.
"I will consider Your report," he said, releasing her.
The next day, on the way to work, she was hit by a motorcyclist who drove onto the sidewalk, as described by passers-by, "in a spiteful rage".
Coincidences do happen.
Army of Lesotho declares that the coup was not planned; the Prime Minister remains in South Africa
Representatives of the Lesotho army has denied the fact of preparation of the coup to overthrow the government, arguing that they acted against the police, which was suspected of trying to arm political fanatics.
Prime Minister Thomas Tabant left the country, saying that the army had surrounded his official residence and seized control of government buildings in the capital Maseru.
The Prime Minister took his family to neighbouring South Africa, stating that he received a threat of an attempt on his life.
The representative of the army major Ntile Ntoi said that was not, in fact, the coup, but the army reacted to the threat from "political fanatics", which the police tried to arm.
"What happened this morning is the fact that the command of the Armed forces of Lesotho, have taken action after receiving several intelligence reports that among police forces, there are some items that you really plan to arm some political, young fanatics of political parties who were willing to organize the chaos", he told the Voice of America.
The representative of the South African government Clason Monyela stated that the actions of the army looked like a coup.
"Although no one has filed claims for the seizure of power by force, by all reports, the armed forces of Lesotho at the moment are the main signs of a coup", he said.
Representatives of the Lesotho army said that the soldiers returned to the barracks on Sunday and that in the capital of calm.
Meanwhile, Deputy Prime Minister of Mothetjoa Metsing runs the government in the absence of Tabant.
Tabant stated that he believes is under attack in an attempt to fight corruption in the country.
The situation in Lesotho is very tense since June when Tabant suspended parliamentary session as a result of disagreements in the government of the United.
He stated that it had not undermined the government, despite accusations to the contrary.
The Chelsea midfielder Marco van Ginkel will spend the upcoming season on loan at Milan, according to Milan Channel.
21-year-old Dutchman will arrive in Italy in the next few hours to undergo a medical examination.
Last season he played in the London club, only three times.
Earlier, Milan rented from Liverpool striker Fernando Torres.
Production in the Eurozone was at its lowest rate in 13 months
Production growth in the Eurozone has slowed to its lowest rate in 13 months in August, according to popular studies.
The last value of index (PMI) of the manufacturing sector of the Eurozone Markit dropped to 50.7 in August, down from 51.8 in July.
A reading above 50 indicates growth.
New orders were delayed, and businesses suffered among the growing tension between the EU and Russia in connection with Ukraine.
The values entered before the meeting of the European Central Bank (ECB) on Thursday.
The markets will be waiting on the Bank of a clear plan for how to cope with stopping the recovery of the Eurozone and the threat of deflation when inflation by only 0.3%.
There is an assumption that the head of the ECB Mario Draghi later in the week may give you signals that he is considering a scheme of quantitative easing for the Eurozone, similar to those used by the UK and the US during the financial crisis.
"Although some growth is better than no growth, the braking effect of rising economic and geopolitical uncertainties on manufacturers is becoming more evident," said Rob Dobson, senior economist at Markit.
PMI of manufacturing sector in Germany, the largest trading partner of Russia in the EU fell to its lowest in 11 months at 51,4.
Meanwhile, the second-largest economy bloc, France's PMI fell to 46.9.
France remains a cause of actual worry, as the weakening of Italy from stable growth to stagnation.
Signs that momentum has faded in the mostly industrial engine of Germany, and also in Spain and the Netherlands, also adds confidence," said Mr Dobson.
The slowdown in industry most likely will add fuel to the fire analysts, pending the introduction of additional monetary or fiscal stimulus.
Positive news was from Ireland, where the PMI rose to 57.3, its highest level since the end of 1999.
Howard Archer, chief economist at IHS Global Insight, said: "the Best that can be said about the August survey of business activity index of the manufacturing sector in the Eurozone is that it shows that the sector is still growing".
He added: "the Producers of the Eurozone, obviously, are finding life very difficult at the moment because the current heightened geopolitical tension - particularly related to Russia/Ukraine - adds uncertainty still challenging conditions in many countries.
This increased the tension, obviously, hit the business and particularly by consumer confidence, and probably leads to the fact that some orders were delayed or even cancelled, especially large orders.
He said "more like it" that the ECB will eventually have to spend some kind of quantitative easing, "although we suspect that it will be limited."
Residents of Mariupol will put a human chain against militias
In Mariupol until last week everything was quiet - no one was eager to organize the people's Republic of Mariupol, a city on the sea of Azov lived and worked.
Now the inhabitants with horror expecting "rebels".
According to political analysts, the separatists break through to Mariupol to go to the Azov sea has been recently taken the town of Novoazovsk, who not too was part of the breakaway republics.
Mariupol decided that the Ukrainian army, though, and will defend them, but she forces a little against well-armed representatives of the DPR and LPR, and was going to help the military.
They dig trenches, build roadblocks and fortifications.
On Saturday night, several thousand people came to the Eastern boundary of the city, and stood there in a human chain, singing the anthem of Ukraine.
They are going to do the same in case of occurrence.
Volunteers collect and carry the gear and food, collect medicines, publishing a newspaper.
In the city are gradually closed shops, stop banks and ATMs.
Ten years of hell for the survivors of the Beslan: Ten years since the terrible attack on the school, as children who were in it, still hurting
Ten years ago, more than 1,000 people were taken hostage by Chechen militants at a school in Beslan, in southern Russia
More than 330 people, more than half of them children, were killed during this three-day trial that shocked the world
We returned to Beslan to find some of the victims who cheated death during the atrocities in school
Exactly ten years after the horrific Beslan school seizure, during which killed 334 people, including 186 children, survivors heroically warned last night about a new Apocalypse in Ukraine.
When terrorists, Islamic fanatics, was captured and killed children and parents September 1, 2004, at the beginning of a new quarter, it seemed something of an extreme degree of possible harm.
The tragedy has United East and West in disgust, which surprisingly was then transformed into action and hope for the future in conditions of severe grief.
Ten years later we returned to Beslan in southern Russia, to find some of the victims who cheated death during the atrocities in school.
We found an amazing young people who resisted the trouble, although the memories of terrorist hell will live with them forever.
Their biggest hope?
That war, which is now plagued Ukraine, in which the same children as they die, now stop.
The girl in the picture tries to climb back in the fire gym
She took the picture of the famous Russian photographer Dmitry Belyakov, when in underwear and trying to get shelled back to gym after a mine explosion.
Confused Aida was desperately looking for his mother, Larissa, who is now 40.
There were fears that they both died, but they actually survived.
"The woman told me to run hard, but I could not" Hades said then.
My feet were covered with blood.
I got up and went back inside to find my mom.
The soldier picked her up and carried to safety.
After a series of operations, she thought she was fully recovered, but said yesterday: "Three months ago the pain returned.
I'm afraid I may need more surgery.
Some debris was left in my knee.
Her goal now is to become a dentist to help people the way it helped doctors.
"This tragedy has changed my life, but it certainly didn't break it," she says defiantly.
"It occurred to me, and you cannot change this fact.
Once a year I always go to this gym, to remember all who stayed there.
My friends and I try not to talk about it on other days.
The pain is too strong.
My best friend, who was to become my classmate, Zero Gapeev was murdered there.
We played together when we were little, and dreamed that I would go to school together.
"I don't want to get married until I finish school and start to work.
I think of the family then.
She said that the grip stays with her, even though the memories fade a little each year.
I'm glad many people in the world still remember about our troubles, and we're so thankful for the help we received from people from the UK and everywhere.
When I see a nice photo, where I climb into the school window, I think that many people will see her for the first time, learn about our tragedy and will make sure that never happened.
The boy who ran through a hail of bullets, considering that his mother is dead
It was his first day at school (Russians start school in 7 years) and experienced three days of capture, hugging her mother Tamara.
Then he was seven, and he said, "Mom told me to lay down if it will be a blast, and to hold her hand".
After one of the explosions, he thought she was dying.
She said to him, "Run."
Fearing that she was dead, he ran and on the way saw a crying baby, grabbed the child by the hand and ran through the hail of bullets.
His father Vladimir, who grabbed his son outside, said, "Damir told me that his mother died.
He said, "I couldn't save it.'"
Actually, Tamara broke free and was in the hospital with wounds on his feet, in turn, thinking that her son is dead.
After their reunion, she said: "I wept with joy.
I couldn't believe it.
He ran and hugged me.
Damir later brought to London (now defunct newspaper News of the World), where he was awarded as the protector of children from the Foundation Barnardo's Prime Minister Tony Blair and his wife Cherie.
"The horror comes back to you every day, but I wish I could stop remembering it," he said yesterday.
Still, I can say that in my memory it fades.
I remember right after that I threw away all his toy guns.
But now I can play computer games with shooting, and it's not a problem for me.
"I'm not afraid to go back to that gym, but I don't think about yourself.
I remember those kids with whom I played in the yard that never got out.
We never say that they killed or dead.
We say that they stayed in the gym.
I remember my trip to London so well, especially the toy store where I was allowed to choose whatever I want, and ride in the car with an open top.
But now he fears for places such as Ukraine, where war lead to such grief that he survived and his friends.
The horror comes back to you every day, but I wish I could stop remembering it
"I'm so sorry for all those who suffer from these horrors," said Damir, who last week doing volunteer work in the convent.
I so want to help.
I want to serve in the police force someday and I hope that I will enroll in a training Academy next year.
His mother Tamara, 48 years, said: "of the 37 children were killed in our area, can you imagine?
I remember the eerie silence immediately after the capture, there was simply no kids screaming and running around, and the silence had continued for many months.
She vividly remembers the trip with Damir in London.
London people cried when I told our story.
I understood then how the people on the other side of the world can understand our feelings, can support.
She was grateful "Cherie Blair and the Fund for the award and the opportunity to go to London in the autumn of 2004.
I would like to call Sheri and just to tell her that 10 years have passed, but I still remember meeting her and her husband in London and how they helped Damir and me.
I remember when Damir want to eat soup, they phoned all the local Russian restaurants.
I remember how he played with the waiters in the restaurant, Damir shot at them from his water pistol, and they ran and played with him.
And just a month after our nightmare then.
I was shocked by the fact that the British were so willing to share our pain and support us.
She said, "I think this world has not become better over these 10 years.
Now in Ukraine there is a war, people die every day, and I think many children have been killed and will be killed.
It's just such children as ours.
I think for many people war is a news report that they listen to when they are bored or when they are busy with something else.
I just know that these people feel the horror of this.
And I can't stop feeling it.
Nothing has changed, people still want to kill each other, and it's so sad.
Damir has grown to be very gentle and calm boy, he is not aggressive and not evil.
He does not seek revenge, for example, he is not fixated on this last nightmare.
I know he doesn't like to remember it, but they are very close with six classmates, and they go to the gym from time to time and light candles there.
When he was younger, he suffered from this - I remember how he was lying on the sofa, facing away from us, for hours.
Not sleeping, his eyes were open.
I also remember how he threw all of his weapons and other military toys. Damir now 17, he's taller than me, cute, smart and healthy.
I can hardly believe that several hours I was so sure that he died and that I shall never see him more.
When I was able to recover from the explosion and stood up, I looked around, I saw hell around him, when body parts were lying everywhere.
I was absolutely sure that it is impossible that my little boy was able to survive in this hell.
"I remember that I shouted at him: "Damir, run, run", but then again I was so sure that he had not heard me.
But he heard and ran away.
So life for us goes on, unlike so many others.
George Ilyin, 17 years old
The boy whose shocking photo after the capture became critical to the tragedy in Beslan
Peace: surviving Beslan George Ilyin with his mother Fatima after the seizure in 2004, and on the right George today
His bloody face was the mark of fear, when he was saved from death when the Chechen terrorists shot his classmates.
His picture was one of the most shocking symbols of barbarism in Beslan.
His mother Fatima, 54 years old, chief physician, took him to school on the first day of study before you take the eldest son of Vladimir in the University.
"I left two minutes before the terrorists ran into the yard, so my little boy was left alone for three days of nightmare", she recalled.
Not quite alone, there was a family of our relatives, but they were all killed.
Only my George managed to survive.
The closer the date, the harder it is to think and talk about it.
There is not one day when we do not remember this tragedy.
We don't think it was a while ago, I think it happened yesterday, some of the scenes of those days all the time in front of my eyes.
No one will ever forget, I promise you.
Sinks into the soul: photo of George (left) was one of the most shocking images of the attack and was immortalized in sculpture (right)
I remember that George really wanted to go to school that day, said he wanted to hug the teacher.
I just heard that he was alive when I saw him on TV.
And now there is even a sculpture of a crying George in San Marino.
George doesn't like to look at this picture, and it is hidden in the bookcase at home.
I understand, but I also think that thanks to this picture, people from all over the world feel our pain.
George now says: "it is Important that this never happened.
"I doubt we'll ever know the truth.
People continue to investigate the tragedy and will never know the truth.
Now they are investigating the crash of the Boeing in Ukraine.
Can we ever, what it was called?
This world goes to something very bad.
"I can't understand how this happens, because if you ask people, nobody wants a war, so how does it happen?
Ten years is nothing for such pain.
We need dozens of years to forget her.
It affected my health, and I still feel it.
About three or four years I had nightmares because of capture, but now it is better.
I went back to school later in 2004, I was scared every day.
I thought about my friends and classmates who were killed.
That's why I continue to go to this gym before each September 1.
I want to pay tribute to the memory of my old childhood friends.
It's hard for me to get in the gym, but I have to do it.
I don't feel like a victim, this story is a part of my past now.
I won't forget about it, but I don't feel sorry for yourself.
My life continues.
I graduated from high school this year and enrolled in the medical University in Vladikavkaz.
I will study to become a heart surgeon.
My first choice was to join the army.
I wanted to be a soldier, but his health wouldn't let me.
I wanted to fight for my country, but this will not happen.
George Farniev, 20 years
The boy who lived, despite the fact that he was at the feet of terrorist murderers
Incredibly: George Farniev was at the feet of the terrorist-murderers during capture, but still he managed to survive
During the capture, he was photographed in a gym sitting next to the bomb at the feet of terrorist murderers.
Really, it's a miracle he wasn't killed.
"We think it was yesterday," says George, who wanted to be an intelligence officer in the FSB, but could not because of the damage that was caused to his health at the time of capture.
It's still with me, it's not something that I left behind.
I'm older now, and they say that children can easily cope with bad events, I must say that it is not true.
"In 2006 I worked with psychologists, and I felt a little better after that, but I can't forget it.
I would like to forget.
In 2005 the following year - was the first and last time I went to this gym again.
I lost consciousness.
I would never go there again, and please don't ask me to show where I saw this.
Survivors: George Farniev today with an open laptop a photo of himself in hospital after seizure
My pain is huge, and I carry it with me every day.
My friends know that I don't like to think about it or discuss it, and they never asked me about school.
With regard to physical condition, I'm healthy.
I need to be careful with the knee, which was damaged, but now I'm walking normally.
But health did not permit me to go to study at the Academy of the FSB in St. Petersburg as I wanted.
I sent my documents, including medical reports, and they replied that it was impossible.
My second passion was animals, so I went to the veterinary Institute.
I studied there for two years.
He learns to treat all animals from cats to cows."
He said, "I know that I will never tell their children about their experience.
This is not what children should know, and certainly not what they need to survive.
His mother Marina, 42, said: "the pain never leaves me.
She's in my soul, worse when the anniversary is approaching.
I'm going to attend the ceremonies that will be held to celebrate her.
I know that George will not go.
For him it should be even stronger, because he was there and I didn't.
I was waiting for him at home and could not help.
I'm so grateful to God that he came back to me. Here in Beslan imprint is on every.
He remains with us.
George is now an adult, but the nightmare was still with him.
Hard to accept when something is so terribly unfair, happens to you.
He's a boy, he loves sports, but is unable to do because of the knee.
He had several surgeries, he can walk, but can't do sports.
I'd say he's 50% got through this nightmare, but it is impossible to completely overcome and forget it.
This horrible experience will stay with us.
Many friends and neighbors were killed during the capture, and it only increases my pain.
I lost a lot of people I knew well and who were dear to me.
My son is with me, and this is the best gift that God could ever give me, but my heart aches for those who were killed.
I know families where new children were born, but I know and widows who never married.
It's hard to accept that life goes on, even if you don't want.
I will never forget how heart jumped from my chest at that moment, when I saw him in the hospital.
Now I look at what is happening in the world of war in different regions.
What are these people fighting?
Why are they killing each other?
The war is very close to our country now, and I hardly believe in it.
We were one happy country in the past, how it happened, what are we fighting now?
People and children are suffering, I'm sure many children have already been killed in Ukraine and many will be killed.
If you could grab all the rebels and thrown away - as far away as possible.
Alena Scaeva, 10 years
The infant said moving away to a safe place SWAT member
Saved: Alain Ckaaww carries in a safe place Russian special forces soldier (left).
She is now ten (right), and she does not remember about the monstrous crime
The world stopped breathing in 2004, when the little Allen endured at the hands of the seized school in Beslan, the Russian police.
Terrorists released her, but cruelly left her 30-year-old mother, a ten year old sister Christine and brother Mahar in the school gym.
Mahar, who was then three years old, survived, but Alanine mother and sister were killed in a deadly massacre.
Her father Ruslan has since remarried, and he and his new wife Svetlana has a little girl, named Christine, in memory of the daughter he lost.
Alena, who is now ten, remembers nothing about the capture and blossomed into a smart and cheerful girl, say the neighbors.
"They're a big happy family now, and Alena and Mahar - both are wonderful children," says a close friend.
Ruslan is a great father and wants to keep them away from all the memories, marking the tenth anniversary.
You can understand why.
Midfielder Shinji Kagawa, who returned from Manchester United to Borussia Dortmund, said he is looking forward to when again able to take the field in the form of the German club.
According to him, this transfer is a happy event in his career.
Of course, I am very glad that again I will play for Borussia - leads Bild words Kagawa.
I feel very good.
Full of positive emotions and look forward to when again be able to take the field in the form of Borussia Dortmund.
Recall, Kagawa moved to Manchester United from Borussia Dortmund in the summer of 2012 for 16 million euros.
However, he was never able to gain a foothold in the composition of the English club, having spent two seasons in just 38 matches in the Premier League, scoring 6 goals and giving 8 assists.
The man accused of hitting a girl on a pedestrian crossing Pelican in Fife
78-year-old man will stand trial on charges of hitting three-year-old girl on a pedestrian crossing Pelican in Fife.
Gordon Stewart allegedly hit the girl on the transition in Pittenweem in East Nuke.
Prosecutors said that Mr. Stewart was driving my Audi Q3 without due care and attention and hit a girl, whereby she was injured.
Stewart, age 78, of Anstruther, denied his guilt in the Sheriff's court of Dundee.
Sheriff Charles McNair, Queen's counsel, appointed court date on Jan.
Obama, Merkel and Hollande will not buy food in Vladivostok
Shop Duty Free airport Vladivostok posted a sign prohibiting to shop in this store a number of world political leaders.
Not to shop them spirits, vodka and cognac.
Administration decided that U.S. President Barack Obama, German Chancellor Angela Merkel, French President Francois Hollande, Vitali Klitschko, Yulia Tymoshenko, Prime Minister of Japan and a few famous friends will not be able to buy food with vodka, cognac and spirits in their store.
And posted on the door of the corresponding plate.
Previously, Obama received a ban on entering in even less available to him according to his service - Dietary MSU cafeterias, as reported by the website of catering establishments.
Cherished whether the American President is a dream to eat in diet dining room in Russia, is not known, but the authors explicitly bans themselves seem terribly witty.
Is there a cheese after the embargo: Medvedev gave advice to farmers
Prime Minister of Russia Dmitry Medvedev considers that in the conditions of the embargo Russian farmers need to master new technologies, to launch popular among customers varieties of cheese.
Advice was given during the visit to the enterprise "Hpterm" company "Agrocomplex".
The Prime Minister also gave advice to restaurateurs to shift to Russian meat, the quality of which is at the proper level.
Annual embargo on food imports was introduced in Russia since 7 August.
The head coach of Russian national team Valentin Maslakov pleased with the results of the tournament DecaNation.
According to him, the third place - a good result given the lack of targeted training for competitions.
Our athletes performed at their level - leads "All sports" the words Maslakova.
Third place - enough proof of our high command level.
It's nice that the advantage of the French and even the Americans have over us is minimal.
We must remember that we are not prepared for these competitions.
The season is over, and we did not oblige our leaders to participate in the match DecaNation.
In recent years, we have finished second in this tournament, but this season, we've updated team.
The French, by contrast, fielded a strong team including 13 of the European Champions.
They did not hide their intention to win this year, many were publicly announced.
But even such a composition of the hosts of the competition was unable to resist the Americans.
Therefore, I believe that the Russians acted in such a distinguished company at a good level.
But the results in some types were much lower than on the same "Diamond League".
The season is over.
Of course, athletes are not as important result, especially in team competitions.
The main thing here was the place.
And by results, I agree, it got to the point of absurdity when at 1500 m men are so fond of the tactical intricacies of running that showed the result of below average... women's races.
4 tips on how to achieve the best quality underwater photographs and videos
If you want to take pictures or shoot video underwater, you a number of equipment options.
The cheapest option is a waterproof "soap dish", for example, the Nikon Coolpix AW120, or action camera, for example, GoPro Hero3+ Silver Edition, both of which sold for around $300.
I took these photos on a family holiday with a few cameras, all for about $350.
No matter what equipment you use, a few rules you need to follow in order to achieve the best results.
Recheck your equipment.
Even if you have a waterproof camera, make sure the battery in the camera and the other compartment is tightly closed.
In addition, set up your camera for the type of photos or videos that you shoot.
Some photos and video cameras have scene modes or the type of object that optimize the exposure for dark underwater conditions.
And before you jump in the water, understand how deep your equipment can be lowered.
Some cameras are designed only 5 feet, others 50 or 60 feet.
See our buyer's guide and rankings of digital cameras both for traditional and for waterproof models.
Shoot a few frames - because many of them will not work.
The cameras have a LCD that will help you to compose shots, while action cameras on them usually do not.
Even if you have a LCD, it will be difficult to see under water, and the composition will be a random process.
So do a few frames.
Also, if your camera has a burst mode that takes multiple shots with slightly different exposure settings, use them.
Stay at the surface.
The amount of light is significantly reduced, the deeper you dive under the water.
If possible, stay near the surface, when you shoot in the pool, river or ocean.
It will also allow you to convey more color in photos; the deeper you go, the less color you will see.
Swim up closer to the subjects.
This is a great tip for shooting on land, but it is even more important under water due to dark lighting conditions.
Especially important if you're shooting for action-camera: This instrument often has a fixed, wide angle lens, which means you will have to approach the subject, if you want to fill the frame.
Bronze medalist of Olympic games 2012 wrestling Bilyal Makhov can go in Greco-Roman wrestling.
About this informed the head coach of the national team of Dagestan wrestling Sajid Sazhidov.
The specialist did not rule out the participation of the athlete at the world Championships in Tashkent in September 2014.
Currently Bilyal Makhov is on the team "classics", - quotes "f-Sport" words Sazhida Sazhidov.
Generally, juniors Bilyal performed in both styles.
At the youth world championship 2005 he became the winner of tournament of wrestlers and the third prize-winner in competitions Greco-Romans and decided to concentrate on wrestling.
Long ago there was talk that a new stage of his career, our heavyweight will hold in Greco-Roman wrestling.
I will say more: Makhov can act at the world Championships in Tashkent - if you win the first set.
But the final word always for the coaching staff led by Gogi koguashvili.
Andrew Lawson was a man whose force of personality could shake all around, even in such a huge organization like the national health service.
Advice anesthesiologist, he has dedicated his career to rid the patients as suffering from sickness and from pain treatment.
Among those who approached him, says his wife, was an officer of MI6 who had to live with the devastating consequences of torture.
Lawson understood that, while doctors are passionate about diagnoses and diseases, those undergoing treatment, mainly worried about something completely different - the pain.
One day in 2007, however, he was the one who started to suffer.
"I didn't feel, as usual," he wrote in may last year.
I found it hard to find the strength.
Struggling with symptoms similar to the flu, he found that angrily accuses his wife, Juliet.
"I want things to happen faster rather than later", he said.
When she is away on business for a week, Lawson found that he was unusually and inexplicably upset.
Something wasn't right.
He asked a colleague to do a chest x-ray.
Just two weeks before he was skiing in the French Alps.
The x-ray results came.
It was mesothelioma, an incurable cancer that affects the pleura, or the lining of the lungs.
For most cancers it is difficult to figure out the exact cause.
Although some smokers contract lung cancer, not all lung cancer patients smoked.
But with the mesothelioma different.
In almost all cases the cause - exposure to asbestos, fibrous building material that was once called a "miracle", but which, as we now know, deadly.
For most of us mesothelioma - a disease that can not pay attention.
Asbestos, in the end, the material from the past.
The most dangerous type of asbestos is not used in the UK since the 1960's, when industrial Advisory the ban came into force.
Even when it was used, only people from specific industries worked closely with him: truboizolyatsia, builders, carpenters and workers in the docks, for example.
Industrial toxin from another era, it hardly seems a cause for concern today.
But such tranquility is wrong.
Britain, it turns out that today is at the peak of the epidemic of mesothelioma.
Here from mesothelioma kills more people than any other country on the planet.
With an annual mortality of about 2,500 people, more than two times as many people die from this disease than in car accidents.
The annual number of deaths from mesothelioma since 1980 and projected number of deaths in the future in the UK
The reason we feel its fatal consequences now, is that, although the use of asbestos is illegal for many years (all types of asbestos were eventually prohibited by law in 1999), for the development of mesothelioma usually takes decades.
And attack of mesothelioma is not limited to veterans specialties industrial construction.
Asbestos was, and in many cases remains laid in the house where we live, the offices where we work, the schools where we learn, and the stores where we shop.
As a result, mesothelioma does not pay attention in class, level of wealth, profession, or age.
Bastions of elitism, from fashionable London Department stores to private schools, as it turned out, not salvation.
The Parliament building is riddled with asbestos.
Even hospitals that are intended to treat us, were the tanks of this deadly carcinogen.
Andrew Lawson was not old.
He was not tuboitaliano.
In fact, he had to think, where could he have come into contact with asbestos.
Then he realized.
"It seems that could be a lot of asbestos in the tunnels in guy, where I spent six years on probation," he wrote.
All - students, nurses, doctors and porters - used these tunnels.
I wonder how many of my peers get sick with the same disease?
It was a question to which, unfortunately, he could give a partial answer.
"Of the four doctors who were trained in guy and have subsequently developed mesothelioma in the last five years," he noted in a letter in 2010, "I survived".
How many of us will contract the disease?
Andrew Lawson was diagnosed with mesothelioma, when he was 48 years old.
When he died, on February 17 of this year, he was 55.
To live so long is unusual.
Fifty percent of patients with mesothelioma die within 8 months after diagnosis.
She always fatal.
Thus, now we can only repeat the question Lawson: "How many of us get sick of the same disease?"
According to a leading expert on mesothelioma in the UK, Professor Julian pito, most likely to assume that between 1970 and 2050, when the asbestos epidemic in the UK must come to an end, die about 90,000 people.
Most now can not imagine that they will die that way.
Asbestos mine in Quebec, Canada Alamy
Quick view reports from courtrooms, where victims often seek compensation, shows how far spread attack of mesothelioma.
This June, for example, Marks & Spencer admitted that inadvertently subjected Janice Ellen contact with asbestos.
She worked on the network for nine years, from 1978 to 1987, leading the clothing Department at two sites, one of which was the main store on Oxford Street.
Mrs. Ellen was 18 years old when she started working at M&S.
Now she has two children over 20 years.
"Before this happened," she says, "I never heard about mesothelioma, I barely knew about the asbestos.
Me and to a head could not come that it will affect me.
Few people really know much about asbestos.
In fact, asbestos is not a single substance but a group of six minerals.
They got their name from the word "asbestiform" which means a fibrous structure that gives them strength and flexibility.
Of these six, three were often used in construction.
Chrysotile, commonly known as white asbestos, the most frequently found in buildings today.
It was used in roofing panels, floor tiles, insulation of pipes, boilers seams, even brake pads in cars.
It is less deadly than other forms of asbestos, but still recognized by the European Union and the world health organization "a major source of health damage, which can lead to death.
More dangerous, however, brown asbestos (amosite) and blue asbestos (crocidolite).
Britain was once the largest importer of brown asbestos in the world, and experts suggest that "there is strong, albeit indirect reason to believe that this is the main reason for the exceptionally high number of patients with mesothelioma [in the UK]".
An employee of Marks & Spencer have been exposed to asbestos in the main store on Oxford Street, London Alamy
Janice Ellen, may not have thought of yourself as a typical victim of mesothelioma, but the work of Julian Pitot suggests that her story is not unusual.
He conducted a study of patients which suggests that "a significant percentage of mesotheliomas, when there is no known exposure at work or at home, were most likely caused by exposure of asbestos from the environment."
Most of this exposure, he says, due to "normal use and weather impact on our buildings.
No one seems to be sure he was safe.
The report Goddard Consulting, which dealt with the Palace of Westminster, shows how people, even in the heart of the government, could be affected unconsciously.
In 2009, Goddard reported that mines and technical pipelines for areas of parliamentary committees were contaminated with asbestos, the deadly fibers which could be set in motion by something as harmless as "strong flows of air."
Members of Parliament are often accused that they pursue their own interests, but in this case it seems that the opposite is true.
Although the Directorate of technical services of the Parliament insisted that the Palace of Westminster has received a clean health certificate", it is now recognized that it is necessary to carry out the work for £1 billion for the reconstruction of the Parliament, upgrading the electrics and removing asbestos, and that after 2015 General elections, members of Parliament may sit in the conference center QE2 near, but not on the green benches of Westminster.
The Goddard report noted that "the situation with asbestos is not managed in accordance with different rules."
It is impossible to know whether this error control cost lives.
All you can do now is wait.
One of those who failed to identify their contact with asbestos, is Graham Abbott, General practitioner.
As Andrew Lawson, Abbott, 50 years, suspects that he was exposed to asbestos when he worked in hospitals.
"I worked in the hospital, which were successfully brought claims related to asbestos," he says, "But I can't prove it in my case.
So hard to remember all the places where he worked, and dates.
He remembers clearly, that day in early December 2009, when it struck something that looked like the flu.
He was 45 and he was in the middle of the operation in the late evening.
Suddenly I started to fever.
It started very quickly.
I felt awful.
I thought I wouldn't be able to ride all the way home.
As a physician, Abbott knew that the pain comes from the pleura, the membranes around the lungs.
However, as Janice Ellen, he just had no reason to suspect mesothelioma.
In the end, he could not go to work for a month.
Puzzled the doctors did x-rays of the chest and put pleural catheters to draw out fluid from the lungs and send her for tests.
And yet his state's left without a diagnosis.
Gradually his condition improved and he returned to work.
But from time to time, the same symptoms returned, often after he played sports and was breathing heavily.
In 2011, one of the patients Abbott came to him in a foster with similar symptoms and was subsequently diagnosed with mesothelioma".
However, even then, Abbott has not linked it with his own case.
In the end, his patient was ten years older and worked directly with asbestos.
Communication in this case was obvious.
In September 2011, the state Abbott has deteriorated again, and advise his doctor showed him the CT scan and x-rays to a panel of experts.
In December 2011, exactly two years after Abbott began to feel bad, sensor, equipped with a camera, was introduced into the cavity between the shell of his chest and cover his lung.
I am an optimist.
I usually just go on," he says.
I'm not too worried about it, honestly.
But Rachel, my wife, worried.
The biopsy result came in the week between Christmas and New year: "I said it mesothelioma".
Graham Abbott: diagnosed with mesothelioma
Suddenly Abbott plunged into meetings with Macmillan nurses, one of whom asked him to contact a lawyer.
It was then that he realized the scale of the epidemic.
"It turns out that asbestos was widely used, especially in large public buildings often had asbestos insulation on the pipes," he says.
People who have been exposed to the asbestos in these buildings, now contract the disease.
Thus, mesothelioma is now affecting more young people with unusual professions.
The most dangerous asbestos insulated pipes in hospitals were located in basements, so it is unlikely to hurt patients.
But many employees, which took place at a pedestrian tunnels to get from one building to another (Andrew Lawson), or ate in the basement canteens (how often did Graham Abbott) is almost certainly really been exposed to toxic substances.
In the decades after the war, it turns out that hospitals were a place where, theoretically, saved the life of pacientov, but a place that represented a threat to the lives of the doctors who treated them.
It still continues today to remove.
Students set their Bunsen burner stand on an asbestos
And it's not just the hospital.
Asbestos was often used in offices, shops, libraries, and town halls because of its amazing insulating and fire-resistant characteristics.
The school, too.
In fact, many, most likely, was first exposed to asbestos in the classroom.
Across the country, countless chemistry lessons, pupils set their Bunsen burner stand on asbestos.
Appeared websites, which draws attention to the problem of asbestos in schools.
Meanwhile, in our homes, such innocuous things as floor tiles or roof sheds usually contain asbestos.
"This is an industrial poison, laid in a huge number of our buildings," said Andrew Morgan, the lawyer who represented Andrew Lawson in the case against the hospital Gaya.
In one case, only one contact, which could remember the sick woman, was the demolition of a garden shed in the 1970-ies.
So be careful, smashing garden sheds.
The effect of the diagnosis, when it is known that the disease is incurable, is huge.
"To realize this, it takes much time," says Graham Abbott.
I went back to work and tried to continue, but realized that I couldn't focus on what I'm doing.
I've been in surgery for two weeks.
Then I realized that I have to go and sort myself out.
Well, I'll never meet Christmas
One of the hardest things was the transition from the status of a physician in the position of the patient.
As countless patients before him, he remembers how was baffled by the amount of information that had to be taken.
"It was hard to realize," he says.
"I asked my doctor "How long have I got?"
I was given about 12 months.
I remember I thought, "well, I'll never meet Christmas.
That's all".
Mesothelioma is particularly dangerous, as it was the mechanics of how we support life - the very act of breathing causes cancer which kills.
Most cases, mesothelioma is caused by exposure to asbestos.
Asbestos consists of tiny fibers.
When asbestos breaks down and the fibers are inhaled, they can become lodged in the pleura, the lining of the lungs.
Asbestos fibers irritate the pleura and can cause cell mutations.
"The problem arises from the inhalation of needle-like asbestos fibers", Professor Tom Treasure, the cardiothoracic surgeon, who came in 2001 in the hospital Gaya.
Is the hospital, where, he suspected, Andrew Lawson, he was exposed to asbestos, and now, ironically, a leading center for the treatment of mesothelioma.
Treasure knew Lawson and treated some others, who likely has been exposed to, training in the hospital.
When needles of asbestos into the lung tissue, says Treasure, "the breath pushes them to the periphery, where the sheath.
This is, in essence, is an invasive process from the beginning.
Conventional treatment options for other forms of cancer are much less effective mesothelioma.
The effectiveness of surgery, for example, are hotly debated.
Some people think that it's worth a try.
Treasure does not agree.
"It is impossible to cut the pleura," he says.
It's impossible around it to approach it with a knife.
Meanwhile, this cancer is not very well to chemotherapy, which "works", but does not cure.
"From time to time, there are patients that live long," says Treasure.
But eventually, they all die.
Fortunately, some patients live much, much longer than expected.
Writer Stephen Jay Gould died 20 years after he was diagnosed.
Two and a half years after diagnosis, Graham Abbott continues to fight.
After he contracted mesothelioma, Abbott introduced to Andrew Lawson, who, four years after diagnosis, single-handedly turned into the Bureau of support and advice for these same patients.
"Hello, Cancer Central", cheerful he said when they called.
"He was very positive," says Abbott.
He was diagnosed 4 years ago and he's still very energetic.
First Abbott has offered six cycles of chemotherapy, which would have taken four months and would extend his life only for a month.
"I was desperate," he says.
I wanted to give up.
Lawson, however, "managed to make a somewhat more positive connotation".
After meeting with several specialists, Abbott decided to continue treatment with Professor Loïc Lange-Lazdunski, Professor of thoracic surgery in guy.
"We had the advantage that I didn't need directions, I just called them and they accepted me," admits Graham.
The average patient would have to get the direction and approval for funding.
Money plays a crucial role for patients with mesothelioma to get the best available treatments.
However, when such treatment is, finally, inevitably prove ineffective, many patients are faced with another financial concern about the future of the families they will leave.
And then they turn to the courts for compensation.
Andrew Lawson got in touch with Andrew Morgan of Field Fisher Waterhouse LLP.
"It was known that asbestos is harmful to health, since 1898," Morgan says.
But what has changed in the 1960s, is the fact that it became clear that even very small amounts could put health at risk.
It was then talked about the unfairness of companies.
Andrew Lawson and hospital, Gaya, eventually settled the case, but it was not a "settlement in full price," according to Morgan, as Lawson failed to prove that his mesothelioma was the result of contact with asbestos in guy.
After the investigation of his death, a hospital spokesman guy yet confirmed, however, that "asbestos in the basement, which was discussed, was removed in 1990-ies".
It was too late for Andrew Lawson.
How to remove asbestos
In fact, to tie the deadly exposure to asbestos to one company or place of work - usually tens of years after that was the big problem for patients with mesothelioma seeking compensation.
Many of their former employers changed hands or closed.
Insurance archives could be lost.
And whoever is protected from lawsuits, you know that on their side the time that the plaintiffs, of course not.
In response, this year took a serious new laws that make it easier for patients with mesothelioma, the process of recovering damages, even if their former employers cannot be traced.
In accordance with this law created the £350 million Fund, financed by the insurance industry, for those who were diagnosed after July 2012 and who can prove contact, but who have no one to sue.
In such cases, patients will receive 80 percent of the amount that the court would award in a normal case, compensation - circa £120000.
About 300 successful claims under this scheme, it is expected every year.
Andrew Morgan, like many who work with patients with mesothelioma, believes that £350 million represent a "very good job" for the insurance industry.
"It's a bargain, written by insurers for insurers," he says, hinting that the amount is a quarter of what the insurers would have to pay, if not interfered with, the time interval and patients with mesothelioma have been able to trace the company and file a claim in the usual way.
Even Mike Penning, the Minister for work and pensions, recognized that the law is "imperfect".
However, Penning, and Morgan recognize that, despite the fact that seven people die every day, quick action was necessary.
"People suffer so much, and they need help today," said Penning during the second reading of the bill of mesothelioma in December of last year.
By the time Graham Abbott was in the hands of Professor Loïc Lange-Lazdunski 19 months.
After initial consultations Lange-Lazdunski recommended surgery, which, unlike Tom Treasure, he considers effective.
This was followed by radiotherapy and chemotherapy - tritherapy in which Lange-Lazdunski boasts a whole 40 percent of surviving patients for five years.
Abbott felt a surge of strength.
"It's certainly one of the most important things," says Abbott.
You can see it from patients all the time.
There is some force that sustains you.
When you surrender, the condition may deteriorate very quickly.
Graham Abbott went into surgery in March 2012.
By the end of August he finished last of six cycles of chemotherapy.
A subsequent scan showed no trace of disease.
Then I had a scan in March [2014].
There were a few spots [of cancer] in my chest.
I was about to turn 50.
It's not life threatening.
This is the end of life.
And again Abbott went through six cycles of chemotherapy.
Now there's no sign of tumors.
However, this process, both physically and emotionally difficult.
You can think about practical things - about finances, when I die, for example, or about what we need to show wife how to work the timer on the boiler.
When you get bad news, become joyless.
We have to look forward.
As the father of Ellie, 16, and Tamsin, 14 years old, it is not always easy.
"It's hard for a parent," he says.
It's hard to understand what to say and how much to say.
When I was first diagnosed, I told the girls that I have a disease which means that I will not live to old age.
They reacted very differently.
Tamsin is very sociable and energetic.
She told all her friends, and we quickly called many.
Ellie was more restrained.
She didn't say much.
Such conversations is something that has to face all cancer patients.
But for patients with mesothelioma these discussions are not balanced by hope, even the window of opportunity to survive.
This disease brings with it (even as, ultimately, to Stephen Jay Gould) grim certainty.
Says Andrew Morgan, "mesothelioma is not a threat to life.
Body embalmed pharaohs wrapped in asbestos cloth.
Asbestos fibers are used to strengthen the pot and increase heat resistance.
Pliny the Elder describes the asbestos.
Now invented a cloth that is not flammable.
I saw made of napkins, glowing in the fireplaces at banquets
Modern commercial use of asbestos begins in Italy, where it is used for making paper (even notes) and tissues.
Major asbestos mines opened in Canada and South Africa and shortly thereafter in America, Italy and Russia.
It is an ideal insulator for steam engines and turbines Industrial revolution.
World production of asbestos is increasing to more than 30,000 tons per year.
Statistics from Prudential reveals premature mortality among those who work with asbestos and who consequently denied life insurance.
Nellie Kershaw dies in Rochdale.
Dr. William cook shows that particles of asbestos in her lungs was, without doubt, the leading cause of death".
This is the first case of this type.
Employers Kershaw, Turner Bros Asbestos, do not admit liability.
No compensation will be paid.
During the Second world war is rapidly developing shipbuilding, one of the most deadly professions from the point of view of contact with asbestos.
Voluntary industry ban on the import of blue asbestos
The court of appeal confirmed the first successful claim for damage to health caused by exposure to asbestos in the UK.
World production of asbestos eventually grow to more than 4213000 tons per year.
UK imports 139000 tons.
The Executive Committee on matters of health and safety in the UK requires that all contractors working with asbestos, has been licensed.
The import and use of blue and brown asbestos are prohibited by law in the UK.
All uses of asbestos are banned in the UK.
The act of mesothelioma adopted in the UK.
The compensation scheme of £350 million announced.
Asbestos is banned in more than 50 countries, but white asbestos is still used in cheap construction materials in many parts of the world.
World production is about 2 million tons per year.
China refuses to give Hong Kong right to choose leaders; protesters vow revenge
The China's Parliament decided on Sunday not to allow Hong Kong voters to nominate candidates for elections in 2017, despite growing demands for democratic reform.
Such a move would likely mark the beginning of a long-promised protests in the business district of Hong Kong, as activists began planning and mobilization in a matter of hours after this statement.
The decision of the national people's Congress representatives, in essence, allows the Communist leaders to remove all candidates that are not loyal to Beijing.
"It did not deceive our expectations, but still infuriating," said the legislator Emily Lau, Chairman of the Democratic party.
This is not what Beijing promised.
They have deceived the people of Hong Kong.
And obviously, we are dealing with an authoritarian regime.
Defending the decision of China, Li FEI, Deputy Secretary General of the standing Committee of the national people's Congress, said that allowing public nomination for the election of the leader of Hong Kong would be too "chaotic".
Since 1997, when Britain handed control of Hong Kong back to China, Beijing promised to allow residents of the region to choose by vote head of government, starting from 2017.
Chinese leaders introduced adopted on Sunday the decision as a democratic step forward, as it gives hongkongers the right to direct the vote; however, the decision also makes it clear that Chinese leaders will continue to hold fast to the process in their hands with the help of the Commission on the nomination of candidates, tightly controlled from Beijing.
And, according to a new article, only candidates who "love the country and love Hong Kong" will be allowed.
The decision was taken after the summer, when there was one of the most ambitious and well-publicized protests in Hong Kong over many years.
For a large part of the Pro-democracy campaign in Hong Kong is the movement Occupy Central With Love and Peace, the organizers of which has threatened to block the financial district of Hong Kong if Beijing does not guarantee real universal suffrage.
Sunday night, after a few hours after the announcement, hundreds of Occupy Central supporters gathered in the rain in front of the headquarters of the Hong Kong government.
At the demonstration organizers said that their movement is entering a new phase of civil disobedience and that they will rise to waves of protest in the coming weeks.
However, they gave no details, obviously, trying to avoid problems with state agencies.
In an online statement, the organizers said that the movement "think about the opportunity to capture the Central district only as an exceptional measure, an action that can be taken only if all possibilities of dialogue have been exhausted and no other choice.
We are very sorry to announce that as of today all the possibilities of dialogue have been exhausted and the seizure of the Central district will undoubtedly take place.
Public authorities in Hong Kong were preparing for the Declaration of Beijing a few days, and on Sunday at the headquarters of the government were strengthened security measures with the involvement of the police and barricades.
At the core of the disorder is a feeling among many in Hong Kong that they are slowly losing control over their own city.
The influx of residents from the mainland increased competition in the sphere of goods and services.
Also intensifies the fear that the values of Hong Kong, such as democracy and freedom of speech, begin to weaken under increasing pressure from Beijing.
Some criticize the Occupy Central movement, saying his demonstration of risk the business is the lifeblood of Hong Kong.
"The protest, which they say it can cause great economic damage, depending on how many people will participate and for how long," said the legislator Regina IP, which has long been critical of the movement.
We don't want to spread concern that Hong Kong is out of control.
This is the view that is harmful to investment.
Chinese state media also gave reports in recent days that the Hong Kong Pro-democracy activists were shown saboteurs sent by the Western powers.
This summer, activists organized an unofficial referendum on electoral law, which attracted 780000 participants - more than one-fifth of the voters of Hong Kong.
And in July, tens of thousands took to one of the largest Pro-democracy demonstrations in the region's history.
American culture Proms comes to University life: freshmen invited to arrive on a private jet
We are pleased to respond to this demand by launching the UK's first travel service category "Suite" for current students.
To leave a vivid impression from arrival to the University, the company also offers transportation options such as a private jet, Rolls-Royce Phantom, Aston Martin or McLaren P1.
Mr. Stewart also stated that the service thought about security.
This service is a great alternative for students who usually have to carry their belongings across the country in a dangerously overloaded car.
In combination with our new options for VIF, we look forward, let's help students this year to get to the University with a minimum of effort and maximum luxury.
The spokesman said that since the service just launched, orders not yet received, but added that "students will begin to request this service in the next few weeks".
The company also stated that despite the fact that the students need to pay tuition fees of £9000 a year, she hoped to find a market for this service.
Current students are quite different from students 10, 20, 30 or 40 years ago in terms of expectations and hopes: more important than ever to make a great first impression, and VIF exactly what you need.
However, the national Union of students criticised the service as detached from reality.
Megan Dunn, Vice-President of NAC on higher education, said: "This project seems incredibly detached from the lives of most students.
Many students, who this month will begin study at the University, face a crisis in the cost of living, when available, financial support in the form of loans and grants not keep pace with the rapidly rising costs of basic needs before they can even start to think about how to take out thousands of pounds on something simple arrival to the hostel.
Feminists raise the issue of race and behavior of the police after Ferguson
The unarmed teenager was killed by a police officer in Ferguson, Missouri, earlier this month.
Come raise your hands, chanting: "Hands up, don't shoot" while they wait in the queue before the funeral.
After two weeks of protests in Ferguson, Missouri, involving the murder of unarmed teenager Michael brown, blogger Miriam Zoila Perez noticed a shift in the online conversation among white feminists.
In her experience, white feminists, leaving comments, put gender above race when it came to promoting reproductive rights and income inequality.
However, as tensions grew in the Midwest and attracted nationwide attention, Perez saw the responses of white women that are focused 100 percent on race.
Compared with the reaction of black women shortly after the murder on August 9, personal essays with such titles as "thoughts about Ferguson on behalf of white women" and "Feminism is not only about the oppression of women" appeared relatively late.
But for Perez, they demonstrated a significant shift.
"In feminism, I don't think there are many people who talk about white skin and privileges at such a high level," she said.
People felt the need to say something about what happened.
This is very symbolic for the crisis we are facing, and because (the situation in Ferguson) is so tied to race, they felt that these should be explained.
For a Professor of English at the Ohio state University Charity Mitchell Ferguson has exposed the problems that black Americans face every day, but are not perceived as "women's issues" in the cultural sphere.
"I can write something funny in Facebook about what is happening with me and my partner, and will receive 150 likes from everywhere," says Mitchell.
When I write something about how people of color are under attack in your own country, the silence is deafening.
"Why women are safe to speak publicly about the relationship, but not about security in the public sphere?", she asks.
For black women, like Mitchell, who studied the issues of race, gender and sexuality in U.S. history, there is no dichotomy between issues relating to race and gender.
From her perspective, black women are in a position to clearly separate these issues; they are confronted with a difficult reality every day.
At the time, as white women now bring together the issues of race and gender in the feminist mainstream, Angela Hattery, Professor of women's and gender studies at George Mason University, says that their predecessors did the opposite.
"Between 1865 and 1890, lynched, at least, 10000 black men, and the basis for this is almost always served for the rape of a white woman", said Hattery.
Needed a white woman, confirming the story to justify lynching.
From the point of view of Hattery, the gap between white and black women occurred, when the white suffragettes, for example, Susan B. Anthony has studied the situation in the late 1800s, and saw that the struggle for suffrage will be effective only for one group: women or blacks.
"They decided to put all the eggs in the basket of voting rights for women, voting rights for blacks was to appear later," said Hattery.
A look back at things like this gives us a clear idea of why women of color don't trust white women.
We didn't do anything good.
We never helped black women to protect their husbands and sons.
Even after women had achieved the right to vote in 1920, took ten years to white women teamed up against linevery the Association of women of the South for the prevention of linevery.
This group appeared almost 40 years after black women first sought care, Mitchell said.
From the perspective of Mitchell, the rise of the reactions of white feminists on issues raised by the situation in Ferguson, the police conduct, racial discrimination - reflects a time when white feminists had to "catch up" to the challenges black women coped in several generations.
"However, it would be great if the activists who have such [traditional feminist] ideology, is as serious about the right to raise the child as they relate to the right to contraception?", asked Mitchell.
Feminists of the second wave who made a career in the fight for reproductive rights and access to contraceptives, are now beginning to understand what that means.
Known white activist feminist movement Gloria Steinem two weeks after the killing of Michael brown took advantage of Facebook and has posted sharp article by columnist Guardian Rebecca Carroll, who demanded that white Americans took more involvement in the protests on racism.
"I hope that women who have a different but similar reason to understand the danger in the body, and point of view on racial issues, which are significantly different in opinion polls - will be headed for change," Steinem wrote.
Although Steinem vouch for more intersecting feminism that includes issues of race and gender, her comments about race in America still surprise some.
Researcher at the American enterprise Institute's Christina Sommers, author of Who stole feminism?", told She The People that young men in the United States, especially the colored young men, "much more vulnerable than their sisters', but remarks Steinem about Ferguson contrary to the criticism that it had raised previously.
Now we have hundreds of special programs for girls and young women, but almost nothing for boys.
However, when the White house has recently initiated a small program, "my brother's Keeper" to help vulnerable black and Hispanic young men, followed by an angry reaction from many feminists, including Gloria Steinem.
The police relations with the black community is not the only problem, advancing the front line of traditional feminism.
After the border service of the United States was arrested about 63000 unaccompanied minors at the southwest border of the country this year, immigration reform again came to the surface - this time as a women's issue.
Andrea Mercado, co-chair of We Belong Together, an organization that mobilizes women in support of immigration reform, said that in order to file this issue as important for women, she had only to share the stories of immigrant women.
"They speak for themselves," said Mercado.
When the vast majority of work visas issued [immigrants-men], women who come with them, are in a position vulnerable to domestic violence and exploitation.
"These stories resonate with women's organizations," she said.
Ipswich house "with a pig" sold
Photo of the house for sale in Suffolk, was deleted by estate agents when it turned out that it shows a large pig, resting in the living room.
For sale for £120000, detached house with one bedroom is on a private road in Ipswich.
Detailed description differed photo living room of the house - which was a picture of a pig with his head resting on the couch.
A real estate Agency Connells reported that pig in the photo - a pet owner's home.
"However, the photo was posted in error and has already been removed", said the representative of the company.
In the detailed description of the house, Connells described the former house of Assembly as "a unique individual, one-bedroom house".
Despite the fact that the Agency has deleted the photo from their website, it still persists in promotional materials.
Buying a home sparked the interest in social networks, where some were asking if the pig is sold with the house.
Russian tennis player Maria Sharapova, in the match in the fourth round of the US Open, who lost to Caroline Wozniacki, believes that it lacks stability.
She says she wants to finish the year and try to reach a new level, reports from new York Vasily OSIPOV.
How do you estimate the results of the tournament "Grand slam" this year?
Of course, I'm glad I managed to win Roland Garros.
As for the other three tournaments, I didn't have enough stability, especially in the endings of some of the matches.
Now I, of course, upset.
Because are unable to reach even the quarterfinals.
What are your goals before the end of the season?
After a painful defeat I have a huge motivation to reach a new level.
I have work to do, and I'm going to do everything possible to end the year.
Asian tournament series begins in a couple weeks.
Member of state Duma Committee on physical culture, sports and youth Affairs, former world champion Nikolai Valuev has proposed for implementation of the standards TRP to give bonuses when entering universities.
According to him, overall standards are the same as in Soviet times, people will be able to pass the standards for lifting, running and other exercises.
Recall that 12 regions of Russia will be introduced from 1 September on its territory GTO.
I also offered to students who have passed the TRP, give bonuses when applying to universities - said Valuev.
For example, they can add a bit of points for the exam.
There are also offers to give an additional day off to employees of enterprises that have passed these athletic challenges.
In the city of Harvey in South Wales there is a new millionaire after winning the lottery
The player from the lottery Harvey this month.
Search for a new millionaire in the South-West of Perth, where one lucky winner will take home almost $1.1 million from the lottery on Saturday night.
A newsagent in Harvey brings the gold in the lottery for the second time in five years, last winning $1 million in November 2009.
However, the lucky winner still need to assert themselves.
The owner Steve Striker said that the win has caused a stir in the small town South-West of Perth.
The whole town is talking about it, and all very excited.
We thought that this win could be the secret.
Eight winners from Western Australia celebrated winning the top prize last month, marking the successful completion of several weeks for players in the state.
Last week a player from canning Vale became one of five millionaires of August, after a huge us $7.5 million winning pair from Belmont in just a few weeks before.
Won a pair of plays for twenty years and said that the win gave them the opportunity to travel the world and buy a new house.
Millionaire from Harvey brings the number of winning the Grand prize in Western Australia to 59 this year, with a total winning amount of $85 million.
The Ministry of economic development wants to accelerate the growth of electric vehicles market
This week the Ministry of economic development to submit to the government a comprehensive plan for the development of environmentally friendly transport in Russia, said Deputy Director of Department of the Ministry Oleg Pluzhnikov at the round table, which held a "statement" at the Moscow motor show - 2014.
The plan was made on behalf of the government, one of the main objectives is the reduction of greenhouse gas emissions.
It is expected that the document will be adopted in late September - early October, said Pluzhnikov, the proposed measures relate to electric vehicles and hybrids - a plan for the development of vehicles running on gas motor fuel in Russia already there.
The plan (a copy is in "Vedomosti") is designed for 2014-2017.
To develop criteria for evaluation of electric and hybrid vehicles and to decide how to stimulate the use and production of environmentally friendly vehicles.
Report to the government, which will describe the tax and customs measures to support electric vehicle, will be prepared by December 2014; the scheme of preferential loans and preferential leasing appears by April 2015; and proposals to reduce the prices of cars, promoting the localization and creation of service infrastructure will be developed by October 2015.
In 2014-2015 is expected to change in the normative-legal acts to facilitate conditions for the construction of charging infrastructure (Parking lots, gas stations, etc.).
In addition, Federal officials intend for 2015 to formulate regional authorities of the proposal, so they also encouraged the use of environmentally friendly transport - in the form of providing him with benefits when driving and Parking, for example; and by February 2016 and proposals to increase the procurement of such vehicles.
Finally, the Ministry of economic development already by October of 2014 will make to the list of indicators of an estimation of activity of regional authorities criteria, reflecting efficiency to support the production of environmentally friendly transport, the development of charging infrastructure.
The electric vehicle market in Russia is still only forming in 2013 across the country sold about 100 electric vehicles.
In early 2014, set to zero import duty on electric cars, so sales will be approximately 500 pieces, predicts CEO of Mitsubishi Motors in Russia, Andrey Pankov.
But a five-fold growth does not make electric cars much: in 2013, in Russia, according to the Association of European businesses, sold 2,78 million passenger and light commercial vehicles.
While in Russia electric vehicles Mitsubishi Motors imports only.
Start importing prepared Renault - the company focuses primarily on corporate clients, says Director of strategic planning and partnerships of Renault in Russia Nicolas remise.
Most other manufacturers of electric vehicles has taken against Russia on the fence.
The development of electric vehicles and Russian producers - ""Gas, "" but the issue is scanty.
For example, in January - July of 2014, according to "ASM-holding", "AVTOVAZ" produced 30 electric cars.
Demand is low because of the high cost of electric vehicles, the Director admits, "AVTOVAZ" engineering Sergey Amanov, without the support of a breakthrough in this segment will not be....
The development of the Russian market of electric vehicles in addition to the cost of cars (those electric cars that are sold in Russia, on average, twice as expensive as similar models with internal combustion engines) inhibits underdeveloped charging infrastructure (filling stations - units), says the General Director of "Avtostat" Sergey Tselikov.
Because of the high cost and low rate of cost reduction electric cars in the next 3-4 years will remain a niche segment of the Russian market, says the chief editor of "auto review" Michael Podorozhansky, Pillars agrees with him.
Automakers, on the contrary, they say that some models of electric cars are already close to the cost of conventional.
The Russian market of electric vehicles is good, the main thing is to instill confidence in consumers that the "mobility" of the real; this, in particular, will contribute to the emergence of new charging stations, stressed the President of BMW group in Russia Wolfgang Slime.
Such implements infrastructure projects, for example, the state company "Russian grids" in Moscow built a few stations, soon there will be another 80.
Talks about building a network of fueling stations are under way with other regions.
According to the Director of the Department of "Russian grids" Vladimir Sofina, the company believes the market for electric vehicles and is ready to build refueling throughout the country, but there are problems: a small number of electric vehicles in the country and the lack of a single standard for charging electric cars of different brands.
In addition, rosseti as a network company may engage in the sale of electricity, the possibility to do so in relation to electric vehicle charging.
Punks believes the most effective measure of state formation in Russia of the market of electric vehicles zero customs duties.
Zero rate will be valid until the end of 2014, with the possibility of extension, the extension of the grace list.
Replacement vehicle tax on environmental (the idea is discussed and applies to all cars) will also support the market, but not so noticeable as customs preferences, says Pankow.
Transport tax in Russia is small, says Pankow, unlike, for example, from Norway, where the tax reduction led to a sharp increase in sales of electric cars - now they account for 12% of the market.
In Russia we need incentives for car owners, such as free Parking in the city centre (as has been done in Moscow), I'm sure the punks, or the possibility of movement of electric vehicles on dedicated lanes, which in Russia yet.
In Colorado crashed a private plane
A single-engine aircraft Piper PA-46 crashed in the U.S. state of Colorado.
Three out of five people in it, were killed, ITAR-TASS reported.
Survivors taken to hospital.
The accident occurred a few kilometers from the runway of the airport in Denver.
Now are the cause of the tragedy.
In the Donetsk region deal with prisoners by fighters of the battalion "Donbass".
Punishers were surrounded under Ilovaisk.
They were loyal to their own commanders, and dozens of security forces were killed under fire.
Those who survived, they say that if they knew what actually the situation in the South-East of Ukraine, the fight would not go.
108 prisoners can be called lucky.
Punitive battalion "Donbass" was still alive after the "grinder" in which they happened near Ilovaysk.
Surrounded by the army of the Donetsk people's Republic fighters spent several days, in fact, abandoned by their commanders and the government of Ukraine.
When the staff said that from "the ring" exit allegedly provided to the corridor, the column moved.
But just a couple of minutes on all sides whistled shells and bullets.
"Judging by the information I was given, we had the corridor, we were allowed to go out," says acting Deputy battalion commander with the Callsign "Lermontov".
And when we between multi player and Chervonosilskiy descended into the lowlands, began cross fire from anti-tank guided missiles, "susek", grenade launchers, 30 mm automatic cannons BMD, small arms.
Ahead of me were four behind three cars and, in the end, the machines were only two.
The officer with the Callsign "Lermontov" says: almost immediately killed at least 60 people, dozens were injured, many died later.
The surviving fighters now provide medical aid to those whom they came to kill.
Now prisoners are surprised that the so-called "terrorists" treat them well, give food and medicines.
At the time, as his own commanders actually tricked them and condemned them to certain death.
We have been betrayed just, they say.
The column, the whole battalion, so it was destroyed.
In the battalion "Donbass", like many of his comrades, Alex volunteered, after all, the Ukrainian news told of the atrocities supposedly repaired in the Southeast "separatists".
Already here Alex saw a very different picture.
His mother in Lugansk killed - and not just anybody, but the Ukrainian military.
My friend called and said that a mortar attack, it is likely the Ukrainian armed forces, " says one soldier, Alex.
I then wanted to leave the battalion.
We were not released from Ilovaysk, said we were in the ring.
I already agreed with the commander, the report has already written about the care.
Us charges Sarajevo immediately taken to the transfer.
According to prisoners, "the situation in Ilovaisk stuck 300-350 people.
Now some survivors admit that if you could turn back time, in a punitive battalion they never would have joined.
All the prisoners militias handed over to the DNR.
Everyone is checked for involvement in war crimes.
The region has established the headquarters on the restriction of prices for products
In the Krasnoyarsk region established headquarters, which will limit growth in food prices in the regional market.
The decree on the establishment of this structure have already been signed.
The staff includes members of government, representatives of the Executive and Supervisory agencies.
Together, they will monitor prices for agricultural products in the province.
News Economy ― will Refund if Kiev Rosneft's $140 million of losses?
The head of "Rosneft" Igor Sechin said that the company estimates the damage from bombardment Lisichansk refinery in Ukraine to $140 million.
He said this in an interview with Spiegel.
"We estimate the damage at $140 million and will negotiate with the Ukrainian government on compensation," - said Sechin.
According to him, the commissioning of the upgraded company Lisichansk refinery planned in 2014
However, the factory was destroyed by Ukrainian artillery.
"There was no fighting, no "entrenched insurgents", but the Ukrainian artillery destroyed part of an industrial facility.
In addition, missing technological oil, pumped into the pipe," he said.
We will remind, on July 18 in connection with the Lisichansk refinery fire burned a storage tank of oil and the destroyed building two warehouses.
Lisichansk refinery primary refinery in Ukraine, primarily the enterprise was commissioned in October 1976
The total capacity of the Lisichansk oil refinery is about 7 million tons of crude oil per year.
The plant is able to produce fuel of Euro-4" and the party of diesel fuel of Euro-5".
In March 2012, deliveries to the Lisichansk oil refinery were suspended due to its unprofitability.
The company decided to begin repairs.
After a year "Rosneft" has received Lisichansk refinery together with other Ukrainian assets of TNK-BP.
North Korea proceeded with the launch of short-range projectile towards the sea of Japan.
As reported by South Korean media, it happened around 10:30 a.m. local time from the province Chagando, which is on the border of North Korea and China.
As told "Interfax" in the Joint chiefs of staff of South Korea, presumably, the missile fell into the sea of Japan after flew about 220 kilometers.
Ruble drops amid geopolitical pressure
On the Moscow stock exchange the dollar rose at the opening on 3 kopeck to 37,15 rubles, the ruble fell against the bi-currency basket amid geopolitical tensions.
Trading on the ETS dollar started transactions within the boundaries 37,11-37,2 rubles/$1 on average in two minutes the rate is fixed at 37,16 rubles/$1, it's on 4 kopecks above the previous close.
The Euro made 48.79 USD for 1 EUR, which is 3 kopecks above the previous close.
The price of the currency basket gained 3.5 kopecks and amounted to $ 42,395 RUB.
The USD is trading at 23 kopecks above the official exchange rate, Euro to 16 kopecks higher than the official rate.
The Russian market on Friday, August 29, continued rapid decline, however, the panic this time was not observed.
Price kept falling and the ruble and even updated the historical maximum against the us dollar.
Now investors are already playing a deterioration in the geopolitical situation and possible new sanctions against Russia.
However, it's more like artificial hysteria, stretched through the media, especially Western.
Variants of introduction of new sanctions against Russia not so much.
TeleTrade "At the opening of the Moscow exchange ruble continues its sharp depreciation against the currency basket.
The geopolitical backdrop remains the determining factor.
However, if in the near future we will not see a new negativity, and Russian indices and the positions of the national currency can be corrected.
"Orenburg airlines" will sue "Ideal-tour"
"Orenburg airlines" showed the "Ideal-tour" claims totalling $ 4.7 billion.
The two cases of the meeting which will be held in October.
To consider cases will be different judges.
As informs "Interfax", the first lawsuit was filed on 14 August.
The amount is slightly more than 425 million rubles.
The meeting, it is scheduled for October 7.
The second statement was filed on August 18.
The amount a 4.24 billion.
The meeting, it is scheduled for October 2.
As has informed journalists the Russian Union of travel industry, judge assigned different.
In July, appeared in the media information about the debts of the "Ideal-tour" before "Orenburg afilename" in the amount of 1.5 billion rubles.
Airline CEO Victor Zyukin says about the amount of 1.6 billion rubles.
The General Director of "Aeroflot" Vitaly Saveliev calls an even greater amount - two billion rubles.
Twitter tried to become more interesting for new users
Microblogging service Twitter has changed the user registration process, to quickly attract new participants in active interaction with the platform.
This measure should reduce the number who scored their microblogs people.
Now new Twitter users will see during the registration of a large number of recommended Pattaya service accounts to immediately build your reading circle.
Recommendations are prepared on the basis specified when registering your interests.
While Twitter automatically sets the box on the subscription automatically selected for all accounts.
Because of this, the user will have to personally remove the checkmark, not to read those who are not interested in him.
If earlier users of the microblogging service could only see the avatars of recommended users, Twitter now displays a sample of one of popular tweets blogger to help make an impression on a person.
This is the biggest change in the registration page Twitter over the last three years.
In recent times, Twitter is actively working to modernize the service.
Such activity is associated primarily with the ongoing attempts of the service to achieve breakeven.
In 2014, the microblogging service has experienced slower growth of the user base and decrease the activity of readers.
The company currently desperately needs more loyal to the resource consumers, which, once again, would have remained for a long time.
The only way to ensure a steady flow of advertising funds.
Knowledge day in Moscow will be chilly and rainy
The first of September in the Moscow region throughout the day will be cool and rainy, according to meteorologists.
Air temperature in Moscow will be from 16 to 18 degrees, in Moscow suburbs - 13-18 degrees.
When cloud cloudy weather, places will pass rains, winds out of the East quarter will be pretty weak - just 3-8 meters per second.
The program of utilization of cars resumed from 1 September
From 1 September in Russia resumes the effect of the program on recycling of cars.
Until December 31, 2014 for these purposes will be allocated 10 billion rubles.
As explained by the head of Minpromtorg Denis Manturov, the money is allocated from the limits that have already been forwarded to the Ministry of industry and trade of the Russian Federation through redeployment from other areas of support.
The program will relate to all cars older than six years.
The amount of compensation will be 40 thousand per car up to 350 thousand rubles per cargo.
Earlier Russia already operated a similar program of recycling of cars.
The main difference of the current draft, the Minister explained, that is now expected not only recycling machines for obtaining a subsequent adjustment but a possibility if the car has reached the age of six years, to buy a new one at a discount when renting the old "trade-in" at the dealer, reports "Interfax".
On previous Federal recycling program, in effect since 1 January 2010 until 31 December 2011, it was spent more than 16 billion rubles.
Thanks to her, the level of car production in 2010 amounted to about 1.2 million units (that's a plus 101,4% compared to 2009).
The Creator Coming Out Simulator will release a game about modern journalism
Game designer Nicky Case, known on the game Coming Out Simulator decided to release the game on modern journalism.
He talked about his project in an interview with Kill Screen.
The case began work on the game a few weeks ago, however, widely known that fact had only now.
The inspiration for the game are the events in Ferguson, where now are the protests that began after a police officer killed an unarmed black teenager.
The focus of the project, which is still untitled, will be how news coverage of stories that affect their consequences.
The hero of the game, citizen journalist, you will need to photograph what is happening in areas where there are clashes between the police and the public.
The hero may have a different picture of what is happening that will affect the course of events.
If he will take the stage so that the police will look like heroes, and the protesters - the bandits, the police will begin to better relate to him and to let go where a normal person can't complete.
If he will cover the events differently, his photographs can turn peaceful protests into a large-scale riot.
Points in the game you will need to score via Twitter hero, which will be new subscribers, if you put the photos there will be popular.
The game still has no name.
Release date and platform on which it appears, is unknown.
The case, however, published a picture showing how an event can change depending on how made and processed photo of him.
In an interview with Kill Screen Case explained that he'd been thinking about the concept of this game a long time, but originally wanted to dedicate her protests in the US, and the events in the Gaza Strip.
After he began to collect material for the game, the designer realized that they lack the knowledge and skills to illuminate the history of the region.
However, when he saw how the media cover the events in Ferguson, he decided to make a game based on the incident.
Nikki Case is an independent developer who produces browser games.
His most famous project was Coming Out Simulator, which was released in 2014.
This game, which tells about the events from the biography of the Case focuses on how bisexual teen tries to tell about their relationships with homophobic parents.
Geletey pulls in Ukraine continued bloodshed
A call to prepare for the next "tens of thousands" of victims, defence Minister of Ukraine Valeriy geletey draws people to the continuation of the bloody confrontation, said in a statement the Russian foreign Ministry.
"In Moscow, of course, drew attention to the statements of the Ukrainian military Department Valeriy Heletey, announced the completion of the operation to liberate the East of Ukraine from terrorists" and the beginning of the "great Patriotic war", the loss of which will be numbered in the "tens of thousands".
The adequacy of the defence Minister of Ukraine, published on his page on Facebook mentioned post, is the subject of research by specialists in the military sphere", - stated in the message of Russian diplomats.
They hardly believe that such statements may belong to the Minister of defence of a civilized state.
On his page in Facebook the Minister of defence of Ukraine wrote on Monday: "Through unofficial channels, the Russian side has repeatedly threatened that in case of continued resistance they are ready to use against us tactical nuclear weapons".
However, he said that the "operation to liberate the East of Ukraine is completed.
Perez Hilton has removed all intimate photos of stars and apologized
Today the horror captured more than 60 Hollywood stars.
Hackers broke into primitive passwords in iCloud (data warehouse) in smartphones, after which their intimate photos appeared on the website of the blogger Perez Hilton.
Though not for long.
We will remind, the official representative of the stars of "the hunger games" Jennifer Lawrence has already reported the theft of photos with her cell phone and confirmed that all the photos that Shine in the Network are genuine.
Perez Hilton is the Creator of the eponymous website-tabloid, apologized to the actress Jennifer Lawrence and her colleagues for publishing their candid pictures, writes The Independent.
No, I was not forced to do this.
I haven't heard from their agents.
And now I'm going to delete the Nude photos of Jennifer Lawrence and Victoria justice," wrote a blogger on Twitter.
However, all of the candid photos of the stars are scattered in the Network.
David Beckham got in an accident, hiding from the paparazzi
David Beckham got in an accident on a motorcycle, fleeing from the paparazzi.
It happened in Los Angeles at the turn on sunset Boulevard.
British footballer escaped injury and muscle strain of the right hand.
Beckham came out of the tattoo parlor and waited for the paparazzi.
Eluding their pursuit on a motorcycle, he lost on the turn with control and fell, writes TMZ, citing people close to the player sources.
In the end, Beckham received a bruise, a sprain of the muscles of the right arm and scratches.
Tony Stewart crashes, back on track
The return of Tony Stewart on the track ended a little more than halfway through the race at Atlanta Motor Speedway.
Stewart hit the wall for the second time after his right front tire exploded on 172 lap, putting an end to his performance.
Stewart drove his battered car to the garage and then left without speaking to reporters.
The head of his team Chad Johnston said that 14 members of the team are upset, but now focus on the race next weekend in Richmond, Virginia.
"I would like to see a more successful attempt, and a better finish for him," said Johnston.
We'll go to Richmond and hopefully from there we can do it better.
Stewart first hit the wall earlier in the race on Sunday evening after a collision with Kyle Busch that needed repairs the right side of his car.
"I started today with a rather great hope to successfully reach the finish line," said Johnston, adding, "Just can't".
Shortly after the second accident, the car Stewart was loaded on a tow truck, and the team gathered and was ready to leave.
Stewart missed three NASCAR Sprint Cup race after his car hit and killed another driver during a race on a dirt track in upstate new York.
He decided to go back this week, and he had to win or in Atlanta, or at the next race in Richmond to participate in the Persecution.
He went back to work during the investigation of the tragic incident, which killed 20 year old Kevin ward Jr., who went to the track to Express dissatisfaction with Stewart during the race.
Law enforcement agencies reported on Friday that the trial of the causes of the accident will continue for at least another two weeks.
The decision about whether Stewart was charged, was not adopted.
The triple champion was greeted with loud cheers and applause when he was introduced before the race.
Starting from 12th position, Stewart was in the first 10 early in the race, reaching the fourth position.
Then at 122 the lap after the restart room Bush.
machine 18 has gone out of the trajectory at the exit of turn 2 and crashed into Stewart pushed both cars into the wall.
Stewart continued, but fell behind to 21st position.
Sobchak and Vitorgan cigarettes have Breakfast with Zhvanetsky in Odessa
Ksenia Sobchak and Maxim Vitorgan now located in Odessa, which the presenter did not fail to report to his Instagram.
However, one photo was very surprised and very confused pair of fans.
The picture was taken at Zhvanetsky.
"At Breakfast Mikhail Mikhailovich Zhvanetsky Maxim explains what is the deal with:)) #Odessa", - signed photo Ksenia Sobchak.
However, in addition of cigarettes on the table nothing is there.
No coffee, rolls, butter and other things...
Fans of the couple decided that She smokes too, and condemned her for it.
"A cigarette whose?, "Smoking kills!", "Some cigarette Breakfast) ", "Seems to be at the Breakfast on the table just cigarettes))) ", "Xenia, You smoke too?", - excited for my favorite of followers of her blog.
Recall, Sobchak recently boasted about what a delicious dinner for the first time made her Maxim Vitorgan.
"Happiness is when you come to the country,and husband to your arrival made dinner (for the first time in our married life,but what a tasty.The main thing is that now at the end of dinner did not say what the joke:"so now every day," boasted her husband Ksenia Sobchak.
The picture shows the Maxim that something is diligently preparing, and on the table already filed pickles and baked chicken.
Bulgaria prison officers held a national protest
Hundreds of prison officers from all over Bulgaria held a national protest in front of the Ministry of justice in the capital Sofia.
During a peaceful demonstration, they repeated their demands to return to the original conditions, which have recently been changed.
Higher wages are also included in the list of requirements that will be discussed with the acting Minister of justice Hristo Ivanov.
During the month, the officers expressed a symbolic protest against a new work schedule, demanding the return of the previous 24-hour shifts.
Despite the fact that the trade Union officials have met several times with representatives of the Ministry of justice, the agreement has not been reached, reports the Bulgarian national radio (BNR).
Negotiations are continuing, said the BNR, the head of the Main Department of corrections Rosen, jeliazkov.
It is expected that the protest of the trade Union of prison officers will be joined by members of the Federation of trade unions of employees of the Ministry of internal Affairs.
The army controls the new government of Thailand
General Prayuth (right) was appointed to the post of defense Minister Pravit of Wongsuwan (left)
A military ruler and Prime Minister of Thailand, General Prayuth Chan-OCHA announced the new Cabinet of Ministers, in which more than one-third of the positions occupied by the generals or retired generals.
The army received key positions: Ministers of defence, Finance, foreign Affairs and trade.
On Monday, Prayuth Chan-OCHA was officially appointed Prime Minister after that, as the king of Thailand officially approved the appointment of the head of the interim military government on this post.
60-year-old military man who seized power in a bloodless coup on may 22, was the only candidate for the Premiership too.
He was elected Prime Minister in the Parliament.
Earlier, the army appointed members of Parliament.
According to Prayuth Chan-OCHA, the coup was the only way to maintain stability.
Preceded it lasted six months, demonstrations, during which protesters demanded the resignation of Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra.
Officially, the Prayuth Chan-OCHA to be the interim Prime Minister, as the military plans to hold General elections in late 2015.
However, there is concern that the military is trying to consolidate his power in the country.
The military came to power on may 22
against complete paralysis of the civilian authorities.
Leaders of the main political parties were subjected to temporary arrest.
Immediately after the military's rise to power, they are subjected to the provisional arrest leading politicians, including the Prime Minister, Yingluck Shinawatra.
Arrested were also some journalists and public figures.
The current political crisis is rooted in 2006, when the army ousted as Prime Minister brother Yingluck Thaksin Shinawatra.
Both of them are popular among the rural population, especially in the Northern parts of the country, which ensured their success in the elections.
However, many members of the middle class and the Metropolitan elite joined the anti-government movement, which since November 2013, almost paralysed the country.
Nobody said that the salad mussels will be better, I never promised, jokes the waitress from new Brasserie Palm.
It is necessary to formally recognize that this is true, but the mind and the stomach remain adamant.
Because all have long known: we say "Belgium" - implied mussels, we say "mussels" - implied "Belgium".
Restaurateurs love profound to say that the success of the institution depends on three factors: location, location and again location.
There are places that are not that good, and even excellent, but some are unlucky.
In short, sitting at a table Palm, I remembered that once there was a cafe "Town" (in honor of the TV show), then "Odessa-Mama" and the restaurant "Beaujolais" beer and "Friendship".
Now here again beer, but not nostalgically-Soviet and Belgian.
Above ground is only the tip of the iceberg: bar and a couple of tables, all the rest of the space is devoid of even the hint of sunlight.
But it's fun here, as in the children's room: red, yellow and green walls, colorful chairs, instead of Windows - TVs, where swimming girls-mermaids.
Belgian institution in St. Petersburg has long been not new, so there is something to compare.
There are eight types of draught beer (260-300 rubles for 0.5 l) and countless bottled (170-1550 rubles).
Sociable-positive the waitress cheerfully presents a menu, telling that "mussels - large hearty seeds", and it should be noted: it is the service, despite some flaws, is the most positive side of the Palm.
Menu expected in content, but often very unexpectedly.
Who, for example, predict that meatloaf with Walloon prunes (280 rubles) is actually carpaccio, sliced so thinly that parchment paper in comparison with it seems to be a matter of ugly fat.
To feel at least some taste, if only to shovel once a half a platter.
With a salad it's even worse.
Classic liège (260) best of all would be to admit a crime against the Belgian people: some withered lettuce, boiled once upon a time the potatoes become limp Kenyan beans, the wooden chips of bacon plus for some reason pickled onions.
With such liège salad not wish the meeting to anyone!
The composition of ingredients of the Belgian salad was partly the other, but the impression was not positive.
If freshly quartered cherry tomatoes or fried mushrooms could still turn a blind eye, why mussels look as if for their lives they had called several times to defrost and cook!
Because I already know: there's quite a normal white sea mussels!
They are served in pots, in the sauce of your choice" (490-560 rubles per 0.5 kg).
Sauces half a dozen, one of white wine, celery and carrots, unlucky.
Vegetables there, and the flavor is missing, and there was wine, and has remained a mystery.
But good relying to the mussels fruity with homemade mayonnaise.
Chicken waterzooi here - not soup, thick to such an extent that, depending on your mood, you can decide first or second course in front of you, just a nice creamy soup.
It was stated that local rabbit cook in beer sauce, and nothing was said about the rosemary.
In fact, the situation was opposite: rosemary drowned out everything.
The impression that this rabbit while living exclusively fed rosemary bushes, causing the meat to have such a wonderful scent.
But to the leg of the rabbit was accompanied by wonderful - no, just excellent pear in carmelitano crust.
Waffles in Palm offer not only sweet, but hearty - beef, chicken or bacon and cheese (220-280).
The maple sauce was too watery, and the wafer is dry.
But came up to the table the Manager is very informal inquired about dining experiences.
Therefore, it is necessary to come again.
The dollar rose on MICEX above 37 rubles on the news about upcoming West new sanctions against Russia.
This is a new historical record.
The dollar calculations "tomorrow" at 10:29 MSK grew 26.9 cents and was 37,02 of the ruble, the Euro rose 30 cents to 48,73 of the ruble, according to data of the Moscow exchange.
The bi-currency basket grew by 28 cents to the previous closing and was worth 42,28 of the ruble.
Before the Crimean events, the dollar reached a high of 19 February 2009 - then it was worth 36,43 rubles, and on March 3, 2014 he was already 37,005 of the ruble.
On the night of August 29, the White house announced that President Barack Obama and German Chancellor Angela Merkel discussing the possibility of imposing additional sanctions against Russia.
The weakening of the ruble is a long-term, and in tandem with the Euro, and in tandem with the dollar.
Long term forecast assumed that mark, " says senior analyst "Alpari" Anna Bodrov.
Everything connected with Ukraine, one way or another will affect courses.
As long as this continues, investors will react.
Today the rumors about the invasion, not confirmed by either side, but the market was very emotional.
All the talk about what he was resilient to such news, yesterday was crossed out.
Week, according to the forecasts of the expert, will close around these levels - 36,90 and 37,05 rubles per dollar.
The tax period is over, oil prices are weak, politics, sanctions, the problem of gas transit through Ukraine are all links of one chain.
Also it is predicted runaway inflation: to the current prices for the fall will increase from 5% to 10%.
Soon, besides, over seasonal vegetables and fruit, and there will come a vacuum, while the network redirect to other suppliers.
"The dollar has come to a point in 37 rubles, and passed it back, some powerful no tantrums, says the head of the Department of market analysis "OTKRITIE Broker" Konstantin Bushuev.
Still will watch, will be entered on Saturday promised sanctions, as will meet the NATO.
Ruble, he said, declined sharply after the end of tax season, then came the news in Ukraine, moreover, the Central Bank last week said that the end of the year is fully transferred to the floating exchange rate and disclaims any foreign exchange intervention.
If you look at the daily fluctuations, it was no different from the previous in the course of this month, all scared it was the mark of 37 rubles, " continues the analyst.
And so, in terms of turnover anything powerful has happened.
Troubled times for the foreign exchange market were, I recall, when at the end of January was observed an increased demand for currency and the third in March, when the Central Bank has dispatched a record number of currency.
In UFS IC and see the positive side of the weakening of the ruble.
First of all, the growth of budget revenues from export operations, as well as improving the competitiveness of domestic producers due to increased cost of imports, says the chief analyst of UFS IC Alexey Kozlov.
On the negative side can be attributed to the rise in prices of imported goods and services.
Sharp fluctuations of the Russian currency significantly reduce the attractiveness of investing in the Russian economy, encourage the growth of inflationary pressures and, as a consequence, cause the increased cost of borrowing money, which, in turn, slows down economic development of the country.
If we talk about the stock market, devaluation of the ruble somewhat mitigated by the decline in stock prices, expressed in rubles.
For example, the MICEX Index during trading on Thursday declined to 1.67% and the RTS Index lost 3,27%.
Such a considerable difference in the relative magnitude of the declines in the indexes due to the weakening of the ruble during the day more than 1.5%.
The weakening of the ruble is emotional in nature and is caused by the massive desire to buy the currency.
In practice, emotions gradually come to naught, and quotes of the ruble partially or fully recover the lost ground.
"We believe that we will soon be able to see the ratio of the dollar and the Russian currency near the level of 36 rubles per dollar", - said Alexei Kozlov.
Genetic disorder is often misdiagnosed
The British reported that she had spent many years thinking that I would die, after incorrectly diagnosing.
Caryn Rogers spent most of his adolescence, thinking that she would live only a few years after she was diagnosed with another disease.
Actually, she had Charcot-Marie-Tooth syndrome (CMT) - a group of inherited disorders that lead to damage to the nerves outside the brain and spinal cord.
Charity CMT UK reported that incorrect diagnosis is a common problem among people with CMT, because so little is known about the condition.
About 23,000 people in the UK, presumably, there is CMT, which can cause motor symptoms such as muscle weakness, unsteady gait and pursed toes.
Patients may feel numbness or pain, and the condition cannot be cured and progresses, which means that the symptoms are worse with time.
When Rodgers was 13, she thought she suffers from Friedreich's ataxia (AF) - the state, the forecast for which was very bad.
Rogers thought she would be wheelchair bound by the time, when she's 18, and will die before she turns 30.
The mother of two children, who is now 51, said: "as a Child, I knew that I could not do what others.
Every day I fell, and I all took more time.
I've never been able to roller skate or skateboard with the other children, me and many mocked at school because of how I walked and ran.
Rogers said that when she was 13, after several operations to release the Achilles tendon and straighten the foot, she looked into the medical records, when her doctor left the room, and there was written that it has AF.
"I felt guilty because you stuck your nose where it doesn't belong, and that's why I didn't tell anyone, but I came home, I found information about this condition in the library and wrote to the Association of AF," she said.
When I got the information in the answer, I was shocked and suffered the terrible panic as possible.
I thought I was gonna be in a wheelchair at 18 and die before I turn 25, and I gradually lose their abilities in this interval.
I've been through this one, and I planned my own funeral.
She said that by the time she was 17, she realized that her ability to walk has not deteriorated as much as she thought, and asked my doctor.
He just got up, hugged me and said, "My dear, I don't think you have this disease, because you'd be in a wheelchair".
I think you have something that is far less of a threat to life.
After several genetic surveys she found CMT.
"When he explained what a CMT, I thought I drew a lucky ticket," she said.
Charity CMT UK has announced a month of information about CMT, to try to draw attention to this disease.
The tax burden on entrepreneurs in the Washington area is growing as the economy recovers
A recovering economy means more customers, more sales and more jobs.
It also means higher taxes.
Of your account for the payment of taxes at the state and local level for companies across the country, moderately increased in the past year, when accelerated recovery of the economy, according to a new study published last week, and companies in the Washington area is no exception.
The company in the district, Maryland and Virginia collectively paid $27.6 billion in the coffers of the state and local level in fiscal 2013, 3.8 percent more than the $26.6 billion collected in 2012.
The tax burden on businesses by the state and local level last year increased by 4.3 percent, to $671 billion, compared with 3.9 percent a year earlier, and it was the third consecutive year of growth after consecutive years, when the account declined in 2009 and 2010.
Taxes levied by the state, grew faster, 4.3 percent than local taxes, 3.9 percent, according to the study, which was conducted by the firm providing professional services, Ernst & Young and the Centre for state taxation, and tax policy.
More than half of tax revenue in the County, 56 percent, accounted for taxes on businesses, while 36 per cent of tax revenue Maryland falls on the firm.
Virginia, with 28 per cent, brings the least amount of tax revenue, in proportion, from entrepreneurs.
In large measure, the growth in tax receipts caused by the return to the initial level value of the property companies, the researchers say that raised property taxes by 3.7 percent this year after three consecutive years, when growth was less than 1 percent.
While the bulk of this revenue comes from large States such as California, new York and Texas, it appears that the same thing is happening in Washington zone.
The company in the district, Maryland and Virginia collectively paid $10 billion in property taxes at the state and local level in the past year, to $9.6 billion more than in 2012 - an increase of 4.2 percent compared with the previous year.
However, the observed return of the cost of real estate has any similar effect on the growth of tax revenues at the state and local level in Maryland, where property taxes are barely above one-fifth of the tax accounts of companies.
Company of Virginia and the District of Columbia pay about half the tax accounts at the state and local level in the form of property taxes.
"What's happening in Maryland is that such a big part of their property, especially the tax base around the District of Columbia, belongs either to the government or non-profit organization that does not pay property taxes," said Douglas Lindholm, Executive Director of the Centre for taxation in the state.
Thus, Maryland is forced to rely much more, for example, on income taxes to pay for the same services that exist in other States.
The recent increase in tax revenue from businesses cannot be fully explained by the recovery of the real estate market.
The income of entrepreneurs, it seems, are on the mend, according to this data.
Companies in the region declared corporate income tax at the state level of $2.3 billion, $2.1 billion more than in 2012.
Maryland collected $1 billion in corporate income tax revenues, the most in the region.
Although the trends are pointing in the same direction, the tax burden of entrepreneurs at the local level does not increase with the same speed in all three areas.
The level of growth in the District of Columbia was at the same level as the national average, 4.3 percent, whereas growth in Maryland was significantly faster at 4.9 per cent.
Only Virginia saw the rise of tax revenues below the average, equal to 4.1 percent.
Virginia was the lowest corporate income tax from three jurisdictions (each with the same corporate rate) equal to 6 percent.
In Maryland corporate rate is 8.25 percent, while in the County it is relatively high - 9,975 per cent.
A similar study by the US chamber of Commerce earlier this year showed that in Virginia lower taxes for entrepreneurs at the state and local level and, in General, a more favorable climate in regard to taxes for entrepreneurs than in Maryland.
The district was not assessed in this study.
Despite their advantage, Virginia is experiencing competitive pressure from its neighbor to the South.
North Carolina recently signed legislation that reduces the corporate rate this year from 6.9 percent to 6 percent, the same as in Virginia, and the rate will drop to 5 percent next year.
If the state will continue to achieve the goals of the tax receipts next year, this law could bring the rate of income tax for entrepreneurs to as much as 3 percent by 2017.
Meanwhile, small businesses in the Washington area seems to feel better and thus pays more taxes at the state and local level, according to a recent study.
Taxes for entrepreneurs paid in the form of the individual income tax small business owners - transition structure, which is arranged most small firms in the District of Columbia, Virginia and Maryland grew by 20 percent last year to $2.4 billion, with much greater growth rate than taxes for predprinimatel in General.
The researchers say that the trend and the increase of revenues from taxes on businesses across the country, likely to continue this year, with receipts of turnover tax in state governments and at the local level, which grew 6.2 percent in the first three quarters of 2014 compared with the same period last year.
However, the Washington area may lag, as the decline in Federal spending affects the labour market in the region.
The bronze age of Russian judo
Home judo world championship the Russian team won two silver and seven bronze awards.
By this measure, the Russians lost only the main favourite of competitions the national team of Japan.
The tournament in Chelyabinsk started on Monday, and the first day brought us a silver medal.
It became the owner of Beslan Mudranov, acting in category to 60 kg.
In equal final against boldbaatar Ganbat of Mongolia the outcome decided only one comment received by the Russians.
But the second day of the tournament was the most successful for the Russian team on Tuesday won three medals.
In the men's competition in the category up to 66 kg the silver went to Michael Bulaevo, and bronze - Kamal Khan-Magomedov.
In the final match of the Russian lost to the world champion 2011 and 2013 to the Japanese Masashi Ebinuma.
Khan-Magomedov, at the quarter-final losers compatriot, victoriously passed on consolation tournament and won the bronze medal.
In the women's tournament category to 52 kg also the third step of the podium got Natalya Kuzyutina.
In the semifinals she lost to current world champion Majlinda Kelmendi from Kosovo, which in this championship, played under the banner of the International judo Federation and successfully defended the title.
In the dispute for the bronze Kuzyutina won MA inang from China, but after the tournament admitted that third place is not what she expected.
And again an obstacle to the Russians to gold became Kelmendi, won Kosulino earlier in the final of the European championship.
On the third day of the tournament in Chelyabinsk the bronze medal in a moneybox of the national team of Russia put Musa Mogushkov, who fought in category to 73 kg.
In the quarterfinals, his abuser was a former representative of Moldova Victor Skvortsov, now plays for the UAE team.
But then the Russians won two fights and has won awards.
Mogushkov was performing on home turf with an ankle injury, which he plans to heal soon, so take a pause in the competition.
As for the ex-Moldavian Skvortsova, he and he in this tournament made it to the bronze medal.
Interestingly, and another of his compatriots, who sports citizenship UAE, Ivan Remarenko with bronze finished performance in the category up to 100 kg.
The fourth day of the 2014 world Cup also brought the Russians one bronze in the category up to 81 kg won Ivan Nifontov.
In a serious battle small final he by comments from an opponent defeated Frenchman Alan Schmitt.
On Friday, the tournament was played three sets of awards, but the Russians traditionally was confined to a single bronze in the men's tournament to 90 kg.
It became the owner of Cyril of Issues, with the Russian national team this medal was guaranteed his opponent in the consolation final was compatriot Kirill Denisov.
However, this contraction did not take place: opponent Voprosov not been able to get on the Mat because of injury.
Men's bronze was won by the hosts and on the sixth day of competitions in the team put Renat Saidov, who spoke in the category over 100 kg.
In the consolation finals, he won a clear victory over Brazilian David Moreu.
So ended the individual part of the world championship.
On the last day of the tournament in Chelyabinsk on Sunday, played out of the world title in team competitions.
Both Russian teams - male and female - were among the top contenders for the awards, but, as in individual competitions, the fair sex was not lucky to get a medal they got.
But the Russian judoists won the team silver.
In the final confrontation, they are in a bitter struggle with the score 2-3 lost main favorites of the competition - the team of Japan.
Thus, the Russian team led 2-0 after the clear victory of Khan-Magomedov and strong-willed - Denis Yartsev (weight category up to 73 kg).
However, in the heavier weight categories with their Japanese rivals are unable to cope Murat Habechira (81), Magomed Magomedov (90) and Aslan Cambiums (100).
The same scenario was developed and the bronze match in the women's tournament, where the Russian team, leading 2-0, lost to the Japanese - 2-3.
In the team competition in Chelyabinsk was attended by President of Russia Vladimir Putin, who after the tournament congratulated the men's team silver.
"Second place is very honorable, but I want to say that it was obvious that you could become Champions," said Putin, quoted by RIA "Novosti".
To lose to the Japanese, the ancestors of judo is nothing to be embarrassed about.
But I'm sure you can do them and win.
The Russian national team at the home world Championships performed considerably better than a year ago at this level, held in Rio de Janeiro.
Then in the assets of the Russian team was only three medals - one silver and two bronze.
At this current tournament missed Olympic Champions Arsen Galstyan and Mansur Isaev.
We all, of course, large maximalists.
Yes, I want gold medals.
But let's remember that if a person in the Olympic cycle is included in the top eight, then he's a potential winner of the contest.
Especially in a sport like judo", - summed up the results of the tournament, sports Minister Vitaly Mutko, who is quoted by the press service of the championship.
Team Japan was expected the best in Chelyabinsk, winning 11 medals, five of which were gold.
Next world Cup will be held next summer in Astana.
Get acquainted with other materials, news and statistics page summer sports.
The family of Joan rivers hoped for the best
Joan rivers unconscious since arriving at the hospital in new York three days ago, but her daughter expressed hope today that the 81-year-old comedienne will recover from the disease.
"Thank you for your continuous love and support," said Melissa rivers in a statement today.
We hope for the best.
Her mother arrived at the hospital, the mount Sinai Thursday after an emergency call that she had a cardiac arrest at a clinic in the Upper East side, Yorkville Endoscopy, sources said.
Doctors deliberately kept her sedated and under strict supervision until they will satisfy the state that you have "heavy".
The response was wide, including numerous support on the Internet from the likes of Donald trump, Montel Williams and Kelly Ripa.
All kings will
On sale debut album Royal Blood - new hope of British rock, who brought rock duets straight from the clubs to the stadiums.
Duo Royal Blood just a year on the scene, but already has the asset nominated for BBC music award, a tour opening for Arctic Monkeys and a visit to the dressing room of the new York concert from Jimmy page.
Their debut self-titled album a few months before release received 100 thousand pre-orders, and the contract for its production lies in the portfolio of major label Warner Music.
Given the current deplorable situation in the music market, the situation is out of the ordinary, because it is not about the new Lana Del Rey or another fruity the representative of the "new R'n'b", and the duet bukovich in view of the Brits, playing with the volume and intensity that was last in Vogue a few decades ago.
In General, rates on first album in relation to all the aforesaid circumstances were particularly high and is quite justified.
The Duo knowingly took the name that could encroach unless absolutely desperate hairy metallers, and the blood of kings flows, as they think, in their veins, is also clear.
It is, of course, primarily about the characters past level Led Zeppelin: as the great Quartet, Royal Blood aim to shake up the stagnant blood British rock, taking it to new heights.
To make predictions about the success of this enterprise until, perhaps, too early, but something to say already can.
A dozen songs, put in a little over thirty minutes is not so much a phenomenal demonstration of the composer's talent, how confident and powerful Declaration of intent.
Some of the advantages of separate rooms, of course, impossible to deny: for example, the pilot single "Out Of The Black" is characterized by the fact that remember not melodic line, and reel party.
Musicians jokingly say that this song actually easier to put than to sing.
Is to provide a powerful "Little Monster" and closes the album song "Better Strangers" with a Shakespearean quote in the title.
However, the truth is that each of these songs will be in great shape at a party lovers of hard rock, but when played in succession, they merge into a more or less uniform cloth.
And this is not necessarily a bad thing, quite the contrary.
The power of Royal Blood that they do not claim the laurels of the new Lennon and McCartney (rather, trying to be the successors of Motörhead), but brought numerous rock duets from the ghetto indie clubs.
Their music, despite some variety, created for stadiums, indoor, calculated less than a couple thousand people, she obviously closely.
The secret is partly in cunning use of bass, replacing the guitar in the usual format, invented in the beginning of The White Stripes.
However, it's not just the tools, but the approach to writing songs.
Heroes of retrorock zero with great difficulty been outside the postmodern paradigm, with a huge been reluctant to recognize not just the epigones, and independent creative units.
Royal Blood is now sound so powerfully and boldly that this pressure successfully Drapes its interior over some secondary and a die-hard musical material.
Well, in the end, who said that the rock needs to be smart?
Amazon buys Twitch for $1,04 billion
AMAZON has just confirmed what reported Information on Friday morning: Online store - and video producer, and a hundred other things - buys video streaming service Twitch for $1,04 billion ($US970 million).
This news was not a surprise because nobody expected that Twitch will be sold, and because many people expected that YouTube will be the buyer.
Three months ago the sale of Twitch to the Google video service for a good billion looked completely ready, and this combination seemed natural.
Twitch, founded just three years ago as Justin.tv, set a goal to be a streaming service of a General character version of YouTube in real time.
Instead, it quickly turned into a platform where gamers can broadcast their in-game moments; "YouTube for games in real time", according to Business Insider.
The Twitch Interface.
And "let's play" genre of videos in which know-all giving (mostly old) games processing, as in "Mysterious theater", already popular on YouTube.
The fact is that YouTube often mentioned when describing Twitch, so the news that YouTube is acquiring Twitch was greeted with little interest, a classic example of entrenched technology companies, reacquires a potential competitor.
It's a mystery why the YouTube deal has failed, given that, according to available information, he was willing to pay not less than Amazon.
All that we have at the moment is a statement from the CEO of Twitch Emmett Shira: "We chose Amazon because they believe in our community, they share our values and long-term goals, and they want to help us achieve them faster."
Another mystery, to be honest, it's the incredible success of Twitch.
Snobs like me who say it will be better to play sports than watch it, it's hard to understand the appeal of having to watch the games instead to pick up a joystick.
One thing to watch over the shoulder of a friend at 3 in the morning when she crawls through Resident Evil, and quite another to watch some stranger gets 20 headshots in a row in Call of Duty.
All the games that you could watch right now.
Another problem is that many of the most popular games today are designed for one person, so watch them shoot, without controlling the angle of view alone, can be a recipe for headaches, worthy to Do It Right.
I would agree that high-speed passing, in which the Roger Bannister of our electronic age complete the entire game in record time, entertain.
But if we are not talking about the virtuoso or humor, it is unlikely that his Twitch channel will generally be interesting.
But you know what skeptics like me?
The Twitch has 55 million unique visitors per month, and it is the fourth largest source of peak Internet traffic.
How Amazon makes money?
Hard to imagine that Twitch will minimize to Amazon Instant Video as gracefully as YouTube could just absorb Twitch.
However, Twitch is what I would have received any company: the crowd of young men who dream of advertisers.
As said the head Twitch Shire, Amazon and Twitch "both believe in the future of games", and this channel does not show any signs of decay, even - Oh - as a spectator sport.
As a result, in 2004, the terrorist attack killed more than 330 people, including 186 children.
More than 800 people were injured.
We held in Beslan a few days.
Talked with the surviving hostages - now almost all students, with their parents dead, the caretaker of the cemetery - city of Angels - Ramon Ispolatov, the head of the Committee "Mothers of Beslan" Susanna Dudieva, who took part in the RAID an officer of the Ministry, says a correspondent of the Society Department Elizaveta Antonova, who worked on the special project.
Already back in Moscow, met with Aslambek Aslakhanov, which 10 years ago was the President's adviser on the North Caucasus and was negotiating with terrorists, and the duty controller "In" FSB of Russia Vyacheslav Bocharov".
I am particularly shocked during the work on this topic is that in Beslan as if there weren't these ten years.
This is a very painful subject for everyone who has anything to do with her, people are struggling to agree to talk about what happened.
Driving experience is very difficult.
But forget Beslan, and I hope, with his mission accomplished," said Antonov.
Special project prepared by the Studio infographics holding Rambler & Co, who joined the company in the spring of this year.
Previous projects were devoted to the First world war and the 15th anniversary of Vladimir Putin's stay in power.
North Korea launched short-range missiles
North Korea launched short-range missiles into the sea of Japan, according to Yonhap.
The launch was performed at about 10.30 am local time on the part of the province Chagando, located on the border of North Korea and China.
Presumably, the missile fell into the sea of Japan, flying about 220 miles, said at the Joint chiefs of staff of South Korea.
Deputies proposed to speed up the entry into force of the law on personal data
In case of success of the initiative, these Russians will not be stored on servers abroad from 1 January 2015
In the state Duma a draft law providing for the postponement of the date of entry into force of the law on personal data of Russians - from 1 September 2016 to 1 January 2015.
Initiative is available in the database of the legislative activity of the lower chamber.
Was sponsored by the deputies of the state Duma Vadim Dengin, Yaroslav Nilov (LDPR), Evgeny Fedorov ("United Russia"), Vladimir Parakhin ("Fair Russia") and Alexander Yushchenko (CPRF).
This change, according to the authors of the initiative, will contribute to more rapid and effective enforcement of rights of citizens of the Russian Federation on the safety of personal data and the secrecy of correspondence and telecommunications networks.
The law, the entry into force of which hasten parliamentarians obliged to keep on the territory of the Russian Federation the personal data of Russian citizens, processed via the Internet.
He also makes a must-have recording, systematization, accumulation, storage, updating and retrieval of personal data of Russian citizens in databases located on the territory of Russia, and indication information about the location of such databases.
In addition, the act gives Roskomnadzor law on the basis of a court decision to restrict access to information processed in violation of the legislation of the Russian Federation in the field of personal data.
The law also proposes the creation of so-called "black lists" of illegal sites - automated information system "Register of infringers of rights of personal data subjects".
This law was passed by the Parliament in the summer.
The authors of the bill were made by Andrei Lugovoi and Vadim Dengin from LDPR Alexander Yushchenko from the Communist party.
The dengin and Yushchenko is also one of the authors of the current bill to change the date of entry into force of the law.
For those who have data centers in the Russian Federation there is no need to pay rent
Commenting on submitted today to the state Duma a bill, the first Deputy head of the Duma Committee on information policy, Leonid Levin stated that he sees no problems for the postponement of the date of entry into force of the law on personal data protection.
According to him, those companies that, by 1 January 2015 will not have their own repositories of personal data of Russian citizens on the territory of the Russian Federation, will be able to rent them, for example, "from "Rostelecom", which have repeatedly said that they are ready to provide your servers to rent and already provides its servers, Mail Group, Western companies, which today provide their servers.
"Besides, there are several independent data centers, is ready to cooperate in this area", he added.
"If companies decide to comply with the law and continue to work in Russia, I do not see problems - they have the technological capabilities to host," concluded Levin.
A controversial bill
Immediately after the publication of the draft law of the Russian Association of electronic communications expressed concern that if the bill is passed, the Russians will no longer be able to use many global Internet services.
In particular, we are talking about the online booking services of air tickets and hotels.
According to the Association, "the bill deprives the subjects of personal data of citizens of the Russian Federation right to manage their own data peremptory determining that their entry, filing, etc. should be provided only in databases located on the territory of the Russian Federation".
In a statement RAEC emphasizes that a more effective measure would be the establishment of a mechanism to inform the user about where the recording, systematization of personal data.
In this case, he will be able to choose which site will be the steps.
The adoption of such bills on the "localization" of personal data in other countries has led to global care services, and significant economic losses.
Participant test ice bucket dislocated jaw
Isabelle Roberts of the UK screamed when her head was poured the icy water that damaged the bone structure of the face.
This ice bucket challenges gone painfully wrong.
A woman was hospitalized after she was screaming during the test, a bucket of ice water, which is dislocated jaw.
Isabelle Roberts so violently screamed when her head was poured the icy water that damaged the structure of her face.
"The water was so cold that I cried, but when I did, my jaw started to get stuck," she told The Mirror.
Pouring water on a 20 year old.
Isabelle Roberts in seconds before the accident
I tried to close his mouth, but he was not closed, he's stuck, and then it made me understand that something is wrong.
Then my mom and sister came to the same understanding and they began to laugh, but I had to rush to the emergency room.
20-year-old woman from the UK was taken to the hospital to straighten the jaw after taking part in the popular craze on Tuesday.
The clip became an Internet sensation and has been published thousands of times in Facebook and Twitter.
The militia gave more than 400 Ukrainian military prisoners
In "army of Novorossiya" claimed to have shot down a Ukrainian su-27, and charged the enemy in violation of cease fire
The militia, as at 10:00 on 1 September handed over to the Ukrainian side 402 prisoners, 72 of whom were wounded, and the body 35 of the dead soldiers.
This was reported "Interfax" the representative of the press service of the "army of Novorossiya".
He added that "the forces of air defense in the area of the settlement Mareski hit by a su-27 that has violated the cease-fire."
According to the interlocutor of the Agency, the Ukrainian side in the shelling of the Lugansk airport has applied prohibited by international conventions cluster munitions.
The representative of the press service noted that the militia for the night managed to corrupt two helicopters of the Ukrainian air force on one of the airfield and destroy two armored and two warehouses with ammunition.
"Casualties of the enemy - to a hundred people killed and wounded, surrendered 13 people", - concluded the representative of the headquarters.
"Interfax" has no confirmation of this information from Ukrainian sources.
On Sunday armed groups "people's republics" in the Donbas announced transfer to the Ukrainian party in the observance of the ceasefire 223 POWs and soldiers of the National guard of Ukraine.
At the same time at night DNR army, according to the "army of Novorossiya", "stopped attempt of national guardsmen in violation of earlier agreements to withdraw from the area of the environment heavy equipment".
Then the militia said about the destruction in the brief battle two tanks and two BMP, capturing six tanks and disarmament 198 soldiers.
According to staff, the total losses of the enemy in all directions (Donetsk, Lugansk, Mariupol) for that night were five tanks, eight armored combat vehicles, more than 120 people killed and wounded
At the end of last week a large group of Ukrainian troops were surrounded by the militia near Ilovaysk in Donetsk region.
Russian President Vladimir Putin asked the leadership of the "people's republics" to release Ukrainian soldiers from the environment.
In the DNR agreed to go on condition of Deposit of enemy weapons and ammunition.
The first dozens of soldiers began to leave surrounded by settlements on Saturday morning.
According to the commander fell in the environment of the Ukrainian battalion of territorial defense "Donbass" Seeds Semenchenko, in the night of Sunday from "copper" there were 14 people.
In his Facebook Semenchenko wrote that the Ukrainian wounded are in captivity regiment 137 32 divisions of the Russian Federation and 9 armored brigade of the Russian Federation, where they were well treated.
Meanwhile, the foreign Ministry and the Russian defense Ministry has denied reports of the Ukrainian military and NATO about the presence of Russian troops in Ukraine.
The Russian foreign Ministry: Russia will take retaliatory measures in case of introduction of new EU sanctions
Russia reserves the right to take retaliatory measures to protect its legitimate interests in the case of the introduction of new anti-Russian sanctions, said the Russian foreign Ministry.
In the message of the Russian vneshnepoliticheskogo claimed that the conclusions of the European Council of 30 August demonstrated the inability of the member countries of the EU to overcome the inertia blindly support the Kiev authorities.
Brussels continues to insist that Russia was involved in the situation in the East of Ukraine, based on "completely unsubstantiated claims about the presence of Russian armed forces on the territory of this country", said on the Agency's website.
The Russian foreign Ministry regrets that the European Council, contrary to the interests of its member States, influenced the countries interested in strengthening of confrontation with Russia.
Members of the European Council should call for a peaceful settlement of the conflict in the East of Ukraine, and also to provide the conditions for a meaningful dialogue between the warring parties", emphasizes the Agency.
Also on the Agency's website States that now is not objectifying assessments of the humanitarian situation in the Donbas, where it turned into a full-scale humanitarian catastrophe, as well as a growing number of victims among the civilian population.
Recall that within the next seven-day in the European Union it is planned to develop specific proposals on sanctions against Russia .
Moreover, the representatives of the EU are working closely with American officials.
It is expected that they will be correlated among themselves introduce measures for the period and degree of rigidity.
New EU sanctions may relate to energy and financial sector.
Also, the Australian government announced the extension of sanctions against Russia in the field of defence, Finance and oil & gas industry.
Clever ways to save on College textbooks
Despite the fact that the cost of University textbooks for many students more than $1000 a year, Matt Schroeder, who will soon move to the second course, came up with a clever way to cut costs.
He developed a system of how to borrow books rent from undergraduates, offering them nominal compensation, so they postponed their sale.
"My textbook on mathematical analysis, which typically costs $180, I got for the semester for $10 and biscuits "Chick-fil-A"" says Schroeder, age 19, who studies at Covenant College in Georgia.
The necessary literature last semester would cost $430, he says.
He spent $120.
According to the College Board, the average student spends more than $1,200 per year on textbooks and educational supplies, however, students have a number of options for reducing these costs.
Students are increasingly choosing online shopping and creative ideas, like system shredder.
Rental books is becoming increasingly popular, allowing students to use the book during the semester, and often is significantly cheaper than buying them.
Company nebo, Incorporated, which owns more than 250 University bookstore, reports that the volume of rentals of books has doubled since 2011.
Industry research shows that about a quarter of the books in campus bookstores during the past spring semester were hired, says Vice-President of "nebo" Trevor Meyer.
Less than half of all books sold in University bookstores, according to the professional Association, the national Association of University stores.
Here's an introductory course on the best ways to make a better deal.
Buy in online store
Sometimes, if you go to the Internet, the price of a new book may be one-third from what you will see in the University bookstore.
The ninth edition of "Mathematical analysis" by Ron Larson, Bruce Edwards, and Robert Hostetler costs about $290 price is, but a new instance can be purchased for $239,99 on the website Chegg.com that specializes in the sale of textbooks.
Buying a used
If you don't mind strange marks or damage, used textbooks is a good option.
"Mathematical analysis," sold for $93,49 used in views Chegg.com.
Matt Casadei, 25 years old, a fourth-year student from Brigham young University, says he paid for Amazon.com 42 cents for a used copy of the textbook "Strategic decisions in the media: understanding the business side of the advertising business".
The book was sold for $48 new.
Teachers, for example, I Brace, Director of the "College without walls" at the University of Massachusetts in Amherst, invites the students to ask their professors if you can use previous editions.
Sometimes the update is irrelevant to practice.
In such cases, older editions can often be found for a very small share of the cost of the latest edition.
In addition to sites Chegg and Amazon Half.com owned by eBay Inc., popular alternative to buy used books.
Rental
About to take a rental textbooks, you should consider if you're well enough to handle them, don't forget to return them and will not want to keep them after the end of the course.
You can save more than 80% of the cost of a new book.
For example, one student was able to rent a "Mathematical analysis" for the semester for about $20.
Find out the rules of the store, where do you get the books, including any penalties that you can subscribe for the notes, underlining, and damage.
If you take a book rental, remember: if you don't get the book, the penalties may exceed the cost of a new instance.
E-book
E-books instead of traditional textbooks is another option.
Sometimes such books are actually paying the rent, buying the license for a certain period from distributors, for example, Amazon.com, Chegg and Barnes & Noble Inc.
Rental "Mathematical analysis" on the site Chegg.com six months will cost about $61.
Bracy said that students of literature can often find the best rates, since many classic works are now available to download for free, whereas literature on science and engineering can be very expensive.
No matter what, look around.
Joe Gault, 29, who is going to start Law school at Pepperdine, recommends to use the ISBN number to determine the price of a book, as this ensures that you are looking for exactly the text you need.
Before you make the order online, says Galt, be sure to check whether the book is in stock.
Him this lesson was not easy.
Shipping the books which he purchased, was postponed for four weeks, and, in the end, he paid full price at the University bookstore.
Putin said about the complete ineffectiveness of the development Fund of the Far East
The President of Russia Vladimir Putin zyavil at a meeting on the issues of state support of priority investment projects and territories in the far East that the budget of Fund of development of the Far East, created two years ago, inefficient, Interfax reported.
"15 billion and remained to lie on deposits", - said the President.
During the meeting the head of state instructed to expedite the approval of the list of territories of advanced development in the far East.
He reminded that the draft law needed to create the Tori must be submitted to the Duma this fall.
The Federal Assembly, the President said, until July 1, and approved the list of priority development areas in the far East, and their criteria.
Vladimir Putin also outlined the main tasks for development of the Far East.
Among them, improvement of transport accessibility of the region, the removal of infrastructure constraints - both in the domestic market and for export development.
In addition, you need condiproposals to attract additional investment region, and to form the territory of advanced development, which should be competitive in relation to key business centres of the Asia-Pacific region, stressed the President.
We will remind, earlier it was reported that the territory of advanced development can replace the SEZ.
Why "Guardians of the galaxy" could not save the box office
"The expendables 3" Sylvester Stallone returned less than $30 million of its $90-million budget in the U.S., while "sin City: a Dame worth killing" returned only $12 million from its $70 million budget.
"Home video" with Cameron Diaz brought only $14,6 million in the first weekend, whereas children's movies, such as "How to train your dragon 2" also disappointing revenue.
Article Telegraph film critic Robbie Collin indicates that, when it comes to children's films, perhaps the poor quality of the movies.
Collin called 2014 the worst year in history in terms of children's films and called "How to train your dragon 2" barely "functioning" a continuation of the fantasy.
However, when it comes to movies aimed at an audience a few older, it seems that the problem is not necessarily the quality of the movies.
In July, Entertainment Weekly compared the average CinemaScore ratings and Metacritic each film, released in rent in summer, at least 2000 copies between the celebration of memorial Day in may and 20 July, 2013 and this year.
The results that take into account the opinion of moviegoers and film critics, suggests that the crop of films this year, similar in size to last year's hits.
Some commentators suggest that it may be in the changing audience habits and the growing popularity of streaming Internet services like Netflix.
Director Jon Favreau, who is currently working on upcoming rental in the disney film "the jungle Book" told the Hollywood Reporter website: "I think times are changing."
We must recognize this and not try to chase what it was before.
Unlike the current drop in box office receipts in Hollywood, the income from Netflix streaming service reached $1.2 billion, almost twice last year's figure of $837 million.
Last summer, directed by Steven Spielberg criticized the Studio for the fact that they rely too much on the franchise of comics, and predicted the "collapse" of Hollywood.
In light of the current recession, some commentators argue that in his gloomy predictions was the truth.
Due to the fact that in the summer of 2015 is expected to yield several potential cash hits, including "Avengers: Era of Ultron, "Minions" and "Jurassic Park", and other representatives of the film industry are more optimistic.
The producer of "X-Men Simon Kinberg recently called the fall in box office receipts just "cyclical", telling the Hollywood Reporter: "Next summer will be the hottest summer in history, and nobody will have to worry about it."
Grocery sanctions don't scare the owners with the Caucasian and Central Asian food, but restaurants serving European and Japanese cuisine Russian suppliers is a nightmare.
And overall prefers catering to substitute prohibited imports of products not from Russia, but from Latin America, Israel and China.
"It is better to eat salted cucumber, mozzarella," laments the chef of an Italian restaurant Barlotti Mariano Valerio about the quality of cheeses that providers offer him in return Italian.
Mozzarella and burrata cheese finished in the first restaurant, they have a small shelf life.
Stocks of Parmesan should be enough for another couple of months.
What to do?
Switch to Russian?
In 2005 I was Dorogomilovsky market.
Mariano Valerio makes these eyes that clear: the shocking memories don't release it until now.
Meat there was on the carts just 30 inches from the floor!
Ibid cats!
Rats!
Then I said that for our restaurant we are never going to buy in the Russian markets.
I don't know, maybe now everything has changed.
But the other day I brought a sample of fish from the Far East.
So it turned out to be rotten!
I said that I didn't want to speak with the person who we got in return.
Valerio surprised that many ordinary things for Italy for the Russian manufacturer in wonder.
Several years ago I was forced to buy Russian beef.
In Italy hang meat in the refrigerator for 10 days at a temperature of 1-2 degrees.
It should otvisetsya to become soft, so that the muscles are relaxed.
I have done all that with local beef.
Then I was asked: where do you get that tender meat?
I said that, Russian!
Why nobody does that?
A five minute walk from Barlotti French restaurant "Brasserie Bridge" in the kitchen hangs a stop-list, which lists missing products: French oysters, sea urchin.
The chef of the restaurant "Brasserie Bridge" and the bar "Arrow" Regis Trigell not so pessimistic as Valerio: oysters from France already replaced the oysters from Tunisia, and instead of French cheeses the restaurant will be to buy Swiss.
However, régis becomes more emotional when it comes to Russian suppliers: "cauliflower - 200 rubles!
I ask, "Why, on what basis she is worth so much?"
I reply: "Well, we, too, need to make money".
But this cabbage should not cost more than 80 rubles!
Far Eastern oysters we buy by weight, but they live 15-20 years, can you imagine how much weight their shell?
The price turns out that this superdelegates.
It seems that Russian suppliers is one of the main sources of horror stories for foreign chefs.
The standard story: "the First three months everything was fine, then the quality has plummeted".
The main objections: the Russian suppliers are not able to hold a steady size and quality.
Many European restaurants don't know what will become of them, when will the stocks of cheese
Photo: Alexander Miridonov, Kommersant
Sanctions menu
August 6, President Vladimir Putin signed a decree on the application of certain special economic measures to ensure the safety of Russia that call basically grocery sanctions.
The country banned the import of beef, pork, meat and offal of poultry, meats, fish, shellfish, milk, yogurt, curd, cheese, vegetables, fruit, nuts, sausage, and sugar syrups.
The restaurants started to mess with suppliers: the prices of food rose, you need to urgently seek counterparts from other countries.
Most strongly it will affect expensive restaurants with monocouche France, Italy, Spain, in which the products are supplied directly from the "mother" countries.
The catering had to be reconstructed before.
For example, when in the beginning of 2014, the Rosselkhoznadzor has banned the import of Australian beef, and a year before the American and canadian meat.
In return, the suppliers have established the export of beef from Argentina, Uruguay and New Zealand.
But sanctions for summer 2014 turned out to be much more serious.
However, 20 August, Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev has approved amendments to the presidential decree, which is withdrawn from beneath the ban of fry of Atlantic salmon and trout, lactose-free milk, seed potatoes, sweet corn, peas and onions for planting.
Italian Valerio hopes that penalties can be mitigated.
While part of restaurants exist in conditions of uncertainty.
According to the company "East-West", one of the largest suppliers of HoReCa, the share of imported products in the premium segment was 70%.
"Expensive restaurants will have to change the menu under what local farmers produce and other countries, "said Sergei Mironov, the restaurateur, the owner of the Agency Testconsult".
If the chef is strong, this should not be a problem.
Only we have very few chefs, and to develop a new menu may take two to three months.
Trigell from the restaurant "Brasserie Bridge" ready to have between 10-15% of the dishes, half the menu is to process.
In restaurants with fusion cuisine are already starting to replace meals, such as steak beef - Stroganoff, said Sergei Mironov.
"Cheeses from Europe can replace Russian, Belarusian cheeses, cheeses from Serbia, Argentina, Tunisia, Chile - lists representative of the company "East-West" Oksana Glinchuk.
Cream and dairy products from Europe have analogues in Russia and Belarus.
Chicken from the USA can be replaced with chicken from Russia and Belarus, salmon from Norway - salmon, Steelhead trout from Belarus and Chile.
The lack of fruit and vegetables European production can be compensated at the expense of domestic manufacturers, the proposals from Serbia, Moldova and China.
According to Mironov, network budget restaurants will be easier to adjust than the premium segment: hardly went there gourmets are able to distinguish Italian mozzarella from Russian.
Although it is difficult to have institutions Ginza Project, he said.
At Ginza Project, several dozen restaurants under different brands and with their menu.
The replacement will take a lot of time," says Mironov.
In Ginza declined to comment, citing a lack of owners in the country.
The owners of the cafe Caucasian and Central Asian cuisine emphasize that the products of the former Soviet republics more aromatic European
But there are many restaurants, which sanctions were practically not affected.
These include institutions with kitchenette CIS: Georgian, Uzbek, Armenian and Azerbaijani.
"In Georgian cuisine no expensive products," says Khatuna acting Chairman, owner of the Georgian restaurant Saperavi cafe and "why me!".
All cheeses are doing for us in Russia, the basis of many dishes - chicken, exotic greens we do not use".
In the institutions of Kolbay until removed from the menu any meals.
Timur Lansky, owner of restaurants "Chaikhona No. 1" with Uzbek cuisine, the sanctions also do not confuse: he will have to change only on new Zealand lamb.
If Russia will establish import from Uzbekistan, Azerbaijan and Kazakhstan, we can finally win in price, for us it will be cheaper than importing from Europe, " he says.
CIS can be cheaper to get the sirloin, lamb, tomatoes, cucumbers, fruit.
With that brought from Central Asia, much better than "plastic" from Italy, Spain and Turkey.
About Uzbek tomatoes all know that they are delicious, sweet.
About the Spanish no one says that.
After the imposition of sanctions, the representative of MAWR Olimbos Artykov said it plans to increase exports of fruit and vegetable products to Russia by half by 2016.
Of its intention to substitute European imports in Russia almost immediately after the introduction of sanctions, said Belarus and Kazakhstan.
The fast food restaurants that responded to the inquiry of "Money", is also quite easy to respond to sanctions.
The press service of McDonald's stated that the localization exceeds 85% and the network is working with 160 Russian suppliers.
According to Tatyana Bogdanova, head of Department on work with suppliers Subway Russia, about 80% of the network buys products in Russia, though there may be temporary difficulties with the supply of vegetables and higher prices for meat products, which are produced from imported raw materials.
In "the Mansion" and "sanctions products" generally took no more than 4%.
Not affected by sanctions and a noodle bar "Vokker".
KFC, Burger King and "little Potato" on request "Money" is not the answer, however, other market participants argue that the degree of localization Burger King is substantially less than that of McDonald's.
In the absence of Norwegian fish restaurateurs ready to buy Chilean rather than the Russian far East
On the pink salmon
Meanwhile, restaurateurs complain that because of the increased demand, prices are rising even on local products.
"Products for the "Rake" the prices have grown on average by 10-15%, for an Italian restaurant "cherry Mio" - twice," says the restaurateur Roman rozhnikovsky.
Even in Georgian restaurants the cost of food will increase by 5-10%, admits acting Chairman.
"East-West" does not deny it: "for Example, the Belarusian dairy products since the beginning of August rose by 10-15%".
"Brazilian suppliers have increased pork prices nearly doubled," says Sergei RAK, Deputy General Director of "Stardogs".
Chicken legs have risen by 35%.
Expect prices from China, maybe they will cool the hot Brazilian head.
In the near future in "Stardogs" will be planned to increase prices by 8%.
Now and so very undesirable to raise prices, " says Cancer.
According to statistics, the revenue growth of catering for the second quarter of 2014 - just 1.8%.
It is the smallest figure since 2010.
Retail prices continue to rise, he admits, but it is unclear how quickly: while most restaurateurs are stocked with food for the next two months, hoping to ride out the fluctuations in purchase prices.
But that will be after two months, nobody knows.
On the square before the city hall of Moscow worth a dozen tents, decorated with greenery and wood.
In the center of the stage, the musicians play a waltz.
This is a festival of regional products with a funny name "the time to Eat".
"We all have been waiting to do a celebration of local food, and just sanctions, we rushed, organized the festival," says one of the organizers.
Behind the scenes with the musicians, a Greek cook Anastas prepares macaroni salad and homemade candy, the other day was a master class in cooking soup with caramelized apples.
All of Russian products, the organizers say.
In tents - exhibition of achievements of the Russian national economy.
Honey from Bashkortostan, venison from Salekhard, vegetables from suburban Farm named after Lenin", the cheeses from the Russified Italian Jay close.
"Salmon for restaurants you can safely replace it with another fish of salmon species from the Far East," says the owner of the fish shop "Their people" Philipp Galkin.
We catch red salmon, chum salmon, coho salmon, pink salmon, Chinook "king salmon".
Yes, they are not as fatty as Norwegian salmon, because it is a wild fish.
Norwegian salmon is farmed.
His hold - he's not even moving.
And our far Eastern salmon you in my hands won't hold.
Only institutions without special claims agrees to replace Italian mozzarella domestic
The showcase tent lay the prawns with tag "Magadan", cod, whitefish, whitefish, mussels with Crimea, scallops from the Far East.
Galkin'm sure it's time to move the fish from the Far East.
According to statistics, the catch of fish in Russia in 2013 - more than 4 million tons, a significant part of the fish goes to Japan, Korea and even in the US.
Fish imports in 2013 - about 800 thousand tons.
Shop "Their people" has been running since 2012, sells the fish through the online store, before the imposition of sanctions was served one and a half dozen restaurants, such as "Simple things".
Now to Galkin received applications from 15 restaurants.
The same sushi is quite possible to do of our fish - he gets upset.
We bother, tried different recipes.
Now sushi sell through the online store a million rubles a month.
Our fish is cheaper and delivery is a maximum of 15 rubles per kilogram.
In confirmation in the tent Galkina me, the food portion of "Philadelphia" with Ketai.
Unlike rolls with salmon these take longer to chew, but the consciousness that this fish is our national strength.
On the website of the shop "Their people" there are even rolls of halibut and sea bass.
In sushi bars, however, replace Norwegian salmon prefer Chilean.
Galkin explains that the cooks are too lazy to come up with new recipes with far Eastern fish.
"Russian fish suppliers we have not offered", - gives his explanation owner Killfish Bar Dmitry Evseev.
Approximately the same situation with other products: the Russian manufacturers could occupy the niche, but this is not happening.
According to the founder and co-owner of the project LavkaLavka Boris Akimov, now you can talk more about the replacement of imports from Europe and America import from China, Israel and Latin America.
There are large multinational corporations that have a powerful logistics and large volumes.
They are able to quickly substitute prohibited imports unlike our farmers.
That is, the ban will benefit primarily large manufacturers of other countries," says Akimov.
However, in the last month the restaurant industry and more alarming than grocery sanctions.
According to the results of mass unscheduled inspections of Rospotrebnadzor was temporarily suspended the activities of three companies McDonald's in Moscow and two regional companies in Stavropol and Yekaterinburg.
"We are studying the essence of the claim to determine action necessary for the prompt opening of restaurants for visitors," said "Money" in the press service of McDonald's.
Actually nobody understands what will happen next.
If all limited to grocery sanctions, this is one option that you can survive, says on condition of anonymity, an employee of a company specializing in restaurant consulting.
If we begin to close the McDonald's across the country, the scenario is quite different.
"European accident report" instead of help traffic police
Payments on the hull can be obtained without the help of traffic police - the Central Bank intends to stimulate the introduction in Russia of "European accident report".
The Bank of Russia has developed draft guidance, according to which from 1 September this year to receive payments on the hull of the insured motorist will be able to do without the help of traffic police.
It, however, is only for those cases where the accident was issued by the "European accident report" without the participation of the traffic police.
That is, if the accident involved only two cars, not physically affected persons, the damage does not exceed the limit and both drivers agreed on the issue of who is the perpetrator of the accident.
2 August the payout limit on the "European accident report" is 50 thousand rubles., and from 1 October in Moscow, St. Petersburg and in Moscow and Leningrad regions it will be increased to 400 thousand rubles.
The point is that often even with minor damage, in a situation where an accident can be issued by the "European accident report", drivers involved in accidents, cause DPS.
Because in the presence of the insurance policy to obtain compensation without the help of traffic police.
The parameters spelled out in the draft guidelines are intended to eliminate this obstacle to the introduction of the "European accident report" in Russia.
According to them, the maximum payment on the hull in connection with the accident, issued without the police, should not be lower than the limit on the "European accident report".
But it cannot be higher than the limit specified in the insurance contract..
The idea is certainly useful and theoretically able to unload as traffic police and roads.
But, most of all, she can not be happy about neither motorists nor the insurers.
The latter have already spoken about the serious threat of the growth of fraud, which may result in the introduction of new rules of payments on the hull.
As for drivers, it is hard to imagine what work will be done to overcome the native Russian conservatism.
The driver in most cases will spend hours to wait for the inspector to make minor accident, because it's safer.
And it is not clear that it would be easier to defeat scammers or to convince drivers of the reliability of the "European accident report".
Savings certificate registered and will make an irrevocable
The Finance Ministry wants to ban savings certificates to bearer, but allowed the banks to make them analogous to an irrevocable contribution.
The Finance Ministry is preparing a bill that would prohibit savings certificates to bearer.
In recent times, this tool is gaining popularity because the stakes are higher than on Bank deposits.
The fact that savings bearer certificates are not included in the Deposit insurance system and the Bank they are cheaper because you do not have to make contributions to the Fund of the Agency for Deposit insurance (DIA).
The piquancy of the situation is that this step would be taken by small and medium-sized banks that are distributing certificates, and will suffer from him Sberbank and Bank of Moscow, which, according to the DIA, control 98% of the relevant market.
Moreover, the share of Bank of Moscow, according to the calculations of the Agency, is about 3.5%.
The problem, explain to the DIA, is that a small Bank customers who purchased such certificate, in the case of revocation of his license trying to get money in DIA.
Some investors do not have sufficient financial literacy and buying savings certificates in bearer form, may assume that their investments are insured.
A justified absence of insurance payments on those certificates in the event of revocation of the license of the Bank may lead to misunderstanding and social tensions.
In practice, agencies have been cases where the holders of bearer certificates were trying to collect insurance compensation through the courts," said DIA.
The problem, of course, far-fetched.
After all, to pay to the buyers the certificates still no one will because they legally have no right to compensation from the state.
If it was the fact that the instrument is not insured in the DIA, along with him and would ban metal accounts, which means the citizens are counted in grams of one of four metals - gold, silver, platinum and palladium.
Because these accounts are also not included in the Deposit insurance system, however, their existence is still anybody attempts.
The reason is most likely that bearer certificates are very convenient valuable paper, which actually can act as quasi-money.
Means that they are virtually impossible to control: any client of the Bank can buy a certificate, transfer to any citizen, and to withdraw such a certificate may change many owners.
Not accidentally, the bill stipulates that the savings certificate must be a registered security, which should be kept in the Depository.
And to sweeten the pot banks, such certificates are allowed to produce without the right of early repayment.
That is, input is the analog of the irrevocable contribution, which bankers have been dreaming.
NATO summit: the First protests in Nieporte and Cardiff
Over the weekend there have been protests of those who opposed the NATO summit in Newport.
On Saturday, hundreds gathered in the centre of Newport in March against NATO.
And on Sunday in Cardiff, about 150 people gathered at the town hall, Cardiff, on what was described as antisemit.
Stephen Farlow watched out for us at events throughout the weekend and talked to the protesters, who came from everywhere: from Bridgend to Belgium.
Germany will send to Iraq 30 anti-tank systems
Germany to supply weapons to Iraq to counter militants from the terrorist group "Islamic state", reports August 31, ITAR-TASS with reference to the decision adopted following the meeting of representatives of the German government led by Chancellor Angela Merkel.
Reportedly, Germany will send to Iraq 30 man-portable antitank missile systems Milan and 500 shells for them, as well as 8 thousand assault rifles G3 and G36.
Deliveries will begin before the end of September.
In addition, the decision to allocate to Iraq for another 50 million euros for humanitarian aid.
September 1, Mrs. Merkel speaking in the Bundestag with the government's statement on this subject.
Still, Germany did not put their weapons in "hot spots".
The opinions of people in Germany about sending the Iraqis weapons are divided.
Some believe that the only way to stop fighters from the "Islamic state", others fear that these weapons might end up falling into the hands of terrorists.
The militia shot down a Ukrainian patrol boat in the Azov sea
Donetsk militia knocked Ukrainian patrol boat in the Azov sea, according to the August 31, ITAR-TASS reported.
According to available data, this happened in the Taganrog Bay near settlements Shirokino and Nameless (10-20 km to the East of Mariupol).
A number of Ukrainian media reported about the shelling of two coast guard vessels.
It is clarified that the incident occurred today at about 16:20 GMT.
The teenagers were taken by helicopter from the Blue mountains
TWO teenagers-bushwacker were taken by helicopter to a safe place after he spent the night stuck in the Blue mountains of New South Wales.
16-year-old girl and 18-year-old young man went on a hike shortly after noon Sunday in Govetts Leap in Blackheath.
Concerned relatives called police about 8 p.m., when they returned home.
Was sent a search party, which included local police and rescue squad, and found a couple around 11 PM near the waterfall Both Vale.
The girl hurt her knee, and the young man fell and hit his head.
Officers stayed with the couple for the night and take them up on the winch on Monday morning.
They were taken by ambulance in stable condition at the hospital of the blue mountains.
Met two Union
The high-level talks in Minsk has not solved the problem for which it was convened, but has created a new format: the first person of European Union met with the chief executives of the future Eurasian
Albeit in case of emergency (situation around Ukraine does not tolerate delay), the leaders of the EU and the Customs Union for the first time discussed a number of "hot problems".
Whether this structure to work effectively, it is not clear; but it is clear who got the cream with this summit.
Questions on this score fell in the evening of 26 August, when the Belarusians, followed by other Eurasians with the Europeans saw in the news the new President Lukashenko.
The Belarusian leader has set an example refined courtesy, it was human behavior that has just hit the Jack-pot and dignified old age plans in high society.
As Maidan Lukashenko helped
The arrival in Minsk of three major European commissioners (of EU Ministers), who met with Lukashenka and allowed him to perform at the final briefing on their behalf - not just the legitimacy of the President with 20 years of experience.
This is the application for recognition of Minsk full subject of European politics and a major mediator of the Ukrainian crisis.
Senior analyst at the Belarusian Institute for strategic studies Dzianis Melyantsou sure: from now on, Brussels will not be able to speak with Minsk in the same tone as before.
"The fact that Catherine Ashton met tete-a-tete with Lukashenko, suggests that relations with the EU will be released in the future," he said "the Spark".
This iceberg has hidden part: preparing for the breakthrough of the Belarusian authorities began long before November's Maidan in Kiev in the summer of 2013.
"The results were achieved and with the EU is successful negotiations for visa facilitation and readmission, the dialogue on modernisation - lists the source "Light," and with the United States have held talks on international security.
States even removed some sanctions.
As for the Ukrainian events, they themselves and the response of the leadership of Belarus only whipped up this process.
Minsk, on the one hand, managed to keep the relationship with Ukraine is quite warm, so not much to lose in mutual trade, and President Poroshenko could come to Belarus for talks.
Other Belarusian leader, who de jure did not recognize the annexation of Crimea to Russia and called for the punishment of Pro-Russian militias in the Donbass with severity, never had a fight with Moscow.
Minsk and not from the Customs Union or from the CSTO, and in Baranavichy hosts a Russian airbase.
Brussels and Washington have noticed balanced position of Minsk on the Ukrainian question - and praised her, sure, Belarusian experts.
How successful will the movement Lukashenko to political diversification, will be evident by the fact that often in the near future Minsk will have to take meetings in EU+CU.
The press service of the EU high representative for foreign policy and diplomacy, Catherine Ashton are unable to respond promptly to the questions about what Brussels expects from the relationship in a new format.
Ashton spokesman maja Kocijancic only said "Light" on the backdrop of the decision of questions of war and peace, this topic is not a priority.
While there have been reports that the next place of meeting on the Ukrainian question with the participation of top officials in the new format can be and Kazakhstan.
A drop of tar for Minsk was the statement of President Nursultan Nazarbayev, in which he admitted that about him, it turns out, personally asked the representatives of the European Union.
However, at the final briefing Alexander Lukashenko made it clear: all parties do not object to the Minsk remained the main venue for meetings in the format of Russia-OSCE-Ukraine, and at the level of heads of state and high representatives of the European Commission.
This means that the "last dictator of Europe" acquired the status of quite rukopechatnogo European leader who helps to solve the global problem.
Best friend European farmer
The composition of the EU delegation, which included the commissioners for trade and energy, pushed to the conclusion that the main underlying reason for the summit is not the tragic situation in the Donbas, and the economy.
Really composed on the meeting schedule of future talks on gas supplies and to overcome the fears of the countries of the customs Union on the Association agreement between Ukraine and the EU looks by achieving more ambitious than peace Declaration without specific dates and numbers.
Commissioner for trade Karl De Gucht, however, said the EU "has arrived in Minsk to find a solution to the political crisis that has economic consequences, and not Vice versa."
It seems, however, that in the economy and the crisis in Ukraine is Belarus.
Its consequences - first and foremost, mutual sanctions of the West and Russia - give Minsk, which, while itself experiencing sanctions pressure, the long-awaited room to maneuver.
According to the head of the Scientific research Mises center, the former candidate in presidents of Belarus Yaroslav Romanchuk, European investors are actively interested in the possibilities of Belarus for the supply of agricultural products in Russia to bypass sanctions.
Put forward the supply chain, for which Vladimir Putin at the summit chided Minsk.
"The initiators of these schemes, said Romanchuk "Sparks", - are not Belarusian businessmen and Russian companies.
They have long worked through the scheme of deliveries of the goods, including from Poland, Germany, Lithuania, and today these schemes destroyed.
Russian business urgently needs to do something to recover them, even through the mediation of the Belarusian structures.
The second story, - the expert continues, is related to the fact that many Ukrainian companies are not averse to manufacture in Belarus from Ukrainian raw materials is also focused on the Russian market.
Ukrainian producers about $ 4 billion in exports to Russia and Belarus production and trade schemes can now be very popular."
According to Romanchuk, the role of the host platform for talks between the EU and the perfect vehicle for Lukashenka and from the point of view of development of economic ties with Europe.
He recalled that the losses of the agricultural sector from the EU sanctions, Moscow is estimated at 5-10 billion euros, while the European Commission is currently offered to farmers only 125 million euros compensation.
The Belarusian President may propose Brussels to work together to minimize the impact to euroterminal.
This may raise the credibility of Lukashenka in the EU to unprecedented heights.
Hospitality without the initiative
Catherine Ashton thanked the Belarusian government for the initiative to hold the summit.
But the paradox is that the official Minsk from its active role in the birth of the format of the CU+EU denies, and the Belarusian leader met with his Ukrainian counterpart emphasized that the initiator of the new format and all became Kiev.
"It was your suggestion to gather, without any pressure to discuss, with the drop of a hat to decide, after the signing of the Association Agreement with the EU, to understand the situation, which at that time was developed in Ukraine", - he said in front of cameras to Petro Poroshenko.
However, observers have interpreted this as an attempt to appease Moscow, it is rumored, was initially against the mediation of Minsk, which greatly increases its political clout.
In Belarusian diplomatic diligently emphasize that Belarus in the organization of interaction between the EU and CU on their land does not pursue selfish goals, and the ultimate goal of this format is the future establishment of a common economic space from Lisbon to Vladivostok.
"It is absolutely in the spirit of those concepts that in other fields, in particular in the field of security, advances and promotes the leadership of our strategic ally - the Russian Federation", - has told "to the Spark" in the foreign Ministry of Belarus, the Agency, which recently choose my words carefully.
In Moscow can receive the zone with paid entry
The Moscow government is considering the introduction of zones with paid entry as a method of struggle against Central congestion of roads by analogy to other major cities of the world, reports My with reference to the Deputy mayor for transport Maxim Liksutov.
One option that has proven successful is the entry fee.
This expert opinion, we'll just have to see, look at all the pros and cons.
To say that on this occasion you adopt any decisions too early," - said Liksutov.
The Deputy mayor stressed that authorities of the capital is a very important experience of Asian cities on the structure and the workload is similar to Moscow.
One of the solutions taken from these countries, is already-implemented the construction of the Central ring road, said Liksutov.
Recently started the construction of the Central ring road is an example of what not necessarily all traffic to pass through Moscow.
If there was sufficient infrastructure detour, we didn't need to have transit traffic in Moscow", - said the Deputy mayor.
Also Maxim Liksutov said that the introduction of paid Parking has significantly unloaded the streets of the capital.
And, according to him, the city authorities do not plan to stop there.
We will remind, on August 26, Moscow mayor Sergei Sobyanin took part in the groundbreaking ceremony of the construction of the first starting complex of the Moscow Central ring road (CRR).
Boredom sinful
A film by Frank Miller and Robert Rodriguez's "sin City-2: a Woman is worth killing" did not the revolution, which from him was to be expected.
The first "sin City" (2005), filmed at a minimum, but symbolic, the participation of Quentin Tarantino, a revolution in the relationship between cinema, comics and literary Noir.
The sequel's also revolutionary in the sense that it destroys fundamental to modern thinking the "thesis - antithesis - synthesis" (understood as the thesis that the universe of film Noir, and under the antithesis of a space of comics).
From now on, it should read: "thesis - antithesis - chaos".
"Sin city 2" is chaotic and dramatic, and at the philosophical level, both times he's chaotic in a bad way.
Yes, some of the familiar characters on the first "Town", although, here, thug Marv (Mickey Rourke), I remember, ended the life in the electric chair, but here, nothing, and only have time to grab - as sort of the people's Druzhina from the air knives and other axes with udevgame.
But old people are literally pushes the elbows beginners, like an intruder in the city from some other film, about the meaning and story which the audience are asked not to worry.
So, its history, shamelessly ripped off by the authors on a very interesting place, superudachlivym player johnny (Joseph Gordon-Levitt).
Its - Horny-frigid eve Lord (Eva green) and for something vengeful to her Dwight (Josh Brolin).
But this confusion, in which Dwight, say, in the face indistinguishable from johnny - especially that of the face and other body parts, characters, demolished with relentless regularity, is not a problem and not even half the problem.
It's not the people, we understand that the archetypes of film Noir: the fatal knot, too confident player caught in "honey trap" sex detective, corrupt ghoul-Senator.
Well, when the archetype he waltzes with the archetype and the archetype of chases, then it is not a movie, but read that abstract painting.
And ask abstract painting questions about the logic of the plot is just ridiculous.
Besides, even in this chaotic world there is something permanent.
Fighting the whores of the first "Cities" still keep a perimeter defense against besieging their home in the slums of the forces of darkness.
And the specter of detective Hartigan no-no, and look at the light, and Bruce Willis is always a pleasure to look at.
The main problem of "sin City-2" is different.
Frank Miller was good because as the artist skillfully combined the comic and Noir, and as a Director - turned the idea on how to transfer comics to the screen.
Comics Noir and two aggressive opposite of "reality".
The comic phenomenon in its modern form was born in the late 1920-ies, when the novels of Dashiell Hammett Hammett "Bloody harvest" (1929), the Maltese Falcon (1930) and "the Glass key" (1931) established the Canon of film Noir, then called hard-boiled school is a "cool school."
Well, or pulp fiction.
Comics gave the Hollywood many dozens of characters from the sailor Popeye the spinach eater, giving him the heroic power, Superman, Batman and the real sleuth dick Tracy to Hulk, Thor, spider-Man and other "Avengers".
But in any movie based on a comic book was something flawed: cartoon characters stubbornly refuse to grow into on-screen flesh, spider beetles remained in the Willy-nilly "real" world.
Simply put, they were completely devoid of "existence".
Noir, on the other hand, the existential genre of world literature.
After world wars traditional novel with feelings, personalities, family scandals, and historical background - it had lost all credibility.
Any foresights on what Thibaut and Rohon-Makkari what Bolkonsky and even Rostova generally a few occasions after Verdun, Auschwitz and Hiroshima?
This novel peacefully mutated into a soap Opera format, and criminal - that is by definition marginal - Roman rose to the level of philosophical prose.
Hammett the hard learned what working as a nurse at the front.
He was a Communist.
As, incidentally, were at least close to the Communist party and such pillars of the genre, as writers Horace McCoy, Jim Thompson, Directors Jules Dassin, Joseph losey, Edward Dmytryk.
So Noir, the archetype of which they asked, first, rude and cynical, and secondly - purely social.
It's almost the American version of socialist realism.
The first "sin City" was wonderful to have that as unnatural, but blends the comic with Noir.
The first on-screen comic book came to life, did not hesitate to its graphic nature, and not pretending to be "real" movie.
The darkness of a corrupt world, where the cardinal ordered the murder, and the Senator covered a monstrous son of a sadistic, was well worthy of the pen of Hammett.
And picturesque details like severed heads, which the sadist decorated their nest, the pen of the genius of James Ellroy, the author of "Black orchids" and the best - that is, declarative sickening and representative of neonoir.
"Sin city-2" is at the retreat and capitulation radical stylistics Miller--Rodriguez before the tradition of comics.
Probably this was largely due to the 3D technology.
When you look at the second "sin City", you feel enclosed in a glass ball, inside which the snow is falling asleep toy cloaca.
However, most often it is not snowing, and the bloody bits and pieces, but by and large what's the difference?
Well, about the sociality and say nothing.
After all, it is only possible when somewhere, somewhere we sometimes, albeit on a very muddy swamp, but there is a normal world, where you can return who had gone on the wrong path girl, say, or to tell grieving parents that her Slayer punished.
When in sin city is no room for anything but sin, and sin no not a sin, but the norm.
Boring as any rule.
Chaos "sin City 2" is just boring.
In fairness domestic car made it fresh small sin, but spice.
Credits caution: the film contains scenes of harmful Smoking.
In relation to the spectacle, the vegetarian episode where the man with the tongs break the fingers, it gives a hell of humour.
The Hammett would have liked.
The socialists of France should "shut up and lead France in order", says a key ally Francois Hollande
Mr. Valle urged a deeply divided left-wing forces "to demonstrate warm attitude" to the harassed President-socialist, whose permutations did not find the approval of the overwhelming majority of the French.
The President deserves respect, and he deserves our loyalty, he deserves our support.
"It is our duty to stay with him," he said, drawing applause.
As a gesture of reconciliation, the Prime Minister assured that his government will not put into question the controversial 35-hour working week in France, despite inciting the conflict of the proposal, it should ease rules that made Emmanuel Makron, the new Minister of the economy, earlier this week.
On Saturday, Mr Hollande pleaded with his comrades in the Socialist party to remain "unified" with the government.
However, Christian Tobira, Minister usatii, put a spoke in the wheel, arriving at the dissenting meeting of the members of Parliament from the Socialist party and criticized the Socialist party for the fact that she helped the French to "lose faith in the future".
Marine Le Pyo, the leader of the extreme right National front, expressed contempt for the constant internal conflicts among the socialists, saying that she has no idea what the new government Valle will last longer than a few months.
Francois Hollande - Nude, but naked and Prince Manuel Valle, who was forced to assemble a new government, when the former did not last the summer.
"And too new and not last autumn or winter", told reporters MS Le Pen.
She reiterated the call of his party to the dissolution of Parliament, saying that it was confident that the party can easily win in early elections and was ready to manage.
The ruling party of France survived the defeat of the March municipal elections, far-right national front came first in the EU elections in may.
Survey Sunday's Journal du Dimanche found that 76 percent of the French believe that the socialist party may break up into several rival factions to end presidential term of Mr Hollande in 2017.
Pascal Perrino, a political scientist from the University Sians, warned that the French will quickly lose patience if the new socialist government will not be able to fix the economy and record unemployment.
"He has little time, but public opinion should quickly feel that something is changing," he warned.
Otherwise, the situation may become worse.
"City without drugs" was left without a claim
Sverdlovsk arbitration court has left without consideration the claim of the administrative regional Directorate of the Ministry for state property management to the Fund "City without drugs".
The Agency had intended to collect more than 7 million rubles as payment for the rent of the building in the center of Yekaterinburg.
However, the plaintiff twice failed to appear in court.
Today arbitration court of Sverdlovsk region has left without consideration the claim of the Executive Directorate of the Ministry for state property management of the region (MUGISHA) to the Fund "City without drugs" (one of the founders of the mayor of Yekaterinburg Yevgeny Roizman).
Representatives of the regional authorities intend to collect from the organization of 7.3 million rubles as payment for the rent of the building.
Today it became known that the plaintiff twice failed to appear in court, and for that reason it was decided not to review.
The reason for the lack of representatives in the Directorate of MUGISA to explain are unable, head of the legal Department Maxim Titov did not respond to phone calls.
With representatives of the Fund also failed to communicate.
Recall, we are talking about the mansion that has served the Fund in the city center on the street Belinsky, 19 on a Pro Bono basis since 2011.
This decision was taken by the ex-Governor Alexander Misharin.
In November 2012, the administrative Directorate of the Ministry for management of state property of Sverdlovsk area has filed a lawsuit in Sverdlovsk arbitration court eviction from the building Fund.
According to the lawsuit, the Agency demanded the court to declare null and void the contract of uncompensated use of the mansion is the monument.
According to the Directorate of MUGISA, the agreement had not been recorded material terms of the rental object of cultural heritage.
Sverdlovsk arbitration court rejected the claim, then filed an appeal in the 17th arbitration court of the Perm, which was granted.
Then, in the same court, the Foundation filed a cassation appeal against this decision, which remained without satisfaction, after which the decision was appealed by the Fund in the Supreme arbitration court, but the court sided with the Directorate.
In 2013, signed the new lease agreement, under which the Fund began to pay rent, about it told the head of the city Yevgeny Roizman.
The rent was appointed to 300 thousand rbl. a month.
The previous administration gave us this building for free use, recognizing our achievements in the fight against drugs, as a sign of respect to the Fund.
The current administration decided differently," he said.
Tatiana Dragieva, Yekaterinburg
Why the mayor of Ekaterinburg offered to leave voluntarily
on 24 July, the Deputy Gordumy Ekaterinburg United Russia party, Alexander Kosintsev invited the mayor of the city - the speaker Gordumy Evgenie Roizman to resign.
The charges stemmed from a criminal case against the arrested person on suspicion in murder of the pensioner to the Deputy Gordumy Oleg Cineva, considered a close associate of the mayor.
As Eugene Roizman found criminal case
on 1 July it became known about excitation of criminal case on the fact of "slander" (article 128.1 of the criminal code) in the blog of the mayor of Yekaterinburg Yevgeny Roizman.
About it reported in GU MVD in the Sverdlovsk region, where addressed with the corresponding statement the General Director of the legal centre "Protection"" Anna Filatova.
According to her, Mr. Roizman accused her of her blog posts that she was involved in the crimes allegedly committed by her former husband.
The mayor of Ekaterinburg is convinced that "this is another attempt to avenge the truth."
iPhone will turn into wallet
In anticipation of the September 9, when Apple is expected to present its new developments, in the press there are new leaks about what to expect from the presentation.
With reference to the sources of American media reported that the sixth generation iPhone will be equipped with the function of the mobile wallet as a result of a joint project of Apple and payment systems Visa, MasterCard and American Express.
According to Bloomberg and specialized Internet resource Re/code, at the presentation of new products on September 9 Apple among others may announce a joint project with Visa, MasterCard and American Express, bringing in the new smartphone iPhone 6 will be available to feature mobile wallet.
The companies disclaim any comments about it.
This function allows you to make payment on the cash shop using a smartphone.
Identification of the payment will be carried out by the user according to the fingerprint using Touch ID.
It is reported that the iPhone will be first integrated NFC (near field communication) that allows you to make contactless payments using a smartphone and a corresponding reader at the checkout.
The NFC technology will be available thanks to a special microprocessor from Dutch high-tech company NXP (formerly Philips Semiconductors).
For the first time the NFC function was presented in 2004 in cooperation of companies Sony, Nokia, Philips Semiconductors and more than hundred other companies included in the so-called NFC Forum - an Association for the promotion of this technology.
The first NFC phone was released by Nokia in 2006.
The first Android smartphone with NFC - Samsung Nexus S - was introduced in 2010.
In may 2011, Google introduced Google Wallet, which allows users to link a credit card to your Google account and make payments using a smartphone on Android.
However, American experts stress that, despite large investments of high-tech companies in the promotion of NFC technology, American retailers are still wary of innovation and not too willing to spend money on their equipment shops such systems.
So now observers hope that the release of Apple into this market still will force retailers to accelerate and actively introduce this technology in their retail outlets.
The French foreign Ministry: the position of Paris on the supply to Russia "Mistral" is not changed
The official representative of the foreign Ministry of France Romain Nadal said constant position of Paris relating to the delivery of Russia's helicopter carrier type "Mistral".
"I can recall the statement of the President (Francois Hollande), which he made in an interview with the newspaper Le Monde dated 20 August: "Today, the level of sanctions does not preclude the supply.
The decision of the Europeans, not France"," quoted Mr. Nadal "RIA Novosti".
So the representative of the French foreign Ministry responded to a question about whether or not will affect whether the deterioration of the situation in Ukraine on the change in the position of Paris on the implementation of this contract
More information about the delivery of helicopter carrier to Russia read in the material of the magazine "Ogonek" ""Mistral" almost out".
The national security Council of Ukraine: for the past day in the zone of military operation killed seven soldiers
The representative of the Council of national security and defense of Ukraine Andriy Lysenko said that for the past day in the zone of hostilities in the East of the country killed seven Ukrainian soldiers and 25 were wounded.
The situation under the transfer extremely difficult.
Until then, until it completes the operation for the withdrawal of troops from the encirclement, the details will not be made public.
Upon completion of the operation will be published data on the losses and the reasons for the situation.
The perpetrators of this occurs, you will be held responsible," added Mr Lysenko, refusing to discuss in more detail the situation under Ilovaisk, where several Ukrainian battalions were surrounded.
According to the representative of the NSDC, "every effort is made to returning servicemen who are in captivity," ITAR-TASS reported.
Mr Lysenko also noted that the Ukrainian military departed from the airport of Lugansk in the direction of the village of Georgievka.
Read more about the situation in Eastern Ukraine read in the material "Kommersant" "Arsen Avakov: the first Ukrainian military out of the environment under Ilovaisk".
Norwegian Cruise nears $3 billion deal with Prestige Cruises
Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd NCHL.O, the third largest cruise operator in the world, is in the final stages of negotiations to acquire a similar company Prestige Cruises International Inc for around $3 billion, according to people familiar with the situation.
The deal would provide Norwegian Cruise, a company with a market stoimstyu $6.8 billion, access to cruise ships of a class "Lux" and provided customers Prestige Cruises, as it competes with bigger rivals Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd (RCL.N) and Carnival Corp (CCL.N).
The agreement may be announced as early as this week, sources said on Sunday, warning that the negotiations could still fall through.
The owner of Prestige Cruises, private equity firm Apollo Global Management LLC (APO.N), also owns a 20 percent stake in Norwegian Cruise.
The sources requested anonymity because the talks are not public.
Representatives of the Norwegian Cruise and Prestige Cruises did not respond to requests to comment, while a representative of Apollo declined to comment.
Norwegian Cruise based in Miami, operates 13 cruise ships on routes covering North America, the Mediterranean, the Baltic sea, Central America and the Caribbean.
It had revenue of $2.57 billion in 2013, 13% more than in 2012.
Prestige Cruises, also based in Miami, operates under the brands of Oceania and Regent, who together own eight cruise ships that go to Scandinavia, Russia, the Mediterranean, North America, Asia, Africa and South America.
It announced revenues of $1.2 billion in 2013, 6 percent higher than a year earlier.
It is expected that the $29-billion cruise industry will benefit in subsequent years, the growth of the middle class in emerging economies such as China and India.
Companies race to strive to position itself as a cruise ship operators prefer these new customers.
Prestige Cruises was registered with regulatory authorities in the U.S. for an initial public offering of shares in January 2014.
Apollo became a major shareholder after a $850 million deal in 2007.
Norwegian Cruise was created in the form as it exists now, in 2000 by the merger of cruise operator, owned by Genting Bhd (GENT.KL), entertainment conglomerate and casino, controlled by Malaysian billionaire lim Kok Tay.
Apollo invested $1 billion in Norwegian Cruise in 2008.
Norwegian Cruise turned into a public company in January 2013.
Genting owned a market share of 28 percent, Apollo's ownership interest in 20 per cent, and private equity firm TPG Capital LP ownership interest at 8 per cent in the company, as of the end of June, according to reports.
Carnival, Royal Caribbean Cruises and Norwegian Cruise together constitute 82% of the cruise passenger traffic in North America, according to registration documents at the first public offering of shares of Prestige Cruises.
Broadcasting company "Crimea" can get 250 million roubles
The Ministry propose to allocate state broadcasting company "Crimea" RUB 250 million in 2014.
As follows from the draft decree of the Ministry of communications published on a single portal of information disclosure on the preparation of regulations, subsidies will be spent on the costs of creating the conditions for large-scale media coverage of the socio-economic situation and development of modern information space on the territory of the Republic of Crimea".
Also the money will go to buy equipment, roof repairs and energy systems in the building TV and radio company, founded in 1959, reports "RIA Novosti".
Activists of the democratic movement of Hong Kong disrupted statement of the Chinese representative on the next day after the decision on the election
A group of citizens loyal to Beijing, stood nearby waving the Chinese flag.
The standing Committee of the national people's Congress on Sunday identified the process by which only two or three candidates will be allowed to participate in elections of the head of Hong Kong in 2017.
All candidates must first obtain majority support of the members of the Committee to nominate, which will probably be filled with Beijing loyalists.
The decision makes it almost impossible for the democratic opposition to get on the ballot and forced democracy activists once again to promise to stop financial center of Hong Kong protests "Occupy Central".
Political reform is the main source of tension in Hong Kong, as the Chinese party leaders are afraid that the call for democracy will spread to other cities.
Following the publication of the Beijing document describing the control of China over Hong Kong, in June, Pro-democracy activists held an unofficial referendum on elections in the special administrative region, and hundreds of thousands took to the business centre and staged a sit-down strike.
Briefing Whether organized by the Hong Kong government and the Chinese liaison Office in Hong Kong.
Vice-Chairman of the standing Committee of the national people's Congress Zhang, Rongchun and Deputy Director of the Office for Hong Kong and Macau of the State Council of Feng Wei also had to speak at a series of briefings throughout the day.
Student activists said they will gather in front of the head of the government of Hong Kong in the second half of the day.
Britain did not mention democracy for Hong Kong until the last days of 150 years of colonial rule.
The Israeli authorities intend to attach 400 hectares of land belonging to the Palestinian authority
The Israeli authorities announced their intention to join the 400 hectares of land on the West Bank of the Jordan river, owned by the Palestinian authority.
As transfers Bi-bi-si", the decision to join the land of the South Bethlehem due to the desire to repay the kidnapping and murder of three Israeli teenagers in June this year.
On seizure of the Ministry of defense of Israel said Sunday and instructed the military to establish administrative control of the West Bank.
According to the representative of the Gaza Strip Saeb Arikat, the world community must hold Israel accountable for "continued settlement activity in the West Bank and East Jerusalem".
Putin demands Kiev to start talks on "statehood" in Eastern Ukraine
According to Russian news reports about his remarks, Russian President Vladimir Putin demanded on Sunday that the Ukrainian government has stopped the fighting with the separatists in the East of Ukraine and immediately start negotiations on the "statehood" of the breakaway region.
His spokesman, Dmitry Peskov, later clarified that Putin is not meant to imply that Eastern Ukrainian territory controlled by the separatists will become part of Russia, but that its status within Ukraine should be revised to give the Russian-speaking region to protect their rights and interests.
However, Putin's call for the Kiev government to start talks with Pro-Russian rebels as equals corresponded obvious strategy, which he followed from the beginning of the bloodshed five months ago to Help the separatists to take territory and to force the Ukrainian government to give the territory of the newly proclaimed Novorossiya actual independence to get closer with Russia, not the West.
In an interview with state channel one television Putin condemned the Ukrainian military campaign to return separatist held territory in Eastern Donetsk and Luhansk regions, which were captured in March and April after Moscow annexed the Ukrainian Peninsula of Crimea on March 18.
The Kremlin and the separatists recently called the occupied territory of Novorossia, or New Russia, by name, which refers to the pre-revolutionary glory days of the Russian Empire.
Putin said that anyone who believes that peace talks will happen in the near future, when Ukrainian politicians begin to campaign for the parliamentary elections on 26 October and at the time, as government troops attacked the peaceful settlement in separatist held areas, is a "prisoner of illusion", said ITAR-TASS.
"We must immediately begin substantive talks and not only on technical issues, but also on the political structure of society and state to the status of the South-East of Ukraine, to respect the interests of people living there," he said.
Peskov said that Putin's words about statehood meant in the context of greater autonomy, which has been discussed for months with leaders in Kiev in an attempt to calm fears in Russian-speaking areas that their cultural and language rights in danger.
Only the Ukrainian government can give the Eastern regions autonomy, Peskov said.
This is not a matter for discussion between Ukraine and Russia, Peskov said, "because it's not a conflict between Russia and Ukraine, and the internal Ukrainian conflict".
The intervention of the press Secretary of the Kremlin, to correct "erroneous interpretation" of the words of Putin stressed the decision of the Russian leadership to behave in relation to the separatist uprising in the East in any other way than open the capture of the Crimea, where the majority of the 2 million population are ethnic Russians.
Moscow would have to withstand a much more difficult battle to even attach the Donetsk and Luhansk regions of Eastern Ukraine, as the majority of the 6.5 million people are not Russian, and surveys prior to the conflict showed broad support for the desire to remain within Ukraine.
Autonomy, which Russian diplomats have discussed in international forums would give regional governments in Ukraine the power to determine their own trade agreements and foreign policy, in fact, passing the Kremlin effective control over the territory, which will connect mainland Russia with Crimea.
On the black sea Peninsula, annexed five months ago, is the main Russian Navy and commercial Maritime institutions and historic seaside resorts.
In the regions between the Russian Rostov region and the Crimea are also mines, factories and foundries, which produce the necessary equipment for the Russian army.
Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko has proposed during his inaugural speech on 7 June that Ukrainian lawmakers after the new elections weighed amendment to the Constitution, allowing the separated regions more control over their finances and the status of languages.
However, his view of autonomy, it seems, is very different from the view of the Kremlin and rebel separatists, armed and instigated accused Moscow.
Last call Putin to Kiev to negotiate with separatist leaders as equals, followed by new attacks of the rebels last week after Russian troops and tanks entered Eastern Ukraine from before peaceful area along the sea of Azov.
Russia-backed separatists took control of the city of Novoazovsk in the attack, which the employees of the Ukrainian security services say they fear it is the beginning of a campaign to capture the strategic coastal territory to the Crimea.
This entailed a large-scale civilian and military efforts to strengthen Mariupol, a steel port with 500000 inhabitants, which is located between Novoazovsk and a narrow passage to the Crimean Peninsula.
Poroshenko on Saturday appealed to the meeting of European Union leaders in Brussels to call for measures to prevent further Russian aggression against Ukraine, a former Soviet Republic that has been independent for 23 years.
"We are approaching the point of no return," warned Poroshenko.
Thousands of foreign troops and hundreds of foreign tanks are now on the territory of Ukraine.
The EU summit has not taken certain actions; leaders called for the drafting of more severe sanctions against Russia, which will be taken in the event of any escalation of the Ukrainian crisis.
Ukrainian soldiers had to abandon their positions in Ilovaisk after two columns of Russian armored vehicles and 1,000 military last week entered to the Donetsk region to support struggling separatists, Colonel Andriy Lysenko, spokesman of the national security Council and defense of Ukraine told reporters in Kiev on Saturday.
The first of 63 Ukrainian soldiers who, reportedly held in Ilovaysk as a result of the Russian invasion, were exchanged on Sunday 10 Russian aviadistino captured on Ukrainian territory a week ago, Lysenko reported on Sunday.
Scandal naked photo captures Australian celebrities and Gaby Greco
Jeffrey Edelstein expressed his distaste for hackers who may have stolen Nude photos of his fiancee Gabi Greco and a long list of Hollywood stars.
Hollywood in outrage after a series of candid photographs of a Nude Jennifer Lawrence have hit the Internet in the large-scale hacking scandal with celebrities.
They say that the hacker responsible for this, there are about 60 candid photos of the stars of "the hunger games" Lawrence and superstars, including models Kate Upton and Cara Delevingne, the singer Rihanna, Ariana Grande and Lea Michelle, and actress Kirsten dunst.
Australian actors Teresa Palmer, Emily Browning, Yvonne Strahovski and living in Melbourne Greco also allegedly were stolen photos leaked from iCloud.
In the list of 101 names of celebrities.
Edelsten, who made the Greek proposal last month, told Confidential: "It's disgusting".
All private correspondence should remain private.
Terrible that personal information may be stolen and sent to other people.
Greco, which is located in new York, reportedly told the news website that the hacker attack was "a disgrace" and that those to whom it was directed, "to feel that they have invaded".
It is assumed that the attacker has 30 photos of Palmer with a former boyfriend Scott Speedmenus, including two shot where she's laying by the pool Topless.
The work of Palmer in the movie include "Love and honor with Liam Hemsworth.
Palmer, the star of the movie "Chuck" Strahovski and actress from "illegal hold" Browning yesterday did not comment on the stolen photos.
Representative Lawrence told TMZ: "This is a blatant invasion of privacy."
Actor Seth Rogen expressed their outrage to the address of the hacker, writing on Twitter: "to Post pictures, stolen from a mobile phone, in fact, no different from the sale of stolen goods".
Just from a legal point of view cannot tolerate the publication of the stolen photos.
Discovered a potential way of stolen photos of Nude celebrities
Mass hacking accounts of stars, possibly produced through a vulnerability in the Find My Phone app.
The potential scenario described resource the Next Web.
On the Github published a Python script, which allows to find passwords to the service Find My Phone Apple.
This service allows you to track the location of iPhone.
To access it use the same bunch of login and password to the Apple ID that you used to access the cloud, Apple's iCloud, which were stolen celebrity photos.
The script was used brute force to find the password from Find My Phone.
In this method consistently introduces all sorts of combinations of characters, starting with the most frequently used passwords.
The author of the script claimed that service Find My Phone number input options passwords indefinitely.
With proper organization of the security system after several unsuccessful attempts to enter an incorrect password, the account should be blocked and inform the user about the intrusion.
Vulnerability, users did not get any messages about trying to guess the password to their account.
Hackers have to know the password for your Apple ID and used it to access iCloud.
According to the user Hackapp Twitter, the vulnerability was discovered two days ago, on Saturday, and written a script program to guess passwords.
At the moment a vulnerability is closed: after five attempts access to the service is blocked.
The resource associated with the user Hackapp and he noted that the above-mentioned vulnerability common to many services, but noted that he has no evidence that this vulnerability was used to access the account.
It's not me, plz RT
On Twitter the Prime Minister once again appeared extraneous records
Although there is no solid evidence that stealing photos was used a vulnerability in Find My Phone, previously there was a wave of malicious actions using this service.
Hackers intercepted the control device, and demanded a ransom from the owners.
In Apple's case, told the media that in this case, cloud security has not been compromised, but has not conducted investigations on how users lost their accounts.
In Russia also was previously hacked the Twitter account of Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev.
If the attackers got access to iCloud as described above, then there could be stored and the password to the account of the Prime Minister in the micro-blogging service.
Resource The Next Web was unable to obtain comments from Apple about the vulnerability in Find My Phone.
Putin has granted Russian citizenship to Ukrainian pjatibore
The President of Russia Vladimir Putin has granted Russian citizenship to famous Ukrainian athlete Anna Buryak.
The corresponding decree published on the Internet-portal of legal information.
At the beginning of this year, the athlete moved to Russia for permanent residence and contacted the Federation of modern pentathlon with a request to give her the opportunity to play for the national team of the Russian Federation.
In 2013 she won two world Cup, won a silver medal at the European championship in the individual championship and became world champion in the mixed relay, which is one of our new programs in the sport.
She holds leading positions this season.
According to the rules, to speak at the 2016 Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, she will need to obtain a special permit Olympic Committee of Ukraine.
Anna Buryak is not the first Ukrainian athlete, who changed citizenship.
In July, Vladimir Putin decided to extradite a Russian passport chess player Kateryna Lagno is a native of Lviv, which is a two-time European champion (2005, 2008), world blitz (2010) and rapid chess (2014).
In the women's team of Ukraine athlete has won the chess Olympiad in Turin (2006), world team championship in Astana (2013) and European team Championships in Warsaw (2013).
RCS stopped the investigation of the crash of Tu-204 at Vnukovo
The investigative Committee of Russia (TFR) has stopped criminal case on the fact of the crash of Tu-204 Red Wings airlines.
About it reports a press-service of the Ministry.
The decision was taken in connection with the death of the aircraft commander and flight engineer.
Forensic examination showed that the cause of the accident was high speed landing approach, the failure of the crew of standardized procedures for planting, as well as the unintentional output of the engine more revs on the straight thrust.
The Tu-204 airlines Red Wings, EN route flight from Prague to Moscow, was wrecked on December 29, 2012 at landing at Moscow's Vnukovo airport.
The aircraft veered off the runway and caught fire.
At the scene were killed, the aircraft commander, co-pilot and flight engineer.
Two flight attendants were taken to hospitals, where one later from his injuries died.
Three flight attendants who were hospitalized with severe injuries, underwent prolonged treatment.
In addition, serious injuries received by the driver of the car that was moving at the time of the accident on the Kiev highway.
Passengers on Board the aircraft was not.
Transport Prosecutor's office after the disaster held in Red Wings checks, during which they revealed numerous violations.
In February 2013, the license of the airline was suspended.
The company resumed work in the summer of 2013.
Alexander Emelianenko started training in jail
Famous Russian fighter of the mixed style 33-year-old Alexander Emelianenko, who is in jail on charges of forcible sexual assault against a maid, fully recovered from injury and started training.
About it reports "the championship".
In may this year, Russia's Investigative Committee have charged Alexander Emelianenko charged with rape.
The suspect was wanted on 9 may he was detained in Tambov after being involved in a traffic accident in which he suffered a broken hip.
Emelianenko Jr. was placed under arrest until August 31, September 1, was scheduled for sentencing.
However, the trial was postponed, and the investigation insisted on the extension of detention until 30 September.
In case the fault is proven, he faces a prison sentence of up to six years.
What force, brother?
"Tape.<url> recalls the most scandalous stories in the career of Alexander Emelianenko
His last fight Emelianenko held in January this year, losing by TKO compatriot Dmitry Sosnovsky.
Alexandre is the younger brother of the more famous fighter Fedor Emelianenko.
The latter is a four-time world champion in mixed martial arts, four-time world champion and seven-time champion of Russia in combat Sambo.
Anger was the most versatile and functional human emotion
An angry expression is biologically universal to mankind, and everyone involved in its creation, the body and the muscle group is not accidental, but is an additional means of expressing power and threat, researchers found Australia and the USA.
Their findings they reported in the journal Evolution and Human Behavior, and briefly they can be found in the press release of the University of California in Santa Barbara.
Angry facial expression - shifted and lowered his eyebrows, elongated into a thin line of lips, flared nostrils - the same in all cultures, and make it even blind from birth children, who had never seen him, said the study's lead author Aaron sell.
As part of a major research project on the nature of anger, the scientists found that experiencing this emotion for the efficient conduct of disputes during the conflict.
The more physical damage one person can inflict on another, the greater the opportunity to dictate terms, and he brings this up to companion with the help of anger.
Researchers have found confirmation and another of his hypothesis: physically strong people often get angry and proceed to assault, feel they have the right to impose disadvantageous conditions for them, and prefer force to solve conflicts peacefully.
Proceeding from the fact that anger is primarily emotion-negotiable", the scientists decided that the movements of each of the seven groups of muscles, creating an angry expression, must submit with the individual more powerful and dangerous in the eyes of the interlocutor and thereby force as soon as possible to agree to its terms to avoid conflict.
To test this hypothesis, the researchers modeled on the computer of the person, where was present or absent for each of the seven elements of angry faces, and showed them to informants.
Although drooping eyebrows or chin thrust forward separately did not make the person evil, depicted with such features person stronger physically study participants unanimously acknowledged.
The wrath of man, as in animals, expresses a threat: exaggerated manifestation of our own strength, forcing to accept and obey.
Man inflates his nostrils and pursed lips with the same purpose as that of the frog, which is inflated, or a baboon, which shows its fangs.
"Anger "triggered" rejection of the interlocutor to accept the situation, and the person immediately takes the form, effectively demonstrating the opposite side of the consequences of this refusal.
But most striking is that none of the components of an angry person is not arbitrary, they all Express one and the same," said anthropologist John tooby.
The Ministry of communications has proposed to allocate 250 million rubles broadcasting company "Crimea"
The Ministry of communications has proposed to allocate in 2014 from the Federal budget of 250 million rubles of the Autonomous nonprofit organization "TV and radio company "Crimea".
This is stated in the draft decree prepared by the Ministry, which read "Tape.<url>".
According to the explanatory note to the draft, subsidies from the Federal budget will be directed on a covering of expenses on creation of conditions for large-scale media coverage of the socio-economic situation and development of modern information space on the territory of the Republic of Crimea, including the purchase of equipment".
In particular, the allocated money is supposed to convert the Studio unit, video walls, Central hardware and videoserver.
It is also planned acquisition of mobile television stations and a satellite transmitter.
In addition, from the allocated funds, the company will pay for the use of fiber-optic communication lines (FOCL) and repair of the system energy.
Subsidies will be provided within the means of the Federal budget provided to the Ministry of communications.
State broadcasting company "Crimea" established in 1959, broadcasting in seven languages: Ukrainian, Russian, Crimean Tatar, German, Greek, Bulgarian and Armenian.
To date coverage of television signal broadcasting company is more than 75 percent of the Peninsula.
In 2011, "TV and radio company "Crimea" has received a license for television broadcasting in digital format.
