The prime ministers of India and Japan are in Tokyo
The new prime minister of India, while he meets with his Japanese counterpart, Shinzo Abe, in Tokyo to discuss ties in the field of economy and security, in his first major foreign visit since winning the election in May.
Mr Corridor is a five-day trip to Japan with the aim of strengthening economic ties with the third largest economy in the world.
At the head of the agenda of plans to expand nuclear cooperation.
India also, reportedly, hopes for an agreement on the defense department cooperation between the two countries.
Russia will hold a final session ФАНО print
Federal agency scientific organizations ФАНО (Russia), in collaboration with the Russian Academy of Sciences will hold the third session of the "free assessment of effectiveness research organizations."
The meeting will be the final in a series of meetings held by the agency in the course of the year, according to a press release, the "Voice of the Ленты.Ру."
At the third meeting, scheduled to finalise work Expert session for the year and a final list of indicators to assess the performance of scientific organizations.
Separately, the plan to discuss the rules establishing expert groups responsible for the evaluation of research groups, and evaluation criteria.
The third expert session will be the last event in the chain of events at all three academies for the formation of a common approach to the methodology of evaluation of the performance of the research organisations.
Over the past five months, we succeeded, and the final version of the regulations is to negotiate.
At the end of the session, we must complete the formation processes наукометрического and expert analysis, to agree on the stages and deadlines of the evaluation, "said the head of Russia's Elena экспертно-аналитического ФАНО Aksenova.
The event will be attended by representatives of more than 100 research institutes in Russia.
It is expected to result in the adoption of the resolution.
The meeting will begin at 10 a.m. local time on September 16, 2014 at: Moscow city, street, house Солянка 14.
Scientists have found a way to detect familial stars
Astrophysics at the University of California at Santa Cruz have studied турбулентное churning, and its impact on the chemical homogeneity in stellar flocks.
It is expected that the specialists will find among the stars, what more have emerged from one of the cluster.
The results of their research, the authors of the published in the journal Nature, and briefly with them can be found on the website of the University.
The same chemical composition близлежайших турбулентное churning clouds of stars is the gas that existed before stars in education.
Even if born star then leaves the stellar cluster, it can determine the chemical composition of her place of birth and education звезд-родственников region.
Previously, scientists have had doubts that the evolution of the stars outside a cluster may lead to differences in their chemical contents itself with the relatives in a cluster.
The simulation results conducted астрофизиками, show that such differences should not receive.
In their study with the help of two experts Cray-1 have modelled the flow of interstellar gas, which together formed a cloud.
This object within a few million years under their own gravity is converted in the cluster, where they form протозвезды.
The scientists added краски-метки in initial gas flow and determined that thanks to rapid турбулентному Cloud including self-compacting achieved a high degree of chemical homogeneity.
As astrophysics, they say research proves that you can look for звезды-родственники its chemical composition, as well as identify potential regions of these objects.
Police arrested 20 years after prosecution Карраты motorcycle at high speed
A motorcycle was confiscated after it passed the speed of 125 km / h in a zone with a speed limit of 70 km / h, and through бушлэнд, to hide from police in Пилбаре.
Transport police patrol in Каррате this morning attempted to stop a blue motorcycle, finding that it reaches a speed of 125 km / h, when he left the service station on Батгейт Road.
Police reported that a biker has not stopped and the continued movement Берджесс Road, then left in бушлэнд, resulting in police officers lost sight of him.
A motorcycle and a man matching the description of the driver, were seen near the house on Уолкотт Way in Булгарре.
Police have charged a man with the 20th Карраты refusal to stop and dangerous driving.
He must appear before world court Карраты on 23 September.
A motorbike was seized and detained for three months.
The academic year begins in ДНР not before October
On September 1, the academic year begins in ДНР, because not only 10% of children in the region.
The Minister of Education and Science, self-proclaimed republic, Igor Костенок.
He said that 11% of pupils in other regions of Ukraine, and 20 percent in Russia.
Teaching in schools in the territory controlled by ДНР begin, not before 1 October.
However, teachers will return to work on September 1.
The investigation into the disaster is completed ТУ-204 Vnukovo in 2012
Russia's Investigative Committee has completed its investigation into the case of a criminal investigation into the plane disaster ТУ-204 Vnukovo airport in December 2012.
It was reported today in the UK.
"Moscow transport investigative inter-regional power management at the Investigative Committee of Russia finished investigating criminal proceedings instituted by the accident aircraft ТУ- 204 airline" Ed Вингз "at Vnukovo airport on December 29, 2012, on the grounds that the crimes stipulated ст.263 Enforcement Criminal Code / violation of safety rules and the movement of air transport which negligently caused the death of two or more persons /," the statement reads.
The disaster was the failure of a crew of standard procedures and increased speed for landing.
George Уэбстер accused of rape in hotels in Нэйрне Питлохри and
Man appears in court on charges of rape of women in two hotels.
George Уэбстеру, 28 years old, charged during the hearing, the High Court in Glasgow.
He allegedly raped a woman in the "H" in the "Скотланд Питлохри, Пертшир, June 7, 2013.
Argues that Уэбстер attacked her when she was "without consciousness, sleep and was not in a condition to give consent."
In addition, Уэбстер is accused of raping one woman in "Hotel Голф A.D.Saharov Нэйрне", who is who on the Северо-Шотландском May 4, 2014.
Judge Lady Ray called the hearing in the High Court in Edinburgh on 17 November.
Lavrov: Russia will not be a "spanking" in connection with the new sanctions, and will not withdraw from the WTO
Russia would not be "spanking" door in connection with new sanctions.
It was stated today, Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov, speaking to students and teachers (MGIMO).
About our response measures in case of a new wave of anti-Russian sanctions, then I'm not even going to speculate, fantasize, because everything should be specifically calculated, "he said.
And when we understand that сподобятся this time European and American partners, then we'll make decisions about how to respond to it.
It will not be associated with хлопаньем doors, some even falsely, MA, "stressed the minister.
We are, first and foremost, we will build on our interests, to protect the interests of our economy, the social sphere, our citizens, our businesses and we will draw conclusions from the actions of the partners on the subject of their adequacy, договороспособности and reliability.
For the steps that are taken in the field of sanctions, can be a very good judge of what are partners, "continued the Foreign Minister of the Russian Federation.
If in full voice, they say that "sanctions will be too painful for us, but we are forced to do so, in order to punish Russia," it's probably not very adequately. "
As regards the WTO RF output in response to possible new sanctions, then no.
We, on the contrary, we want to actively use WTO tools, including when it comes to commercial disputes, "Mr Lavrov said.
We've got the tools to overcome, as we consider the discriminatory policies of the EU in relation to the anti-dumping procedures.
According to the minister, accused Russia of Lines and apply anti-dumping measures against sectors of the Russian economy.
"We are ready to use the mechanisms of the WTO and in order to defend our position not to apply the provisions of the EU Third энергопакета retrospectively," said Lavrov.
How to properly use lilac in garden design?
Answers to the questions: Irina Окунева
Because after the national lilac loses its appeal, it is desirable to plant, together with other 22.00pm..
It goes well with many cultures.
And beside сиренью you can and should grow as ornamental plants, in other times and blossoming at the same time with it.
Another plus for flavor that it provides a lot of opportunities for creativity.
You can build its штамбовым school of varying heights, improved a rosebush, a bush with a wide base and even like bonsai garden - with a grotesquely изогнутым стволиком school.
Simply select the form, which more than matches its design in your garden.
In Karelia for selling fake money convicted of Leningrad Oblast
As reported in the Interior Ministry, the man was fishing with his criminal Olonets- Сегежском and areas.
In addition, he committed similar crimes in Karelia and other parts of the country.
In particular, the defendant had наследить in Vologda region, where in spring this year, he was sentenced to two and a half years in prison.
Later a man appeared before the District Court Олонецким.
As for the end of the investigation on the crimes committed in our republic, he was driven in the region.
During the investigation of proven wine for several episodes of selling counterfeit money related to the summer of 2013.
At the end of June this year, with the conclusion of the criminal case materials lying down were sent to court.
On Friday, August 29, the court ruled to replace the term of imprisonment for a term of four years from the general regime.
The sentence has not entered into force.
Recall that last week sentenced two more сбытчика fake money, which paid them in stores of Petrozavodsk.
Citizens of Azerbaijan came in Karelia, also from St Petersburg.
One of them imprisoned for five years and another for four.
Assigned to each penalty according to 500,000 roubles.
The sentence has not yet entered into force.
In Arkhangelsk 73-ю noted the anniversary of the first "Dervish" convoy
Rally, which took place in the regional center, was devoted to the first арктическому got.
"Dervish" delivered in the Soviet military assistance from the United States and Britain.
The rally was held in memory of Arkhangelsk закладного stone monument to the future of the convoys, which is located on the waterfront in Соломбале Sedov name.
The event brought together representatives of veterans organizations, children from Arkhangelsk кадетского class.
For the first time, we gathered two, three years ago, when a mortgage was laid stone.
But at the same time, today's event is not a celebration, a day of remembrance of those who did not back the sea, "said the chairman of the board of the Northern Maritime Shipping Company Boris Karpov.
Then on came City Brass Band, and the cadet classes gave veterans промаршировали with flowers and the flags of Russia and the banner of victory.
Rally ended laying flowers to закладному stone.
The convoy consisted of five British ships and one Dutch transport loaded, strategically important raw materials (10 000 tonnes of rubber, 1 500 tonnes of wear shoes, to translate anything, and plenty of other inventory and equipment).
In addition, on board the aircraft and military equipment and weapons was 3 800 depth bombs and magnetic mines, fifteen fighters "owned" разобранном condition.
The convoy escort consisted of 16 UK naval ships, including two aircraft carriers.
The caravan was not detected adversary aircraft and safely reached its destination: Arkhangelsk.
Only 848 ships involved in the vital operations for the caravans, 126 were killed and about 50 military transport aircraft.
"In the framework of the Amur Autumn film festival will take place."
With 10 to 12 September, will run the festival in Blagoveshchensk amateur film "КинАмур" within the "Amur Autumn."
Local кинолюбители will be able to take part in the festival shows and theatre and cinema.
On September 10, the participants "КинАмура" will take part in the workshop of famous directors, and "creative meeting showing Короткого meter": "," "Уходя Человек-Добро in orange," "Арысь-поле."
On September 11, according to the Fire, "will be held under a board director:" Amur Rudenko.
On 12 September there will be a closure of the festival "КинАмур", where the results will be announced and named the winners of the festival.
Competition of amateur films will take place across multiple categories.
For the first time will participate in cartoons: The festival selected 3 animated films.
Only 11 of the authors involved in the festival.
The following year, the participants plan to exhibit at the level of the city administration.
Recalling a very American ideal that labor rights are human rights
Congressmen Keith Ellison and John Lewis have offered the bill, on which organization is protected by unions as a civil right.
"Where unions and middle-class jobs," says Ellison, Democrat of Minnesota, who is co-chairman of the Congressional Progressive factions.
That is why I am proud to represent the Act of expanding the rights of workers, along with the symbol of the movement for civil rights by John Lewis.
This bill will give workers the same opportunities for legal discrimination against organizations, trade unions, and other forms of discrimination, opponents of stopping union power
Changing the Act regulating labour relations in such a way as to allow the workers encountering discrimination for participation in trade union organizations, to seek justice in the civil courts, and compensation and punitive damages payments - a sensible and necessary initiative.
But it's certainly not radical initiative - at least by American standards.
In fact, the best way to deal with the fact that offer Ellison, Lewis and co-authors of the bill, "recall is a very American idea.
Despite the attacks, which the unions have in recent years - in Wisconsin, Michigan and other states across the country, Americans once supported countries around the world to adopt, to expand and to respect human rights.
There was a time that millions of Americans still recall when this country simultaneously defend democracy, freedom of speech, freedom of the press and the right to organize.
When the United States occupied Japan after the Second World War, General Douglas MacArthur was ready and his assistants have helped destabilize the country to adopt a constitution, to ensure that autocracy which Хидеки Тодзё was replaced by democracy.
Fully aware that workers and their trade unions play a role in the formation of a new Japan, they included a text that explicitly admitted that "the right of workers to organize and to negotiate, and the collective action is guaranteed."
When the United States occupied Germany after World War II, General Dwight David Эйзенхауер and his assistants have helped the Germans to write a constitution that guaranteed that fascism was replaced by Adolf Hitler a strong democracy.
Recognizing that workers will need to be organized and to be heard in the new state, Germans have included an article that openly stated, "The right of association in order to protect and improve employment and economic conditions will be guaranteed to every person and every profession or field of activity.
Agreements that restrict or seek to diminish that right, will have no legal force; measures for these purposes, be declared illegal.
When former first lady Eleanor Roosevelt was president of the International Commission on Human Rights, which was World Declaration on Human Rights, which in 1948, will be adopted by the United Nations as a global agreement, Roosevelt and included stating that "everyone has the right to organize and join unions to protect their interests."
Generations of Americans take for granted our basic position that labor rights are human rights.
When this country is advised by other countries about how to create a civil and democratic society, Americans have explained that the right to organize labor unions - and the fact that this union has participated as an equal partner in collective bargaining with corporations and government agencies - should be protected.
Now, when these rights are under attack in America, wise, indeed, return to the American ideal that working people should have the right to organize and to ensure that their voices were heard in a free and open society.
As the Reverend Martin Luther King Jr. said fifty years ago:
History is a great teacher.
Now everyone knows that the trade union movement has not undermined the nation's power, but increased them.
Raising the living standards of millions, unions miraculously created a market for industry and lifted the whole nation to fragile level of production.
Those who attack the unions, forget these simple truths, but history remembers them.
History remembers the, how shall we.
Official recognition of labour rights as human rights and the protection of civil rights, to prevent discrimination against organizations, trade unions, was long overdue.
Keith Ellison and John Lewis ideals of Ukraine, which historically have expanded America and made a promise of democracy a reality.
Judge temporarily blocks law which could close all clinics in Louisiana абортные
In the U.S., a federal judge on Sunday temporarily has blocked the introduction of the Louisiana law, which his supporters say he likely will close all five абортных clinics in the state.
According to this measure, which was signed by Governor of Louisiana Bobby Джинадлом in June and was supposed to go into effect on September 1, doctors who do abortions, were obliged to have powers of patients in a hospital within 30 miles of their practice.
Nevertheless, the judge's decision means that, at the moment, doctors can continue to do legal abortions, while continuing to seek such powers.
"Complainants will be allowed to work legally, continuing actions to gain power," he wrote in his decision, Judge John деГрэвеллз.
The hearing will be scheduled within the next month, at which the judge made a more permanent solution on this law.
Advocates of abortion rights, met with joy at the decision, the latest in a chain of decisions against similar measures, saying this will give doctors more time to obtain hospital authority.
"Today's decision ensures that the women will be protected as the Louisiana law, which seeks to deprive them of the health and human rights," said Nancy Нортап, president and head of the Center for reproductive Rights, which filed a lawsuit to stop the law on behalf of three of the state's five clinics.
It was not immediately clear whether the decision applies to doctors from two clinics, which were claimants in the case, and also filed a claim on power.
Louisiana is one of the 11 states that have adopted similar laws, and the courts have recently acknowledged such measures unconstitutional in Alabama and Mississippi.
Key parts of the law that would have closed техасского, most of the remaining clinics in this state, were blocked by a federal judge on Friday.
Fighters for the right to abortion, along with the American College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists and the American Medical Association, that say the laws impose restrictions on the powers of physicians, which are not necessary from the medical point of view.
Opponents of abortion argue that such measures are aimed at protecting women's health, though some also pointed to positive effect in the closing clinics.
Only one doctor who does abortions in Louisiana, is in the hospital, said the Center for reproductive Rights.
If all the other doctors in the state will be forced to stop performing the procedure, the doctor, fearing for their safety, would cease to perform this procedure, "the group said.
Criticizing the decision, Louisiana officials said that they would not punish doctors doing abortions as long as their statements to the authorities for taking decisions.
What will the introduction of quotas for domestic products
Not less than half of products for each type of product in the range trading networks should be the Russian production, says Duma deputy from the Just Russia faction, "Oleg Nilov.
The MP has prepared a bill aimed at introducing protective measures for domestic manufacturers, writes the newspaper Izvestia.
The document will still some points, in order to avoid possible discomfort to buyers.
This applies to goods that are produced in Russia. <... > According to the rest of the groups of products, which are produced in Russia, would provide the at least half of the production of their domestic producers, "Nilov told the publication.
Together with the amendments, in the article "On the basis of state regulation of trading activities in the Russian Federation," the bill provides for the introduction of changes to the tax code, there is a VAT rate of 10 per cent in Norway with the implementation of products produced in Russia.
The idea to introduce a 50% quota in -процентную retail chains included in the stimulus package for Russian producers.
The shop appears several times more than domestic goods.
However, this initiative can have both positive and negative effects, experts say.
According to attorney Налоговик, a member of the "independent think-tank" Public Duma Sergei Litvinenko for the Russian economy, as well as for domestic agricultural and food industries, the effect will be positive, and will lead to growth.
The key will be, farmers, and small shops.
They will be able to sell more, and that means that profits will grow.
In addition, they will receive the right to dictate their terms and prices for retailers, because they will be forced to buy their goods.
Russian manufacturers will be able to increase its sales activities and that will lead to pay higher taxes than before.
This will increase budget revenues, create new jobs, any industry will begin to expand any faster осваиваться, will be introduced to contribute to GDP growth.
Russia's dependence on foreign food fall several times, though not immediately, "said the expert.
Earlier, Russian companies are often unable to fight their way to the shelves of local stores due to higher competition from foreign counterparts.
Now, after the introduction of the embargo, this niche and sigh of relief can be freed.
But do not forget that after all the necessary approvals and sanitary inspections to the Russian market will be available food from Latin America, Turkey and Serbia.
In other words, it is now "calm" moment when former players have already left, and new has yet to come.
Almost a month later, we can talk about the modern demand for Russian raw materials, as well as rising prices for finished products, "said Vice President АиФ.ru first all-Russian organization the Russian club financial directors, Tamara Kasyanov.
Clearly, the idea of selling in each category at least 50% of the Russian food export sector will be for local producers.
In that case, they will have to compete with one another, not with products, which are financed by state subsidies, are cheaper.
In other words, the buyer will struggle between the companies that operate under a single law.
On the other hand, says Kasyanov, Russian producers are able to meet 50% of domestic needs compatriots not on all items.
And in this situation commercial networks would have to "share" дотягивать Russian goods up to half that range.
In this context, increasing fears that the shelves due to substandard goods.
Maybe, under the guise of manufactured in Russia, will be delivered to foreign products with перебитыми labels, "adds an expert.
A negative effect of introducing quotas are large trading networks, especially those which выгодней cooperate with importers.
It is logical that the job-seeking foreign suppliers will suffer and, because of reduced demand for their products.
Litvinenko did not rule out that the law on quotas on domestic goods may impact on consumers.
In fact, that some of the Russian-made products can yield quality imported ones, while shops will be boosting prices on the second as a scarce commodity.
About revolutions in the early 2000s, import substitution idea economists have started talking again in February this year because of the ongoing devaluation of the ruble.
Now, amid the uneasy relations with the West, the refusal to the import of products becomes even more urgent.
The law aims to compel retailers under orders to suppliers reckon with domestic producers.
Then we are much faster and more confident strolling towards import substitution and the planning system is necessary for the production of products will be created in a shorter period of time, "says MP Oleg Nilov.
Especially effective mechanism for those quotas will be agricultural sectors, where the potential is particularly high, for example, in the dairy industry, where the share of imports was 25%.
Our farmers are able to fully cover the shelves in Russian shops.
In addition, a powerful impulse can obtain and uranium production.
As you know, the biggest share of imports remains on offer - from 30% to 35%.
It turns out, still account for 70 percent of the Russian products, "says Kasyanov.
Experts are of the opinion that the introduction of quotas for domestic products contribute импортозамещению and can accelerate this process.
But itself to импортозамещению this initiative will not, as this requires a set of measures, I am sure Mr Litvinenko.
In any case, 50 per cent of the goods sold under this initiative can still be picked up because of the border, and that means full import substitution will happen, but significant steps in this direction will be done.
The same little set quotas, the need to establish a domestic food production in the country, in order to fulfill the quotas.
These quotas as such warranties and provide, "concludes the expert.
Bringing delayed diagnosis, and the lack of access to the optimal treatment mean that ovarian cancer kills more in rural areas
Angelina Jolie and her brother James published a video memory of their deceased mother, who died from ovarian cancer in 2007.
Прощивающие women in rural areas of Australia, they face a higher risk of death from ovarian cancer than those living in cities.
The researchers analyzed maps of disease more than 1,100 Australian women diagnosed with ovarian cancer in 2005, finding that only 35 percent have lived for five years after he was diagnosed.
Lead researcher Susan Jordan of the QIMR Berghofer Medical Research Institute reported that the probability of death during the study by 20 percent higher among those who live in remote areas and regions of the state than those who live in urban areas.
A small study: New drugs may slow lung cancer and ovarian cancer
The researchers tracked the medical way women for seven years.
Dr Jordan said that the age of the woman at the time of diagnosis, the type of ovarian cancer, the disease and the current социоэкономический status also influenced the likelihood of survival.
Older women and those who have been in the later stages of cancer at the time of diagnosis, had the lowest survival rates.
For those who lived in remote areas or regions of the state, the chance of dying during the study was 20 percent higher than for those who lived in urban areas.
Although the study was not designed to determine why women who live outside cities are more likely to die from ovarian cancer, Dr. Jordan suggested that bringing delayed diagnosis, and the lack of access to the optimal treatment is possible factors.
"This disease is best treated surgeons, specializing in gynecologic oncology, and they are mainly located in big cities," she said.
Despite the improvement in the quality of services, to reduce the impact of the ITU long distance, she suggested that the increase in the number of services that will allow professionals to treat women closer to home, and programs to support people receiving treatment is far from his home, can help.
Dr Jordan said that regardless of the geographical position, the study found that prolonged life expectancy among women with ovarian cancer was rare, stressing the need for more effective strategies for treatment and prevention.
The study, which was funded Rio Tinto Ride to Conquer scientist, will be published today in the Medical Journal of Australia.
In March 2012, at the age of 33 years, a young mother with a Gold coast Элише Neave was told that she had an aggressive form of ovarian cancer.
In September, the district's new ФАП Куженерском open doors
The construction of medical facilities in the village of Токтайбеляк was launched in April of this year, and was on a project.
Cost accounted for slightly more than 10 million roubles.
According to management, public relations and information, Head of Mari El, and construction was financed from the national budget in accordance with the targeted investment program.
The total area of health facilities built at nearly 230 square meters.
It would provide health care to residents of eight cities, villages and hamlets Токтайбеляк Дементьево Пюнчерюмал Тунья,,,,, and фомичи Торайбеляк Шинур Чашкаял.
A new paragraph will replace incumbent фельдшерско-акушерский ФАП building, which was built in 1918 and had long ago exhausted their resources, and it does not meet the sanitary requirements.
A new facility will open in the near future.
Four month убившая son in drink-driving новочебоксарка stands trial
A resident of Chuvashia is on trial for the murder of his own child.
In Cheboksary completed an investigation regarding 31-летней let women, defender in death of negligent.
The investigation established that on 26 July this year обвиняемая четырехмесячным together with his son arrived at the celebration of the birth of its кумы in Cheboksary.
After a lengthy новочебоксарка 83 decided to stay in the EU, and very baby to sleep.
At night, when the baby awoke and cried like a woman and put it beside him on the bed, to breast feed, but soon fell asleep.
During sleep навалилась woman on his son, as a result of which he died from suffocation.
The criminal case, your SC in Chuvashia, directed by the court.
Inflation out of the vacation.
Whether Russians feel a sharp rise in prices
As a result of Western sanctions and the November inflation accelerates in Russia and not in forecasts уложится authorities, analysts believe, "VTB Capital."
According to experts, the deferred effects антисанкций will lead to inflationary early in the first quarter of 2015, writes RBC Daily.
According to the latest forecast, inflation in 2014 will be 6,5-7,5% the following year - less than the 6.5 per cent.
However, according to the newspaper, "Kommersant," the ministry this week should make "small but significant" changes in macroeconomic forecast up to 2017.
According to the publication, the agency may lower estimate of inflation in 2015, which will eliminate progeSOFT expected revenue growth of the population.
The forecast anticipated that the food sanctions apply a year - until August 2015.
In such a situation, you could assume such high inflation?
The current situation involves geared shock, but понижательный trend of inflation does not change, "the source said to the newspaper.
Economists from VTB Capital "don't share expectations regarding inflation and government economic bloc forecast price growth in 2014 at the level of 8%.
The main effect of product bans will come together with the possible introduction of the Russian regions, sales tax (GAP) in 2015, experts believe.
Inflationary spike in 9% in February, after which the annual pace of price growth will decline, experts believe.
Incidentally, last week brought the first mining-related inflation results, after Russia imposed sanctions "accurate."
АиФ.ru interviewed experts and found their inflationary expectations.
Artem Деев, head of the analytical department of FC AForex:
Prices have already observed in key segments.
Moreover, when I began to appreciate the socially relevant products, the government was forced to launch measures to monitor systemic risks to price stability, in order to prevent unreasonable price increases in the short term.
Suppliers and retailers already report on a daily basis before regulators that authorities knew exactly who, where and for what reason will trigger an increase in prices.
Key factors for the growth of the consumer price index continues to be tremendous pace of capital flight, excessive refinancing the banking sector from the Russian мегарегулятора, converting on an internal flight in foreign currency, as well as an embargo on the import of food products from the countries that joined the sanctions against Russia.
If inflationary pressures remained under control, the cost of a minimum basket of food has not jumped to 12 per cent in just one quarter.
A ban on the import of food products provoked shock proposals on the internal market and leads to a final value enhancing логичному.
Because at this stage we are not able to fully run the import substitution mechanism, as well as increase self-sufficiency of the Russian market at the expense of domestic production, a response to sanctions carry risks of inflationary growth component.
If you add one and fiscal reasons related to the lack of credibility of the national currency, as well as ухудшенными prospects of economic growth, by the end of this year, inflation could exceed 8%.
Alexander Разуваев, director of the analytical department of Alpari. ""
In the 1990s, inflation sometimes hit 20-30% per month to zero, it was also higher than the current level, another thing that then it offset faster economic growth.
I think, at the end of the year inflation will be 8-8,5%.
Plato Магута, managing assets of the Fund Магута. "
An external factor associated with sanctions against Russia, while successfully contained, but if there is a further increase of the pressure, first and foremost, for the financial sector - this can lead to certain difficulties and increase inflationary expectations, which usually manifest themselves in traditionally interest-bearing cash currency to protect their savings.
It can be assumed that the government, the Central Bank and Finance Ministry to try to alleviate the weakening rouble, as well as smooth market practices and government regulation.
But prices traditionally begins after a lull over the summer and, possibly, this fall will become more pronounced.
The target level of consumer inflation in Russia to 7.5%, most likely, a weapon, as Russia has another financial savings.
Love centers on reducing the number of homeowners grieve
Such a decline, due to the exceptional reduction of the number of homeowners aged less than 35 years old, may lead to the fact that we love centers will start to lose tens of millions of pounds a year, when today's young consumers will reach the age of "gardening", according to research by the HTA, which told the Financial Times.
According to this report, people strap on accommodation, spend an average of 55 per cent of the amount that owners of their own houses spend on gardening.
It is an increase in the number of people living in areas without высокоурбанизированных gardens, the popularity of asphalting yards in front of the house for parking and a reduction in the size of the garden as well as other factors, bearing a threat for the industry, which has annual sales of an estimated £5 billion.
In Greater London, where the number of homeowners fell from 61 percent to 43 percent over the past six years, the lowest in the UK, the level of spending on household goods for homebuilding.
HTA and садоводческое Royal Society reported that rental housing and a lack of space for garden doesn't mean that people can grow plants.
Guy Бартер, chief adviser to the RHS, said: "The cultivation of plants in containers, for example, is especially popular with tenants who may have transported plants with them when moving."
HTA report identified the period between 1997 and 2005 as a "golden age" of retail goods for gardening as a result of an increase in the number of homeowners and economic prosperity since the late 1980s until the mid 1990s.
It also said that the market will improve this year, thanks to good weather after more adverse conditions in March and April last year.
The Ministry of Agriculture Bulgaria has conducted mass cleansing to fund "cannot control."
Three of the four supervisors Fund "cannot control" were replaced by another on Friday.
In total, three of the four supervisors Fund "cannot control" were replaced by another on Friday.
Officially, the Ministry of Agriculture Bulgaria reported only about removing them from the post of executive director Добрева.
His place was Лозана Василева.
It turned out that on Friday, were quietly oblivious and two of the three deputy executive directors of the fund.
Liberated deputy executive director Tatiana Ангелова, which until then was responsible for government assistance and a program that informs БГНЕС САПАРД citing newspaper Trud.
I was not present at the Council of Governors Fund, because by law we are not members of the leadership, but I was told later that I was liberated.
I can't tell you why, about my dismissal is not reported on the Web site of the Foundation.
I am on vacation.
I hope that I learn more on Monday, "said Oce Ангелова.
Her place will be located at 6 South Ezienšteina Street Багдатова, which until now was the head of "Investment кредитирования" in central fund in "cannot control" in Sofia.
Also freed was deputy executive director Nicholas Дачев.
Before that, he was responsible for the direct subsidies, paid for by the EU.
In his place will be appointed Живко, who was head of the Regional Fund "cannot control the city issued until January 2014.
His office has only deputy fund Атидже Алиева-Вели.
Currently, she is responsible for the development of rural areas.
All the official reasons for the changes in the establishment is not mentioned.
Turkey is a U.S. diplomat in connection with a message about spying
The Foreign Ministry of Turkey itself has a senior U.S. diplomat in the country for explanations in connection with the report about U.S. and British espionage in Turkey.
The Deputy Prime Minister, said that the American Бюлент the Chargé and Turkish officials discussed the report on Monday.
The German magazine "Der Spiegel" and we "The Intercept" reported that documents provided by former National Security Agency analyst Edward Сноуденом, show that Turkey is a priority intelligence target for the American and British intelligence services.
According to Turkish news agencies, President Recep Tayyip Erdogan преуменьшил importance this message, saying that all of the country's leading шпионят each other.
Earlier сообщавшаяся information that most German Intelligence Agency also made Ankara object caused outcry, a response from the Turkish government.
Major Chinese companies have united against the intuitions
Chinese companies, including China's largest commercial real estate developer five-time Wanda Group and Tencent Holdings (интернет-гиганты соцсети мессенджер, etc.) and Baidu (a Chinese search engine), to create the largest company, which will compete in the market with a trading intuitions.
But the real miracle of the Chinese Internet, which left behind even their American rivals - eBay and Amazon.com, it will not be easy.
The biggest union
The company plans to invest in a joint venture with 5 billion yuan ($814 million), it will be 70 percent owned by Wanda and 15 percent each of the Internet companies, the report said Wanda Group.
To register the firm in Hong Kong.
Unite joint search engine Baidu services with popular social platform WeChat соцсеть (the largest in China, the number of users, which is roughly 438 million) and Wanda, Tencent infrastructure.
In addition to the network of 40 luxury hotels group Wanda manages at least 49 objects of commercial real estate throughout China and 40 shopping centers.
Last year, the company invested more than $50 billion yuan ($8 billion) in construction of the film studio and entertainment park in the eastern Chinese city Циньдао (on the shores of the Yellow Sea).
It is expected that the project will attract more than 1 million visitors annually and generate a profit at $960 million.
In addition to this, Wanda owns US cinema chain AMC Entertainment Holdings, which makes the company the largest theater operator in the world.
By 2015, Wanda plans to equip all of its shopping centers, hotels and places of entertainment services, e-commerce development which will be created as a competitor intuitions.
According to Dong Цэ, who will lead the new company, thanks to the unification of the Wanda will be able to increase the number of users of its e-commerce services from the current $40 million to 100 million by next year.
The new playground will become the biggest online-to-offline platform in the world, said Dong Цэ.
The essence of the online-to-offline (O2O) e-commerce lies in attracting customers online, so that they come in the usual офлайн-магазины or bought other traditional services.
A classic example is the sale of O2O services like Groupon coupons or Vigoda.ru.
"O2O is the biggest pie" in "онлайн-коммерции," said Wang, head of the Wanda Цзяньлинь quote (according to Bloomberg).
"Now this O2O platform in China, and in this situation, the chances are all about," he said.
The Chinese market интернет-торговли - the world's biggest, and, according to McKinsey & Co., and its volume will increase more than threefold by 2015 compared with 2011, to $395 billion.
The number of Chinese Internet users rose up to 632 million, Bloomberg data in official statistics: It's more than the population of any country in the world, except India.
And according to forecasts that by 2015, that number may grow to $850 million.
The world's wealthiest union
Tencent CEO Ma Хуатэн was until recently the richest man in China, however, according to a Bloomberg index millionaires agency, founder Jack Ma intuitions already surpassed his $5.5 billion.
State of Jack Ma is estimated at $21.8 billion, of which $11 billion fall in its share of the intuitions.
Baidu chief executive Robin Li, now ranks third among the richest people in China, and while Wang Цзяньлинь Wanda "rating from the fourth line.
"This battle is very interesting to watch: The three richest people together to challenge even more wealthy," said Bloomberg, director of the Chinese Center for Exploration of e-commerce in Hangzhou Cao Lay.
But he believes that the new company is unlikely to be able to seriously compete with intuitions immediately after the building: "We can't build Rome in a day."
That is not so – with intuitions just compete not only new businesses, but also deserving of world leaders, on the eve of a published report shows интернет-торговли financial intuitions about performance in the last quarter.
Intuitions are often portrayed as something between eBay and Amazon.com, but from April to June the Chinese company earned more than its American rival both together.
Net profit for the period of the intuitions of almost twice the total hours worked index of similar competitors, it grew almost threefold year-on-year and amounted to $1.99 billion.
"Intuitions still has huge potential to generate money, largely thanks to its mobile applications," commented Bloomberg report, an analyst at the Arete гонконгской Research Service.
According to the updated prospectus intuitions of the Commission on the website of the Securities and Exchange Commission of the United States, the number of active mobile users services company in July was 188 million, significantly surpassing the March figure ($163 million).
While 32.8 percent of all transactions in the past quarter intuitions on mobile devices.
Yet to call their intuitions of shares before the IPO.
According to the average estimate of 11 analysts surveyed by Bloomberg, the company could be worth $187 billion after selling shares.
According to sources, Bloomberg intuitions debut on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) will take place on September 16.
Road-show companies that existed before this event, which starts on 3 September.
It is expected that the IPO will record the intuitions in the history of the NYSE, and will allow the company to raise about $20 billion.
Still attracted a record for volume on U.S. stock funds belonged to Visa payment system, which in 2008 held initial placement of its shares, earning the $17.9 billion.
At least half of all food products in retail chains should be the Russian production, say the deputies of the State Duma.
They have a bill on the subject.
We are talking about the amendments to Article 8 of the Law "On the basis of state regulation of trading activities in the Russian Federation," and the Tax Code.
The document says the introduction of protective measures in relation to Russian producers of food.
Important point, according to the draft, at least 50 percent of domestic production of food in shops should be for each type of goods.
However, the document would be taken into account that there are goods which are produced in Russia, for example, fruit and vegetables in the winter, so for them to be made "discount" to avoid possible discomfort to buyers.
At the same time, the draft law introduces a change in the Tax Code, establishing lines of VAT rate in excess of 10% of all food products, the country of origin which is Russia, according to the newspaper Izvestia.
On August 27, in the lower house of parliament introduced a draft law on amendments to the Law "On the retail markets," which proposes to revive the farmer's markets, on which small producers can sell their products.
Police boss Магалуфа charged in corruption
The plaintiffs presented evidence of extortion by the police and officials in the state prosecutor's office, the municipality Кальвии Мальорки on Friday.
Police chief Кальвии resort on the island sustained was arrested as a result of accusations of corruption on the part of the business and the owners of bars in the center of a rampant alcoholism Магалуфе.
Chief inspector Jose Antonio Navarro was placed into custody as a result of accusations of corruption against him, several businessmen with Punta Баллена, streets, which is most of the bars and nightclubs Магалуфа.
According to the daily онлайн-издания) the plaintiffs presented evidence that Jewish extortion from the police and officials in the office of the municipality Кальвии Мальорки anti-corruption prosecutor on Friday.
Another two local policemen were arrested гвардейцами Spain's National Guard in connection with allegations of corruption and will be interrogated судьёй along with Navarro.
The Spanish daily ABC reported that disgruntled owners of nightclubs say protectionism on the part of the authorities seriously affects their business.
"We are no longer talking about how to earn money, it is about how to survive," told the court one of the businessmen.
Can't pose a threat to our existence.
We have nothing to lose.
Headlines in the international press Магалуф this summer after a popular video on YouTube, in which he was shown an 18-year-old British SPA, делавший fellatio on 24 men during the race.
Authorities on the island ever since, trying to stop the hooliganism in drink-driving among vacationers Магалуфа readable, to minimize the amount of alcohol on the famous run.
In addition, the Playhouse nightclub, where the incident occurred with минетом, was forced to close for a year, while the Playhouse and the race organizers called-were hearts together were fined €55,000 ($73000).
Tourist resort Магалуф mainly popular among young British holidaymakers, there was also a place of numerous accidents in a state of alcoholic intoxication, associated with crazy great, known as "балконинг" when people jump from one balcony to another or from a balcony in the hotel pool.
The first day of spring is wet and ветреными conditions that resulted in flights to Adelaide list
Baked spring a surprise in the southern part of South Australia, bringing heavy rains and strong winds, which influenced the list of flights in Adelaide.
Another 5 mm of rain fell on the city at night to 9 p.m., followed by a 6.6 mm, which occurred overnight Sunday.
The latest rain storms, with a couple of short preceded порывистым wind, including weather, which началалась shortly before 8 p.m., and poured almost 4 mm for about 10 minutes.
After an early spring, winter portion issued last week, the temperature fell again Monday to maximum just 15,8C in town.
Шквалистые conditions, as it were, is one of the reasons for delay planting Virgin Airlines flight from Melbourne in Аделаиду.
The plane was scheduled to land just after 7: 30 p.m., but was in the area of wind shear - a sudden change of wind speed or direction in the short distance - and was forced to gain height.
Gusts of wind reached 50 km / h on the ground in Adelaide for good this time.
Flight data showed the plane had to gain altitude during the second landing, and the plane eventually landed about 8: 40 p.m.
The delay has caused the flight of several subsequent delay other flights, including the flight from Dubai's Emirates and Qantas flight from Sydney.
Le maximum is forecast in Adelaide on Tuesday, with the probability of one or two storms.
Calculation estimates construction sites in Russia will be in a new way
Pricing, regulatory issues in the construction industry, as well as problems of connectivity the Federal Antimonopoly Service takes on a special control.
FAS was established at the Expert Council on the development of competition in the construction sector.
At its meeting, the head of the management and control of natural resources, construction and FAS Vadim Solovyov said that "today's estimates of construction sites is absolutely unintelligible."
Regulatory pricing is opaque and could lead to an unjustified price construction, the FAS.
And the cost of the construction of state property in the design stage to determine on the basis of the market prices of constructive solutions, instead of the estimated norms applicable today and the single technological operations.
The proposals made in the "road map" and are now under consideration in минстрое.
"Replacing the traditional documentation in construction in the settlements of constructive elements should lead to less corruption in the industry," said RSL, "Vadim Solovyov."
Because now the company обсчитывается every nut and bolt, and it is not always possible to verify all the documentation, so sometimes unscrupulous construction companies can "mid fill whole tractor."
In минстрое with FAS agree.
"The first developments for the calculation of the value of the constructive elements already have: Developed methods for the calculation of prices for constructive solutions, budgeting for these indicators," "said RSL Chief of Department of" urban planning and architecture минстроя Elena Zhukova.
Selected as a pilot in the sphere of road construction.
However, experts believe that the problem is much more serious.
"The RSL told" head of a construction company, "Anatoly Профи-инвест Демьянко estimates, long outdated regulations, but the mechanism has not offered to other businesses.
"As regards the proposed settlements on the constructive elements, but in practice this is implementable, because the building has often used different technologies," he said.
It is no secret that стройрынок develops, thanks largely to the госзаказу.
According to the Chairman of the Management Board of the NP Экспертное "community" Catherine Лезиной procurement professionals, today, the state is the most effective customer.
Deputy director of the pharmaceutical industry ’ s centre of capital construction Vladimir Malakhov drew attention to the fact that today's market is nominally divided into companies that have access to a portfolio of contracts, and the company that owns монопольными competence and does not allow for this field of competitors.
He believes that the creation of a transparent market is only possible when access to contracts that Turkey will maximize the impact someone's manager.
Experts on the council was asked to form a government in such a way that one and the same performer may not receive more than one contract worth more than $1 billion rubles, or several contracts worth more than $1 billion.
In минстрое believe that this approach must be assessed from the point of view of the business impact, and effectiveness of construction management.
As explained by Elena Zhukova, in this case, you must be given of the general contractor functions, which will lead to an increase in the number of customer and budgetary expenditure on its content.
At the same time, specialists will have the knowledge to assess the quality of the work performed by contractors, as well as their safety.
Often this will be investigated to determine who will be responsible for the security of an object as a whole.
In addition, this approach may lead to an outflow of qualified participants in connection with the state in obtaining state leadership on part-time work and a small amount of the contract.
Deputy head Alexander Евсташенков procurement center экспертно-консультационного Institute, believes that the government has now turned into a business to Scor contractor.
And this example: "A participant when completing the application must indicate the" specific performance "without specifying the words" or equivalent "," should "," "," "more," "less than," "similar" "or", "type", "a similar type," "lower," "lower," "higher," "can," "may," "might," "earlier" and "not previously," "higher," "not allowed" and so on.
Thus, customers often abused their right to establish requirements for the content of applications of contractors.
Another problem, according to Евсташенкова 44-ФЗ became necessary to assess the application quality through a "paper" member of the proposal.
An application by a participant, really can be assessed only a qualified contractor, but not the quality of the work, the implementation of which is not even began cooking, "the expert said.
The quality of the works can be assessed only on their acceptance.
Experts on board was also asked to postpone a margin income from the upper echelon that had disappeared in the lower intermediate contractors.
Chairman of the Expert Council of State Secretary, espionage, FAS Andrew Цариковский believes that it is not worth doing, as responsible for the order should генподрядчик.
But otherwise, as in the famous репризе of Arkady Raikin normalises sleeping: "Пуговицам claims to have?"
Israeli children returned to school after the war in Gaza
Thousands of Israeli children in areas near Gaza again went to school on Monday after a summer spent in Da'Arias missiles and mines, where rain fell on their settlement during the 50-day war between Israel and Hamas in Gaza, while schools remained closed in the area of the globe was recovering after the war.
The school has brought a sense of joy and excitement to the southern Israeli settlements missiles, but traces of warfare remained fresh.
In the southern city of Ashdod, employees of the kindergarten "Пашош", in which a missile hit, removed traces of debris from walls and children solved before the arrival of pupils.
"We are a little bit afraid, but are happy to look into the future," said Ronit Elkabetz Bart, a resident of Кибуца Saad and English teacher at his school.
Many of the kids in our neighborhood really needs to go back to a quiet life.
Her daughter, an 11-year-old Chagny Bart, said that suddenly start to go to school again, "a bit strange".
"It was a difficult time, and we didn't come out of their houses," she said.
The president visited кибуц Реувен Brecht, which is located close to the border with the Gaza Strip to express their support.
Before the cease-fire stopped the war last week, thousands of residents of the border towns, such as Saad, not out on the street or left their homes, going to safer areas further from Gaza to escape and минометного rocket fire.
Many residents of Нахал Oz, villages close to the border with the Gaza Strip, where the Palestinian Authority to mines killed the boy was four years, doubt that they should go back.
The Ministry of Education reported that about a dozen families have still not returned.
Their children were sent to other schools at this time.
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu visited the school in Sderot, a town on the border with Gaza, which heavily постарадал from Palestinian fire.
He advised the children carefully studying and said: "We will do everything possible to give you the knowledge and to ensure your safety."
Furthermore, Israel and Hamas agreed to a truce last Tuesday.
The ceasefire agreement immediately ended combat operations, but left unresolved key issues, such as Hamas, the requirement for removal of the blockade of Gaza and the opening египто-израильской airports and sea ports in Gaza.
Israel wants Hamas folded his arms back and the bodies of two Israeli soldiers killed in the war.
It is expected that a new phase of indirect negotiations will begin later this month in Egypt.
The war killed more than 2,100 Palestinians, three-quarters of whom were civilians, and at least 494 children, according to Palestinian and United Nations.
Israel disputes those figures, and argues that, at least half of those killed were militants; despite this, he has not provided substantive evidence supporting this claim.
Have died on the Israeli side, 66 soldiers and six civilians, including one Thai worker.
During the fighting Hamas and other militants in Gaza launched rockets and landmines 4591 unit at Israeli towns, mainly in the south of the country.
The Israeli army, meanwhile, has conducted more than 5,000 aerial and other attacks.
As a result of the Israeli attacks have been damaged and destroyed thousands of homes in Gaza, and an estimated 250,000 people have found refuge in more than 100 schools, which had been converted into shelters.
Due to the fact that tens of thousands of people were still in shelters, and the fighting continued, the officials responsible for education, last week delayed the academic year.
"I hope that the school will open soon, so that we can complete our education, as well as children around the world and Jewish children," said Mohammad Amara, a 13-year-old boy, who now lives in one of the schools in Gaza.
According to the criterion of popular real estate prices have shown the greatest winter growth for seven years.
RP Data CoreLogic home price index for Hedonic Australian house prices in the capital rose by 1.1 per cent in August, reported to RP data on Monday.
This growth has led to an increase in June, July and August to 4.2 per cent, the big increase in the winter months since 2007.
Annual growth was 10.9 percent, more than twice faster than growth in the 12 months to August 2013, but the increase was not evenly distributed across the country.
RP Data research director Tim Lawless, said Sydney and Melbourne lead two-level market.
RP Data figures show that house prices in Sydney rose 16.1 percent last year, while in Melbourne, at 11.7 percent.
In the power markets were Брисбейн, Darwin and Adelaide, where prices on average rose from five to six per cent.
At the other end of the scale was in Canberra, which were all over government spending cuts, where prices rose just 1.4 per cent for the year.
Mr Lawless said that now, when spring, there will be an increase in the number of properties for sale in the next few months, which would be "a real test" to the market.
"Given the current high level of speed auction sales, a high velocity sales and current conditions with a low interest rate, it is likely that the cost of housing will increase further over the next three months," he said.
As people live in a very old house plants
In the former home of gold and горнозаводчиков Евдокима and his son Ivan Демидова on October Revolution 57 / 1 (former Big Kazan) 18 apartments.
The house since the 18th century building is not changed, if not considered ветхость.
Strangers here, as people go on tour, and residents are suffering more than delighted, from his privilege - the right to live in a house whose walls старейшем Ufa, remember commander Alexander Suvorov.
Date buildings house amongst others, historians point to the two dates - 1730 and 1737.
But in any case, it turns out that the nearly 300 years.
The old yard, always open the door, the squeaky staircase.
Doors in the apartments are located near each other, chair covers were cracked, walls and peeling plaster просветы places visible from the street.
It seems that everything rests on honest word.
But local residents are told: "You don't think it is."
Live in a wooden house in the 18th century is very difficult, "says Tatiana (1961, a resident of apartment # 3.
The object is on the money, but on him госохране content not allocated tens of years, and we feel museum exhibits, about whom the authorities simply forgot.
The last renovation was 40 years ago.
The wall is still performing well, though with great difficulties, but the foundation of the entire прогнил.
Many residents still go to the toilet on the street, and моются once a week in a public bath.
How can we be content in such conditions?
The road passes directly under the windows, even a pedestrian zone.
Tatiana curtain will put off.
Now see what before was only heard it: Under the windows of the vehicles.
You see, glass дребезжат constantly, can't open a window, and become accustomed to the noise.
All the same, one gets used to the good and bad.
Our apartment is still a top, thanks to her husband, he has golden hands.
Moreover, we have two rooms, three of them live with her son.
But for other families, the conditions are much worse on the second floor, the ceilings in a little more than one and a half metres tall.
In contrast to Tatiana offers guests the roommate out of the apartment, No. 6 Lyudmila Старостиной.
Us woman with threshold offers up a cup of coffee and with a sad smile said:
We have a one-bedroom apartment, 14.5 m ² for four people, and we live with my husband and daughter, with her granddaughter.
I've been here from the birth of another housing was never, "Lyudmila обводит eyes 3028-IV room: Sofa, two of the letter" g "; one of them was granddaughter with a laptop.
Very closely and differs little from a domestic interior: Only the beautiful ceilings, "historical."
But the ceiling is regularly flows: Tap system doesn't work.
Lyudmila said about his apartment and amazing at the same time, simply as an Italian house, which stands on the Roman ruins.
They have brought in one very old and recent, everyday and legendary:
Water spent about 40 years ago during the last repair.
Then we had a tiny kitchen and bathroom in закутке from former self-struggles.
We live in a time where квартировал Demidov family who lived on the second floor of the servant.
Our apartment didn't privatized, and why?
The median real estate, the privatization of meaning.
Still only get apartment, can't apply for more.
Already four months ago, promised us расселить promises, but then it doesn't matter.
Not used to complain and I'm not.
In this apartment (bedroom!) lived a whole dynasty: My grandparents, mum and dad, I'm with my husband and my daughter, with her granddaughter.
Things happened during that time.
For example, doorbell rats ran in the kitchen.
Look at the walls, they флигеля one-meter wide thickness.
The solution, they say, he was involved in the eggs, so long rests.
They built the house, thank Демидовым!
Perhaps only as long as no one is killed, or a crumbling battlement сваей ceiling.
Only building still slowly dying in front of us on the boards, and the logs, floors are rotting house repeatedly failed, we are pouring cement, but all it takes is a solution to the earth, as well.
They say, and so is the concealed under our bathroom лаз and move to the river White, who had once lived here, the old Believers to hide from danger, in which case....
They also pursued.
Lyudmila Allard said to him came as a historian, he begged, he began to shoot in the flat excavations.
But then urged to give them the house in exchange for its однушку prospectus in October.
Lyudmila historian refused:
Where are we in однушку over?
And here is a little tiny hope that will give housing.
We agree on the exchange, would not have won.
However, the family Старостиных nothing won.
The biggest dream Ludmila, their daughter, and one 16-year-old расселили with his granddaughter gave a separate room.
Then there are the two families have identified two-room apartment instead of the majestic ruins, in which two generations living now.
Pretty girl, and Olesya Карсакова apartments from No. 11 and 12 shows the second floor of the house.
There squeezed in two cramped totaling 23 m ², referred to as apartments, lives with her large family.
We just seven people, two children.
See for yourself what kind of conditions.
Your butt falls off pieces of plaster and window frames, the walls in the kitchen, and the cross-cutting holes.
The water in the кране only cold year round.
Walking about the apartments in the old house, so you can be sure that all the more fortunate spouses Lavrentyev apartment No. 4.
They occupy the most spacious rooms of the first floor.
You are right, a lot of places.
In the 75 square, directed three man.
We live in those rooms, where legend has it stopped Suvorov during his stay in Ufa, the head of the family, "said Aleksandr Dmitrievich Lavrentyev.
High ceilings, spacious.
One bad - all around the train wreck that is collapsing, falling apart at the seams.
Neighbors probably already told him.
Most of us suffering with floors, wooden planks сгнили literally went out of the legs.
I put подпорки, wedges; in the hall still nothing, and go to another room, like in a seesaw качаемся, so all of you.
The merchant's house Евдокима Демидова Aleksandr Dmitrievich can tell you better than any guide.
Золотопромышленнику refers to the native, speaks of it with admiration.
Indeed, the personality and the owner was fantastic: Кагинского Узянского plants built houses, отливал guns and bells, kept a Romani mines.
Merchants take pride in an ancestor of real estate heirs, but live under one roof with history no longer want.
I am settled here, even as a child, in the 1940s, the 20th century, "said Aleksandr Dmitrievich.
Then, standing around a wooden barn, and accommodations for карет sentry boxes, subsequently снесенные.
In 1968, wanted to remove, and our home, but something prevented.
The same story was repeated again in 2014: Поманили new housing.
We, as a team, gathered all the necessary documents, обегали instance, and suddenly learned that moving into apartments in 2015 or 2016.
Something already doesn't believe in all this.
Two years ago, Lavrentyev went to the Ministry of Culture in the Republic of Bashkortostan, to learn the fate of their homes.
Officials of the occupier was not accepted.
Sent from one desk to another, but then, as mockery, given without signing a piece of paper and printing: "The Ministry of Culture is not objecting to the resettlement of tenants."
Even though I have a feeling that our house has long been the city's first plan, because he was under the number 57, then became 57 A, now 57 / 1.
As if it was demolished in the 1970s.
"A planet" turned to the head of the User management sector median land Vladimir Барабашу.
A house on the street of the October Revolution, 57 / 1 is included in the resettlement programme for the old housing.
I can't be responsible for the actions of officials in the 1970s, only know that at the time there was a plan for the demolition of old buildings, despite the historical significance.
Fortunately, this has not happened, and the current government is to restore the old house on the street of the October Revolution, representing architectural value, "successfully.
Residents soon расселить planned for new apartments.
According to Барабаша, House will restore Демидова Italian experts who participated in the restoration of buildings in Venice.
Italy is now in the Biennale, and architectural project "Old Ufa" presented there, among others.
I hope that by 2016 all former Old Street Kazan will best Western Hotel Tigra was renovated, "said the official.
Home will look like a proper, who was earlier, three centuries ago.
Демидова house, is likely to become a museum, open to all comers.
In addition, at ministerial level the decision make pedestrian street at the weekend.
On weekdays, unfortunately, didn't get too much workload of roads in the city.
People from the future museum расселить Vladimir Барабаш promises in 2015.
However, it is unlikely that they will be happy with their new apartments will be of the same area, and that the current.
Only from another era.
In Primorye thunderstorms began because a wildfire
The storm was causing dry forest fire at the personnel of the brave Охотничьего Пожарском Primorsky Krai region.
In place of ignition is building up its forces and resources.
According to the "39th" Commerce leadership КГСБУ preferences, on the place of fire conditions require bringing aviation forces.
Vasily Medvedev, deputy head of the base:
The fire caused by the difficult terrain, летчик-наблюдатель found aboard the patrol aircraft An-2 overhaul had been launched on 3 hectares.
Burning wood, remnants of the old горельнике.
Strong захламленность territory and the slope of more than 45 degrees, the lack of suitable for landing sites pose significant десантников-пожарных difficulties in extinguishing.
The Mi-8 helicopter is needed.
Delivery of power available at the disposal of the base Mi-2 helicopter and plane An-2 overhaul had been launched so difficult.
After extinguishing the fire detection were promptly planted 4 парашютиста-пожарных.
The main task of the specialists and the fire-fighting is a platform for the delivery of additional forces and resources.
In the lunch area in the village of Hunting helicopter delivered an additional 3 десантника-пожарных.
Once a playground for landing a helicopter in the area of the fire will be ready and will we now stand at the fight, according to the website of the Primorye administration.
Lenny Henry: My father ever hugging me.
Never say: "I love you"
Henry was one of seven children, born into a family of immigrants from Jamaica in Dudley in Мидлендс in 1958.
His father, who died when Henry was 19, he worked in a factory, and their relationship has been limited.
Henry preparing comedy, "Редкие records Rudi," which is partially based on imaginary conversations with his father and grew out of a series of programmes on Radio 4.
The soundtrack is a mix of melody and rap, and 199.4 жизнерадостны ".
However, Henry had to get through some difficult memories of childhood.
After the death of his mother was "a lot" of treatment, in addition, Henry often mused about the relationship with his father.
He was very inaccessible.
You never saw his face, you only hear his voice: "Don't make noise.
Отстань dated sisters.
Шевелись!
I want to watch the cricket.
My older brothers, Seymour and Hilton, who were older, when I was a child, walked with him in the pub and talk about such things as the shape of its teeth, the beauty of the strike.
I haven't talked with him.
He was the guy in the corner неулыбчивым, who read a newspaper for most of my life.
Henry recently opened литейную studio in Dudley and, although conditions were better than in the days of his father, he was able to look at what must have been his life.
Now there's a little bit better, but it's a dark, deep, have дымные netherworld with outbreaks of fire and smoke and a bunch of soot.
My father залезал in a bathtub and just lay there, and you have heard, as he slowly begins to sing about himself, because he wanted the отмыться mould from the studio.
When I came back, I realised that he was doing this for years and years, to earn money for us, and I began to appreciate it more.
Nevertheless, Henry came from a childhood devoid of parental love.
My father had never cuddled, never said, "I love you."
It was only when her mother became ill at the very end of her life, we started to talk: "I love you, I love you, I love you.
The birth of her own daughter, Billy, from Don French, allowed him to share the love with which he lacked in childhood.
You can stop it, "I love you"?
Just don't hug me!
Dad, I'm 22!
With Dawn French.
Why would I not be friends with her?
She's a great mother
They are still great friends with the French, to whom he was married for 25 years.
Don is a good man.
Why would I not be friends with Don?
She's a great mom.
Henry was the mother of the diabetes.
He was the one that killed her.
So, when I was very, very recovered and I had symptoms of diabetes, and my doctor said, "You need to take drastic measures.
Then I began serious training фитенсом, and I also had to sit on a strict diet to get rid of the symptoms.
It is very difficult.
And that's boring.
Nobody eats carrots.
The career trajectories of Henry reflected, perhaps, in his noble, briefly подстриженной beard.
Since then, he has received recognition from critics for his Othello, he completely immersed in theatre.
"Комедия errors followed, and then a" guest "Огаста Wilson.
This work is different from sitcoms and comedies that were неотъемлимым attribute his busy professional life.
He started his career, when he was 16 and had worked at the factory.
Deejay remarked as he parodies on the stage, and wrote about it in "new faces."
His career in television began in the mid seventies: "Quite a long time I was the only black пародистом / first on television."
He learned on the job.
I not only had to grow in the eyes of the public, I had to learn how to be an effective vehicle for delivering jokes between 1975 and 1985, being a star, working on TV, and it was very hard.
Lenny in the 'New faces "in 1975
As his manager had the rights to the show, "Black and white minstrels," light entertainment program, in which people "чернили themselves face," Henry found that acting in it for five years.
My family is a very disliked.
I was, like, I want to make sure this never happened to me, but I don't regret that did it.
Although it was strange, worthy of condemnation, I worked on large sites and was working with the crowd.
But the fact that it was "all light entertainment awards classics on British television for years and years," was "grotesque" and the black people. "
Introducing characters who were abusive to black culture in the UK, and her perfume, Henry worked in alternative комедийном project in the 1980s.
The first season of "Lenny Henry Show," broadcast in 1984, and in the 1990s he was known as, among other things, the chef Гэрет Блэклок from the comedy series "Biased."
Commercials, documentaries, television series and roles in films took the following ten years of his life, but after his show on the BBC in 2008, "LennyHenry.tv," he thought, "what are you going to do next, Len, because some think you're тянешь time or quietly сворачиваешь aside."
Next was a series of documentary broadcasts on Radio 4 called "What's good for...?"
The first was about Шекспире.
I was allergic to Shakespeare.
I cannot say that I have been taught this at school, sensibly, and I think that it is, in many ways, the prerogative of white middle-class people with колготками and cabbage downstairs in front.
So I was very afraid of him.
All of those we accepted interviews for transmission, Peter Hall, Trevor Nunn, Adrian Lester, Judy Денч said: "You need to try.
It's not ругай as long as you don't know what you are talking about.
Произнеси aloud some of these words, and you will understand why we all love Shakespeare.
Henry read 20 rows last monologue from Othello for the documentary, and his зацепило.
I had the feeling that I can do it.
It's like my head выправили.
"That's what it is, this is a serious case, Treat seriously, spacious, its text, dripping a little research.
So, the process of rehearsal was tough, and I read this play for months and months before we got her.
And it was a success.
It seemed that they were waiting for a disaster, but it has not happened.
We soon started Комедию "mistakes."
Suddenly I was at the National Theatre, and I just couldn't believe it until the end.
There was one moment when I thought, "Oh, you have changed."
The technical problem arose, and Henry felt instinctively that his case - to entertain the audience.
"The Pacific voice inside me said: 'You have to work for 10 minutes, until they are computer operations."
Instead, the assistant director, announced that the representation will resume as soon as the problem will be solved.
I walked away from the scene and something in me said, "Oh, thank God."
It's not my responsibility.
I can't let someone else deal with it.
"You're playing in the play, stay in the role."
In "Henry in the theater Дачесс заборах."
Learn the "Заборов" was difficult.
Panic is quite useful, she strengthens muscle.
It was good, too, so it was like a sign showing: "Here's what you need to do."
He says it is, of course, Громовым voice.
So I держусь this.
I really love it.
I love being in the репетиционном hall.
By the way, Henry is still thinking comedian - all the way our conversation перебивают flashes of his humour, but when he starts, it finishes to parody.
I just decided not to work in стендапе, because this thing with instant gratification from a room full of strangers, I think, quite dangerous.
If you want to do all the time, this can lead to a standstill.
I sometimes work in "Прямом broadcast in Apollo, when I want, but, in the main, I don't get so much pleasure as before.
I ask whether he would give стендапа tour ever.
The joy of sitting in a room with a director who helps shape the beginning, the middle and the end of the road - I don't think that will ever willingly withdraw from it.
This is his new incarnation?
I think so.
I like to be an actor.
It's pretty fun.
You always tell a story, and here is a great place for this.
I love history.
People love stories.
Kenya registers public officials to identify "работников-невидимок."
Kenya began биометрическую registration of all government employees in an attempt to remove "работников-невидимок payment statements" from the government.
Employees, who are not registered in the next two weeks, will no longer pay, according to a government statement.
The government suspects that thousands of people continue to receive salaries after leaving public service.
President Ухуру Кениата promised to cut corruption in government agencies after it came to power in 2013.
An audit earlier this year found that at least $1 million (£700,000) a month disappears through payments "работникам-невидимкам" and other financial irregularities.
The government suspects that wages continue to act on bank accounts, even after a person dies or leaves public service, reports the BBC reporter Ваньяма Чебусири from the capital, Nairobi.
All public servants should come in the next two weeks to identification centers in order to ensure that their data will be collected by the biometrical registration procedures, according to a government statement.
Anyone who does not do this without a valid reason, will be erased from the payment schedules, according to him.
"This procedure will contribute significantly streamline the civil service, identifying the actual number of public servants, and will also be used to purify the billing statement on both levels of government - hence, end the problem of" работников-невидимок, "said Ann Вайгуру, Cabinet Secretary planning and structuring of power.
Dozens of Turkish police officers arrested in connection with a "plot" against the government
Only 33 police officers were detained in Turkey on suspicion of "conspiring against the government," according to local news agencies.
Police officials did not immediately comment on this information.
Among the detainees were 14 senior officers, according to the Daily News.
Some of them last December have participated in events to identify corruption, which was sent to check on government employees, including four government ministers.
In July, a few Turkish police officers were arrested on suspicion of an organized criminal group, and listening to the phone.
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan (who at the time was prime minister) determined their actions as part of the measures taken against him and others now in power, Islamic клириком Фетхуллахом Гюленом.
Not all children returned to school in Ukraine
Schools in the greater part of Ukraine again opened its doors on Monday (September 1) after the summer holidays.
This day is traditionally a big event for families and, like thousands of other parents, and Ukrainian Prime Minister Arsenii Yatseniuk took his daughter to school.
He said ожидавшим reporters that not all schools were opened again, but that he would do everything possible to protect this country for future generations:
The first ceremony was held, not in every school.
There is a peaceful sky over every part of the Ukraine.
We must fight for the peaceful sky.
The whole Ukraine, a huge single Ukrainian People's Front, must fight for the peaceful sky.
Al Pastukhov, director of schools in between, to which my daughter went to Yatseniuk Foundation, said in Russian.
We hope that peace will finally here and that children will receive the knowledge that will be useful in their future lives.
Traditionally, the first day of the study noted that children wear embroidered shirt, keeping in the hands of balloons and flowers for their teachers.
In the face of Фейрхед as, perhaps, the BBC has found such an impressive leader, who she needs
Her tail is from the world of banking, media management and internal Tory party circles.
In fact, it has its own experience of working in managerial positions.
Her career began in consulting firm Global Governance in Panama and Co, and then continued in Morgan Stanley, Bombadier, certificates and the world media in the Pearsons.
She was the head of the Financial Times for seven years, resigned when a high post in the parent company Pearson's took коллега-мужчина, a lower position.
They say that its earnings approaching £1 million.
Its political rating applications as well.
It advised David Cameron, the former head of BP Lord Browne, when he tried to bring professionals from the private sector in Whitehall: She became an adviser to the Cabinet of Ministers.
Her husband, a former adviser to the Tories.
Earlier in May, I called the job of chairman of the poisoned bowl.
The BBC is not only a big and complex organisation at the heart of public life, but in its structure, there are internal paradox.
Council has two kinds: Inside as the upper level management hierarchy, but the BBC and outside as the voice of the public anxiety and excitement, when something goes wrong.
It's almost hopeless дуополия, which requires a complete radical reform.
But what the new chairman will be to risk come растаптывая and destroying the institution is as complicated as the Chinese dynasty, if he would work himself in the process.
This is a difficult decision.
It was not so difficult, many people will be glad to see the BBC reduced in size, "after a review of its powers and status.
As competitors circle, and new providers challenge cosy old habits, and the inevitable negotiation about the value of the licenses, represent a special danger for the BBC.
For the modest sum of £145,50 per year the British gain share in, specifically, the greatest media company in the world.
BBC tells a good story: She says that the results of its work to cover 96 per cent of households, and each of them cost just 40p a day.
Furthermore, it is obvious that the Beeb's popularity is rising: 53 percent support it today, against 31 per cent 10 years ago.
View the use of the model and the BBC have changed: I now get news headlines on a mobile phone and watch programmes on iPlayer missed.
But she remains very popular and substantial institution.
He needs an impressive chairman - and I hope they find him.
Perry of Texas says that humiliating production was written by stranger
Production from any account of the governor of Texas Republican Rick Perry on Sunday night contained offensive image of the Democratic district attorney, which is at the center of a criminal prosecution, on charges of abuse of power.
Production was later removed, and followed him yet another account with Perry, in which this record was дезавуирована.
Just from my account was published production written by someone who was a stranger.
"I don't approve of this production, and I pulled it," according to a later entry.
Perry's aides did not immediately respond to messages requesting comment.
While the recordings were loaded with any account Perry, it was unclear who was actually involved in the publication of the tape.
Earlier production contained нелестную caricature on District Attorney Travis Розмэри Лемберг, which admitted in guilty for driving intoxicated in April 2013.
Perry imposed a ban on funding for her office when she refused to resign, which led to a grand jury hearing in Austin this month against Perry, which is a potential candidate for the 2016 presidential election.
Signature & then glew [sic] in states: "I don't always drive my car in a state of intoxication, 3 times exceed the permissible level of alcohol in his blood, but when I do I claim allegations against Governor Perry for what he tells me about this."
I drunk the Democrat in Texas.
Agency Лемберг not led an investigation involving a large jury against Perry.
It was Michael Маккрум, a special prosecutor from San Antonio who was appointed судьей-республиканцем.
Perry has not pleaded guilty and called the accusations a political twist.
His powerful legal team asked the judge leading the case, to dismiss the indictment, arguing that the law used to prosecute the governor, calling their responsibilities for the longest in the history of Texas, opporunities, which is contrary to the Constitution.
Perry stopped funding by $7.5 million from the state media reported public control of the State, which is based in the District, Travis and persecution of corruption in the public sector, when Texas Лемберг refused to resign.
The veto triggered an official complaint from the group of public control, with left-wing views.
The account of any Perry frequently updated - and sometimes becomes famous.
The Congress Party came fifth in Iowa during his presidential campaign in 2012, Perry responded to rumors that he might withdraw from the game, by posting a photograph of himself with a production run near the lake, and the words: "Here we are, South Carolina!"
Berkeley says that the property market back to "normalcy"
One of the most prominent developers in London, warned that the real estate market in the South East of England "returned" to normal levels of activity.
Homes in the capital were the subject of buoyant demand and rapidly rising prices, while widely spread fears that the credit bubble will push the Bank of England to set limits on mortgage loans in June.
Tony Пиджли, Founder and Chairman of the elite Berkeley, a construction company, on Monday said: "Since the beginning of the current financial year, the market returned to normal levels of transactions, with a peak in 2013," adding that it provided "a stable working environment."
London real estate market flourished during the downturn as foreign buyers gathered in the capital.
Prices in the city have soared by 18.5 percent in the last year alone, according to the Land inventory, significantly trailing the average of 6.7 per cent across England and Wales as a whole.
The average market prices in the private, affordable and student schemes Berkeley rose by about a fifth in the past year, reaching £423000 in late April.
However, the strengthening of the pound in recent months has made London property less attractive to foreign buyers, some of whom also stopped the imposition of new taxes on property and political rhetoric around potential "mansions tax" before the general election next May.
The London estate agency Foxtons last week had warned that reform of the mortgage market in April, which were introduced more stringent conditions of the loan, and would involve the reduction of market growth in both property sales transactions and prices during the second half of the year.
Fresh data from the Bank of England on Monday showed the number of mortgages approved in June, suggesting further cooling in the housing market.
Hamptons International, another real estate agency, cut its growth forecast for London property prices for 2015 to 3 percent on the basis that the spirit of real estate prices already began to weaken.
Transaction volumes, meanwhile, fell by a quarter compared with the previous year, in the most expensive areas of London, such as Kensington and Chelsea, Мэйфэр, according to agency WA Ellis.
Nevertheless, demand for homes in the capital turned out to be very profitable for Berkeley, sales volumes on the amount above £2.2 billion.
Mr. Пиджли added: "The demand for the goods with good design and the best location has remained the same and, reflecting this, sales at the time survived."
In June, the company announced that it sold 3742 new homes in the year to the end of April - almost a third more than in the pre-crisis peak in 2007.
Annual profit before tax rose by 40 per cent compared with the previous year to £380 million, up 18 per cent to £1.6 billion.
Swearing on Monday before the company's annual meeting, Mr. Пиджли reported that revenue projections for this year's Berkeley will conform to current market expectations.
According to the unanimous opinion analysts expected full-year profit before tax of £450 million.
Shares in Berkeley has cost £23,96 during the second half of the day on the London Stock Exchange.
Nude photos of Jennifer Lawrence were published on the internet
Jennifer Lawrence arrives at the annual awards ceremony 85-ую ceremony of the American Film Academy.
Nude photos of actress Jennifer Lawrence, a Locus Award, an Oscar, were uploaded to a hacker, who insists he has "catalog" photos of another 100 rising stars.
"Games" stars Голодных spokesman confirmed that the photos of Lawrence, and denounced hacker for "an insulting invasion of personal space."
Received treatment in law enforcement, and that they will prosecute anyone who publishes the stolen photos of Jennifer Lawrence.
Photographs, which were originally built on the photo sharing website 4chan allegedly were obtained due to a lack of system онлайн-хранения Apple notified and the "catalogue" of hacking victims include the names of the dozen женщин-знаменитостей, including Рианны effect, Kim, Mary Elizabeth Уинстед Мэри-Кейт and Olsen, according to BuzzFeed.
It is unclear how many of these photos are the real star, though, "Scott Пилигрима against all" Уинстед in Twitter also condemned the hacking.
"Anyone who looks at the photographs that we made with her husband a few years ago, retreating at home," I hope you're proud of yourself, "wrote Уинстед on Twitter.
However, Victoria Justice of Nickolodeon series "iCarly" and "Виктория-победительница" denied that the photos, writing on Twitter: "These so-called naked photo of me, people.
I let it in the bud остановлю pun intentional). * * * * * * * * * * * * * *.
BuzzFeed reported on Sunday that the pop Арианы Grande denied that the pictures, in which, presumably, she was genuine.
An exclusive excerpt from the new novel about love and Howard Джейкобсона letter "J," which critics' praise
Weirdest thing about it, the best way to say it, they gradually разваливались as cardboard box, which was left in the rain.
But sometimes a woman told him that he was too serious, hard, tough, and maybe a little раздражительный.
And then she пожимала his hand.
He saw in his irritability.
He was колючим like hair, yes.
The last victim was a small колючести this novel, from which he waited longer than usual, getting rid of lonely and boring life, and perhaps even some satisfaction.
Эйлинн Соломонз was pulsating with взлохмаченными fragile beautiful hair and трепещущим heart of northern island village, even more remote and harsh than Port Ройбен.
She came to the south with the master, which Кеверн believed her aunt, while the latter was in a house in crude, but the joyous paradise Valley under the name "Райская Valley."
No one lived in the house for several years.
Trickling pipes, sat motionless in the bathtub, and left their traces слизни spiders on all the windows, confident that the house belongs to them; зарос garden weeds, like giant кочаны cabbage.
It was like a cottage from the children ’ s books, simultaneously frightening and enchanting, with a garden full of secrets.
Opinion of the author: Howard Джейкобсон, whose novel "J" is included in the лонг-лист Букеровской premiums in 2014.
The shortlist will be announced next week
Кеверн Эйлинн and sat holding hands, broken sun loungers in the high grass, enjoying surprisingly warm spring day; they both "connected to your console, which provided cheap country music and appeasing 3-zmianowy news, when, glancing at her brown crossed his legs, and he remembered the old song long forgotten black performer, whom he loved listening to his father, and the curtains in the house.
You have big feet too.
Because of the inherent aggressiveness, the type of songs to the console will no longer lose.
They were not banned - nothing, in fact, not been forbidden - just don't lose them.
They have become, as the very word архаичными "archaic."
Public taste did what would never have achieved orders and injunctions, and as people choose among books of memoirs rich, staying in poverty, cookbooks and love the novels, of all the music they chose ballads.
This happens during the day, and began playing the piano Кеверн ideation and rough comic voice praise Эйлинн big feet.
Эйлинн not understood.
"If this was a popular jazz pianist named Фэтс Уоллер," he told her, automatically placing two fingers to his lips.
So did his father to stop the letter "J" before she слетит with his lips.
It started with a game that they played when he was little.
His father played in it with his father, as he told him.
Start with "J" word, forgetting put two fingers to his mouth, and it will cost you, penny.
It was not a very funny game then, and it was not very fun right now.
He knew that from him for this, that's all.
He had to explain what is jazz.
Эйлинн never heard.
Jazz is playing, even though he was not explicitly prohibited.
Improvisation went out of fashion.
In life, there is only one place "if."
When the music started, people wanted to know exactly where it will end.
With wit in exactly the same way.
It was the unpredictability of people's nerves.
But jazz was wit, marked by music.
Although he has reached the age of 10 years, never слышав about Sammy Дэвисе Младшем Кеверн, knew about jazz from the paternal полусекретной коллеции CDs.
But at least he did not have to speak Эйлинн that Фэтс Уоллер was black.
Given her age, she could hardly remember a time when popular singers were not black.
Again, no laws or pressure.
Society was docile, and this meant that everyone agreed his segment with gratitude - the gratitude of those spared destiny, "with the principle of group predispositions.
People афро-карибского origin in temperament and physical characteristics suitable for the good of sport and entertainment, and they sang and ran.
Natives of Indian sub-continent, as if by nature talented in everything that concerned for electronics, so that no family is left without a working phone number online.
What is left of the Polish diaspora, delivered by сантехническими works; what is left of the Greek dishes should be.
Originating from the Persian Gulf and the bank, whose grandfathers were not quickly leave the country when DO THAT happened, IF ВООБЩЕ happened happened, for fear that they were accused of inciting the flame, strictly speaking, in fear that the fire will absorb their following, have opened restaurants with лабне and not from some people and yearned.
Each according to his abilities.
As she had heard only ballads Эйлинн was difficult to understand how offensive words, who had just sung her Кеверн, could be set to music.
Music is an expression of love.
"They are not really offensive," said Кеверн.
Except, maybe, for people who have great legs.
My father never offended anybody, but he loved this song.
He said too much, but launched a garden gave him the illusion of security.
No word could not penetrate the soundproofing giant leaves, or the like.
Эйлинн still did not understand.
Like your father could love this?
He wanted to say that this is a joke, but he didn't want her with two fingers to his lips again прижимать.
She already thought it strange.
"It was funny," he said instead.
She shook her head incredulously, banning Кеверну review.
The whole world was nothing but копны иссиня-черных her hair.
Nothing, that he would like to watch.
"Well, if you say so," she said, remaining in her opinion.
But this still does not explain why I sing it.
She seemed really upset.
My legs are too big?
He looked at them again.
You cannot say no.
Ankles, maybe a little bit.
And you say you hate me because my ankles are too thick?
I hate you?
Of course, I don't hate you.
It's just this stupid song.
He could say: "I love you," but it was too early.
"I like you very much because you have thick ankles", tried to say he instead.
I have such a travesty.
It was wrong.
He wanted it to be funny.
Attempts by the joke often made him awkward situation, because, like his father, he was missing the soothing charm that could mitigate the cruelty, крывшуюся? Jokes in.
Maybe his father wanted to be cruel.
Maybe he wanted to Кеверн.
Despite the good eye.
She blushed and Эйлинн Соломонз stood up to push the console and Strait опрокинув wine that they drank.
The wine's intoxication, so that he could not serve as an excuse.
In his excitement, she seemed lighter as пальмовые leaves in a weather system.
"And you, I like you very much because you have a stupid head," she said.
Although not like you very much.
He was feeling sorry for her because of the excessive brutality of his words, and because of the fear that appeared in her eyes when she gave him.
Whether she thought that he hit her?
She has not talked to him about life in the cold of the northern archipelago, where she grew up, but he had no doubt that, in a fundamental sense, she was similar to здешнюю.
The same huge icy ocean struck on both of them.
The same man, and even more sensitive and capricious after that happened, IF ВООБЩЕ happened than their ancestors, smugglers and разрушители, shopped in fury from pub to pub, ready to raise a hand on any woman, посмевшую denying them or upset them.
Stupid head?
They would have shown her a fist, if she was not cautious.
Would be first kissed, kiss now became the most common erotic expression of irritation between a man and a woman; an antidote from fresh ballads, too, that the first kiss - Google her, and then hit.
Excessive clarification, according to Кеверна because the kiss itself was already DVD films.
Эйлинн Соломонз case showed that he needs to leave.
He got up from the push, like an old man.
She herself felt the lead weight, but the weight of his grief surprised her.
This was not the end of the world.
They barely knew each other.
She looked, as he goes from an upper window and looked, as he leaves, her companion, the man himself to endure взваливший.
Adam, the outgoing garden, she thought.
She felt a stab of sympathy towards him and men in general, even though some of them and raised her hand.
The man, from the pulpit, with отвернувшийся back пристыженный knight, the ability to fight left him - why she felt she knew so well, if she could not recall a single case, until today, when she saw this?
One Эйлинн Соломонз again looked at his feet.
In the twenty years prior to the above events or so Эсме Нуссбаум, an intelligent and energetic 32-летняя исследовательница who worked in "Офнау" informal service control over Community mood, has prepared a report on the low and medium levels of violence in most parts of the country, where it was expected that it will be reduced, if not lifted entirely, given the money and power, which were allocated to its eradication.
"A lot was done, and a lot is being done," she wrote, "in order to allay врожденную aggressiveness of people who fought in a war and won most of them, especially among these спутанных branches and narrow расселин terrain, where, despite the insulation изгородями spires on churches, gentle breathing human kindness was rarely in history.
However, some quality, it turns out, неискоренимы.
The higher the spire, it would seem, the низменнее those passions that he зарождает.
People shed sentimental tears over a skipping, drinking stories about преодоленных obstacles and announces its overheated belief in the virtue of marriage and family life, but not only the old rudeness retains its strong grip as in rural communities and in urban settlements, but there is evidence that glare and a vile задиристость in homes, in the workplace, on roads and even in playgrounds.
"You have a habit of writing досадная too much," said her supervisor, having read the report as a whole.
It seems to me that you should read shorter novels.
Эсме Нуссбаум lowered her head.
I must also ask you: You атеистка?
"I think that is not obliged to answer," replied Эсме Нуссбаум.
You lesbian?
Эсме again insisted on his right to privacy and silence.
A feminist?
Again, silence.
"I ask," said Luther Рабиновиц finally, "not because I am against atheism, лесбийства or feminism.
There is no prejudice.
We are the servants of society without prejudice.
But some kinds of hypersensitivity, absolutely reasonable and a good in themselves, they may sometimes distort the results, such as, for example, those that you showed me.
It is obvious that you yourself предубеждены against the church, and what you call "malevolent" and "rude", others would be interpreted as an expression of natural and healthy.
Continue нудеть about THAT, IN THE ВООБЩЕ happened, as if it happened, if it happened yesterday, it means depriving the country needed her life force.
Эсме Нуссбаум огляделась laterally until Рабиновиц said.
Over his head, as well as pink comfort letters led repeated advice that "Офнау gave the country" the last quarter of a century or more.
His neighbour, value their улыбайся spouse, listen to ballads, we walk, talk on the phone, talk, listen, fairytale city, соглашайся, извиняйся.
The conversation is better than silence, word of the song better than the written word, but there is nothing better than love.
"I fully understand that you want to say," quietly replied Эсме Нуссбаум, when satisfied that her supervisor had finished talking, "and I don't want to say anything, except that he was not as effective as we convince ourselves.
I am worried about is that if we do not we are ready, we will find that repeat mistakes that initially led to ТОМУ ВООБЩЕ IF THAT happened, happened.
Only this time we выбросим their anger and distrust, not on others.
Luther Рабиновиц joined finger-tips in the sitting.
That gesture was supposed to mean an infinite patience.
"You go too far," he said, "calling" mistakes "actions that made or not made our grandfathers.
You go too far and when talking about what they threw away their "anger" and "mistrust" in the "other."
In your place, people should not need since then about the fact that, in the past, but it is currently defending, we're not talking about "us" and "them."
There was no "us" and no "other."
It was the time of the disorder - and that's all that we know.
"For which, to be honest with ourselves," ventured Эсме insert, "neither part of society may well justify themselves.
I am not accusing anyone.
Whether it was good or bad, what is done is done.
Then it was back then.
Nothing to say - and here we agree.
And how not to blame anybody, we should not make excuses, and, if that was appropriate, or if it was something you can fix.
But why, if not to learn "
Past Update to ensure that we have forgotten.
If I can add to that one word -
Luther's Great Pyramid Рабиновица collapsed.
"I'll review your report," he said, and dismissed her.
The next day, on the way to work, she knocked off a biker who rode on the sidewalk, passersby, described as "a vicious rage."
Coincidences happen.
Lesotho military says no coup planned; the prime minister remains in South Africa
Representatives of the Lesotho army denied the fact insurrection to overthrow the government, saying that they acted against the police, which is suspected of trying to arm of political fanatics.
Prime Minister Thomas Табане left the country, saying that the country's army as his official residence and seized government buildings in the capital Масеру.
The prime minister took his family in neighboring South Africa, saying he received threats on his life.
Army spokesman Major Нтлеле Нтои said that was not, in fact, a coup, but that the army has responded to the threat from "political fanatics" the police were attempting to arm.
"What happened this morning, it is that the command of the armed forces of Lesotho has taken measures, several intelligence reports that among police forces, there are some elements that really plan to equip young fanatics, some political parties who were prepared to foment chaos," he told Voice of America.
South African government spokesman Клейсон Моньела stated that the actions of the army looked like a coup.
"Although no one showed claims for the seizure of power by force, in all the actions of the armed forces, according to Lesotho at the moment are the signs of a coup," he said.
Representatives of the Lesotho army reported that the soldiers returned to their barracks in the capital on Sunday and calmly.
Meanwhile, Deputy Prime Minister Мотетжоа Метсинг runs the government in the absence of Табане.
Табане said that he believes that the assault in connection with an attempt to fight corruption in the country.
The situation is very tense in Lesotho since June when Табане suspended as a result of differences in the parliamentary session, its a unified government.
He said that his actions have not undermined the government, despite allegations otherwise.
Chelsea midfielder Marco van Гинкел will spend the coming season on loan at Milan, "said Milan Channel.
21-year-old Dutchman will arrive in Italy in the coming hours for medical examination.
Last season, he was on the field for only three of the London club.
Recall that earlier Milan leased from Liverpool striker Fernando Torres.
Manufacturing in the eurozone at its lowest indicator for 13 months
Manufacturing growth in the eurozone slowed to the lowest level in 13 months in August, according to a popular study.
The business index (PMI) for the eurozone manufacturing sector of the public fell to 50.7 in August, dropping from 51.8 in July.
The above 50 indicates growth.
New orders and business opportunity, suffered among the growing tension between the EU and Russia in connection with Ukraine.
The meeting came before the European Central Bank (ECB) on Thursday.
Markets will wait for the bank from a clear plan for how to deal with a eurozone recovery, as well as the threat of deflation, with inflation of just 0.3 per cent.
There is speculation that ECB chief Mario Draghi later this week may give further signals that he is contemplating scheme of quantitative easing in the eurozone, similar to those used by Britain and the United States during the financial crisis.
"Although some growth is better than no growth, and the braking effect of the growing economic and geopolitical uncertainties on manufacturers becomes more obvious," said Rob Dobson, senior economist at public.
The manufacturing sector PMI in Germany, a major trade partner of Russia in the EU, has fallen to the lowest level in 11 months of an increase.
In the meantime, the bloc's second-largest economy, France, the PMI fell to 46,9.
France continues to cause real concern, as well as weakening Italy from stable growth to stagnation.
Signs that growth momentum faded mostly industrial engine, Germany, as well as in Spain and the Netherlands, also adds to the confidence, "said Mr Dobson.
The industry slowdown will likely still would add fuel to the fire, analysts anticipating the introduction of additional monetary or tax-based incentives.
One positive was news from Ireland, where the PMI rose to 57.3, its highest level since the end of 1999.
Howard Арчер, chief economist at IHS Global Insight, said: "The best that can be said about the August survey index of business activity in the eurozone manufacturing sector, is that it shows that the sector is still growing."
He added: "Eurozone manufacturers, obviously, are finding life very difficult at the moment, as the current increased geopolitical tension - particularly associated with the Russia / Ukraine - adds uncertainty still difficult conditions in many countries.
This increasing tension, apparently hit by business - and especially on the confidence of consumers, and is likely to lead to the fact that some orders are delayed, or even cancelled, especially large orders.
He said that "increasingly likely" that the ECB, in the end, of course, would have to conduct some kind of quantitative easing, "although we suspect that it will be limited."
Mariupol residents living within the militia against
In Mariupol, until last week, it was all calm, nobody learn to organize Мариупольскую peasants, the city on the Sea of Azov lived and worked.
Now, residents await with horror "militia."
According to political analysts, separatists break to Мариуполю to get to Азовскому sea - was recently taken town Новоазовск, who also was not part of the self-proclaimed republics.
Мариупольцы decided that the Ukrainian army, though, and will be defending them, but she has very little power against armed representatives ДНР-ЛНР, and gathered to help the military.
They also build trenches, checkpoints and fortifications.
On Saturday night, several thousand people have arrived on the eastern border of the city, and stood there in the live circuit, singing the anthem of Ukraine.
They are going to do the same in case of attack.
Volunteers collect and carry equipment and products, collect the drugs issue, the newspaper said.
In a city gradually close shops, stop job banks and ATMs.
Ten years of hell for the survivors of the Beslan: Ten years with school children, as well as capture жуткого, who were in it, still suffer
Ten years ago, more than 1,000 people were taken hostage by Chechen rebels at a school in Beslan, in southern Russia
More than 330 people, more than half of them children, were killed during the three-day trials that shook the world
We returned to Beslan, to find some of the victims who had cheated death during the atrocities in school
Exactly ten years after the terrible Beslan school seizure, during which killed 334 people, including 186 children, heroically survived catastrophe warned yesterday evening about a new апокалипсисе in Ukraine.
When the terrorists that Islamic fanatics, captured and killed children and parents on 1 September 2004, at the beginning of the new quarter, it seemed something like extreme extent possible evil.
The tragedy united the east and west in dread of that amazing way then turned into action and hope for the future in the best conditions of grief.
Ten years later, we returned to Beslan in southern Russia, to find some of the victims who had cheated death during the atrocities in school.
We discovered the amazing young people who have trouble resisting, although memories of terrorist hell will live with them forever.
Their greatest hope?
That war, which now afflicts Ukraine, in which these same kids, as they are now.
The girl, who is trying to get back in the gym обстреливаемый
She is embedded in the picture by Russian photographer Dmitry reconstruction, when one is trying to get back to the gym after the explosion обстреливаемый mines.
Embarrassed by her mother desperately searched for Manufacturers, Ларису, who is now 40.
There were fears that they both died, but in fact they survived.
"She told me to run struggling, but I couldn't," said then.
My legs were covered in blood.
I got up and climbed back inside to find his mother.
The soldier picked up and took her to a safe place.
After the chain of operations, it is thought that fully recovered, but yesterday said: "Three months ago, the pain returned.
I'm afraid that I might need another operation.
Some debris was left in my knee.
Her goal now is to become a dentist, to help people like her have helped doctors.
"This tragedy has changed my life, but it's not, of course, поломала her," she says with a challenge.
"This happened to me, and you cannot change this fact.
Once a year, I always go to the gym, to remember all those who have stayed there.
My friends and I tried to not talk about it the other day.
The pain is too strong.
My best friend, who was to become my одноклассницей Дзера Гапоева, was murdered there.
We played together when we were young, and dreamed that go to school together.
"I don't want to get married until could finish their studies and will not work.
I'll have to think about the family later.
She says the seizure is still with her, although memories of the fade a little every year.
I'm glad that many people in the world still remember about our problems, and we are so thankful for the help we have received from people from the UK and from everywhere.
When I see a photograph on the internet, where I лезу in school window, I think that many people will see it for the first time, learn about this tragedy and will do so, this never happened.
The boy, who fled through a hail of bullets, believing that his mother is dead
It was his first day at school (the Russians are beginning to study at school in seven years), and survived for three days, his mother Тамару FLP.
When he was seven, and he said: "My mother told me to lie down, if there is an explosion, and hold her hand."
After one of the explosions, he thought that she was dying.
She told him: "Run."
Fearing that she is dead, he ran across the road and saw a crying baby, grabbed the child by the hand and ran through a hail of bullets.
His father, Vladimir, who grabbed his son outside, "said Damir told me that his mother had died.
He said: "I couldn't save her."
In fact, Tamara got out to freedom, and was in the hospital with wounds in the legs, in turn, thinking that her son was killed.
After their reunion, she said: "I cried with joy.
I couldn't believe it.
He rushed and hugged me.
Дамира later brought to London (now несуществующая newspaper News of the World), where he was awarded as Defender from Barnardo's children's fund, Prime Minister Tony Blair and his wife, Sheri.
"This horror returns to you every day, but I wish I could stop remembering him," he said yesterday.
Still, I can tell you that in my memory he guarded at night.
I remember immediately afterwards I threw all their игрушечное weapons.
But I can now play computer games with shooting, and it's not a problem for me.
"I am not afraid to return to the gym, but I didn't think about herself.
I remember those kids with whom I played in the yard, which has not escaped.
We would never say that they killed or dead.
We say that they stayed in the gym.
I remember my trip to London so well, especially in a toy shop, where they let me choose whatever I wanted, and travel in a car with an open top.
But now he is afraid for such places as Ukraine, where war causes such grief, which he survived and his friends.
This horror comes back to you every day, but I wish I could stop remembering him
"I'm so sorry to all those who suffer from these horrors," said Damir, who in the past week, doing volunteer work in a women's monastery.
I want to help.
I want to serve in the police and I hope one day that I was included in academy training over the next year.
His mother, Tamara, 48, said: "37 children, have been killed in this quarter, could you imagine?
I remember the silence immediately after their capture, there are simply no children who would have screamed and ran around and this silence lasted for many months.
She vividly remembers his trip with Дамиром in London.
In London, people cried when I told our story.
I realized then, as people on the other end of the earth can understand our feelings, can support.
She was grateful, "Sheri Blair and its fund for the award and the opportunity to go to London in the autumn of 2004.
I would like to call Sheri and simply the most to say that 10 years have passed, but I still remember meeting with her and her husband in London and how they helped Дамиру and me.
I remember when Damir wanted to eat, they rang up all the local restaurants.
I remember how he played with the waiters in the restaurant, Damir shot them from his water pistol, and they flee and played with him.
And only one month has passed since then our nightmare.
I was shocked that the British were so willing to share our grief and to support us.
She said: "I still think that this world was no better over these 10 years.
Now Ukraine is in a war, people are dying every day, and I think many children have been killed or be killed.
It's just the same as our children.
I think for many people, war is a news broadcast, that they listen to when they get bored or when they are busy with something else.
I just know that these people feel, the horror of it.
And I can't stop feeling it.
Nothing has changed, people still want to kill each other, and it's so sad.
Damir grew up and became very soft and quiet as a boy, he's quite aggressive and angry.
He is not looking for revenge, for example, he did not just fixed on it in this last nightmare.
I know that he does not like to remember it, but they are very close with six classmates, and they go to the gym from time to time and burn candles there.
When he was younger, he suffered from it - I remember he was lying on the couch and away from us.
Do not sleep, his eyes were open.
I also remember how he threw all his weapons and other military toys. Дамиру now 17, he was above me, likeable, smart and healthy.
I can hardly believe that a few hours I was so sure that he is dead and that I never see him no more.
When I was able to recover from the explosion and rose to his feet, I огляделась hell, I saw around me, when parts of bodies were lying everywhere.
I was absolutely convinced that it is not possible to my little boy could survive in this hell.
"I remember that I shouted at him:" Damir, Run, убегай, "but again I was so sure that he had not heard me.
But he heard, and ran off.
So life goes on for us, unlike so many others.
Giorgi, 17 years
The boy, whose shocking photo after capture was decisive for the Beslan tragedy
Peace: Surviving Beslan Ilyin George with his mum Фатимой after taking over in 2004, and right now Giorgi
On his bloody face was coloured by fear when he flee from death, when Chechen terrorists shot his classmates.
His photograph was one of the most shocking character barbarism in Beslan.
His mother Fatima, 54, the chief doctor, enrolled him in school in the first day of school before going to university, the eldest son, Vladimir.
"I went away for two minutes before the terrorists ran into the yard, so that my little boy was left alone on a three day nightmare," she recalled.
Not just one, there was the family of our relatives, but they were all killed.
Only because I managed to survive.
The closer the date, the harder to think and talk about it.
There is not a single day when we won't remember this tragedy.
We don't think that it was a long time ago, I think that what happened yesterday, some scenes these days all the time, right before my eyes.
No one will never forget, I promise you.
Photograph: George западает in soul (left) was one of the most shocking images of the attack and was увековечена into sculpture (right)
I remember George wanted to go to school that day, said that a teacher who wants to embrace.
I only found out that he was alive when I saw him on TV.
But now even the sculpture is crying in San Marino.
George doesn't like to look at this picture, and she was hidden in the closet at home.
I understand, but I also think that the photos of people from all around the world feel our pain.
George says now: "It is important that this never happened.
"I doubt that we ever learn the truth.
People continue to investigate this tragedy and will never know the truth.
Now they are investigating the collapse of Boeings in Ukraine.
Will we ever know what it was called?
This world is going to something very bad.
"I can't understand how it happens, because if you ask people, and nobody wants a war, because it is happening?
Ten years is nothing for this pain.
We need to have a bit of tens of years to forget it.
It has affected my health, and I still feel it.
About three or four years of nightmares because of me, but now it became better.
I returned to school later in 2004, I was very scared every day.
I thought about my friends and одноклассниках who have been killed.
That's why I continue to walk into the gym before every September 1.
I want to pay tribute to the memory of my old childhood friends.
I find it difficult to enter the gym, but I must do this.
I don't feel like a victim, this story is part of my past now.
I didn't forget about it, but I'm not feeling sorry for ourselves.
My life continues.
I graduated from high school this year and enrolled in the Medical University in Vladikavkaz.
I'll learn to become кардиохирургом.
My first choice was to go into the army.
I wanted to be the military's health, but I'm not allowed.
I want to fight for my country, but this will not happen.
Georgy Фарниев, 20 years on
The boy, who survived, despite the fact that it was at the feet of террориста-убийцы
Incredible: Georgi Фарниев was at the feet of террориста-убийцы during capture, but still he managed to survive
During his capture, he was in the gym catre sitting next to a bomb at the feet of террориста-убийцы.
Indeed, it is a miracle that he was not killed.
"It seems to us that it was yesterday," says Giorgi, who wanted to learn from the intelligence officer in the Federal Security Service (FSB), but couldn't because of the damage that was caused by his health during his capture.
It's still with me, this is not something that I left behind.
I am older now, and they say that children can easily cope with bad events, I must say that this is not true.
"In 2006 I worked with psychologists, and I felt a bit better after that, but I can't forget it.
But I'd like to forget.
In 2005, the next year - was the first and last time, when I went into the gym again.
I lost consciousness.
I would never go there again, and, please, don't ask me to show, where I sat on this famous photograph.
Person left alive: George Фарниев today with an open laptop on a photograph of herself in hospital after seizure
My pain is enormous, and I carry it with me every day.
My friends know that I don't like to think about it or talk about it, and they never asked me about my school.
With regard to the physical condition, and I'm healthy.
I need to be cautious with the knee, which was damaged, but now I'm okay.
But health is not allowed me to go to study at the Academy of the Federal Security Service (FSB) in St. Petersburg, as I wanted to.
I sent my documents, including the medical findings, and they replied that this is impossible.
My second passion was animals, so I went to the veterinary institute.
I studied there for two years.
He learns to treat all animals, from cats to cows. "
He said: "I know that would never tell their children about their experience.
It is not just about what children should know, and, of course, is not what they need to survive.
His mother, Marina, 42, said: "The pain never leaves me.
She's in my soul, and worse, when the anniversary is approaching.
I'll go and will attend the ceremonies, which will be held, to celebrate her.
I know that George did not go.
For him it should be even stronger, because he was there, but I'm not.
I was waiting for him at home, and couldn't help.
I am so grateful to God that he came back to me... Here, in Beslan imprint lies on each.
He remains with us.
George, now an adult, but the nightmare was still with him.
It is difficult to take when something so terribly unfair that happens to you.
He was a boy, he loves the sport, but he can't do because of the knee.
He had several operations, he can walk, but he can't exercise.
I would say that the 50 per cent he overcame this nightmare, but it is impossible to completely overcome and forget it.
This eerie experience will remain with us.
Many of my friends and neighbors had been killed during the capture, and this only reinforces my pain.
I lost a lot of people who I knew well and who were dear to me.
My son with me, and this is the best gift that God could I do, but my heart aches for the people who had been killed.
I know the family, where the children were born, but I know and widows who never married.
It's hard to accept that life goes on, even if you don't want to.
I will never forget how heart выпрыгнуло out of my chest at that moment, when I saw him in the hospital.
Now I look at what is happening in the world, "the war in different regions.
These people are fighting for that?
Why are they killing each other?
The war is very close to our country right now, and I can hardly believe it.
We were a close-knit country in the past, so how is it that we are fighting now?
Men and children are suffering, I am sure, many children have already been killed in Ukraine, and many will be killed.
If you could grab all the rebels and throw away - far away, as soon as you can.
Алёна Цкаева, 10 years on
The baby, who had been a safe place to stay in a special fighter
Salved: Алёну Цкаеву is in a safe place, the Russian special forces fighter (left).
Now her ten (right), and she didn't remember the crime of opinion
The world had stopped breathing in 2004, when a small Алёну issued at the hands of the school in Beslan was seized by Russian police.
Terrorists released her, but with cruelty left her 30-year mother, sister and brother Махара decadal Kristina's school in the gym.
Махар, who was three years old, escaped, but Алёнины mother and sister died in the deadly carnage.
Her father, Ruslan has since married again, and with his new wife future Slavic wife have a young daughter, which he called "in memory of her daughter, which he lost.
Алёна, who is now ten, and remembers nothing about the seizure and flourished in a pleasurable and clever girl, say neighbours.
"They're a big happy family now, and Алёна Махар and are both great kids," says a close friend.
Ruslan is a great father and wants to keep them away from all the memories, when we celebrated the tenth anniversary.
You can understand why.
Tychius Кагава midfielder, who returned from Manchester United in дортмундскую Боруссию "," noted that he is looking forward to when he can get back on the field, in the form of a German club.
According to him, this transfer is a joyful event in his career.
Of course, I am very pleased that I'd play again for "Боруссию," Bild quotes Кагавы words.
I feel very good.
Full of positive emotions and look forward to when I get back on the field, in the form of "the."
We moved to the "DOJ Кагава" from the "" in the summer of 2012 for 16 million euros.
However, he failed to gain a foothold in the English club, having spent two seasons of all 38 matches in the championship of England by scoring 6 goals and 8 successful transmission.
A man accused of наезде girl on a “success ” in Файфе
78-летний man appears in court on charges of наезде girl but a “success ” in Файфе.
Gordon Stewart allegedly knocked the girl on the transition in Питтенвине in East Ньюке.
Prosecutors said that Mr. Stewart was his Audi hotel without the proper care and attention and knocked the girl, with the result that she got hurt.
Stewart, 78 years old, from Анструтера, denied their guilt in court шерифском Dundee.
Sheriff Charles Макнэйр Royal, a lawyer appointed by the court date in January.
Obama, Merkel and Hollande do not отоварятся in Vladivostok
The Duty Free shop duty-free trade in Vladivostok airport I sign prohibiting shopping in this store of world political leaders.
They don't отовариться spirits, vodka and cognac.
The store has decided that U.S. President Barack Obama, German Chancellor Angela Merkel, French President François Hollande, Vitali Klitschko and Yulia Tymoshenko, prime minister of Japan and a few famous friends will not be able отовариться vodka, cognac and spirits in their store.
The sign on the door and вывесила.
Earlier, Obama received the ban on the emergence of the even less accessible by service provider - dietary canteens of Moscow State University, told the website catering establishments.
Whether an American president has cherished the dream ever eat the diet in the canteen in Russia, is not known, but the authors of the prohibitions are clearly seem terribly остроумными themselves.
Is there cheese after the embargo: Medvedev gave advice to 5.45
Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev said that the embargo should be to harness new technologies to 5.45 to establish if the popular varieties of cheese buyers.
Advice was given during a visit to businesses "Югптицепром" firms "agrocomplex."
The Prime Minister also gave advice рестораторам on Russian meat, the price of which is at an appropriate level.
The embargo on food imports was introduced in Russia since August 7.
The chief of Russia's national team coach was pleased with results DecaNation tournament run.
According to the expert, the third place is a good result considering the lack of targeted training for competitions.
Our athletes were on his level, "The word Маслакова sport".
Third place is a confirmation of our high enough levels of command.
We are pleased that the French and even the Americans an advantage over us is minimal.
We need to bear in mind that we are not prepared for these competitions.
The season is completed, and we will not require our leaders to participate in the DecaNation match.
In recent years, we were second at this tournament, but this season we have updated the team.
The French, by contrast, were fighting a team that includes 13 champions of Europe.
They do not conceal their intention to win this year, what has been publicly proclaimed.
But even this line-up could not resist hosts competitions Americans.
Therefore, I believe that the Russians were in such a company representative at a good level.
But the results in some species were considerably lower than in the same league "Бриллиантовой."
The season is over.
Of course, the athletes are not so important is the result, especially in team competition.
It is the most important thing here is the place.
But according to the results, agrees that when it came to the absurd, at 1,500 meters men are so into tactical хитросплетениями running that showed the result of below average... women run.
4 tips, how to achieve a better quality photos and video underwater
If you want to take pictures or shoot video under water before you a range of options.
The cheapest option is a waterproof "Point and Shoot," for example, the Nikon Coolpix AW120, or, for example, the GoPro Hero3 экшн-камера + Silver Edition, both of which sold for about $300.
I took these pictures on a family holiday with the help of several cameras, all for the price of about $350.
No matter what equipment you use, the more rules you need to abide by in order to achieve the best results.
Перепроверяйте their equipment.
Even if you have a waterproof camera, make sure that the case and any other luggage compartments tightly closed.
In addition, set up their camera for the type of photos or videos that you shoot.
Some photos and video cameras filming or object type is regimes that optimise exposure for затемненных underwater conditions.
And before you jump in the water, notice how deeply your equipment can fall.
Some cameras are only 5 feet, others - 50 or 60 feet.
Look at our leadership and the ratings of digital cameras for both traditional and водонепроницаемых models.
Remove a few frames - because many of them never get.
The point is, "" LCD, which lets you assign shots, whereas if they are usually not экшн-камер.
Even if you have LCD, it will be difficult to see under the water, and the layout is a random process.
So do a few frames.
Also, if your camera is serial shooting mode, which takes several shots with slightly different units of exposition, use them.
Stay at the surface.
Significantly reduces the amount of light, and the deeper you нырнете under water.
If possible, stay at the surface, when you're shooting in a swimming pool, a river or ocean.
It also allows you to transmit more colors in the photos; the deeper you go far less color you see.
Подплывайте closer to shooting.
This is excellent advice for shooting on the land, but it is even more important under the water because затемненных lighting conditions.
It is especially important if you're shooting on экшн-камеру: This equipment often comes with a fixed, широкоугольной lens, which means that you have to get closer to the object of filming, if you want to fill the frame.
2012 Olympics bronze medalist in freestyle wrestling Билял Махов may move into греко-римскую struggle.
The team's head coach in Dagestan in freestyle wrestling Сажид Сажидов.
The specialist did not rule out involvement of athletes at the world championships in Tashkent in September 2014.
Currently, the team is gathering Билял Махов "classics," causes "huge" Р-Спорт Сажида Сажидова.
In general, the юниорам Билял spoke and in both styles.
The world youth championships in 2005, he was the winner of the tournament, and the third in a competition winner вольников греко-римлян and decided to concentrate on freestyle wrestling.
Long went talk that a new phase of his career, our heavyweight in Greco-Roman wrestling.
More: Can I speak at Махов world championships in Tashkent - if прикидку wins.
But the word has always been crucial for тренерским headquarters headed Gogi Когуашвили.
Andrew Lawson was such a man, whose force of personality could shake things around, even in such a giant organization like the National Health Service.
Консультирующий anaesthetist, he has devoted his career as former patients suffering from the disease and the treatment of remorse.
Among those who spoke to him, "recalled his wife, MI-6 officer who had to live with devastating effects of torture.
Lawson knew that while doctors were enthusiastic about being diagnosed and those who are being treated, mainly worried about something else -- the pain.
One day in 2007, however, he appeared to those who suffer.
"I never felt, as usual," he wrote in May last year.
It was hard to find the strength within themselves.
Struggling with symptoms similar to flu, he found that his wife, Juliet reproaches irritably.
"I wish it was sooner rather than later," he said.
When Juliet left for a week, Lawson found that unusual and it is unclear why he was upset.
Something was wrong.
He asked a colleague to do chest X-rays.
Just two weeks earlier, he first went skiing in the Alps.
Results of the X-rays came.
It was mesothelioma, a terminal cancer, which affects плевру shell, or lungs.
For most cancers it is difficult to determine an exact cause.
Although some people became ill with cancer of the lung, for example, not all sufferers of lung cancer smoked.
But with attributable to mesothelioma differently.
In almost all cases, the cause is contact with asbestos, grainy construction material, who once called the "miracle," but which, as we now know, deadly dangerous.
For most of us is disease mesothelioma, which you don't pay attention.
Asbestos, in the end, is the stuff from the past.
The most dangerous type of asbestos is not used in the UK since the 1960s, when these industrial ban came into force.
Even when it has been used, only people from specific sectors worked in close contact with him: Трубоизолировщики, builders, carpenters and docks, for example.
Industrial toxin from another era, he is hardly seen as a cause for concern today.
But such a calm erroneously.
Britain, it turns out, is now at the peak of the epidemic мезотелиомы.
Here мезотелиомы dies from more people than in any other country on the planet.
In the annual mortality rate in about 2500 people, more than twice as many people die from the disease than as a result of road accidents.
The annual number of deaths from мезотелиомы since 1980 and projected in the future, the number of deaths in the UK
The reason we feel its deadly consequences right now, lies in the fact that, although the use of asbestos has been illegal for many years (all types of asbestos were eventually banned by law in 1999), for the development of мезотелиомы go usually tens of years.
And attack мезотелиомы veterans specialties is not limited to the construction industry.
Asbestos was and, in many cases, remains in the house where we live, where we work, offices, schools, where we learn, and shops, where we go shopping.
As a result of mesothelioma, does not pay attention in class, profession, income level or age.
Избранности bastions, the fashionable London department stores to private schools, as it turned out, not salvation.
The parliament building is riddled with asbestos.
Even hospitals that are meant to cure us of deadly reservoirs, proved to be a carcinogen.
Andrew Lawson was not old.
He was not трубоизолировщиком.
Strictly speaking, he had to think where he might have come into contact with asbestos.
Then he realized.
"It seems that there could be a lot of asbestos in the tunnels at Guy's hospital, where I spent six years on it," he wrote.
All are students, nurses, doctors and грузчики - used these тоннелями.
I wonder how many of my peers expect the same disease?
It was a question to which, unfortunately, he could give a partial response.
"Of the four doctors, who are in the hospital, Guy and we have subsequently developed mesothelioma for the past five years," he said in a letter in 2010, "I alone remained alive."
How many of us expect this disease?
Andrew Лоусону was diagnosed with mesothelioma, "" when he was 48 years old.
When he died on February 17 this year, he was 55.
To live so long.
Fifty per cent of attributable to mesothelioma patients die within 8 months after diagnosis.
It is always fatal.
So, now, we can only repeat Лоусона question: "How many of us expect this disease?"
According to a leading expert in the UK, Professor Джулиану мезотелиоме Пито, most likely assume that between 1970 and 2050, when the asbestos epidemic in Britain should be an himself, about a wealthy person dies.
Now the majority does not represent that die that way.
Asbestos mine in Quebec, Canada, Alamy
A quick review of reports from the halls of the court, where victims are often seek compensation, shows how far it has spread attack мезотелиомы.
In June, for example, Marks & Spencer acknowledged that the recent Джэнис Ellen contact with asbestos.
She worked for nine years, from 1978 to 1987, apparel departments at two sites, one of which was the main store on Oxford Street.
Mrs Ellen was just 18 years old, when she started working at M & S.
Now her two children are older than 20 years old.
"Before this happened," she says, "I had never heard about мезотелиоме, I barely knew about Асбесте.
And in my head I could not come, that it will affect me.
Few people really know a lot about Асбесте.
In fact, asbestos is not one substance, and a group of six minerals.
They get their name from the word "асбестиформ", which means the fibrous structure, which tells them the strength and flexibility.
Of those six, three are often used in the construction.
Widely known as chrysotile, or white asbestos, is much more common in other buildings today.
It has been used in roofing panels, an outdoor stove pipes, boilers, thermal insulation and toilets, even in a hundred cars.
He смертелен less than other forms of asbestos, but still recognised by the European Union and the World Health Organization is "a source of serious health damage," which can lead to death.
More dangerous, however, brown asbestos (амозит) and blue asbestos (крокидолит).
Britain was once the world's largest importer of brown asbestos in the world, and experts have speculated that "there are good, though indirect reasons to believe that this is the main reason for the exceptionally high number of cases attributable to mesothelioma [in the UK]."
At Marks & Spencer was exposed to asbestos in the main store on London's Oxford Street, Alamy
Джэнис Ellen may not have thought of yourself as a victim, but Julian Пито мезотелиомы work suggests that her story is not unusual.
He conducted a study of patients, which suggests that a significant percentage of мезотелиом when there is no known exposure at work or at home, were most likely caused by exposure to asbestos from the environment. "
Much of this impact, he says, is "normal use and exposure to weather" in our building.
No one, it seems, can't be sure that he is safe.
Goddard Consulting report, which was seen in Westminster Palace, demonstrates how people, even in the heart of the Government could be exposed to unconsciously.
In 2009, Goddard said that technical mines and pipelines for the premises of parliamentary committees were infected with deadly asbestos fibres, which may have given the movement, something so harmless as "strong currents of air."
Members of the parliament often blame the fact that they are pursuing their own interests, but in this case it seems that the opposite is true.
Although the Agency for maintenance of Parliament insisted that Westminster Palace received a "clean bill of health," and now she recognized that it is necessary to work on the £1 billion for the reconstruction of the Parliament, by upgrading electrician and removing asbestos, and that after the general election of 2015, members of Parliament, perhaps, will meet in the conference centre nearby increased, not on the green benches was.
Goddard report noted that "the situation with asbestos is not Poland, in accordance with the various rules."
It is impossible to know whether this error management cost lives.
All we can do now is wait.
One of those who have not managed to identify his contact with asbestos, Graham is the cost, the doctor.
As Andrew Lawson, the cost, and 50 years, suspects that he was exposed to asbestos while working in hospitals.
"I worked at the hospital, which has successfully brought claims associated with asbestos," he says, "But I can't prove this in my case.
It's so hard to remember all the places where I worked, and dates.
He remembers clearly, so this day in early December 2009, when his wholly overcame something that was like the flu.
He was 45, and he was in the middle of the operation later in the evening.
Suddenly were shaken as me.
It started very quickly.
I felt terrible.
I thought I can't drive all the way to homes.
The cost of being a doctor, knew the pain comes from the membranes surrounding the lungs, including checking for iframe loads.
However, like Джэнис Ellen, he simply had no reason to suspect мезотелиому.
Ultimately, he couldn't walk for a month.
US doctors doing chest x-rays and плевральные катетеры to pull fluid from the lungs and send it for analysis.
And yet his condition оставлось without a diagnosis.
Gradually, his health has improved, and he returned to work.
But from time to time, those same symptoms return, often after he engaged in sports, and he breathed heavily.
In 2011, one of the patients came to him in office Эбботта with similar symptoms, and he was subsequently diagnosed with mesothelioma, "."
But even then the cost is not associated with their own case.
In the end, his patient was on dozens of years older and worked directly with asbestos.
In this case, the connection was obvious.
In September 2011 the Эбботта deteriorated again, and showed him his doctor консультировавший results of the CT and X-ray images of the group.
In December 2011, just two years later, after the cost of began to feel ill, sensor, equipped with a camera, was introduced in the cavity between the shell of his shell by his chest and lung.
I'm an optimist.
I usually just go further, "he said.
I'm not too upset about it, to be honest.
But Rachel, my wife was.
Biopsy results came in the week between Christmas and New Year: "They told me that this is mesothelioma."
Graham: Cost of mesothelioma diagnosis
The cost suddenly sank during a meeting with Macmillan nurses, one of whom suggested he contact a lawyer.
It was then he realised the scale of the epidemic.
"As it turns out, asbestos is widely used, especially in large public buildings, where asbestos was once quite often in the pipes," he says.
People who have been exposed to asbestos in these buildings, now get sick with this disease.
Thus, mesothelioma now affects more young people нетипичных professions.
The most dangerous asbestos pipes isolated in hospitals were in basements, so it is unlikely that affected patients.
But many employees, who were crossing the tunnels connecting nearby landmasses can bring together to get from one building to another (as Andrew Lawson), or ate in the basements of canteens (how often did Graham cost) almost certainly really were exposed to toxic substances.
For several decades after the war, as it turns out, the hospital was a place where, in theory, life for поциентов pulled, but the place, which constituted a threat to life for doctors who treated them.
It still continues to remove today.
Students set their burners Бунзена asbestos on tap
And it's not just hospitals.
Asbestos was often used in offices, shops, libraries and мэриях due to their amazing and if insulating characteristics.
Schools too.
Strictly speaking, many are likely to have been exposed to asbestos in the classroom for the first time.
Nationwide, on countless chemistry lessons, students set their burners Бунзена asbestos on tap.
The websites appeared, highlighting the problem of asbestos in schools.
Meanwhile, in our homes, such harmless things as floor tiles or roof сараев typically contained asbestos.
"This is an industrial poison, in a huge number of our buildings," notes Andrew Morgan, a lawyer who represented Andrew Лоусона Guy in a case against the hospital.
In one case, the only contact, the woman could remember was the demolition of garden shed in the 1970s.
So be careful, снося garden sheds.
The effect of the diagnosis, when we know that the disease is incurable, is huge.
"To realize it, is quite a lot of time," says Graham cost.
I went back to work and tried to continue, but I realised that I couldn't focus on what I'm doing.
I spent two weeks in the surgery.
Then I realized that I had to go and deal with them.
Well, I don't meet Christmas
One of the most difficult things was the transition from doctor to patient.
As countless patients before him, he remembers, was confused as the amount of information that had to be taken.
"It was difficult to understand," he says.
"I asked my doctor," How much do I have time? "
They gave me about 12 months.
I remember, as I thought, "Well, I didn't meet Christmas.
That's all. "
Mesothelioma is particularly dangerous, as it is the mechanics of how we are in life, is the act of breathing -- causes cancer, which kills.
Most cases are caused by мезотелиомы contact with asbestos.
Asbestos is composed of tiny fibers.
When asbestos is being destroyed and the carcinogenic fibers, they can get stuck in плевре shell, the lungs.
Asbestos fibers are annoying плевру and can cause mutations.
"The problem is due to the inhalation of asbestos fibres matrix," Professor Tom Трежер кардиоторакальный, surgeon, who came to the hospital in 2001, Guy.
It is the hospital, where the suspect, Andrew Lawson, he was exposed to asbestos, now, ironically, a leading center in the treatment of мезотелиомы.
Трежер Лоусона knew and treated some of the others who, perhaps, was exposed to while in the hospital.
When Sally Goodin Sally goodun Etc asbestos into the lung tissue, "says Трежер breathing them unload on the periphery, where the shell.
This is, essentially, an invasive process from the outset.
The usual treatment for other forms of cancer is much less effective at мезотелиоме.
The effectiveness of surgical intervention, for example, cause hot debate.
Some think that it is worth the try.
Трежер disagrees.
"You can't cut плевру," he says.
No good around her with a knife.
Meanwhile, the cancer is "not very good", which is "chemotherapy", but not people.
"From time to time there are patients who live a long time," says Трежер.
But ultimately, they all die.
Fortunately, some patients are living much, much longer than expected.
Writer Stephen Jay Gould who died 20 years after he was diagnosed.
Two and a half years after diagnosis, Graham cost continues to fight.
After he became ill attributable to mesothelioma, Andrew Лоусоном Эбботта acquainted with who, four years after diagnosis, single-handedly turned into a desk support and consultation for these same patients.
"Yes, Раковая Central," he said cheerfully when they rang.
"He was very positive," says the cost.
He was diagnosed four years ago, and he still is very energetic.
First Эбботту offered six cycles of chemotherapy, which would take four months and would have prolonged his life only a month.
"I was in despair," he says.
I wanted to give up.
Lawson, however, managed to give the somewhat more positive agenda. "
The cost of meeting with several specialists, decided to continue treatment with Professor Лоиком Ланж-Лаздунски institutes, Professor Guy at the hospital.
"We had an advantage in that I don't need it, I just called them and they took me," admits Graham.
Likely the patient would have to get the direction and approval for funding.
Money plays a pivotal role for patients with attributable to mesothelioma, to get the best available treatments.
But when such treatments become ineffective, finally, inevitably, many patients are facing another financial reason for concern "about the future of the families that they would leave.
And then they ask the courts for compensation.
Andrew Lawson contacted Andrew Morgan from Field Fisher Price Waterhouse LLP.
"It has been known that asbestos is harmful to human health, since 1898," said Morgan.
But that changed in the 1960s, it became clear that even very small amounts can put their health at risk.
It was then spoke about the bad faith of companies.
Andrew Lawson and hospital Guy ultimately resolve it, but it was not a "settlement" at full price, according to Morgan, as Lawson could not prove unequivocally that it was mesothelioma as a result of exposure to asbestos at Guy's hospital.
After the investigation into his death, hospital spokesman Guy is confirmed, however, that "the asbestos in the basement, mentioned above, was removed in the 1990s."
It was too late for Andrew Лоусона.
How to remove asbestos
In fact, tie deadly contact with asbestos to one company or place of work - usually through dozens of years after that - has proved to be a big problem for patients with attributable to mesothelioma, demanding compensation.
Many of their former employers have the owner or shut down.
Insurance archives could be lost.
And those who are protected from lawsuits, aware that time was on their side, the plaintiffs, of course, no.
In response, this year took serious new legislative acts which facilitate the process of recovery attributable to mesothelioma patients compensation, even if it is impossible to keep track of their former employers.
In accordance with the law, was created by £350-миллионный fund of funds, which is financed by the insurance industry for those who had been diagnosed after July 2012 and who can prove the contact, but who didn't fight with anyone.
In such cases, patients will receive 80 per cent of the amount that the court could award in a case about the compensation of about £pirates.
About 300 successful claims under this scheme are expected each year.
Andrew Morgan, like many who work with patients with attributable to mesothelioma, believes that the £350 million represent a "very good job" for the insurance industry.
"This transaction, written by companies for insurers," he says, hinting that the sum is a quarter of that, insurers would have to pay, if not intervened, with a temporary period attributable to mesothelioma sufferers and would have been able to track down the company and file a lawsuit in the usual way.
Even Mike Пеннинг, previously minister for work and pensions, acknowledged that the law is imperfect. "
But Пеннинг, and Morgan acknowledged that, in view of the fact that seven people dying every day, rapid action was needed.
"People suffer so much, and they need help now," said Пеннинг during the second reading of the Bill about мезотелиоме in December last year.
By the time Graham cost was in the hands of Professor Лоика Ланж-Лаздунски 19 months.
After the initial consultation Ланж-Лаздунски recommended surgery, which, unlike Tom Трежера, he believes.
This was followed by chemotherapy and radiation for тритерапия - in which the entire Ланж-Лаздунски boasts 40 per cent of patients surviving for five years.
The cost felt a surge of strength.
"This is, of course, is one of the most important things," says the cost.
You see these patients all the time.
There is a force that supports you.
When сдаешься condition may deteriorate, very quickly.
Graham went to the cost of the operation in March 2012.
By the end of August he finished last of six cycles of chemotherapy.
Subsequent scans showed no trace of the disease.
Then I had a scan in March [2014].
There were a few spots [cancer] in my chest.
I just happen to have 50.
This is not a threat to life.
This is the end of life.
And again, the cost went through six cycles of chemotherapy.
Now there is no trace of cancer.
However, this process is both physically and emotionally heavy.
You can think about practical things - about finances, and when I die, for example, or that we need to show his wife, works as a timer on a big PRB.
When you get bad news, you become безрадостным.
You need to look forward.
As the father of Ellie, 16, and 14 years old, it Тэмзин is not always easy.
"It's hard for the parent," he says.
It's hard to understand what to say and how much to say.
When I was first diagnosed, I told the girls that I had the disease, which means that I won ’ t live to old age.
They reacted very differently.
Тэмзин very gregarious and energetic.
She said all of her friends, and we received many very quickly.
Ellie was more demure.
She didn't say much.
Such talk is something with which to confront all cancer patients.
But for patients with attributable to mesothelioma such people discuss visions of hope, even the ability to survive.
The disease is sex (even as, ultimately, for Steven Jay Гулда) grim certainty.
As Andrew Morgan, said: "Mesothelioma does not constitute a threat to life.
Body image набальзамированных hope in asbestos cloth.
Asbestos fibres are used to strengthen and improve the USA raised.
Pliny the Elder describes the asbestos.
Now invented the cloth, which is enkindled.
I saw him, made from napkins to каминах stupor at the feast
Modern commercial use of asbestos begins in Italy, where it is used to make paper banknotes (even), and tissues.
Big asbestos mines in Canada and South Africa, and shortly after that, in America, Italy and Russia.
It's the perfect теплоизолятор steam engines and turbines for the Industrial Revolution.
Global production of asbestos grows to more than 30,000 tons per year.
Statistics from the Prudential reveal untimely deaths among those who work with asbestos and which therefore denied life insurance.
Nellie Kershaw dies in Рочдейле.
Dr. William Cook shows that particles of asbestos in her lungs, "were, without doubt, the main cause of death."
This is the first case of its kind.
Kershaw, employers find Bros. Asbestos, do not admit liability.
No compensation is paid.
During the Second World War, intensive industries, is one of the most deadly dangerous professions in terms of exposure to asbestos.
Voluntary ban on the import of industrial blue asbestos
The Court of Appeal confirms the first successful lawsuit about health risks caused by exposure to asbestos, in the UK.
Global production of asbestos grows to more than 4213000 tonnes a year.
Britain imports 139,000 tonnes.
The Executive Committee on matters of health and safety in the UK requires all contractors working with asbestos, received a license.
The import and use of blue and brown asbestos are forbidden by law in Britain.
It prohibits the use of asbestos in Britain.
Act on мезотелиоме adopted in the UK.
The scheme of compensation in the amount of £350 million declared.
Asbestos is banned in more than 50 countries, but white, asbestos is still used in cheap construction materials in many parts of the world.
Global production is approximately at the level of 2 million tonnes a year.
China refuses to give Hong Kong the right to choose leaders, protesters promise revenge
China's parliament decided Sunday to not allow Hong Kong voters to nominate candidates for the 2017 elections, despite the growing demands for democratic reforms.
Such a move would likely mark the beginning of long promised protests in Hong Kong as activists have begun planning and mobilization in a matter of hours after that statement.
Decision of the 11th National People's Congress, in fact, communist leaders to remove all the candidates who are loyal to Beijing.
"It's not обмануло our expectations, but still leads in rage," said legislator Emily Lau, chairman of the Democratic Party.
This is not something that Beijing has promised.
They lied to people in Hong Kong.
And it is clear that we are dealing with an authoritarian regime.
Defending decision of China, Li Fey, Deputy Secretary General of the Standing Committee of the 11th National People's Congress, said that to allow public nomination for Hong Kong's leadership elections, it would be too "leopard skin".
Since 1997, when Britain handed control of Hong Kong back to China, Beijing promised to allow residents to vote by the head of the government, starting in 2017.
Chinese leaders have presented the Sunday decision as a democratic step forward, since it gives a direct vote гонконгцам right; however, the decision also makes clear that Chinese leaders continue to hold in their hands, with the help of the Commission on the appointment of candidates, rigidly controlled from Beijing.
And, according to a new article that only candidates who "love the country and love Hong Kong" will be allowed.
The decision was taken after the summer, when there have been some of the most extensive and received widespread publicity the protests in Hong Kong for many years.
For a large part of the campaign, after Hong Kong's Occupy Central movement With Love and Peace, which threatened to cut off the financial district in Hong Kong if Beijing does not guarantee true universal suffrage.
On Sunday evening, a few hours after the announcement, hundreds of supporters of the Occupy Central gathered in the rain in front of the government headquarters in Hong Kong.
The organisers of the demonstration said that their movement is shifting to a new phase of civil disobedience and that they rise up on the waves of protest in the next few weeks.
Nevertheless, they have not reported the details, obviously, to avoid problems with government authorities.
In онлайн-заявлении organizers reported that motion capture "обдумывало any central district only as exceptional measures, actions that may be taken only if all the possibilities of dialogue have been exhausted and there is no other choice.
We regret to inform you that today, all possibilities have been exhausted and the dialogue will certainly capture the central district.
Authorities in Hong Kong were preparing to Beijing a few days, and on Sunday at the headquarters of the government had strengthened security measures involving police and barricades.
The unrest is the feeling of many in Hong Kong, that they are slowly losing control over their city.
The influx of residents from mainland increases competition in the field of goods and services.
Also intensifies the fear that Hong Kong's values, such as democracy and freedom of speech, and begin to weaken under increasing pressure from Beijing.
Some have criticized the Occupy Central movement, saying that his demonstration to jeopardize the businesses - the lifeblood of Hong Kong.
"The protest, which they say, it could lead to a big economic damage, depending on how many people will participate, and for how long," said lawmaker Regina Yip, who has long been critical of the movement.
We don't want to have to worry about the fact that Hong Kong is out of control.
This idea, which is harmful for investment.
Chinese state media also gave reports in recent days, in which the activists of the democratic movement in Hong Kong were shown диверсантами considering Western powers.
This summer, activists organized an unofficial referendum on electoral law, which drew the 7th - more than a fifth of Hong Kong voters.
In July tens of thousands came out to one of the largest pro-democracy demonstrations in the history of the region.
American culture Noxwin comes to university life: Первокурсникам offered arriving on personal plane
We are pleased to respond to such demand, since launching the first UK travel service categories "suite" for current students.
To leave the bright impression from his arrival at the University, the company also offers options such as transport, private jet, Aston Martin or Rolls-Royce Phantom, a McLaren P1.
Mr Stewart also said that service thought about security.
This service is a perfect alternative for students, who typically have to carry their belongings across the country in dangerously strained machine.
This, combined with our new options for Vif, we look forward to seeing how this year to help students get to university with minimum effort and maximum luxury.
A company representative said that, since the service has just launched, with orders not yet received, but added that "the students begin to order this service in the next few weeks."
The company also said that, despite the fact that students should pay the tuition fees of £9,000 a year, she still hopes to find a market for this service.
The current students are quite different from students, 10, 20, 30 or 40 years ago in terms of expectations and hopes: More important than ever to make a great first impression, and Vif - exactly what you need to do this.
Nevertheless, the National Union of Students criticized this service as оторванный from reality.
Megan Dunn, vice-president NAC on Higher Education, said: "This project is incredibly taken away from a life of the majority of students.
Many students, who this month will begin to study at the university, faced with the cost of living crisis, when available financial support in the form of loans and grants fails to keep the rapidly rising costs for basic needs before they can even begin to think about how to take thousands of pounds on something like a simple arrival in a dormitory.
Feminists are raising questions of racial identity and behavior of the police after Ferguson
Unarmed teenager was killed by a police officer in Фергюсоне, Missouri, earlier this month.
Coming raise hands, chanting: "Hands up, don't стреляй" while they wait in line in front of Mr.....
After two weeks of protests in Missouri Фергюсоне, associated with the murder of teenager Michael Brown, 45, blogger Perez said Miriam зоила интернет-разговоре shift among white feminists.
In her experience, the white feminists stamps comments put gender above race, when it comes to the promotion of reproductive rights and income inequality.
However, as tensions rose in the Midwest and attracted nationwide attention, Peres saw responses of white women who is 100 percent focused on the race.
Compared with the reaction of black women shortly after the killing on 9 August, personal essays with such titles as "thoughts about Фергюсоне from white women" and "Феминизм is not only about угнетении appeared relatively late to women".
But for Perez, they demonstrated a significant shift.
"In feminism, I don't think there are many people who are talking about the white color of the skin and privileges at such a high level," she said.
People felt the need to say something about what has happened.
It's very symbolic for the crisis with which we are faced, and because of the situation in the Фергюсоне) is so tied to race, they feel that it is necessary to specify.
For a professor of English at the University of Ohio Кориты Mitchell Ferguson has laid bare the challenges facing the American lady blacks face every day, but which are not perceived as "women's issues" in the cultural sphere.
"I can write something funny on Facebook about what's going on with me and my partner and get 150 лайков everywhere," says Mitchell.
When I write something about how the colored people are attacked in their own country, "Duper silence.
"Why are women so publicly talk about relationships, but not about the security in the public sector?" She asks.
For black women, like Mitchell, who studied the issues of race, gender and sexuality in the history of the United States, there is no dichotomy between matters relating to race and gender.
From her point of view, blacks, women are in a position to clearly separate these problems; they are faced with a complex reality every day.
While white women now bring together issues of race and gender in feminist мейнстриме, Энджела Хэттери, professor of women's and gender studies at George Mason University, says that its predecessor did the opposite.
"Between 1865 and 1890 линчевали for years, at least 10,000 black men, and the reason that is almost always served as the rape of white women," said Хэттери.
There was a white woman, was the story to justify Nepal.
From the point of view of Хэттери, the gap between white and black women, white суфражистки occurred when, for example, Susan B. Anthony looked at the situation in the late 1800s, and saw that the fight for suffrage will be effective only for one of the groups: Women or blacks.
"They decided to lay eggs in the basket of voting rights for women, and the right to vote for blacks would appear later," said Хэттери.
Looking back on things like this gives us a clear idea of why women of color don't trust white women.
We have not done anything good.
We've never helped black women to protect their husbands and sons.
Even after women won the right to vote in 1920, it took ten years to ensure that the white women united against mob lynchings in the Women's Association for the prevention of mob lynchings of the South.
This group emerged after almost 40 years after the women for the first time blacks had aid, "said Mitchell.
From the point of view of Mitchell, the reactions of white feminists on the issues raised in the conduct of the police, "Фергюсоне, racial discrimination - reflects a time when white had a feminist" catch up "with blacks, women cope in several generations.
"However, it would be fine, if female, which have such a [traditional] феминистическая ideology, so would seriously for the right to educate a child, how they relate to the right to contraception?" Asked Mitchell.
The second wave feminists who have made careers in the fight for reproductive rights and access to контрацептивам, now starting to understand what it means.
Known white activist Gloria Стайнем феминистического movement through two weeks after the killing of Michael Brown took Фейсбуком and published a sharp колумнистки Rebecca Carroll Guardian article, which claimed that white Americans took more participation in protests on issues of racism.
"I hope that women who have a different, but we understand the danger, repeated in the body, and a point of view on the racial issues that differ substantially from the general public - will be at the head of the change," wrote Стайнем.
Although Стайнем undertakes more пересекающийся feminism that involves issues of race, gender, and her comments about race in America still fascinate some.
The American entrepreneurial institute researcher Christina Соммерс, author of "Who stole feminism?," she said She The People that young men in the United States, particularly the young people of color, "are much more vulnerable than their sisters," but the value Стайнем Фергюсоне contrary to criticism, which she previously clear.
Now we have hundreds of special programmes for girls and young women, but almost nothing for the boys.
But when the White House has recently initiated a programme of "Сторож, my brother," to help the vulnerable black and испаноговорящим changed remarkably young men, followed the reaction from many feminists, including Gloria Стайнем.
Police relationship with the black community is not the only problem, продвигающая helm of traditional feminism.
After the U.S. Border Guard Service arrested around 63000 minors without the support of the country's southwestern border this year, immigration reform came to the surface again, this time as a women's problem.
Andrea Меркадо, co-chair of the organization that mobilizes women in support of immigration reform, said that in order to apply this issue as important for women, she had only to share stories of immigrant women.
"They speak for themselves," said Меркадо.
When the vast majority of working visas are issued [иммигрантам-мужчинам], women who come to them, find themselves in positions vulnerable to domestic violence and exploitation.
"Finding these stories resonate with women's organizations," she said.
Ипсвичский house "with a" return "
A photograph on the sale of the home, a rental, was removed on estate agents when it turned out that it depicted a large pig отдыхающая, in the living room.
For sale for £pirates, a separate one-bedroom house is on a private road in Ипсвиче.
A detailed description of the photograph was living at home - in which he was depicted pig with head, stationary on the couch.
Connells estate agency reported that pig in the house - a favourite of the owner of the home.
"However, the photo was posted in error and has been removed," said a company spokesman.
A detailed description of the home, described the Connells, a former house of assembly as "a separate one-bedroom house."
Despite the fact that the agency deleted a photo from his website, it still persists in promotional materials.
Selling the house attracted interest in social networks, where some questioned whether the pig, sold along with the house.
Russian tennis player Maria Sharapova, in the fourth match of the US Open уступившая Carolyn Возняцки, believes that she lacks stability.
According to sportsmen, she wants to finish the year well and try to go to a new level, reports from New York, Vasily ОСИПОВ.
How do you assess in general, his results in Grand Slam tournaments this year?
Of course, I am happy that I managed to win the Roland Гаррос. "
As regards the other three tournaments, then I don't have enough stability, especially in концовках some matches.
Now of course, I was upset.
It couldn't get even until четвертьфинала.
What task put in front of him until the end of the season?
After обидного defeat I have a huge motivation to go to a new level.
I have work to do, and I'm going to do everything possible to properly complete a year.
A series of Asian tournaments starts in a couple of weeks.
A member of the Duma committee on physical culture, sports and youth affairs, former world champion Nikolai Валуев proposed rules for the implementation of the Technical Review Panel to give bonuses upon admission to the universities.
He said that in general regulations will be the same as in Soviet times, "people will take on tightening regulations, running and other exercises.
Recall, 12 subjects begin to implement from 1 September in its territory provisions Technical Review Panel.
I also offered to students, who passed Technical Review Panel, giving bonuses when applying to universities, "said Валуев.
For example, they can be a little bit to add points to SSE.
There are also proposals to give extra holiday workers in companies that passed the tests of the sport.
In the city of Harvey has a new millionaire in South Wales after winning the lottery
Lottery player from Harvey this month.
Looking for a new millionaire in the southwest of Perth, where one got lucky take home nearly $1.1 million on the lottery drawing on Saturday evening.
Newsagent's shop in Harvey brings the gold to draw the main prize for the second time in five years, last winning $1 million in November 2009.
However удачливому winner still need to assert themselves.
The owner of the shop, said Steve Forward prize caused commotion in a small town southwest of Perth.
The city says about it, and everyone is very excited.
We thought that such gains could be secret.
The eight winners from Western Australia celebrated winning the main prize last month, noting the completion of several successful weeks for players.
Last week, the player from Кэннинг Weil became one of five millionaires in August, following a gain of $7,5-миллионным pair Белмонта in just a few weeks before that.
Winning a couple of plays for twenty years, and that win gave them the opportunity to travel the world and buy a new house.
The number of millionaire Harvey explained where they won the main prize in Western Australia to 59 this year, with a total gain of $85 million.
The Economic Development Ministry wants to accelerate growth in the market for electric cars
This week the Ministry of Economic Development will make the government a comprehensive plan for the development of clean vehicles in Russia, told the deputy director of the ministry, Oleg Плужников at the round table that held a Moscow newspaper Vedomosti on show - 2014.
The plan drawn up on behalf of the government, one of the main goals - reducing emissions of greenhouse gases.
It is expected that the document will be passed in late September and early October, says the proposed measures concerning Плужников, electric cars and hybrids - a development plan for the vehicles to газомоторном fuel in Russia are already there.
(A copy of the plan obtained by Vedomosti is designed for 2014-2017.
To develop assessment criteria for electrical and hybrid vehicles, and to decide how to promote the use and production of environmentally friendly vehicles.
The government report, which will be described in the tax and customs measures... to support, will be prepared by December 2014; concessional lending scheme and a preferential leasing will emerge by April 2015; and the proposal to reduce prices, stimulate and create a suitable infrastructure will be developed by October 2015
In 2014-2015, is expected to amend the regulations to ease conditions for the construction of the infrastructure charge (parking, petrol stations etc.).
In addition, federal officials plan for 2015 to formulate proposals for regional authorities to also promote the use of clean transport - in the form of granting him benefits when driving and parking, for example; and by February 2016 - and suggestions about the expansion of government purchases of such transport.
Finally, the Ministry of Economic Development by October 2014 will depend on the evaluation of the activities of the regional authorities of criteria that reflect the effectiveness of the support for the production of clean transport, the development of the infrastructure charge.
Single market in Russia is still only formed in 2013 across the country sold around 100 electric cars.
In early 2014 обнулена an import duty on electric cars, so sales will be approximately 500 pieces, predicts, CEO of Mitsubishi Motors in Russia, Andrey Pankov.
But opened and growth does not make any noticeable: Sunderland in 2013 in Russia, according to the Association of European Businesses, the segment sold million passenger cars and light commercial vehicles.
Until the Sunderland Russia imports only Mitsubishi Motors.
Start import preparing Renault - the company focuses primarily on corporate clients, says director for strategic planning and partnerships in Russia Renault Nicolas Ремиз.
Most of the other manufacturers of electric vehicles took in relation to Russia is taking a wait-and-see approach.
Development of electric cars have and Russian manufacturers GAZ directors "," ",", "but the мизерный.
For example, in January - July 2014, according to the "АСМ-холдинга," Avtovaz has issued 30 electric cars.
Modest demand due to cost, admits AvtoVAZ, director of engineering for Sergei Аманов, without state support the breakthrough in this segment will not.
The development of the Russian market in addition to the new electric cars (those electric cars that are sold in Russia, on average, twice as much as analogues with internal combustion engines) holds an underdeveloped infrastructure charge (retails sites - units), "sighs Автостата CEO Sergey Целиков.
Because of the cost and the low pace of reducing the cost of electric cars in the next 3-4 years remain нишевым segment of the Russian market, predicted "Авторевю editor-in-chief Mikhail Подорожанский Целиков, agrees with him.
Car manufacturers, in contrast, say that some models of electric cars is already close to the value of the ordinary.
The Russian Army market prospects, the important thing is to instill confidence in consumers that "real" электромобильность; this, in particular, will contribute to the emergence of new charging stations, group president of BMW's Wolfgang Шлимме.
Such implementing infrastructure projects, for example, the "Россети": In Moscow, constructed a few stations, soon there will be about 80.
Talks about building a network of retails sites is underway and with other regions.
According to the director of the department "Россетей Vladimir Софьина, the company believes the market is ready to build electric and gas stations across the country, but there are problems: A small number of electric cars in the country and the lack of a single standard for charging different brands.
In addition, "Россети" as network the company does not have the right to engage in the sale of electricity, the opportunity to do this in relation to charging.
Pankov believes the most effective measure in support of Russia's single market progeSOFT customs duties.
Zero rate will act before the end of 2014, its renewal and expansion of the preferential list.
The transportation tax to environmental (and the idea is being discussed relates to all vehicles) also support the market, but not as noticeably as customs preferences, "Pankov said.
Vehicle tax in Russia is relatively small, "says Pankov, unlike, for example, from Norway, where the reduced tax rate led to a sharp increase in electric sales - now they account for 12% of the market.
In Russia, and the need for stimulus measures, such as free parking in the centre of town (as it has done in Moscow), I am sure Pankov, or any movement of dedicated lanes for electric cars, which are not yet in Russia.
A private plane crashed in Colorado
Одномоторный Piper PA-46 plane crashed in the US state of Colorado.
Three of the five people that are in it, were killed, reports ITAR-TASS.
The survivors arrived at the hospital.
The accident occurred a few miles from the Denver airport runway.
Now established causes of the tragedy.
All prisoners in Donetsk region, with rebels battalion "Donbass."
Surrounded by Иловайском height.
They were committed to their own commanders, and dozens of law-enforcement officers were under fire.
Those who survived say that if they knew what actually is the situation in the southeast of Ukraine, the fight never would have gone to.
108 prisoners can be called счастливчиками.
From the "Donbass" battalion каратели remained alive after the "slaughter", in which they were under Иловайском.
Surrounded by the army of the Donetsk People's Republic fighters spent several days, virtually abandoned by their commanders and authorities of Ukraine.
When told that the headquarters of the "Ring" can go out in the corridor, the production is allegedly started marching column.
But literally, within a couple of minutes from all sides booed shells and bullets.
"Judging from the information that I have given, we had a lineout, we were allowed to go," said acting deputy commander of the battalion, "Lermontov."
And when we walked in and between Многопольем Червоносельским низину began cross-examination of fire with anti-tank guided missiles with "зушек," grenade launchers, automatic cannon 30-милиметровых MDB, arms.
Four cars in front of me walked in the back three and, eventually, cars were only two.
An officer with позывным Lermontov: "Almost immediately," said no less than 60 people died, dozens were wounded and many dead already then.
The surviving fighters now provide medical assistance to those whom they came to kill.
Now, prisoners are surprised that so-called "terrorists" to refer to them, provide food and medical supplies.
At the same time as, in fact, lied to their own commanders and condemnation from certain death.
Just betrayed us, "they say.
The convoy, the entire battalion to her destroyed.
In the battalion "Donbass", like so many of his comrades, Alexei enrolled as a volunteer, told the Ukrainian news reports about atrocities that allegedly had been in the southeast, "separatists."
Already saw a completely different picture here, Alexei.
His mother was killed in Luhansk - and not someone else, and the Ukrainian military.
I phoned a friend and told him that the mortar shelling, it is likely that the Ukrainian armed forces, "said one of the men, Alexei.
After that, I wanted to leave the battalion.
We are not at the Иловайска said that we in the ring.
I agreed with the report that has already been written about him.
Us charges with Зурахово Иловайск taken in immediately.
According to prisoners in the "cauldron" under Иловайском stuck withstands more than 300 people.
Now some survivors admit that if we could turn back the clock, and the LAUNCH battalion that they would not be entered.
All the prisoners were handed over to the militias ДНР security officials.
Each check for involvement in war crimes.
The headquarters is in the region to curb prices
In the Krasnoyarsk region headquarters established that will limit growth in the prices for the products on the market in the region.
A decree creating this structure has already signed.
The staff were members of the government, the representatives of the executive and supervisory agencies.
Together, they will monitor the prices for agricultural products in the region.
To compensate, the economy — whether Rosneft $140 million of losses?
Rosneft head Igor Sechin said the company assesses damage from bombardment Лисичанского refinery in Ukraine for $140 million.
This, he said in an interview with Spiegel.
"We estimate losses of $140 million and will hold talks with the Ukrainian government about the payment of compensation," Sechin said.
According to him, the commissioning of a commercial from the company was made in 2014.
However, part of the factory was destroyed by Ukrainian artillery.
"There was no fighting, no" окопавшихся rebels ", but the Ukrainian artillery destroyed part of an industrial facility.
In addition, technological oil закачанная gone in the pipes, "he said.
Recall that on July 18, in connection with the fire has burned Лисичанского refinery and oil storage tank destroyed two buildings and warehouses.
From "the main refinery in Ukraine, first introduced in the company in October 1976
Total refinery capacity Лисичанского is about 7 million tons of crude oil per year.
The plant is capable of producing the fuel standard "Euro-4 standards," as well as "the party of diesel fuel standard Евро-5."
In March 2012, the supply of oil from has been suspended in connection with his убыточностью.
The company, it was decided to begin repairs.
A year later, got from Rosneft, together with other Ukrainian assets of TNK-BP.
North Korea has short-range projectile launch toward the Sea of Japan.
According to South Korean media, it happened about 10: 30 a.m. local time from the province, which is located on the border of Чагандо North Korea and China.
As told Interfax in South Korea's Joint Chiefs of Staff Committee, presumably, a rocket fell in the Sea of Japan, after the bullet, about 220 kilometres.
The ruble falls against the backdrop of geopolitical pressures
The dollar rose at the opening of the Moscow stock exchange on 3 kopecks to 37,15 rubles, the rouble fell to бивалютной basket against the backdrop of geopolitical tensions.
The dollar trades at UTS started transactions within 37,11-37,2 RUR / $1, on average, over the course of two minutes recorded at 37,16 roubles / $1 for 4 kopecks higher than the previous closing.
The euro reached 48,79 rubles per 1 euro, that is on 3 kopecks higher than the previous closing.
The price of a basket of бивалютной added 3.5 kopecks and $42,395 rubles.
The U.S. dollar is traded at 23 kopecks higher than the official rate, at 16 euros - kopecks higher than the official rate.
The Russian stock market on Friday, 29 August, continued its rapid decline, but there was no panic this time.
Went on to become cheaper and the ruble and even updated historic peak against the dollar.
Now investors are already deteriorating geopolitical situation отыгрывают beforehand and possible new sanctions against Russia.
So far, however, this is more like the artificial hysterics you, through the media, particularly the western.
Options of the introduction of new sanctions on Russia are not so many.
"At the opening of the Moscow Exchange TeleTrade continues a sharp weakening of the rouble against бивалютной baskets.
Geopolitical background remains a defining factor.
However, if in the near future, we will see new negatives, and Russian indices, and the positions of the national currency can скорректироваться.
"Оренбургские Airlines will plead with Идеал-туром." "
"Оренбургские airlines" presented "Идеал-туру" claims totaling $4.7 billion rubles.
We are talking about the two cases, in which the meeting will take place in October.
Will things be different judges.
According to Interfax, the first lawsuit was filed on August 14.
His total slightly more than 425 million rubles.
The meeting is scheduled for October 7.
The second statement was submitted on 18 August.
His amount of one billion rubles with contacts.
The meeting scheduled for 2 October.
As told reporters in the Russian Tourism Industry Union, judges appointed by different.
In July, it was reported in the media about the "debt" before "Идеал-тура Оренбургскими авилиниями" in the amount of $1.5 billion rubles.
The airline's CEO Victor Зюкин speaks of a total of 1.6 billion rubles.
Aeroflot CEO Vitaly Saveliev calls an even greater sum - two billion rubles.
Twitter tried to become more interesting for new users
Sitnov service Twitter changed the registration process for new users to quickly engage in active cooperation with the platform.
This measure would reduce the number of its microblogs забросивших people.
Now a new Twitter users will see during the registration of a large number of рекоммендованных service accounts, to immediately make a range of reading.
These recommendations are based on registration of interests.
While Twitter automatically sets off a subscription for all automatically selected accounts.
Because of this, the user will have to physically remove ticks, not to read those, who are not interested in him.
Previously, when users of the service saw only Sitnov аватарки recommended users, Twitter now displays a sample of one popular Tweets from 1979 to help make an impression on the man.
This is the biggest change in the registration of the Twitter page for the past three years.
Lately Twitter has been actively working over the service's modernization.
Such activity is associated, above all, the ongoing service attempts to reach breakeven point.
In 2014 the growth slowdown Sitnov faced the user base and activity falling readership.
The company currently desperately needs more loyal consumer resource, which, again, would remain for a long time.
The only way to ensure a steady stream of advertising money.
Knowledge of the day will be rainy and in Moscow зябким
The first of September, in the Moscow region throughout the day is cool and rainy, according to meteorologists.
Temperatures in Moscow will be between 16 and 18 degrees, in Moscow - 13 degrees.
The weather will be cloud-based from clearings in the eastern quarter of rain, wind, it will be a fairly weak - a total of 3-8 meters per second.
The recycling of cars was revived on 1 September
On September 1, Russia resumed action programme for recycling vehicles.
Until 31 December 2014 for this purpose will be allocated $10 billion rubles.
As explained, the head of the Russian Federation, "Denis - PhD in Economic Sciences Manturov Minpromtorg's money allocated from the limits that have already notified to the Ministry of Industry and Trade of the Russian Federation through redeployment from other areas of support.
The program will include all vehicles older than six years.
The amount of compensation from $40,000 car by up to 350 thousand rubles for cargo.
Earlier, Russia had already been a recycling program.
The main difference of this project, the minister said, in what is now not only recycling machines to obtain further discounts, but in any case, if a car had reached age more than six years, to buy a new one at a discount in the "old" трейд-ин dealer, reports Interfax.
The previous federal program to recycle действовавшую, from 1 January 2010 to 31 December 2011, has spent over $16 billion rubles.
Thanks to her, the level of production of cars in 2010 amounted to approximately 1.2 million units (plus 101.4% compared to 2009).
The creator of Coming Out Simulator will release a game about modern journalism
Геймдизайнер Nikki Case, known for playing Coming Out Simulator decided to release a game about modern journalism.
He told me about his project in an interview with Kill Screen.
Case began to work on the game a few weeks ago, however, a fact that got just now.
The game became a source of inspiration for events in Фергюсоне now go where the protests, which began after a policeman killed a black teen to 45.
The focus of the project, which still has no name, is how the stories affect their consequences.
Hero of the game, a civilian journalist, will need to take photos of what is happening in areas where skirmishes occur between the police and the population.
The hero can photograph what was happening in different ways that will affect the course of events.
If he will take the stage, so that the police will look like heroes, bandits and protesters, the police will be better for him and Andy go where ordinary people can't go.
If he will cover events differently, his photographs can turn a peaceful protest into a large-scale revolt.
Points in the game will need to recruit using твиттера Hero, which will appear in new subscribers, if photos posted there will prove popular.
The game still doesn't have a name.
Release date and the platform on which it appears, are unknown.
Briefcase, however, published the image, as the event could change depending on how it is handled and photography.
In an interview with Kill Screen Case explained that he toyed with the concept of this game quite a long time ago, but initially wanted to devote her not protests in the United States, and the events in Gaza.
After he started to collect material for a game, геймдизайнер realised that he lacks the knowledge and skills to illuminate the history of the region.
But when he saw how the media covered the events in Фергюсоне, he decided to make a game based on what happened.
Nikki Case is an independent developer, which produces браузерные game.
His most famous project was Coming Out Simulator, released in 2014.
This game, in which the events from the biographies of the Technology, is devoted to how бисексуальный teenager tries to tell us about their relationship homophobic parents.
Гелетей draws continued bloodshed in Ukraine
A call to prepare for another "tens of thousands" of victims, Ukrainian Defence Minister Valery Гелетей draws people in to prevent the continuation of the conflict, the Russian Foreign Ministry said in a statement.
"In Moscow, of course, drew attention to the statements of Ukrainian military chief Valery Гелетея, who said" the completion of operations to liberate East Ukraine from terrorists "and the" beginning of the Great Patriotic War, "in which there will be losses amounted to" tens of thousands ".
The adequacy of the head of the Ukrainian military, опубликовавшего on his page several memorable days in the post - a subject for study, not specialists in the military area, "the report said Russian diplomats.
They can hardly believe that such statements may belong to the Minister of Defence, civilized state.
On his page on several memorable days Ukrainian Defence Minister, wrote on Monday: "According to unofficial channels, the Russian side has been threatened several times that in the case of continuing resistance they are prepared to use tactical nuclear weapons against us."
At the same time, he said that "the operation to liberate the east of Ukraine" has been completed.
Perez Hilton removed all intimate photos of stars and apologized
Today, more than 60 mainstream horror stars of Hollywood.
Hackers hacked primitive passwords in the data warehouse (notified) in smartphones, after which their intimate pictures appeared on the website of the 1979 Perez Hilton.
But not for long.
The spokesman, "" games "stars Jennifer Lawrence Голодных already reported the theft of the photos from her мобильника, and also confirmed that all the shots, which" shine "of the Internet are genuine.
Perez Hilton is the creator of the homonymous сайта-таблоида apologized, actress Jennifer Lawrence and her colleagues for the publication of explicit images of them, writes The Independent.
No, nobody forced me to do so.
With me not connected to their agents.
And now I delete explicit photos of Jennifer Lawrence and Victoria Justice, "блогер wrote in Twitter.
But all the explicit photographs of stars already had on the Web.
David Beckham was involved in an accident, hiding from the paparazzi
David Beckham was involved in an accident on a motorcycle to escape the paparazzi.
It happened at the corner of Sunset Boulevard in Los Angeles.
British footballer отделался ушибом discomfort caused by muscle and right hand.
Beckham left the тату-салона, where the paparazzi were waiting for him.
The prosecution in the incorrigible, not on the corner with the management and fell, writes TMZ, citing sources close to футболисту.
In the end Beckham has received another bruise, right arm muscle and scratches.
Tony Stewart accident, is back on track
Tony Stewart to return to the track was already slightly more than in the middle of the race at Atlanta Motor Speedway.
Stewart hit the wall a second time after his right front tire to explode on lap 172, putting an end to his performance.
Stewart drove his car to the garage потрепанную and then came, not talking to reporters.
His team manager Чед Johnston said 14 members of the team disappointed, but now focus on race in the following weekend in Richmond, Virginia.
"I would like to attempt a more successful and more successful finish for him," said Johnston.
We go to Richmond and, hopefully, we get better.
Stewart first hit the wall earlier in the race Sunday night after a collision with Кайлом Bush that required repairs to the right side of his car.
"I started the day with a fairly big hope of successfully come to the finish line," Johnston said, adding, "Just don't."
Shortly after the car accident, Stuart was on a tow truck, and the team gathered and was ready to leave.
Stewart missed three NASCAR Sprint Cup races after his car and killed another driver сбила during a race on a dirt track in upstate New York.
He decided to come back this week, and he needed to win, or in Atlanta, or at the following race in Richmond to take part in The Pursuit.
He returned to work during the investigation of the tragic incident, in which 20-year-old Kevin Ward Jr. died, who went out on the track, to express discontent Стюарту during the race.
Law enforcement agencies reported on Friday that the trial will continue for at least another two weeks.
A decision on whether Стюарту charged, was not accepted.
Network was greeted with loud applause and acclamations, when he represented before the race.
Starting from 12th position, Stewart walked in the first 10 at the start of the race, when she reached the fourth position.
Then, on the 122nd lap in the Bush administration.
18 car left the track at the exit of turn two, and crashed in Stuart, running into both cars into the wall.
Stewart went backward, but before the Second positions.
Sobchak and divided Виторган cigarettes with Жванецким in Odessa
Ksenia Sobchak and Maxim Виторган are now in Odessa, about dollars than not tell his Инстаграм.
However, one picture is very surprised and rather that calmness that confused fans of the pair.
The snapshot taken from Жванецкого.
"For breakfast if Mikhail Михалыча Жванецкого Maxim explains what инстаграмм:) # Odessa," Ksenia Sobchak signed photograph.
However, in addition to the cigarettes, there is nothing on the table.
No coffee, and the other is oil.
The couple decided that Ksyusha also smokes, and condemned her for it.
"Whose?" Cigarettes, Smoking kills! "," какой- cigarette while breakfast), "" Вроде Express, and would be on the table, just cigarettes))) "," Xenia, you also smoke?, "parents were sorely distressed over his pet subscribers on her blog.
Recently, Sobchak похвасталась what delicious dinner for the first time in his life has prepared her Maxim Виторган.
"When you reach the Счастье-это villa, and husband to your arrival prepared dinner (for the first time honored married life, but what вкусный.Главное to now at the end of the dinner did not say the words:" Now the joke to make it every day, "her husband похвасталась Ksenia Sobchak.
Pictured, Maxim is preparing something with diligence, and on the table already filed pickles and baked chicken.
Prison officials conducted a national protest in Bulgaria
Hundreds of prison officers from across Bulgaria held a national protest in front of the Ministry of Justice in the capital, Sofia.
In the course of peaceful demonstrations, they repeated their demands to return to the previous conditions, which were recently amended.
Raising wages is also included in a list of demands, which will be discussed with the acting Minister for Justice temporarily Христо Ivanov.
Within a month the officers expressed a symbolic protest against the new graphics work, demanding to return to previous 24-часовые shifts.
Despite the fact that the union of prison officials repeatedly met with representatives of the Ministry of Justice, no agreement was reached, according to national radio if (БНР).
Negotiations were continuing, said the head of the Correction Department БНР punishment Желязков Click.
It is expected that the union complaint to prison officials will join members of the Federation of Trade Unions of employees of the Interior Ministry.
The army controls the new government of Thailand
General Прают (right) was appointed to the post of defense minister Правита Вонгсувана (left)
Thailand's military ruler and prime minister General Прают Чан-Оча announced the composition of a new cabinet, in which more than a third of posts are generals or retired generals.
Army officials have said the key positions of ministers of defense, finance, foreign affairs and trade.
On Monday Прают Чан-Оча was officially confirmed as prime minister after the king of Thailand has officially endorsed the appointment of the head of the interim military government for the post.
Its 60-year military beachhead, power in the country in a coup on May 22, too, was the only candidate for the premiership post.
He was elected prime minister at a meeting of the parliament.
Earlier the army appointed deputies in parliament.
According to Праютa Чан-Оча coup, was the only way to preserve stability.
He was preceded by six months, held a demonstration in which protesters have demanded the resignation of Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra.
Officially Прают Чан-Оча will be temporary prime minister, since the military plan to hold general elections in late 2015.
However, there are fears that the military is trying to consolidate his power in the country.
The military came to power on May 22
Against the backdrop of complete paralysis of the civil authorities.
Leaders of the main political parties were temporary arrest.
The military immediately after coming to power, they have temporary arrest of leading politicians, including Prime Minister Shinawatra Йинглык.
There were also arrested some journalists and public figures.
The current political crisis goes back to 2006, when the army сместила with premiership Йинглык brother Thaksin Shinawatra.
Both are popular among the rural population, especially in northern areas of the country that has produced them success in the elections.
However, many members of the middle class and metropolitan elite with the terrorism that confronts us in the movement, which since November 2013, almost left the country.
Nobody was saying that in a salad, mussels will be better if you don't do as I had promised, the waitress from the new отшучивается брассерии Palm.
Have to formally admit that this is indeed the case, but the mind and stomach remain adamant.
All known for a long time: We talk of "Belgium" - mean mussels, we say "mussels" mean "Belgium".
Restaurant глубокомысленно love to say that the success of schools depends on three factors: It during the week and again.
There are some places that are not that good, or even excellent, but any невезучие.
In short, the Palm, I remembered that once there was a cafe "am" (in honor of the broadcast itself), then its "," and even the "Beaujolais" beer "and" Friends. "
Now here again the beer, but no longer ностальгически-советская, but Belgian.
Above ground there is only the tip of the iceberg: Hot water and steam tables, all the rest room devoid of even the hint of sunlight.
But here, as in the children's room of fun: Red, yellow and green walls, colourful, instead of windows - TVs, where девушки-русалки float.
Belgian institution in St. Petersburg for a long time is not a novelty, so compare with what you have.
Here, eight species of draught beer (260-300 rubles per 0.5 litres) and countless bottled (170-1550 rubles).
The waitress Компанейски-позитивная L fun menu, telling that "mussels is much bigger seeds," and it should be noted that it is precisely this service, despite some drawbacks, is the positive side of Palm.
The expected in content, but often very suddenly in the execution.
Well, who, for example, to predict that the meat with валлонским черносливом (280) - in fact, the same carpaccio нарезанное so thinly that пергаментная paper compared with him seem matter безобразно thick.
You can kind of taste only if сгрести полтарелки again.
Working with the matter even worse.
Classic льежский (260) it would be to admit a crime against Belgian people: Some пожухлый iceberg отваренная once long ago раскисшая potatoes, beans, chips from 3000 одеревенелые construction plus up marinated onions.
With such льежским salad does not want talks to anyone.
The Belgian was part of the other ingredients of lettuce, but the impression was not positive.
If the недозревшие четвертинки пережаренные cherry tomatoes or tomatoes still could be surprisingly close your eyes, why mussels look like for their life to them a few times managed to freeze or cut.
Because I already know: There is a quite normal беломорские mussels.
They served in кастрюльках "in your choice of sauce (490-560 rubles per 0.5 kg).
Half a dozen sauces, that of white wine, celery and carrots, frankly, not fact.
Vegetables have no scent, and, yes, and there was wine, and remained a mystery.
But good rely to мидиям фриты home with mayonnaise.
Chicken ватерзой here - not a market-based, to such an extent that, depending on mood may decide the first or the second dish before you, but simply pleasant creamy супчик.
It was claimed that a local chef cooks rabbit in beer sauce, and said nothing about the rosemary.
On Thursday, the situation turned out to be diametrically the opposite: Заглушал rosemary is everything.
The impression that this rabbit when life fed exclusively розмариновыми кустиками why meat has gained such an extraordinary flavor.
But in the great rabbit leg Responsibility - no, just Anika карамелизованной pear in the crust.
Waffles in Palm offer not only sweet, but also a hearty "with beef, chicken and bacon, and cheese (220-280).
Are sauce was unnecessarily водянист суховаты, and waffles.
But подошедшая table very informally asked the manager of Dulo impressions.
It means that should come again.
The dollar rose above 37 rubles on the Micex on the news about the upcoming West new sanctions against Russia.
It's a new historical record.
The dollar calculations "tomorrow" to the 10: 29 Company grew to 26.9 cents and 37,02 ruble, the euro was up by 30 cents to 48,73 ruble, the Moscow stock exchanges.
Бивалютная basket grew by 28 cents to the level of the previous closing and cost 42,28 ruble.
The dollar fell to the Crimean events high on February 19, 2009 - then he cost 36,43 rouble, and on March 3, 2014, he was already 37,005 ruble.
On the night of August 29, the White House said that President Barack Obama and German Chancellor Angela Merkel will discuss the possibility of imposing additional sanctions against Russia.
The weakening of the ruble is long-term in nature and, in tandem with the euro, and in tandem with the U.S. dollar.
The long-term forecast assumed that mark, "says senior analyst at Alpari Bodrov's" Anna ".
All of that has to do with Ukraine, one way or another will be reflected on the courses.
As long as this continues, investors will react.
Today, rumors about the invading troops not confirmed nor with one hand, but the market was very emotional.
All the talk about the fact that he was resistant to such news, yesterday were перечеркнуты.
This week, according to specialist, closes around these levels, and the rouble 36,90 37,05 per dollar.
The tax period ended, oil prices, weak policies, sanctions, the issue of gas transit via Ukraine - all links in the same chain.
Also, the forecast of inflation: The current prices for the autumn by end-2010 from 5% to 10%.
Soon, the same end, seasonal vegetables and fruits, and there will be a vacuum, as at other networks переориентируются suppliers.
"The dollar approached at 37 roubles, went through it and came back, some powerful hysteria," commented Head of Market Analysis "Opening Broker Konstantin Bushuev.
Still, will look at whether to impose sanctions on Saturday promised, as will meet NATO.
According to him, the ruble weakened sharply after the tax season, then went to the news on Ukraine, the Central Bank, said last week that, until the end of the year, is moving to a fully floating exchange rate and waives any currency interventions.
If you look at the daytime wobble, it is no different from the previous ones during this month, all have spooked that mark in 37 rubles, "continued the analyst.
And so, in terms of the turnover of the powerful, nothing has happened.
Worrying times for the currency market were, as I recall when, in late January, was the strong demand for the currency, as well as 3rd March, when the Central Bank отгрузил a record number of currency.
In UFS IC and see the positive side of the weakening ruble.
First of all, this increase in the revenue part of the budget from the export operations, as well as improving the competitiveness of domestic manufacturers at the expense of more expensive imports, "says chief analyst with UFS IC Alexei Kozlov.
Negative moments can be attributed to the cost of imported goods and services.
Sharp fluctuations in the Russian currency to significantly reduce the attractiveness of investing in the Russian economy, rising inflationary pressure, and, as a result, become more expensive for borrowing funds which, in turn, slows down the development of the economy.
If we talk about the stock market, the rouble devaluation smoothes over a fall in share prices, expressed in roubles.
For example, the MICEX index during trading Thursday fell 1.67 per cent, while the RTS Index lost 3.27 percent.
Such a significant difference in the relative magnitude of reduction of indices due to the weakening of the ruble during the day more than 1.5 per cent.
The weakening of the ruble is an emotional character and can be explained by a massive desire to buy the currency.
In practice, gradually emotions go on there, as well as the rouble zone partially or fully restore lost ground.
"We believe, soon we will be able to see the value of the dollar and the Russian currency is near the level of 36 rubles to the dollar," said Alexei Kozlov.
A genetic disorder often incorrectly diagnosed
Британка reported that she spent many years thinking that dies, delivered after a wrong diagnosis.
Кэрин Rogers spent much of her childhood, thinking that she was left to live only a few years after she was diagnosed with another disease.
In fact, she had the disease Шарко-Мари-Тута (ШМТ) is a group of inherited disorders that cause damage to nerves outside the brain and spine.
Charity CMT UK reported that improperly delayed diagnosis is a common problem among people with ШМТ, because so little is known about this condition.
With approximately 23,000 people in the UK, presumably, there are ШМТ, which can cause motor symptoms such as muscle weakness, uncertain and confidently поджатые toes.
Patients may experience numbness or pain, and the condition is not cured and that worsening symptoms over time.
When Rogers was 13, she thought, that suffers from атаксии Фридрейха (AF) -- a condition for which the prognosis was very poor.
Rogers thought that she would be 72 cellphone lines per to a wheelchair by the time she was 18, and how she would die before the age of 30.
The mother of two children, now 51, said: "As a kid, I knew that I could not do what others.
I fall every day, and I went the more time.
I could never skate on a skateboard or with other children, and I have a lot of time in school, because, as I went out and ran.
Rogers said that, when she was 13, after several operations to release ахиллово tendon and straighten her feet, pipes needed for medical card, when her doctor went out of the room, and it was written that she AF.
"I felt guilty, because сунула nose where it should not be, and that's why I never told anyone, but I returned home, found information about this condition in the library and wrote the AF," she said.
When I received the information in reply, I was shocked, and experienced the most terrible panic, only what is possible.
I thought I'd be in a wheelchair at 18 and I die before I turn 25, and that I would gradually lose all their abilities in that span.
I went through this one, and I спланировала own funeral.
She said that by the time she was 17, she realized that her ability to walk has not deteriorated as much as she thought about it and asked his doctor.
He just got up, embraced me and said: "My dear, I don't think that you have this disease, because you would have been in a wheelchair."
I think you have something that poses a much smaller threat to life.
After a few genetic surveys have found ШМТ.
"When he explained what ШМТ, I thought that positioned her lucky ticket," she said.
Britain announced last month a charitable organization ШМТ ШМТ information to try to draw attention to this disease.
The tax burden on entrepreneurs in the Washington area is growing as the economic recovery
Восстанавливающаяся economy means more customers, the more sales and jobs.
It also means higher taxes.
Account for taxes on the state and local level for companies across the country, moderately increased in the last year, when the economic recovery accelerated, according to a new study, published last week, and the company in the Washington area is no exception.
The company in the District, Maryland and Virginia collectively paid $27.6 billion in the coffers of the state and local level in fiscal 2013, to 3.8 percent more than the $26.6 billion collected in 2012.
The tax burden on business in the state and local level in the past year rose by 4.3 per cent, to $671 billion, compared with 3.9 per cent the year before, and it was the third consecutive year of growth after avoiding each other years when smaller accounts in 2009 and 2010.
State taxes, rose 4.3 percent, faster than the local taxes, 3.9 percent, according to the study, which was conducted by providing professional services, Ernst & Young and the Center for taxation by the state tax policy.
More than half of tax revenue in the county, 56 percent, in taxes on entrepreneurs, while 36 percent of tax revenue for Maryland.
Virginia, with 28 percent, is the lowest amount of tax revenue, proportionally, from entrepreneurs.
To a large extent, is caused by increased tax revenues return to previous levels of value of property companies, say the researchers, that raised taxes on real estate at 3.7 percent this year, after three years in a row, when growth was less than 1 percent.
While a large proportion of those earnings in larger states, such as California, New York and Texas, it appears that the same thing is happening in the Washington area.
The company in the District, Maryland and Virginia collectively paid $10 billion in property taxes at the state and local level in the past year, to $9.6 billion more than in 2012 - a growth of 4.2 per cent, compared with the previous year.
However, the return of the value of the property does not have a similar effect on the growth of tax revenues at state and local level in Maryland, where the property taxes just more than one-fifth of the companies' tax bills.
Virginia and the District of Columbia's pay tax accounts for about half of the state and local level, in the form of taxes on real estate.
"What is happening in Maryland is that such a large part of its property tax base, particularly around the District of Columbia, is owned by either the government or nonprofit organization that does not pay taxes on real estate," said Douglas Линдхолм, executive director of the Center on taxation.
Thus, Maryland had to rely more on, for example, income taxes to pay for those services that exist in other states.
The recent increase in tax receipts from businesses cannot fully explain the recovery of the real estate market.
Revenues are also entrepreneurs, it seems, are on the mend, according to this data.
Chinese companies may increasingly raise capital in the region's corporate income tax at a level of $2.3 billion to $2.1 billion more than in 2012.
Maryland has collected $1 billion of corporate income tax, most of all in the region.
Although the trend in one direction, the tax burden on local entrepreneurs, not with the same speed increases in all three areas.
The level of growth in the District of Columbia was on the same level as the average for the country of 4.3 per cent, while growth in Maryland was significantly faster, 4.9 percent.
Only in Virginia was below the average rise of tax revenues equal to 4.1 per cent.
In Virginia had the lowest corporate income tax from three jurisdictions (each of whom the same corporate rate) equal to 6 per cent.
In Maryland is 8.25 percent corporate rate, whereas in the District is relatively high - 9,975 percent.
Like the United States Chamber of Commerce survey earlier this year showed that lower taxes for entrepreneurs in Virginia, the state and local level and, on the whole, a more favorable climate in terms of taxes for entrepreneurs than in Maryland.
The county has not assessed in this study.
Despite his advantage, Virginia faces competitive pressure from its neighbor to the south.
North Carolina recently signed a legislative act that corporate rate this year from 6.9 percent to 6 percent, the same as in Virginia, and the rate will fall to 5 percent in the next year.
If the state continues to achieve goals in contrast to tax next year, this law would raise the income tax rate for entrepreneurs, even up to 3 per cent by 2017.
Meanwhile, a small business in the Washington area, it seems, feels better and, thus, pay more in taxes to the state and local level, according to a recent study.
Taxes for entrepreneurs, in the form of individual income tax paid by the owners of small businesses is a transitional structure, the things that the majority of small firms - in the District of Columbia, Maryland and Virginia rose 20 percent last year to $2.4 billion, with growth rate much higher than taxes for предпринимателй in general.
The researchers say that the trend and an increase in revenues from taxes on businesses across the country are likely to persist this year, when tax revenues, with turnover in the governments of the state and local level, staying at 6.2 per cent in the first three quarters of 2014 compared to the same period last year.
However Вашингтонская zone may be lagging behind because of reduced federal spending affects the labor market in the region.
A century of Russian judo bronze
The World Cup has brought home judo team Russia two silver and seven bronze medals.
In this respect, the Russians gave only the competition -- Japan's favorite team.
The tournament started in Chelyabinsk, Russia, on Monday, the first day brought the team silver medal.
Her vision has become anachronistic in Beslan Мудранов category to 60 kg.
In this final fight Болдбаатаром Ганбатом from Mongolia decided the outcome of the confrontation is just one note obtained by russian.
And here's the second day of the tournament was the most successful for Team Russia - on Tuesday had won just three medals.
In the men's competition in the category of up to 66 kg of silver and bronze, supplanted Mikhail Пуляеву - Камалу Хан-Магомедову.
The final challenge was Russian world champion in 2011 and 2013 Exchange Эбинуме Kharlamov.
Хан-Магомедов четвертьфинальной, on stage, with the loser соотечественнику победно утешительному walked down the tournament and became the owner of the bronze award.
In the women's tournament to 52 kg category also steps up to a third horse Natalia Кузютина abstention.
She lost in the semi-finals of the world acting чемпионке Майлинде Кельменди from Kosovo in this championship, which is performed under the flag of the International Judo Federation and successfully defended the title.
In the dispute over the bronze won by Кузютина Инань Ma from China, but after the end of the tournament yet admitted that third place is not what she expected.
Again, the obstacle on the way to a Russian gold Кельменди, побеждавшая Кузютину earlier in the finals of the European Championship.
In the third day of the tournament in a team bronze medal in Chelyabinsk, Russia put Могушков Musa, who had fought in the categories to 73 kilograms.
In четвертьфинале due to his former representative, Victor Сковорцов became Moldavia, now acting for the UAE.
But the Russian then won two battles and became the owner of the awards.
Могушков spoke on the home championship with injury голеностопа, which he expects to start in the near future, however, and will take a pause in the competitions.
As regards экс-молдованина operators, he and he reached in this tournament with a bronze medal.
Interestingly, and another by his compatriot, the UAE citizenship, Ivan Ремаренко ended with performance in the category of up to 100 kg.
The fourth day ЧМ-2014 also brought the Russians one bronze medal, which he won in the category of up to 81 kg Нифонтов Ivan.
The battle in the small final due to comments from rival he defeated Frenchman Alan Schmitt.
On Friday at the tournament разыгрывались immediately three awards, but the Russians were limited to one бронзой in the men's tournament to 90 kg.
Its owner, Kirill was the possibility of Russia's national team, with this medal was guaranteed: His opponent in the final was утешительному compatriot Kirill Denisov.
But the battles failed: A rival Вопросова couldn't get on the tatami due to injury.
Men's bronze was conquered by the masters and the sixth day of competition in the team - it put Renat Saidov, who was in the category of more than 100 kg.
In the final, he won a clean victory утешительном бразильцем over David Моурой.
So ended an individual part of the world championship.
On the last day of the tournament in Chelyabinsk, Russia, on Sunday, the title of world champions разыгрывались in team competitions.
Both of these teams, and the male and female - were among the top nominees at the awards, but, as in the individual competitions, representatives of sex don't lucky - they did not make it to the medal.
And here is Russian дзюдоисты doing team won silver.
In opposition they are crucial in a stiff competition with a score of 2-3 gave the favourites the competition -- Japan's team.
The national team of Russia led 2-0 after a clean victory Хан-Магомедова volitional, and - the weight to be Denis (73 kg).
But in heavier weight categories with their Japanese rivals could not cope Murat Хабачиров (81), Magomed Магомедов (90) and Aslan Камбиев (100).
The same scenario could develop and bronze match in the women's tournament, where the Russian national team, leading, lost японкам - 2-3.
In team competitions in Chelyabinsk was attended by Russian President Vladimir Putin, who congratulated the team of the tournament after finishing with the silver.
"Second place is very much time, but I want to say that it was evident that you could become champions," said Putin, quoted as saying by RIA Novosti.
Lose the Japanese judo родоначальникам - nothing here, there is no shame.
But I am sure that you can from them and the win.
Russia's national team for the home World Cup performed much better than a year ago at this level of competition in Rio de Janeiro.
Then the Russian team had only three medals, one silver and two bronze.
While the current tournament were Olympic champions and Champions Mansur Isaev Arsene.
We are all, of course, the big максималисты.
Yes, we want gold medals.
But let us remember that, if the man in the Olympic cycle is the strongest, that he was a potential winner of the Olympic Games.
Especially in a sport like judo, "summarized the tournament Russian sports minister Vitaly Mutko at the words, which leads to the championship.
Japan is expected to become the best team in Chelyabinsk, won 11 medals, five of which were gold.
Next summer the World Cup will be held next year in Astana.
Read other materials, news and statistics can be on the summer sports.
Joan Риверз family is hoping for the best
Joan Риверз lies unconscious on arrival at a hospital in New York three days ago, but her daughter expressed hope today that 81-летняя Redeemer actress recover from illness.
"Thank you for your continued love and support," said Melissa Риверз in a statement today.
We hope for the best.
Her mother arrived at Mount Sinai Hospital on Thursday after an emergency call that she was in cardiac arrest in the clinic, shattering Ист-Сайде Йорквилл Эндоскопи, according to sources.
Doctors were intentionally keeping her sedated and under strict supervision, they will not be satisfied until her condition, which remains "difficult."
The response was wide, including massive support online from such as Donald Trump, Монтел Williams and Kelly Рипа.
All can be kings
The sale of the group's debut album Royal Blood - the new hope of British rock, выведшей рок-дуэты clubs straight to stadiums.
Duo Royal Blood a year just on stage, but he already has the musical award nomination for the BBC, in the opening round of the Arctic Monkeys and visit гримерку in New York concert from the right, Jimmy.
Their self-titled debut is still several months before release received 100,000 предзаказов contract, but the issue lies in the portfolio will Warner Music.
Given the present situation on the market, a musical плачевную situation is extraordinary, because it's not lambasted the new Lana del Ray, or another сладкоголосом representative "new R 'n' B ', and about the appearance of the British duo быковатых playing with the level of volume and intensity, that the last time was in vogue two decades ago.
In general, rates on the first album in connection with all вышеозначенными circumstances were especially high, and is hollow.
It is no coincidence that duo took his name, which previously could prejudice isn't quite so desperate that the hairy metalheads, kings and blood flows, as well as what they think, they have in the veins, too.
It is, of course, primarily about the heroes of the past levels of Led Zeppelin, and the great quartet, Royal Blood aim to shake застоявшуюся blood, his British rock away to a new height.
To make predictions about the success of this enterprise until, perhaps, the thought of saying something, but I can already.
A dozen songs in thirty minutes with a slight уложившихся is not so much a demonstration of the phenomenal композиторского gifts, how many top-ranked and a powerful statement of intent.
Some of the dignity of the individual, of course, cannot be denied: The pilot say, single "Out of the Black" is characterized by the fact that small melodic line, not a party. "
Musicians jokingly say that this song is generally easier than напеть настучать.
It will also highlight a "Little Monster" and provide record composition "Better 'quote Shakespeare in November with the title.
But the truth is that each of these songs would sound great at a party hard rock fans, but when playing in a row they merge into a more or less uniform cloth.
And this is not necessarily bad, on the contrary.
Force Royal Blood in the fact that they do not claim to be a new idea of Lennon and McCartney (rather too much in successors Motörhead) mark, but numerous рок-дуэты инди-клубов from the ghetto.
Their music, despite some variety, created for stadiums, in the room, less than a couple of thousand people, she is obviously closely.
The secret lies in how the man who took хитром bass guitar in the conventional format, with zero thought of Vengeance.
However, it is not only the instruments, but also in the approach to writing songs.
Heroes ретророка zero with great difficulty outside of postmodern mistakenly paradigm, with huge reluctance to admit to itself not just эпигонами and independent creative units.
Royal Blood same now sound so powerfully, and the subsequent pressure that successfully драпирует some вторичность твердолобость and musical material.
And, in the end, who said that the rock must be smart?
Amazon buys it for $1.04 billion
Amazon has just confirmed what Information on Friday morning, said: "Shopping online and видеопродюсер, and another hundred other things - streaming service видеовоспроизведения buys it for $1.04 billion ($US970 million).
The news was not a surprise because no one expected that it would be sold, and because of that, many expected that YouTube will be a buyer.
Three months ago, selling it for a billion Google видеосервису looked completely finished, and this combination was a natural.
It was founded just three years ago as Justin.tv, set a goal to be потоковым general service "version of YouTube in real time.
Instead, he quickly became a platform where gamers aired their внутриигровые moments; "YouTube for games in real-time," according to Business insider.
It interface.
And the "pay for play" genre "videos, in which всезнайки give (mainly old) games, as in" Таинственном theatre ", already popular on YouTube.
In fact, YouTube is mentioned often, when we describe it, so the news that YouTube acquires it was without much interest, a classic example of a well-established technology companies, выкупающей potential competitor.
It's a mystery why deal with YouTube failed, given that, reportedly, he was willing to pay not less than Amazon.
All that we have at the moment is a statement from Executive Director of it we as Emmett: "We chose Amazon because they believe in our community, they share our values and long-term objectives, and they want to help us get there faster."
Another mystery, frankly, it is an incredible success.
Снобам like me, who say that sports will be better than watching him, it is hard to understand the appeal of the games to watch, rather than take a risk in the hands of a joystick.
It is one thing to look over his shoulder at 3 a.m., while creeping through the resident Evil, and quite another to watch as an outsider, a man gets 20 shots in the head in a row as Call of Duty.
Every game that you could watch right now.
Another problem is that many of the most popular games today are designed for one person, so I watch them shoot, not controlling the angle of view, it might be the recipe for a headache, a worthy Do It Right.
I agree that high-speed transmission, in which Роджеры Бэннистеры of our electronic age completing the whole game in record time, entertain.
But if we are not talking about виртуозе games or humor, it's unlikely that his channel, it will be interesting at all.
But I know what the skeptics like me?
It had 55 million unique visitors per month, and it is the fourth largest source of peak Internet traffic.
How Amazon works on this?
It is difficult to imagine that it свернется in Amazon Instant Video as gracefully as YouTube would simply absorb it.
However, it is with pleasure that would have received any company: The crowd of young men, of whom dream of advertisers.
Like Amazon, it said Шир and it "both believe in the future of gaming," and the channel has signs of decay, even - ouch - as a sport.
As a result of what happened in 2004, the attack killed more than 330 people, including 186 children.
More than 800 people were injured.
We spent a few days in the town of Beslan.
Surviving hostages also talked to - almost all now students, with parents of dead at cemeteries, "City of Angels", the head of the committee, "Oakland Касполатовым Beslan Mother" Сусанной Dudiyeva, take part in the security operation, "said an employee of the department," "a correspondent Elizabeth Antonova, serving over спецпроектом.
After returning to Moscow, have already met with Асламбеком Аслахановым, who 10 years ago was an adviser to the president of the North Caucasus and negotiating with terrorists, but also with an officer of the FSB, Russia's "B" Vyacheslav Бочаровым. "
What I am particularly shocked during work on this topic is that in Beslan was not like these ten years.
This issue is extremely painful for everyone who has some to her attitude, people hardly agree to talk about what happened.
The travel experience is very difficult.
But you cannot forget the Beslan and, I hope, with my task we have coped, "Antonov said.
Спецпроект prepared studio infographics holding Rambler & Co, a company which operates in the spring of this year.
Previous спецпроекты were dedicated to World War I and 15-years of Vladimir Putin.
North Korea conducted a short-range missiles
North Korea made the launch of short-range missiles into the Sea of Japan, according to "Ренхап."
The launch was about 10.30 a.m. local time from the province, located on the border of Чагандо North Korea and China.
Presumably, a rocket fell in the Sea of Japan, flying approximately 220 km, in the Joint Committee of the chiefs of staff of South Korea.
Lawmakers have proposed to accelerate the entry into force of the Law on Personal Data
In the case of the success of the initiative, the Russians cannot be stored on servers abroad from January 1, 2015
The Russian parliament introduced a draft law providing for transfer of the date of entry into force, have already adopted the law on the personal data of Russians - from 1 September 2016 on 1 January 2015.
The initiative is based on the legislative activities of the lower chamber.
Its authors were the deputies of the State Duma, Vadim Деньгин Yaroslav Nilov (LDPR), Evgeny Fyodorov (United Russia), Vladimir Парахин ("Just Russia") and Alexander Yushchenko (KPRF).
Such a change, according to the authors, the initiative will contribute to a more rapid and effective ensuring the rights of citizens of the Russian Federation on the safety of personal data and the secrecy of correspondence in informational-telecommunication networks.
Entry into force of the law, which obliges торопят parliamentarians, in the territory of the Russian Federation to store Russians' personal data, through the internet.
He also makes mandatory recording, trimming, accumulation, storage, and the extraction of personal data of citizens of the Russian Federation, in the databases, which are located on the territory of Russia, as well as information about the location of such databases.
In addition, the law gives Roskomnadzor law on the basis of a court decision to restrict access to information processed in violation of the laws of the Russian Federation in the field of personal data.
The law also proposes the creation of a so-called "black lists" сайтов-нарушителей automated information system - a Registry of human rights violators "of personal data."
This law was passed by the State Duma in the summer.
The authors of the bill were Andrei Lugovoy and Vadim Деньгин from the Liberal Democratic Party (LDPR) and Alexander Yushchenko from the Communist Party.
Деньгин and Yushchenko is also one of the authors of the current bill on the date of entry into force of law already adopted.
Those data centers in Russia, there is no need to pay the rent
Commenting on today's bill introduced in the State Duma, the first deputy head of the Duma Committee on information policy, Leonid Levin, said that he sees no problem in order to move the date of entry into force of the Law on the protection of personal data.
He said that those companies that by January 1, 2015, will have their own storage of personal data of Russians in the territory of the Russian Federation, will be able to rent them, for example, "if Rostelecom, who have repeatedly said that they are ready to provide their own servers and already provides its servers, the Mail Group, the Western companies that now provide their servers."
"In addition, there are several independent data centers, ready to cooperate in this area," he added.
"If companies decide to comply with the law and continue to work in the territory of the Russian Federation, I don't see problems - they will have the technological capability to accommodate," Levin concluded.
Controversial bill
Immediately after publication of the draft law, the Russian Association of Electronic Communications had concerns that, in the case of the adoption of the bill, the Russians will no longer be able to use many global facts.
In particular, we are talking about services online airline tickets and hotels.
According to the association, "the bill deprives businesses of the personal data of Russian citizens" right to manage their own data tell determining that their recording, systematisation, etc., must be provided only in the databases located in the territory of the Russian Federation. "
The statement stresses that more effective national security measure would create a mechanism to inform users about where is recording, systematisation of his personal data.
In this case, he will be able to choose which of these actions will be made.
The adoption of such bills as the "containment" of personal data in other countries has led to the establishment of global services and significant economic losses.
A test of icy water вывихнула jaw janitress stood there
Изабелл Roberts from Great Britain cried, so when her head выливали icy water that damaged the face.
It is test of icy water janitress stood there until the pain is gone.
The woman was hospitalized after she shouted during the icy water that вывихнула janitress stood there jaw.
Изабелл Roberts shouted so fiercely when, on her head выливали icy water that damaged the structure of the face.
"The water was so cold that I cried, but when I did, my jaw began checking," she told The Mirror.
Water are poured in 20 years.
Изабелл Roberts for seconds before the accident.
I tried to shut his mouth, but he did not, he stuck treatments.The location between, and then I came with an understanding that something is not right.
Then to my mum and sister came the same understanding and they started the Steering Committee, but I had to bring in an emergency department.
A woman from the UK's 20-year was taken to hospital for jaw вправить after participating in a popular involvement on Tuesday.
The clip was published and became интернет-сенсацией thousands of times on Facebook and Twitter.
Militias were handed over to the Ukrainian military, more than 400 prisoners
In "Army Новороссии" claim that downed a Ukrainian airport, and accuse opponents of violating the ceasefire agreement
Militias as of 10: 00 p.m. on September 1, was handed to the Ukrainian side 402 captives, 72 of whom were injured, as well as the bodies of 35 soldiers dead.
This press spokesman told Interfax, "Army Новороссии."
He added that "the air defense forces in the 2002-3 Мерешки downed plane Su-27, en ceasefire agreement."
According to the agency, the Ukrainian side with some артиллерийском луганского airport used cluster munitions forbidden by international conventions.
A representative of the press service said ополченцам overnight managed to corrupt two Ukrainian air force helicopter at one of the field of aerodromes, as well as to destroy two two-storied, and two warehouse with ammunition.
"The loss of manpower opponent - up to 100 people killed and wounded, but gave in 13 people" results, "chief spokesman.
Interfax did not have confirmation of this information from Ukrainian sources.
On Sunday the formation of "people's republics" of the Donbas said the transfer of the Ukrainian side to comply with the ceasefire regime 223 prisoners of war and soldiers of the National Guard of Ukraine.
At the same time of night ДНР army, according to the Army, '"Новороссии пресекла нацгвардейцев attempt in violation of agreements reached earlier to withdraw from the district's heavy equipment."
Then complained about the reported destruction скоротечном battle two tanks and two infantry, capturing six tanks and disarmament 198 servicemen.
According to the chief, the general of the enemy in all directions (Donetsk, Lugansk, Мариупольском) for the night to five of the eight tanks, armored combat vehicles, more than 120 people killed and wounded
At the end of last week, a large group of Ukrainian servicemen was surrounded by a militia in the area of Иловайска in Donetsk region.
Russia's President Vladimir Putin asked for the "people's republics" release of Ukrainian servicemen from the environment.
In ДНР agreed to go on this subject of enemy weapons and ammunition.
First, dozens of troops began to leave the settlements on Saturday morning.
According to the commander of the battalion's encirclement of Ukrainian territorial defence "Semenchenko, the Donbass": On the night of Sunday from the "cauldron" came another 14 people.
In its AI Semenchenko wrote that "the wounded are in captivity in 137 Regiment 32 division of the Russian Federation and the Russian Federation 9 Tank Brigade," where they are treated well.
Meanwhile, Russia's Foreign Ministry and Defense Ministry refuted reports of Ukrainian military and NATO about the presence of Russian troops in Ukraine.
The Russian Foreign Ministry: Russia would take retaliatory measures in the event of the introduction of the new EU sanctions
Russia reserves the right to take reciprocal measures to defend its legitimate interests in the case of the introduction of the new anti-Russian sanctions, according to the Russian Foreign Ministry.
In a message in Russian внешнедипломатического agency says that "imprisonment" of the European Council of 30 August demonstrated the inability of the EU to support them to overcome the inertia of what Kiev authorities.
Brussels continues to insist that Russia the situation in eastern Ukraine, based on a "totally unproven chemotherapy claims about the presence of Russian armed forces on the territory of the country," according to the agency.
The Russian Foreign Ministry expresses regret that, contrary to the interests of its Member States Евросовет influenced, countries that are interested in increasing confrontation with Russia.
Saimilar members should call for a peaceful settlement of the conflict in eastern Ukraine, and also to ensure the conditions for a genuine dialogue "between the conflicting parties," the agency said.
The agency also noted that currently there is no объективынх assessments of the humanitarian situation in the Donbas, where unfolded a full-blown humanitarian disaster, as well as the growing number of civilian casualties.
Recall that during the nearest семидневки plans to develop in the European Union and the specific proposals for sanctions against Russia.
While EU officials have worked closely with U.S. officials.
It is expected that they will correlate with measures imposed period of action and a degree of rigidity.
New sanctions could affect the energy and financial sectors.
Also, the Australian government announced expanded sanctions against Russia in defense, finance, and oil and gas industries.
Finding ways to save money on university textbooks
In view of the fact that the cost of university textbooks for many students more than $1000 a year, Matt Schroeder, who will go for a second course, came up with an ingenious way to reduce costs.
He developed a system of how to borrow books if they hire старшекурсников, offering a nominal compensation that they delayed their sale.
"My textbook on mathematical analysis, which typically costs $180 for the semester, I got $10 and biscuits" Chick-fil-A "," says Schroeder, 19, who is studying in Ковенант College in Georgia.
The literature on the cost would be $430 last semester, he said.
He spent $120.
According to the Council, the average college student spends $1,200 a year on books and supplies, but the students have a range of options to reduce these costs.
Students are increasingly choosing online stores and creative ideas, such as Schroeder system.
Rent books is becoming increasingly popular, allowing students to use the book for the semester, and costs are often considerably cheaper than buying them.
"Нибо Инкорпорейтид", which owns more than 250 university bookstores, reports that the volume of rental books grew by half since 2011.
Industry studies show that about a quarter of books in university bookstores during the past spring semester were taken, "said vice president of Нибо" Trevor Meyer.
Less than half of all books sold in university bookstores, according to the National Association of Choirs professional union shops. "
Here's introductory course on the best ways to make a deal.
Purchase in store
Sometimes, if you'll come out with a new book on the Internet, the cost could be one-third from what you see in the university bookshop.
The ninth edition of "Mathematical Analysis," Ron this, Bruce Edwards's and Robert Хостетлера worth about $290 privately, but a copy can be purchased for $239,99 site Chegg.com, which specialises in selling textbooks.
Buying a used
If you're not made against others or the damage second-hand textbooks are a good option.
"Mathematical analysis" sold for $93,49 подержанном form on to Chegg.com.
Matt Кэсэдей, 25 years later, a fourth year student at the University of Бригэм Young, said that paid 42 cents on Amazon.com for the textbook used copy of "strategic decisions in the media: An understanding of the business side of the advertising business."
The book sold for $48.
Teachers, for instance, Ingrid Брейси, director of "without walls" College at the University of Massachusetts in Эмхерсте, offers students refine their professors, it could use previous editions.
Sometimes the updates are insignificant for the class.
In such cases, the old editions can often be found in a very small fraction of the cost of the last edition.
In addition to websites Amazon and Chegg, Half.com, "owned by eBay Inc., is a popular alternative to buying second-hand books.
Hire
About to rent textbooks, think about it, if you're well enough with them, don't forget to return them and don't want to leave them alone after the course is completed.
You can save more than 80% of the cost of a new book.
For example, a student could rent a "Математический analysis" for a semester, for about $20.
Find out what the store, where you take the books, including any fines that you can write notes in the gallery, and damage.
If you take a book, remember: If you don't book, will regain fines may even exceed the cost of the new instance.
Electronic books
Electronic books instead of traditional textbooks is another option.
Sometimes, these books take the rent, buying electronic license for a certain period for retailers, such as Amazon.com, Chegg and Barnes & Noble Inc.
Rent "Mathematical Analysis" on the Web site Chegg.com for six months will cost approximately $61.
Брейси says that students who study literature, can often find the most advantageous prices, as many of the classics are now free, whereas literature on natural and engineering sciences can be quite expensive.
Despite that, осмотритесь.
Joe Голт, 29 years old, which is going to start their studies in high school, and recommends Legal Пеппердин use ISBN numbers to gauge prices for the book, because it ensures that you are looking for precisely the right you text.
But before you order online, "says Голт, be sure to check whether a book is in stock.
To him this lesson Hemsedal is not easy.
Delivery of the books, which he has acquired was postponed for four weeks, and, in the end, he paid the full price in the university bookshop.
Putin said about the complete ineffectiveness of the Far East Development Fund
Russia's President Vladimir Putin зявил at a meeting on the state priority investment projects in the Far East and the territories, that budget venture-capital fund development of the Far East, founded two years ago, inefficient, reports Interfax.
"The 15 billion rubles and remained on the deposits," said the president.
During the meeting, the head of state asked to speed up approval of the list of territories of advancing in the Far East.
He said that the law needed to create ТОРов should be introduced in the Duma this fall.
The federal assembly, said the president, before July 1, has not approved the list of territories of advancing in the Far East, and their criteria.
Vladimir Putin also formulated the basic tasks to ensure the development of the Far East.
Among them, improving transport in the region, removing infrastructure restrictions - on both the domestic market and for export.
Among other things, the need to attract in the region создатьпредпосылки additional investments, as well as a tiny territory that must be competitive in relation to the key business centres of the Asia-Pacific region, "the president said.
It was previously reported that the advancing may replace the SEZ.
Why "even" galaxies were not able to save cash
"Неудержимые 3" Silvester Stallone returned less than $30 million from his $90-миллионного budget in the United States, while "City of sins: A woman, for the sake of killing," which is worth only $12 in back of his $70-миллионного budget.
"Home video" with Cameron Diaz brought only $14.6 million in its first weekend, while children's movies, such as "Dragon 2" caste also disappoint revenue.
Article кинокритика Telegraph alfa Collina indicates that, when it comes to children's films, perhaps as bad as the movies themselves.
Collin called 2014 "and" the worst year in history in terms of children's films, and called "Dragon 2" barely "caste" continuation ’ s driveway.
However, when it comes to movies aimed at an audience of a few older, it seems that the problem is not necessarily in our own movies.
In July, Entertainment Weekly compared the average ratings CinemaScore Metacritic and every movie in the summer, with at least 2000 copies between Memorial Day holiday in May and 20 July, 2013 and this year.
Results, which take into account the opinion as кинозрителей and кинокритиков, suggests that the crop of films this year compared with last year's similar between the hits.
Some commentators suggest that it may be a spectator in the changing habits and growing popularity of streaming Internet services, such as Netflix.
Director John, who is currently working on a film coming soon in диснеевским "jungle Book" told the website Hollywood Reporter: "I think times are changing."
We should admit it and not try to chase what it was before.
Unlike the current falling cash fees in Hollywood, Netflix's streaming service from the play reached $1.2 billion, nearly double the figure in quite hit $837 accessed million.
Last summer, the director Steven Spielberg criticized studios for what they too rely on the comic book franchise, and predicted "a collapse" of Hollywood.
In the light of the current recession, some commentators argue that in its bleak предсказаниях was the truth.
In connection with the fact that in the summer of 2015 is expected to be out several potential cash hits, including "won the confidence of the Avengers: Age Альтрона Миньонов, '" and "Park" movies, the other representatives of the film industry are more optimistic.
The producer of "X Men" Simon Кинберг recently called falling cash fees simply "цикличным" Hollywood Reporter, saying: "Next summer will be the most cash in the summer in history, and nobody would worry about it."
Food sanctions do not frighten the owners of establishments with Caucasian and toppled a central food, but for the European and Japanese cuisine restaurants Russian suppliers - is a terrible dream.
And in general, while catering to replace outlawed the import of products not from Russia but from Latin America, Israel and China.
"Better have малосольный cucumber, mozzarella is bad," laments the chef of an Italian restaurant Barlotti Валерио Mariano on the quality of the cheese, which providers offer him in exchange for the Italian.
And mozzarella cheese буррата ended in the first, they have a shelf-life.
Long time now stocks should suffice for another couple of months.
What to do?
On the move?
In 2005 I was at Дорогомиловском market.
Mariano Валерио makes such eyes, that clearly: Shocking memories not released it so far.
There lay the meat on just 30 inches from the floor.
There's a cat!
Rats!
Then I said to our restaurants, we never won't buy on the Russian market.
I don't know, maybe now there, all that changed.
But the other day, I brought in a fish sample from the Far East.
So she was тухлой!
I said that I did not want to talk with the man who brought us to this.
Валерио wonders that many ordinary things for Italy for the Russian manufacturer in cardiorespiratory arrest.
A few years ago, I was forced to buy the beef.
In Italy, being hung meat in refrigeration chamber for 10 days at a temperature of 2 degrees.
It needs to become a отвисеться to расслабились muscles.
I did all of this with the local beef.
Then I asked: Where you took such a delicate meat?
I said: "This is yours, the Russian!
Why don't you do?
In five minutes' walk from a French restaurant Brasserie Barlotti "Bridge" kitchen hangs on a stop list, in which products are missing: French oysters,.
Restaurant chef "and" The Bridge "Brasserie Bar Strelka Режис Тригель is not as pessimistic as Валерио: Oysters from France has already replaced the oysters from Tunisia, and instead of French cheese restaurant will buy Swiss.
However, Режис becomes more emotional when it comes to Russian suppliers: "Cauliflower is 200 roubles.
I ask: "Why, on what basis it is worth so much?"
I say: "Well, we also need to earn money."
But the kale should not cost more than 80 roubles.
The Far Eastern oysters we buy by weight, but they live 15-20 years, imagine how much weighing their shell?
For it turns out that this суперделикатес.
It seems that Russian suppliers is one of the main sources of страшилок for foreign chefs.
The standard story: "The first three months everything was okay, then the quality has dropped."
The main claims: Russian suppliers could not sustain stable caliber and quality.
Many European restaurants do not know that they will come to an end when the reserves of cheese
Photo: Alexander Миридонов, Kommersant
Санкционное menu
On August 6, President Vladimir Putin signed a decree applying specific economic measures to ensure the security of Russia, which is basically food sanctions.
The country banned the import of pork, beef, a by-product from meat and poultry, meat, fish, shellfish, milk, yogurt, cheese, cheese, vegetables, fruit, nuts, sausage and sugar syrups.
Restaurants have begun чехарда with suppliers: Prices for food rose, there is an urgent need to seek counterparts from other countries.
This will affect the most expensive restaurants монокухней from France, Italy, Spain, in which products supplied directly from the "maternal" countries.
Общепиту education had before.
For example, when, at the beginning of 2014, the Rosselkhoznadzor banned the import of Australian beef, and the year before - the American and Canadian meat.
Suppliers established in return for supplies of beef from Argentina, Uruguay and New Zealand.
But лета-2014 proved to be much more serious sanctions.
However, on August 20, Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev approved amendments to the presidential decree, which lifted the ban on Atlantic salmon and trout fry безлактозное, milk, seed potatoes, corn, peas and onions сахарную for replanting.
The Italian Валерио hopes that sanctions might still смягчиться.
As long as there is uncertainty in some restaurants.
According to the company, "East-West", one of the largest suppliers of imported products in the HoReCa premium segment accounted for up to 70%.
"The expensive restaurants to change their menus under the produce of local farmers and other countries," says Sergei Mironov, Resurrection, owner of the agency "Рестконсалт."
If we are strong, for him it's not going to be a problem.
But we have very little such chefs, and the development of new menu items may take two to three months.
From the restaurant Brasserie Тригель "Bridge" prepared: Withdraw from 10-15% to dishes, yet half the menu - to recycle.
In restaurants with assorted kitchen are starting to replace dishes, for example steak of beef -- Beef Stroganoff the marble, "says Sergei Mironov.
"The cheeses from Europe can be replaced with Russian, Belarusian cheeses and cheeses from Serbia, Argentina, Tunisia, Chile - lists the" East-West "Oksana Глибчук.
Cream and milk products from Europe have counterparts in Russia and Belarus.
Chicken from the United States may be replaced by a chicken from Russia and Belarus, and salmon from Norway семга - salmon, семгой, those from Belarus and Chile.
The absence of vegetables and fruits of European production may be at the expense of domestic manufacturers, product offerings from Serbia, Moldova and China.
According to Mironov, rebuild their network components will be easier than премиальному segment: Hardly went to 16-year-old Italian mozzarella is able to distinguish from the Russian.
Although it is difficult to have institutions Ginza Project, he says.
The Ginza Project, several dozen restaurants under various brands and with their menu.
Leave plenty of time to replace, "said Mironov.
In Ginza declined to comment, citing a lack of owners in the country.
The owners of Café Caucasian and toppled a central kitchen stress that products from ex-Soviet republics ароматнее European
But many restaurants, and that sanctions are not affected.
These include schools with kitchen CIS: Georgian, Uzbek, Armenian and Azerbaijani.
"The Georgian kitchen no expensive products," says Хатуна Колбая, owner of the Georgian restaurants and cafes мэ Saperavi "Vai!."
All cheeses for us to do in Russia, the basis for many dishes - chicken fillets, exotic herbs we don't use. "
In Колбаи institutions have not yet removed from the menu of a single cuisine.
Timur colon, owner of the restaurants "Чайхона N1" with Uzbek cuisine, sanctions aren't too: He will have to change only sausages in New Zealand.
If our owned Russia imports from Uzbekistan, Azerbaijan and Kazakhstan, we even win in price, for us it will be cheaper than imports from Europe, "he says.
From the CIS can be cheaper to get to engineering, sausages, tomatoes, cucumbers, fruit.
The fact that brought from Central Asia, much better than the "plastic" from Italy, Spain and Turkey.
About Uzbek tomatoes all know that they are tasty, sweet.
No one speaks ill about it.
After the introduction of sanctions against Uzbekistan Олимбой Артыков Минсельводхоза spokesman said that plans to increase exports to Russia halved плодовоовощной products by 2016.
About its intention to replace the European imports in Russia almost immediately after the sanctions said Belarus and Kazakhstan.
Restaurants now that responded to a query, "" Money, "and also quite calmly respond to sanctions.
The McDonald's said that localization exceeds 85 per cent, and the network is working with 160 Russian suppliers.
According to Tatyana Богдановой, Head of the Charles Bridge on work with suppliers, about 80% of the food network buys in Russia, although they may experience temporary difficulties in supply of vegetables and increased prices for meat products that produce from the imported raw materials.
In "Теремке санкционные" products in general were "not more than 4%.
Not affected by sanctions and лапшичную Воккер "."
KFC, Burger King and "Крошка Картошка" on request "," Money, "has not responded, but other market participants said that the degree of localization of Burger King is substantially less than the McDonald's.
In the absence of Norwegian fish restaurant operators are willing to buy more than glad to present you our excellent Russian ruined
At its горбуше
Meanwhile, restaurant operators complain that prices are rising because of the increasing demand for local products.
"On products for" sticking "prices increased on average by 10-15%, for an Italian restaurant," Cherry "M & E" twice, "says Roman Рожниковский Resurrection.
Even Georgian restaurants in the cost of food will rise by 5-10%, concedes Колбая.
"East-West" denies this: "For example, the Belarusian milk products since the beginning of August, the lowest 10% to 15%."
"Brazilian suppliers raised prices for pork almost doubled," complained Sergei Cancer, deputy director general of "Стардогс."
Chicken legs rose by 35%.
Expect prices from China, maybe they остудят hot Brazilian head.
In the near future "will be in" Стардогсе increase the prices by 8%.
Now, and so very undesirable to raise prices, "says Cancer.
According to statistics, catering revenue growth for the second quarter of 2014, just 1.8%.
This is the smallest rate since 2010.
Retail prices will rise further, he admits, but it is unclear how quickly: While most of the work запаслось products for the next two months hoping to wait out their purchase prices.
But what will happen in the next two months, nobody knows.
On the square in front of city hall in Moscow is worth a dozen tents, trees and greenery.
In the center of the stage, the musicians play a waltz.
It is a festival of regional products with a funny name "there is time."
"We generally have long wanted to do a celebration of local food, and then just sanctions, we поторопились, organized the festival," said one of the organizers.
Behind the scenes with the musicians ended повар-грек prepares salad of pasta and homemade candy, the other was a master class in how to prepare by the карамелизированными apples.
All of Russian products that assure the organizers.
In tents - the achievements of the Russian economy.
Honey from Bashkiria, venison from Salekhard, vegetables from outside Moscow Совхоза "Lenin" name, cheeses from обрусевшего Jay Клоуза light.
"Salmon for restaurants, you can easily substitute other salmon fish species from the Far East," says the owner of the fish shop "his people" Philip Galkin.
We are an easy way for software interaction нерку, important, and that it is "royal горбушу salmon."
Yes, they are not as fat as the Norwegian salmon, because it is wild fish.
Norwegian salmon aquaculture is the same.
In his hands, he will not even stirs.
But our policies in the hands of the salmon you don't retain.
Only institutions without special claims agree to replace the Italian mozzarella is domestic
In the showcase, but his lie prawns with биркой 'Magadan', cod, mussels, муксун, with Crimea, a manager with the Far East.
Galkin is confident that it is time to move on from the Far East.
According to statistics, fishing in Russia in 2013 - more than 4 million tons, a significant part of the fish goes to Japan, Korea and even in the United States.
Imports of fish in 2013-м - about 800,000 tonnes.
Tobacconist 'His people "working in 2012, sells fish through the retailer until sanctions have served one and a half dozen restaurants, such as" Simple Things ".
Now to come back from 15 Галкину applications.
The same land mass could be done from our fish, "he горячится.
We заморочились, tried various recipes.
Now, if you sell the land through a million rubles a month.
Our fish cheaper in a few times, and shipping is a maximum of 15 rubles per kilogram.
In curling in the tent I cook portion of "Philadelphia" with кетой.
Unlike the rolls with семгой these accounts for longer chew, but the consciousness that this fish, native to our forces.
On the Web site stalls "His people" from different islands can vary, and there is even a note: Recoil Keyserts maritime окуня.
In суши-барах, however, replace the Norwegian salmon prefer Chilean.
Galkin explains that поварам laziness to invent new recipes with the far-eastern province of fish.
"The Russian fish suppliers we haven't offered," gives its explanation Bar owner Killfish Dmitri Evseev.
About the same situation with other products: Russian producers could take all that niche, but this is not happening.
According to the founder and co-owner of Boris Акимова LavkaLavka project, now we can talk about on imports from Europe and America imports from China, Israel and Latin America.
There are large multinational corporations, which have a powerful logistics and large volumes.
They are able to quickly replace blocked imports, in contrast to our farmers.
The ban will benefit from the first major producers in other countries, "says Akimov.
However, the industry has received in the past month and more alarming than food sanctions.
According to the results of the audits of off-schedule Rospotrebnadzor was temporarily suspended operations of three McDonald's in Moscow and two regional enterprises in Stavropol and Yekaterinburg.
"We are studying the essence of claims, the claims to determine the actions necessary to open the restaurants for visitors," said "Деньгам" at McDonald's.
No one really knows what will happen.
If everyone limited food sanctions, this is one option that you can survive, "said the employee, who spoke on condition of anonymity, a restaurant consulting company.
If we begin to close McDonald's across the country, the scenario is completely different.
"The Help" европротокол instead of traffic
Payment has to be to get help without traffic - so the Bank intends to stimulate the implementation in Russia "европротокола."
The Bank of Russia developed the draft guidance, according to which, on 1 September this year for receiving payments has to be smaller when you do without help.
This, however, is only about cases where the accident was framed by "европротоколу" without the participation of the traffic police.
That is when the accident took place only two cars, there is no physically affected persons, damage does not exceed the limit and both drivers have reached consensus on who the culprit of the accident.
2 August to limit payments for "европротоколу" constitutes 50 thousand rubles, and from 1 October in Moscow, St. Petersburg, as well as in Moscow and the surrounding areas will be increased to 400 thousand rubles.
The point is that sometimes, even with minor damage, in a situation where you can draw on the road, "" европротоколу drivers trapped in car accident, causing Smith.
Because if the policy has been to get the refund certificate was not without traffic.
Parameters laid out in the draft guidelines, and are designed to eliminate this obstacle in the way of implementation 'европротокола "in Russia.
According to them, the maximum payout has been in connection with the accident, without the police, must not be lower than the limit for "европротоколу."
But at the same time, she can't be above a certain limit, the treaty has insurance.
The idea, of course, useful and theoretically capable of relieving both its employees and the road.
But, more likely, it will not delight neither drivers nor insurers.
Last now talk about a serious threat to the growth of fraud, which could lead to the introduction of new rules on payments has.
As for the drivers, it is difficult to imagine what kind of work will have to be done, so as to overcome Russian conservatism.
In most cases, the driver would wait for inspectors, to a minor car accident, because more robust.
And we still do not know what will be easier -- or to convince drivers to win swindlers "европротокола reliability."
Savings certificate makes personalised and irrevocable
The Ministry of Finance wants ban on bearer savings certificates, but will allow banks to make them equivalent безотзывного contribution.
The Finance Ministry is preparing a bill that would prohibit savings certificates to the bearer.
In recent times, this tool is gaining popularity, as rates are higher here than on bank deposits.
In fact, savings certificates on the bearer not the bank deposit insurance system, and they are cheaper because they don't have to make payments to the Fund Deposit Insurance Agency (pointed out).
Successfully situation that is expected to take this step because of the small and medium-sized banks, spreading such certificates, and suffer from Sberbank and Bank of Moscow, which is estimated to control pointed out that 98% of the level of the market.
With the Bank of Moscow, according to the agency, which is about 3.5 percent.
The problem, explains pointed out, lies in the fact that a small bank customers who bought such a certificate, in case of license revocation if he is trying to get money in pointed out.
Some depositors, not having sufficient financial literacy and buying savings certificates on bearer, may assume that their investment is insured.
The absence of reasonable insurance payments on these certificated in case of license revocation if the bank can lead to misunderstandings and social tensions.
In practice, there have been cases in which the agency issuing the certificate предъявительских tried to seek redress through the courts, "he said in a pointed out.
The problem, of course, made-up.
The certificates pay buyers still nobody will, because under the law they have no right to compensation from the State.
If this was in fact an instrument that is insured in pointed, together with him and would have banned metal accounts, which means citizens are one of four grams in precious metals, gold, silver, platinum and palladium.
Since these accounts do not fall into a system of deposit insurance, but their existence until nobody deprives.
It is likely that the bearer certificates are very comfortable, which actually can act in the role of квазиденег.
With almost no control of their movement: The bank can buy a certificate to any citizen, and such a change could be cashing lots of bosses.
It is not by chance that the draft that savings certificate must be issued in paper value, which must be stored in depositories.
But Putin ’ s banks are allowed to issue such certificates without the right to early repayment.
They have introduced similar безотзывного contribution, which has long been a dream of the bankers.
NATO summit: The first protests in Нюьпорте and Cardiff
The weekend protests were those who opposed the NATO summit in Newport.
On Saturday, hundreds gathered in the center of the march against the NATO burgs.
And at Cardiff on Sunday, about 150 people gathered at the Town Hall Кардиффа on what was described as антисаммит.
Steven Фэйрклау watched for developments for us throughout the weekend and talked with the protesters, who have come from everywhere: From Бридженда to Belgium.
Germany will send to Iraq 30 anti-tank systems
Germany will supply weapons to Iraq to counter the militants from the terrorist group "Islamic State," according to August 31, ITAR-TASS reported, citing a decision taken at the end of the meeting, of representatives of the German government led by Chancellor Angela Merkel.
It is reported that Germany would send to Iraq 30 portable anti-tank missile complexes, Milan and 500 weapons to them, as well as eight thousand G3 assault rifles, and to design special innovative mufflers.
Deliveries will be made until the end of September.
In addition, Iraq has decided to allocate 50 million euros in humanitarian aid.
On September 1, Ms Merkel in the Bundestag will be a statement from the government on this issue.
So far Germany has not supplied the weapon in "hot spots."
Opinions of the Federal Republic of Germany over sending the Iraqis have weapons.
Some people believe that the only way to stop the fighters from the "Islamic State", others fear that the weapons could eventually fall into the hands of terrorists.
Destroyed so much Ukrainian militias patrol boat in Sea of Azov
In Donetsk destroyed so much Ukrainian militias patrol boat in the Sea of Azov, ITAR-TASS reported on August 31.
According to the available data, it's happened to the Gulf near the settlements and Безыменное Широкино (10-20 km east of Mariupol.
A number of Ukrainian media report about some two Coast Guard boats.
Adding that the incident occurred today at about 16: 20 Moscow time.
The teenagers were taken away by helicopter with Голубых mountains
Two подростка-бушуокера were delivered by helicopter to safety after he spent the night, trapping itself in Голубых Mountains of New South Wales.
16-year-old girl and an 18-year-old young man went to hike shortly after noon Sunday in the Блэкхите Говеттс Leape.
Concerned family members called the police around 8 p.m., when they returned home.
The group was sent to search that included local police and rescue unit, and the pair have about 11 p.m. near the waterfall брайдал Weil.
The girl damaged knee, and the young man fell and another bruise his head.
The officers stayed with the couple for the night, and they raised on лебедке on Monday morning.
They drove the ambulance in a stable condition in hospital after all Маунтинз.
The two met union
At the highest level talks in Minsk is not decided, for the sake of problems which were called back, but created a new format: The first European Union officials met with the chief executives of the Eurasian future
If lifestyle changes have fuelled an alarming and concerning the situation around Ukraine (very urgent does not tolerate), the leaders of the EU and Customs Union for the first time discussed a number of "hot issues."
Whether or not this structure can work effectively, it is unclear; but it is clear who withdrew from the cream of this summit.
Questions on this one evening on August 26, when the Belarusians, and followed them and other евразийцы Europeans saw a television with a new President Lukashenko.
The Belarusian leader revealed отточенной example of talent, it's the behavior of a man who had just caught the jackpot - and is planning a decent old age in high society.
As Maidan helped Lukashenko
Arrival in Minsk just three major European commissioners (of EU ministers), who met with Mr. Lukashenko and allowed him to play in the final briefing on their behalf -- not just легитимация president for the past 20 years.
This is an application for recognition of a full European policy and the campaign of the Ukrainian crisis.
A senior analyst at the Institute for Strategic Studies: Denis Мельянцов believes that Brussels would not have to talk to Minsk in the same tone as before.
"What Catherine Ashton met face to face with Lukashenko, gives reason to believe that the relationship with the EU will be размораживаться and beyond," he said "Огоньку."
This is the tip of the iceberg hidden part: Preparing to push the Belarusian authorities began long before November Maidan in Kiev - 2013-го last summer.
"The results have been achieved and the EU is the successful negotiations on visa facilitation and readmission, dialogues about modernization," lists interlocutor of Ogonyok which had -- and with the United States held talks on international security.
Even some United States removed sanctions.
As regards the Ukrainian events, then they themselves and reaction to them, only Belarus invoked another influx of this process.
Minsk, on the one hand, managed to preserve relations with Ukraine are warm enough, to not lose much in mutual trade, and President Poroshenko could come to Belarus for talks.
On the other hand, the leader of the Senate, which has not recognized the annexation of Crimea by Russia and urged to punish pro-Russian militia in the Donbas with the severity, and quarreled with Moscow.
Minsk has not released any of the Customs Union, nor from the Collective Security Treaty Organisation (CSTO), and the web is a Russian air base.
Brussels and Washington have noticed a balanced position on the Ukraine issue in Minsk - and appreciated her confident Belarusian experts.
How successful will be Lukashenko's political movement to diversify, will be seen as often in the near future to meet in Minsk ever EU format + TC.
The press office of the EU High Representative for Foreign Policy Catherine Ashton and diplomacy have failed to answer questions about what Brussels expects relations in the new format.
A spokesman for Ashton said only "Maya Косьянчич Огоньку" that decisions on issues of war and peace, this issue is not a priority.
While there are reports that following a meeting on the Ukraine issue involving officials in the new format may be, and Kazakhstan.
A drop of tar in Minsk was the statement of President Nursultan Nazarbayev, in which he admitted that about him, it turns out, personally asked representatives of the European Union.
Nevertheless, the final briefing Alexander Lukashenko made it clear: All parties opposed to the Minsk, remained the central platform for meeting both Россия--ОБСЕ--Украина format, and at the level of Heads of State and high representatives of the European Commission.
This means that "the last dictator in Europe" quite рукопожатного acquires the status of a European leader who helps solve a global problem.
Farmer's best friend
Already the EU delegation, which included еврокомиссаров on trade and energy, pushed to the conclusion: The main underlying reason for the summit -- not the tragic situation in the Donbas, and economy.
In fact, сверстанное meeting schedule future talks on the gas supply and to overcome the fear of CU on the agreement about an association between Ukraine and the EU looks more robust than the achievement of peace declaration without specific dates and numbers.
Trade Commissioner Karl De Гюхт, nevertheless, on EU representatives: "Arrived in Minsk to seek a political solution to the crisis which has economic consequences, and not vice versa."
It seems, however, that the economy and the crisis in Ukraine "works" in Belarus.
Its consequences - and primarily reciprocal sanctions from the West and Russia, offer cut-price, who is himself under pressure, yet санкционное with room for maneuver.
According to the head of the Mises Research Centre, Yaroslav Романчука Belarus, European investors are actively interested in opportunities for agricultural exports to Russia to bypass sanctions.
Under this scheme, which is nominated for President Vladimir Putin in Minsk summit пожурил.
"Billions of these schemes," said Romanchuk Огоньку "," are not the Belarusian businessmen and Russian companies.
They worked on a scheme for the supply of goods, including from Poland, Germany, Lithuania, and today these schemes were destroyed.
Russian business is in desperate need of something to restore them, even through the mediation of the Belarusian authorities.
The second story, "the expert continues," is linked to the fact that many Ukrainian companies are not averse to establish production in Belarus from the raw materials are also focusing on the Russian market.
The Ukrainian producers about $4 billion of exports to Russia, and the Belarusian производственно-торговые scheme now could be very popular. "
According to Романчука, the role of the host site for the negotiations, the EU and the CU is ideal for Lukashenko and from the point of view of the development of economic ties with Europe.
He recalls that the losses from the agricultural sector, the EU sanctions against Moscow are estimated at 5-10 billion euros, and the Commission is currently proposed 5.45 only 125 million euros in compensation.
The Belarusian president could offer to Brussels to work together to minimise the consequences for еврофермеров.
This could raise the authority of Lukashenko to the EU to unprecedented heights.
Hospitality without initiatives
Catherine Ashton, the Belarusian authorities have thanked the initiative for the summit.
But the paradox is that Minsk from his active role in the birth of the CU + открещивается EU format, and the Belarusian leader at a meeting with Ukrainian counterpart emphasized that the new format and it was.
"It was your suggestion to come, without any навала discuss, not with бухты-барахты decide, after signing the Association Agreement with the EU, to sort out the situation, which at that time was in Ukraine," he said, before the cameras by Peter Poroshenko.
However, observers interpreted it as an attempt to mollify Moscow, she reportedly was initially against the intermediation of Minsk, which greatly increases his political weight.
In Belarusian diplomatic establishment carefully emphasize that cooperation between the EU and Belarus in the organization on its soil does not pursue the goal of pursuing such a format, but the ultimate goal is to create in the future, a single economic space from Lisbon to Vladivostok.
"This is absolutely in the spirit of those concepts which, in other fields, in particular in the field of security, and promotes the leadership of our strategic ally, the Russian Federation," the Foreign Ministry said "Огоньку" in Belarus, which has, in recent times, with the word gradual.
In Moscow may appear under the entry area
The government considers the option of introducing zones with Moscow paid entry as a method of combating перегруженностью central roads by analogy to other major cities around the world, reports citing заммэра М24.ru Moscow in matters of transport, Maxim Ликсутова.
One of the options, which successfully disguised themselves, is paid to enter.
It is the expert opinion, we will examine it, take a look at the pluses and minuses.
We talk about the fact that, on this occasion taken any decisions until early, "said Ликсутов.
Заммэра emphasized that for authorities is very important experience of Asian cities, which are similar in structure and combining with Moscow.
One of the decisions taken in these countries is implemented is already building the beltway, Ликсутов added.
Recently, since the construction of the Central beltway - is an example of the fact that not all traffic must pass through Moscow.
If there was sufficient infrastructure объезда, don't need to have transit traffic in Moscow, "said заммэра.
Maxim Ликсутов also said that the introduction of paid parking significantly revived metropolitan streets.
And, he said, city authorities do not plan to stop there.
Recall that on August 26, the mayor of the Russian capital, Sergei Sobyanin take part in the construction of the first bookmark Doriss complex in Central Moscow ring road (ЦКАД).
Boredom sinful
Frank Miller and Robert Rodriguez film "City грехов-2: Woman, for which it did not kill" the revolution, which might have been expected from him.
The first "City of sins" (2005), at minimum, but symbolic, Tarantino, performed a revolution in the relationship between movies, comic books and literary нуаром.
The sequel also is revolutionary in its own way, in the sense that it erodes fundamental to modern thinking chain "thesis" dimples "synthesis" (if you understand as a thesis and antithesis нуара universe, the cosmos "comic book).
From now on, it should read: "Thesis" dimples "chaos."
"The city and the драматургическом хаотичен грехов-2", and the philosophical level, both times he was in a bad mood хаотичен sense of the word.
Yes, the characters are familiar for the first part of "City," although this громила Марв Рурк (Mickey), I remember, had finished a life to death by electric chair, and then, nothing, just to rile and - in the role of -- from the air has дружинника knives and axes удавками.
But just imagine old elbowed newcomers like вломившиеся in the city from some other movie about the meaning and the story which spectators are asked not to worry.
So, our own history, shamelessly оборванная authors in an interesting spot, суперудачливого player Johnny (Joseph Gordon-Levitt's).
Editorial - похотливо-фригидной Eve Lord (Eva Green) and her something мстящего Dwight (Josh Бролин).
But this confusion, in which Dwight in, say, a person cannot distinguish from Johnny, the more that person, as well as other parts of the body, demolishing characters with an implacable arming regularity, "not a problem, and not even only half the problem.
It's not people, we understand that this is a fatal flaw: Archetypes нуара smoothly, too confident in myself, "one player in медовую trap" sex detective, corrupt упырь-сенатор.
Oh, and as an archetype and an archetype погоняет вальсирует with an archetype, it is no longer a movie, read as abstract painting.
Abstract painting and ask questions about the logic of the story is simply ridiculous.
Besides, even in this суматошном world have something permanent.
Ppg fighting from the first "City" still keep circular defense from their native осаждающих slums forces of darkness.
Yes and no, the ghost of detective Хартигана yes and came to light, and the Bruce Willis it's always fun to look at.
The main problem, "Cities грехов-2" is in another.
Frank Miller was good, because both рисовальщик joined comic нуар and bed, and as a director - turned the idea of how the transposition of comics on the screen.
Comic and нуар - two aggressively opposing "reality."
Localized phenomenon in modern form, were born at the end of the 1920s, then, when novels Дэшила Хэммета it "harvest" (1929), Maltese (1930) and "Стеклянный key" (1931), then a canon нуара именовавшегося hard-boiled mètres "cool school".
Oh and sanarium.
Panorama 41 gave many dozens of heroes: From морячка Попая пожирателя baked - giving him a mighty force, Batman and Superman, Dick Tracy to сыскаря Халка, Spider-Man, Thor and the other "мстителей."
But in any movies based on comic book characters: There was something intrinsically painted stubbornly unwilling обрастать on-screen flesh remained притворяшками around them willy-nilly in the "real" world.
Simply put, they were deprived of the 100,000 Serbs "life."
Нуар, in contrast, the most existential genre of world literature.
After the world wars - with the traditional novel experiences, personalities, family scandals and historical background - has lost all credibility.
What Форсайты what Тибо Ругон-Маккары and which even Болконские attended and generally мыслимы after Вердена, Auschwitz and Hiroshima?
This novel very peacefully in the format of the series, as well as criminal - that is, by definition, a novel возвысился marginal to the level of philosophical prose.
Hammett found out the hard way that such work санитаром at the front.
He was a communist.
As, incidentally, were at least close to the Communist Party and such pillars of genre writers as Horace McCoy and Jim Thompson, the directors of FAB, Joseph Лоузи Дмитрик, Edward.
However нуар archetype, whom they asked, firstly, rude and cynical, and secondly - purely social.
It is neither the American variant of Socialist Realism.
The first "City of sins" was remarkable it is that desperate, but seamlessly connected with нуаром comic.
For the first time at the screen came alive at this point, the comic isn't shy of its graphic nature, and never pretended to be "real" film.
The darkness of the venal world, where Cardinal ordered murders, but the senator was quite monstrous сына-садиста suit worthy Хэммета pen.
But scenic parts such as heads, which imitated садист декорировал гнездышко his pen, the genius of James Ellroy, author of "Black orchids" and better - i.e. declarations тошнотворного неонуара representative said.
"City" is not even грехов-2 retreat, and the capitulation of radical style Миллера--Родригеса before localized tradition.
Perhaps this has happened because of 3D technology.
When looking at the "City of sins," feel themselves prisoners in a glass ball, inside which toy клоаку snow falls.
However, more often than not it's not the snow, and bloody ошметки, but basically what's the difference?
Well how about and say nothing.
It is only when we have somewhere, in some places, and sometimes even dirty on the side of the swamps, but there is a world where you can bring the curve пошедшую carpet girl, say, or tell parents that her tour murmured punished.
When the city of sin, there is no place for anything, except sin, and sin no грех-то already, and not the norm.
Boring, as every norm.
"Just chaos" Cities грехов-2 is dull. "
For the sake of domestic car has a small dairy that sin, but перчинку.
Warning: Transitions in the film contains harmful smoking scenes.
In relation to зрелищу Vegetarian, in the episode in which a man break his fingers, it gives щипцами: Humor.
Хэммету would have liked.
French Socialists should "заткнуться and lead France to order," says a key ally Фрасуа revolt
Mr Валль called deeply разделившиеся left forces "demonstrate relevance" to a prisoner who has undergone attacked президенту-социалисту, whose reshuffle does not have the approval of the vast majority of the French.
Every president deserves respect, he deserves our loyalty, he deserves our support.
"It is our duty to remain with him," he said, prompting applause.
As a gesture of reconciliation, the Prime Minister insisted that his government will not put into question the controversial 35-hour week in France, despite the conflict past proposals, it should weaken the rules made Эммануэлем Макроном, the new economy minister, earlier this week.
On Saturday Mr Hollande pleaded with his comrades in the Socialist Party to remain "united" with the government.
However, the minister, Christian Тобира юситции put the stick in the wheel of the dissenting members of Parliament from the Socialist Party and the Socialist Party for those that she has allowed the French "lose faith in the future."
Marine Sava multihulls, leader of the extreme right National Front, expressed contempt for the permanent internal conflicts among Socialists, saying that it is not that the new government Валля lasts longer than a few months.
Francois Hollande the king is naked, and naked Prince Manuel Валль, forced to collect the new government, when the former not продержалось and summer.
"And also won't last autumn or winter", told reporters Mrs multihulls Baghdad.
She repeated her party's call for the dissolution of Parliament, saying that she was confident that the Party could easily win the elections and is ready to run.
France's ruling party suffered a defeat in the March municipal elections, and the extreme right National Front came first in EU elections in May.
Sunday GLUGHH du Journal poll found that 76 percent of the French believe that the Socialist Party is in danger of unravelling on several соперничающий factions before the end of the term, Mr. Zedillo in 2017.
Pascal Перрино, a political scientist from the University Сьянс, Nationwide warned that the French quickly lose patience if the new socialist government will not be able to improve the economy and record unemployment.
"He had very little time, but public opinion needs to be quickly feel that something is changing," he warned.
Otherwise, the situation could be even worse.
"The city, without the drug" was left without any claim
We left without consideration of arbitration claim распорядительной Regional Directorate of the Ministry of short fund to "City Without Drugs."
Agency intended to organize more than 7 million rubles as payment for the rental of buildings in the center of Yekaterinburg.
However, the claimant never appeared twice in court.
Today, the arbitration tribunal of the Sverdlovsk region left without consideration by the executive action of Property Management Directorate for Competition (in the region) to fund "City Without Drugs" (one of the founders of the mayor of Yekaterinburg, Russia - Evgeny Ройзман).
Representatives of regional authorities intended to rescue organization with 7.3 million rubles as payment for the rental of the building.
Today, it became known that the plaintiff has not appeared twice in court, and the decision was taken to refuse to consider.
The cause of the Competition Directorate officials were unable to explain, head of the legal department at the Maxim Titov did not respond to phone calls.
Representatives of the fund also failed to contact.
Remember, we are talking about the mansion, which was held in the city centre on the street for 19, at no cost in 2011.
This decision was taken экс-губернатором Мишариным Alexander.
In November 2012, распорядительная Property Management Directorate of the Ministry of the Sverdlovsk region, we filed a lawsuit in an arbitration court for eviction from the building fund.
According to the suit, the agency required a court to declare the treaty through незаключенным gratis особняка-памятника location.
According to the Competition Directorate, in agreement were not recorded significant terms of the lease of an object of cultural heritage.
We arbitration court rejected the suit, then the 17th was appealed to the arbitration court in Perm, which was granted.
Then, in the same court fund appealed against the decision, which was left without cover, after which the decision was appealed in the Supreme Arbitration Court, but the court accepted the Directorate.
In 2013 he was awarded a new lease agreement under which the fund again started to pay the rent, the city told the Eugene Ройзман.
The rent was appointed 300,000 roubles a month.
The previous administration handed us this building in the gratuitous use of acknowledging our achievements in the fight against drugs, in a sign of respect for the Fund.
The current administration has decided differently, "he said.
Tatiana Дрогаева, Yekaterinburg
Why mayor of Yekaterinburg offered to leave voluntarily
On July 24, Municipal Duma deputy mayor Alexander Косинцев suggested United Russia conceded second Yekaterinburg city, Evgenia Ройзману Municipal Duma Speaker to resign.
The occasion was a criminal case in relation to who was arrested on suspicion of the murder of пенсионерки Municipal Duma MP Oleg Кинева associate, is considered Mayor.
As Evgenia Ройзману have criminal case
On July 1, it became known to open a criminal investigation into the "defamation" of the RF Criminal Code (Article 128.1) in Yekaterinburg mayor Yevgeny Ройзмана.
This was reported by the Ministry of Interior in the Sverdlovsk region, where it has the relevant statement, general director of the legal center for "Protection" Anna Filatov.
She said that Mr. Ройзман accused her in their records in the blog that she is implicated in crimes that allegedly made her former spouse.
The mayor of Yekaterinburg is convinced that "this is yet another attempt to avenge the truth."
The iPhone will make in the wallet
In the run-up to the 9 September, when Apple will unveil its new design, new leaks in the press are all about what we can expect from the presentation.
Citing sources, the American media reported that the sixth generation of the iPhone will be equipped with a mobile wallet function in a joint project, and Apple's payment systems Visa, MasterCard and American Express.
According to Bloomberg, and moves a Re / code, the presentation of new products on September 9, Apple also may announce a joint project with Visa, MasterCard and American Express, as a result of the new smartphone, the iPhone 6 will feature a mobile wallet.
The company reject any comments on this matter.
This feature allows you to make a payment in a store, or using a smartphone.
Identification of the payment will be carried on the user has a fingerprint using Touch ID.
It is reported that the iPhone will have NFC technology for the first time (if at all), which allows you to make a payment using contact-free smartphone and corresponding считывающего devices on hand.
The NFC technology will be available through special микропроцессору from Dutch high-tech (former Philips Semiconductors NXP).
For the first time feature NFC was presented in 2004 in the framework of the cooperation between companies from Sony, Nokia, Philips Semiconductors and over a hundred other companies included in the so-called NFC Forum - Association for promoting this technology.
The first phone with NFC was released by Nokia in 2006.
The first Android smartphone with NFC - Samsung Nexus S - was introduced in 2010.
In May 2011 Google introduced Google successful system that allows users to strap their cards to their Google account and pay using a smartphone to Android.
However, American experts emphasize that, despite large investments in high-technology companies promoting the technology of NFC, American retailers are still cautious attitude to innovation and not too willing to spend money on equipment of its stores of such systems.
So now, observers are hoping that Apple's entry into this market will force retailers to implement this technology and accelerate more actively in their own retail outlets.
The French Foreign Ministry in Paris: Position relative to supply in Russia "Мистралей doesn't change."
French Foreign Ministry spokesman said about Nadal St.Petersburg; Nizhniy Novgorod unchanged position regarding the delivery of helicopter carriers to Russia going. "
"I can recall the statement by the President of the Republic (François), made in an interview with the newspaper Le Monde on August 20:" Today, the sanctions do not prevent the delivery.
It is the Europeans, not France, "RIA Novosti quoted Mr. Nadal's forehand". "
So, spokesman for the French Foreign Ministry answered the question, does not affect whether a deteriorating situation in Ukraine on the changing positions of Paris in the implementation of this contract
Read more about the supply of helicopter carriers to Russia, read an article in the journal "demonstration" going about our ".
Ukraine's Security Council: Over the past day in the zone of military operations killed seven servicemen
Spokesman for Ukraine's National Security and Defense Council, Andriy Lysenko, said that over the past day in the zone of hostilities in the eastern part of the country's seven Ukrainian soldiers were killed and another 25 were wounded.
The situation is extremely difficult under Иловайском.
Until the operation is completed the withdrawal of troops from the entourage, details оглашаться will not.
Upon completion of the transaction will be made publicly available data on the losses and the reasons for the current situation.
Those responsible for this situation will bear responsibility, "Mr. Lysenko said, refusing to further discuss the situation under Иловайском, where several Ukrainian battalions in the environment.
According to the NSDC representative, "everything is being done to return soldiers who found themselves in captivity", reports ITAR-TASS.
Mr Lysenko also said that Ukrainian military departed from Luhansk airport in the direction of the 2002-3 Георгиевка.
Read more about the situation in eastern Ukraine, read the article in Kommersant of "Arsen Аваков: The first Ukrainian military left the entourage under Иловайском."
A furious Cruise is approaching $3-миллиардной deal with prestige Cruises
A furious NCHL.O Cruise Line Holdings Ltd, the third-largest cruise operator in the world, is in the final stage of negotiations for acquiring a similar company prestige Cruises International Inc for about $3 billion, according to people familiar with the situation.
The deal would have provided a furious Cruise, a company with a market стоимстью $6.8 billion, access to круизным luxury vessels and their prestige client Cruises, as it competes with larger rivals, Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd (RCL.N) and Carnival Corp (CCL.N).
An agreement could be announced this week, sources said on Sunday, warning that negotiations could still fail.
The owner of the prestige Cruises, private investment firm Apollo Global Management LLC (APO.N), which also owns a 20 percent stake in the furious Cruise.
The sources asked to remain for certain reasons unnamed at present, because the negotiations are not public.
Representatives of Cruise and furious Cruises has not responded to requests to comment, while a spokesman for Apollo declined to comment on the information.
A furious Cruise, based in Miami, runs 13 ships cruise liners on the routes covering North America, the Mediterranean, the Baltic Sea, to Central America and the Caribbean.
Her income was $2.57 billion in 2013, 13 per cent more than in 2012.
Prestige Cruises, based in Miami, operates under the brands of Regent and Oceania, which together hold eight cruise liners, which go to Scandinavia, Russia, the Mediterranean, North America, Asia, Africa and South America.
She declared income of $1.2 billion in 2013, 6 per cent higher than a year earlier.
It is expected that $29-миллиардной cruise industry will have a salutary effect in the following years the growth of a middle class in emerging economies, such as China and India.
Companies are rushing to position himself as the preferred cruise operators, these new customers.
Prestige Cruises was registered in the United States governing bodies for the initial public offering of shares in January 2014.
Apollo become a major shareholder in the company after the $850-миллионной deal in 2007.
A furious Cruise was created as it exists now, in 2000 as a result of the merger with круизным operator Genting (GENT.KL) outdoor Bhd. конгломерату, entertainment and a casino, находившемуся controlled by Malaysian billionaire Lim is Thea.
Apollo invested $1 billion in a furious Cruise in 2008.
A furious Cruise has become a public company in January 2013.
Shares in Genting was 28 per cent stake in Apollo, was 20 percent, and private investment company MED Capital LP was 8 per cent stake in the company, according to a report at the end of June, according to reports.
Carnival, Royal Caribbean Cruises and Cruise furious together accounted for 82 percent of cruise passenger traffic in North America, according to registration documents at the first public offering of prestige Cruises.
The orange "Crimea" could get 250 million subsidy
In Russia, state TV suggest the swamp out "Crimea" $250 million in 2014.
According to the draft Regulation of the swamp, a single portal for disclosure of information about the regulations, subsidies planned to "spend for spending on creating conditions for large-scale news coverage of the socio-economic situation and development of the modern information space on the territory of the Republic of Crimea."
Also, the money will go to buy equipment, repair roofs and power systems in the TV building, founded in 1959, reports RIA Novosti.
Activists of the democratic movement in Hong Kong срывают performance by the Chinese representative on the day after the decision on elections
A group of citizens, loyal to Beijing, stood nearby waving the Chinese flag.
A Standing Committee of the 11th National People's Congress on Sunday identified the procedure in which only two or three candidates would be allowed to take part in the election of Hong Kong's leader in 2017.
All candidates must first obtain the support of the majority of members of the Committee on the appointment, which will probably be full of Beijing лоялистов.
Decision makes it almost impossible for the democratic opposition to the ballot and made the activists of the democratic movement once again promise to stop the financial center of Hong Kong's "Occupy Central" protests.
Political reform is the main source of tension in Hong Kong, as the Chinese party leaders fear that the call for democracy will spread to other cities.
Following the publication of Beijing, Chinese control over Hong Kong in June, activists of the democratic movement held an unofficial referendum on the ballot in the special administrative region, and hundreds of thousands left in the business center of the town and staged сидячую strike.
Li's briefing organized by the Hong Kong government and Chinese Liaison Office in Hong Kong.
Vice chairman of the 11th National People's Congress Standing Committee Ронгшун) and deputy director of the Hong Kong and Macau Affairs Office of the State Council Фенг Wei also were supposed to perform at a series of briefings during the day.
Студенты-активисты stated that they will bring together the heads of government of Hong Kong in the afternoon.
Britain never spoke about democratic governance in Hong Kong until the last days of 150 years of colonial rule.
Israeli authorities intend to attach the 400 hectares of land belonging to the Palestinian Authority
The Israeli government announced that intend to attach the 400 hectares of land on the west bank of the river Jordan, belonging to the Palestinian Authority.
As the BBC reports, "the decision to annex land South Вифлием connected with the desire to repay over the abduction and killing of three Israeli teenagers in June this year.
The Israel Defense Forces said министрество territory on Sunday and has ordered the military to establish administrative controls on the west coast.
According to a representative of Gaza Саиба Ариката, the world community must hold Israel accountable for the "ongoing поселенческую activity on the west bank of the Jordan and in East Jerusalem."
Putin demands from Kiev to start negotiations on the "statehood" of eastern Ukraine
According to Russian news reports about his comments, Russian President Vladimir Putin demanded Sunday that the Ukrainian government has stopped fighting with separatists in the east of the country and immediately started negotiations on the "statehood" отделившегося region.
His spokesman, Dmitry Peskov, later discloses that Putin had in mind the hint that восточноукраинская territory controlled by separatists will become part of Russia, but that we need to reconsider its status within Ukraine, to give any русскоговорящему region to protect their rights and interests.
However, Mr Putin's call for the Government to start negotiations with the very insurgents as well as government-controlled with equal with obvious strategy, which he follows with bloodshed began five months ago, to help bring the separatists and the Ukrainian government to force новопровозглашенной Новороссии of de facto independence, to closer ties with Russia rather than with the West.
In an interview with state television First Channel, Putin condemned the Ukrainian military campaign to return the separatists in the eastern Donetsk territory retained and Lugansk areas that were captured in March and April, after Moscow аннексировала Ukrainian peninsula Crimea on March 18.
The Kremlin and the separatists have recently captured territory Новороссией, or New Russia, the name, which refers to the дореволюционным glory days of the Russian empire.
Putin said that anyone who believes that peace talks will occur in the near future, as Ukrainian politicians to campaign for parliamentary elections on October 26, and while government forces attacking peaceful settlements of the separatist held regions - "пленник illusions," ITAR-TASS reported.
"We must immediately begin substantive talks and not only technical issues but also on the political organization of society and the national status of Southeast Ukraine, in order to serve the interests of the people living there," he said.
Peskov said that Putin's words about the state had in mind in the context of a broader autonomy that was discussed during months with leaders in Kiev in an attempt to allay fears in Russian-speaking regions that their cultural and language rights at risk.
Only the government can give the necessary autonomy to the eastern regions, "said Peskov.
It is not a matter for discussion between Russia and Ukraine, Peskov said, "because this is not a conflict between Russia and Ukraine, and an internal Ukrainian conflict."
Press secretary the Kremlin's intervention to rectify incorrect "interpretation of the words" Putin underscored Russian leaders behave in relation to the rebellion in the breakaway eastern otherwise than open the seizure of Crimea, where ethnic Russians are the majority 2-миллионного population.
Moscow had to withstand much more heavy battle to attach even the Donetsk region of eastern Ukraine and Луганскую, since most of the 6.5 million residents are Russians, and before the start of the conflict, polls show broad support for the desire to remain inside Ukraine.
Autonomy, which Russian diplomats discussed at international forums gave regional governments in the Ukraine power to trade agreements and foreign policy, essentially giving the Kremlin the de facto control of the territory, which would be the main territory of Russia teamed with unverifiable.
On the Black Sea peninsula, присоединенном five months ago, is the Russian military fleet, as well as commercial marine institutions and historical sea resorts.
In Russia's Rostov region, between the regions are also unverifiable and mines, factories and melting plants that produce the necessary equipment for the Russian army.
Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko proposed in his inaugural address June 7, after the election of new Ukrainian lawmakers weighed an amendment to the constitution that would allow отделившимся give regions greater control over their finances and the status of languages.
However, his opinion on autonomy, it seems, is very different from the view of the Kremlin and повстанцев-сепаратистов Burny, which accuse Moscow of aiding and abetting.
Last call for Putin to Kiev to negotiate with the leaders of the separatists, with both equal, followed by new наступлениями rebels last week after Russian troops and tanks rolled into previously peaceful areas of eastern Ukraine along the Sea of Azov.
Russia, the separatists took control of the city in the offensive, which Новоазовск officers of the Ukrainian security services say they are afraid that he is starting a campaign to capture the strategic coastal territory to the Crimea.
It led to a massive civil and military efforts to strengthen when the port of Mariupol, with 500,000 inhabitants, which is located between Новоазовском 27 and narrow on the Crimean peninsula.
Poroshenko on Saturday addressed the meeting of European Union leaders in Brussels to call for measures to prevent further Russian aggression against Ukraine, the former Soviet republic, which was independent of 23 years.
"We are approaching a point of no return," Poroshenko warned.
Thousands of foreign troops and hundreds of foreign tanks are now on Ukrainian territory.
EU summit not taken certain measures; leaders urged to draw up a project more severe sanctions against Russia, which will be taken in case of any escalation of the Ukrainian crisis.
Ukrainian soldiers had to withdraw from their positions in Иловайске after two columns of Russian armored vehicles and 1,000 soldiers last week in the Donetsk region, to support the separatists, the exceptional difficulties Андрий Colonel Lysenko, a spokesman for the National Security and Defense Council of Ukraine, told reporters in Kiev on Saturday.
The first 63 of Ukrainian soldiers, who were reportedly held in Иловайске Russian invasion as a result of the situation, were on Sunday on the 10 Russian авиадесантников, captured on Ukrainian territory, "Lysenko told a week ago Sunday.
The scandal, with naked photos captures Australian celebrities and Габи Greco
Jeffrey Эдельстен expressed his distaste for hackers who may have stolen naked photos of his bride Габи Greco and a whole list of Hollywood stars.
Hollywood in rebellion after a series of explicit photos, which depicted a naked Jennifer Lawrence, hit the internet as a result of large-scale hacker scandal with celebrities.
They say that the hacker responsible for this have some 60 explicit photos of stars "Голодных games" Lawrence and superstars, including models Kate Upton and Cara Делевинь, singer Rihanna, Ariane Grande and Лиа Michelle and actress Kirsten Dunst.
Australian actors Teresa Palmer, Emily Browning, Yvonne Страховски and living in Melbourne Greco also allegedly were stolen as a result of the leakage of the photos be notified.
The name in the list of 101 celebrities.
Эдельстен Greco, who made the proposal last month, told Confidential: "It's disgusting."
All the private correspondence and photos should remain private.
Terrible that personal information could be stolen and sent to other people.
Greco, who is in New York, reportedly told the news website, the hacker said the attack was "this shameful" and that those with whom she was directed, "feel that it invaded."
It is assumed that if a hacker has 30 photos of Palmer with former boyfriend Scott Спидменом, including two in the final frame, where she is lying by the pool with a bare breast.
Palmer works in movies include "Love and honour" together with Лиамом Хемсвортом.
Palmer, the star of the movie "Chuck" Страховски and actress from "Запрещенного reception yesterday," Browning was not commented on stolen photos.
Spokesman Lawrence told TMZ: "It is an insulting invasion of privacy."
Actor Seth Rogen, double bass, expressed his outrage at the address of the hacker, writing on Twitter: "Post photos, stolen from a mobile phone, in fact, no different from selling краденых goods."
Just from a legal point of view, we cannot tolerate the publication of the stolen photos.
Found a potential way to steal photos of naked celebrities
Mass hacking accounts stars may be waived through a vulnerability in the application Find My Phone.
The potential scenario described resource The Next Web.
The script was published on Github Python, which allowed choose passwords to Apple's Find My Phone.
This service allows you to track the location of iPhone.
It is used to access the same bunch of username and password, and the Apple ID to access the cloud notified Apple of stolen celebrity photos.
The script (by guessing the password to the Find My Phone.
When this method introduces all sorts of combinations of characters in sequence, starting with the most frequently used passwords.
Script writer, argued that the Find My Phone service number of input options passwords indefinitely.
The security system after several failed attempts to enter the wrong password and account must then inform the user about the hacking attempt.
Because of the vulnerability of users have not received any reports of an attempt to find the password for their account.
Hackers learned from Apple ID password and used it for access to be notified.
According to the Twitter user Hackapp vulnerability was discovered two days ago, on Saturday, and to her written скриптовая for passwords.
At this moment of vulnerability, closed after five attempts blocked access to the service.
Source contacted Hackapp user and he noted that this vulnerability persists for many services, but said that does not have evidence that this vulnerability was used to access the account "stars."
It's not me you are, RT
On Twitter the prime minister once again unwanted record
Although there is no hard evidence about what to steal photos has been exploited a vulnerability in the Find My Phone, previously was already a wave of malicious actions of using this service.
Hackers перехватывали control device and demanded ransom from the owners.
In that case, Apple told the media that, in this case, the cloud security was not compromised, but has not conducted any investigations about how users lost their accounts.
Russia has also previously been hacked Twitter, Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev.
If attackers have access to be notified as described above, there could be stored and the password to the account of the head of the government in the service микроблогинга.
Resource The Next Web has not managed to obtain comments regarding the vulnerability in Apple's Find My Phone.
Putin granted Russian citizenship to Ukrainian пятиборке
Russian President Vladimir Putin gave Russian citizenship known Ukrainian спортсменке Буряк Anna.
The decree published on the grave legal information.
At the beginning of this year she moved her in Russia on a permanent place of residence and turned to the Federation of modern пятиборья asking her to provide the opportunity to advocate for the national team of Russia.
In 2013-м she won two stages of the World Cup, won the silver medal at the World Championship in January and became world champion in the mixed relay, which is one of the new types of programs in this sport.
She holds a leading position in the current season.
According to the rules, so to speak, on Олимпиаде-2016 in Rio de Janeiro, she will have to get the permission of Ukraine's Olympic Committee.
Anna Буряк isn't the first athlete сменившая, Ukrainian citizenship.
In July, Vladimir Putin decided to extradite a Russian passport шахматистке Catherine Vladimir Kramnik - warm city, which is double European champion (2005 and 2008), the блицу (2010) and rapid chess (2014).
In the women's team sport Ukraine became a chess Olympiad in Turin (2006), a team of the world championship in Astana (2013) and the Team Championship of Europe in Warsaw (2013).
Your aircraft accident investigation stopped at Vnukovo
Russia's Investigative Committee (your) stopped the criminal investigation of the airline disaster Red Wings Tu-204.
The agency.
The decision was made in connection with the death of the commander of the aircraft, and a flight engineer.
The examination revealed that the cause of the disaster was increased speed for landing, failure of landing, the crew of standard procedures, as well as unintended output engines on the elevated pace of direct thrust.
Plane of Red Wings airline flight over Prague - Moscow, crashed on December 29, 2012 when landing at Moscow's Vnukovo airport.
The aircraft offers выкатилось strip and загорелось.
At the scene killed the commander of the aircraft, the pilot and flight engineer.
Two бортпроводника were delivered to the medical facility, where he later died from his injuries.
Three flight attendants, is still hospitalized with physical injuries were serious circumstances, prolonged treatment.
In addition, grave bodily injury was the driver of a car at the time of the disaster, a move the Киевскому highway.
Passengers on board the aircraft was not.
Transport prosecutors after the disaster in Red Wings, during which identified numerous violations.
In February 2013, the airline's license has been suspended.
The company resumed work in the summer of 2013.
Alexander Emelianenko started in prison
A well-known Russian fighter mixed style 33-year-old Alexander Emelianenko, who is in prison on charges of violent actions of a sexual nature against the house keeper, fully recovered from injury and has started training.
The "Championship."
In May of this year, Russia's Investigative Committee showed Alexander Emelianenko in the rape accusation.
The suspect was wanted in the May 9, he was detained in Tambov them after committing a traffic accident, in which he received a hip fracture.
Емельяненко-младший was placed under arrest until 31 August to 1 September was scheduled sentencing.
But the court was transferred, and a consequence shareholder expectations on the extension of detention until 30 September.
In the case of wine, if an athlete is proven, he faces imprisonment for up to six years.
What, brother?
"Лента.ру" recalls the noisiest history in a career of Alexander Emelianenko
His last fight Emelianenko spent in January of this year, losing to Dmitry Сосновскому соотечественнику technical knockout.
Alexander's younger brother, a well-known fighter Fedor Emelianenko.
Here is the world champion in the mixed martial arts world champion here, vengeance and champion Russia on combat sambo.
Anger has turned out to be the most versatile and functional human emotion
Сердитое expression is biologically universal for mankind, and everyone involved in its creation and body muscle group is significant, and is an additional means of expressing power and threat, researchers have found in Australia and the US.
About their discovery, they reported in the journal Evolution and Human Behavior, and briefly, you can read about them in the press release of the University of California in Santa Barbara.
Good facial expression down - and joined his eyebrows, lips, the thin line вытянутые in 2030 nostrils - equally in all cultures, and make it even blind from birth, children who don't have it, "said study lead author Aaron Селл.
As part of a major research project on the nature of the anger, the scientists found that arose this emotion for the effective conduct of disputes during the conflict.
The more physical damage one man can do to another, the greater the opportunity for him to dictate and he pleads to partner with anger.
The researchers have confirmed their hypothesis: Physically and other powerful people often get angry and switch to pitch invasions, consider themselves entitled to impose other disadvantageous conditions for them, and they prefer the methods of solving conflicts peacefully.
Extrapolating from that anger is a bargaining emotion, "first and foremost," the scientists decided that the movement of each of the seven groups of muscles, creating сердитое expression must represent гневающегося individual more powerful and dangerous in the eyes of a friend - and thereby force as soon as possible to agree to its terms in order to avoid conflict.
To test this hypothesis, the researchers have modelled on a computer, where officials had absent or of each of the seven items гневного face, and showed them but.
Although his eyebrows and chin forward separately have not done an evil person, portrayed with such human traits of more powerful, physically the study participants acknowledged unanimously.
The anger of a man, as well as in animals, a threat is exaggerated: Manifestation of his own forces, underwrite and agree to obey.
Man inflated поджимает nostrils and lips with the same goal, and that frog, which надувается or бабуин, which demonstrates their fangs.
"Anger" runs "refusal to accept the situation, a friend and immediately takes the form of a permit, effectively the opposite side of the consequences of this failure.
But most striking is that none of the components гневного faces is not arbitrary, they are one and the same, "said anthropologist John Туби.
The swamp offered $250 million rubles in Crimea "TV."
The swamp to highlight the proposed 2014 federal budget of $250 million, an autonomous nonprofit organization in the Crimea. "
This is stated in the draft resolution prepared by a government agency, to which it heard about "Лента.ру."
According to the explanatory note to the project, with subsidies from the federal budget will be directed "to cover the costs of creating the conditions for large-scale socio-economic situation and development of the modern information space on the territory of the Republic of Crimea, including the purchase of equipment."
In particular, the money allocated to mobile, video, central аппаратно-студийный hardware and видеосерверную.
There are also plans to purchase a TV station and satellite transmitter.
In addition, the Company will pay for the use of the allocated funds to link (FOL) and the repair of the energy system.
The subsidies will be granted within the limits of the funds provided to swamp the federal budget.
The company "Crimea" телерадиовещательная created in 1959, broadcast in seven languages: Ukrainian / Russian, German, Greek, Bulgarian and the Armenian.
Today, television coverage broadcast signal is more than 75 percent of the territory of the peninsula.
In 2011, the "Crimea" has received a license for television broadcasting in digital format.
