The prime ministers of India and Japan are in Tokyo
The new prime minister of India, a potential proliferators, meets with his Japanese counterpart, Shinzo Abe, to Tokyo to discuss ties in the field of economy and security, in his first major foreign visit since winning the election in May.
Mr Corridor is a five-day trip to Japan with the aim of strengthening economic ties with the third largest economy in the world.
At the head of the agenda of plans to expand nuclear cooperation.
India also reportedly hopes for an agreement on defense cooperation between the two countries.
Russia will hold final ФАНО free session
Federal agency scientific organizations ФАНО (Russia) together with the Russian Academy of Sciences will hold the third session of the "free assessment of effectiveness of the activity of the research organisations."
The meeting will be the final in a series of meetings held by the agency in the course of the year, according to a press release, the wording "Ленты.Ру."
At the third meeting is scheduled to draw the conclusions of Expert session for the year and a final list of indicators to assess the performance of scientific organizations.
Separately, the participants plan to discuss the formation of the expert groups who are responsible for the evaluation of research groups, and evaluation criteria.
The session will be the third event in the chain of events for the formation of a unified approach for all three academies methodology to assess performance of scientific organizations.
Over the past five months we succeeded, and the final version of the regulations on coordination.
At the end of the session, we must complete the formation processes наукометрического and expert analysis, agree on stages and deadlines of the evaluation, "said the head of Russia's Elena Aksenova ФАНО экспертно-аналитического management.
The event will be attended by representatives of more than 100 research institutes in Russia.
It is expected to result in the adoption of the resolution.
The meeting will begin at 10 a.m. local time on September 16, 2014 at: Moscow city, street, house Солянка 14.
Scientists have found a way to detect familial stars
Astrophysics at the University of California at Santa Cruz have studied турбулентное stirring and its impact on the chemical homogeneity in stellar flocks.
It is expected that the experts will search among the stars, what more have emerged from one of the cluster.
The results of their research, the authors have published in the journal Nature, and briefly with them can be found on the website of the University.
The cause of the same chemical composition близлежайших турбулентное stars is stirring in the clouds of gas that existed before the formation of the stars.
Even if born star then leaves the stellar cluster, its chemical composition can determine place of her birth and education звезд-родственников region.
Previously, scientists have had doubts that the evolution of the stars outside a cluster may lead to differences in its chemical content from such have relatives in the cluster.
The simulation results conducted астрофизиками, show that such differences should not appear.
In this study, specialists using суперкомпьютера modelled two streams of interstellar gas, which together formed a cloud.
This object within a few million years under their own gravity into a cluster, where they form протозвезды.
The scientists added краски-метки in initial gas flows and determined that thanks to rapid турбулентному перемешиванию in the cloud is achieved a high degree of chemical homogeneity.
Astrophysics, they believe the study proves that it is possible to look at звезды-родственники chemical composition, as well as identify potential regions of these objects.
Police arrested 20 years after prosecution Карраты motorcycle at high speed
A motorcycle was confiscated after it passed the speed of 125 km / h in a zone with a speed limit of 70 km / h and through бушлэнд, to hide from police in.
Transport police patrol in Каррате this morning attempted to stop a blue motorcycle, finding that it reaches speeds of 125 km / h, when he left the service station on Батгейт Road.
The police reports that мотоциклист not stopped and continued along the Берджесс Road, then left in бушлэнд, resulting in police officers lost sight of him.
A motorcycle and a man matching the description had been spotted near the home on Уолкотт Way in Булгарре.
Police have charged a man with Карраты build up, refusing to stop and dangerous driving.
He must appear before world court Карраты on September 23.
A motorbike was seized and detained for three months.
The school year will begin no earlier than October ДНР
On September 1, the academic year begins, as does the ДНР, only 10% of children in the region.
The Minister of Education and Science breakaway Igor Костенок.
He said that 11% of pupils left in other regions of Ukraine, and 20 percent in Russia.
Teaching in schools in the territory controlled by ДНР, will start no earlier than 1 October.
However, teachers will return to work on September 1.
The investigation has been completed at Vnukovo ТУ-204 catastrophe in 2012
Russia's Investigative Committee completed its investigation into the criminal case related to the plane at Vnukovo airport ТУ-204 disaster in December 2012.
It was reported today in the Russian Federation.
"Moscow inter-regional power in transport by the investigation department of the Investigative Committee of Russia completed an investigation of the criminal case for the catastrophe of the aircraft ТУ- 204 airline" Ed Вингз "at airport Vnukovo Airport on December 29, 2012, in 1958 ст.263 of the Russian Criminal Code / violation of safety rules and the movement of air transport which negligently caused the death of two or more persons /," the statement reads.
The cause of the disaster began to crew standard procedures and increased the speed of sunset on the landing.
George Уэбстер accused of rape in hotels in Нэйрне and Питлохри
Man stands trial on charges of rape of women in two hotels.
George Уэбстеру, 28 years old, charged during the hearing of the High Court in Glasgow.
He allegedly raped a woman in the "h" in "Скотланд Питлохри, Пертшир, June 7, 2013.
Argues that Уэбстер attacked her when she was "without consciousness, sleep and was not in a condition to give consent."
In addition, Уэбстер is accused of raping another woman in the hotel "Голф Нэйрне foments at in the Highlands Северо-Шотландском, May 4, 2014.
Judge Lady Ray called the hearing in the High Court in Edinburgh on 17 November.
Lavrov: Russia will not "at the door" in connection with new sanctions and will not withdraw from the WTO
Russia will not "at the door" in connection with the new sanctions.
It was stated today Sergei Lavrov, speaking to students and teachers.
About our response measures in case of a new wave of anti-Russian sanctions, then I'm not even going to speculate, fantasize, because everything has to be exactly ready, "he said.
And when we understand that сподобятся this time European and American partners, then we'll make decisions about how to respond.
It will not be associated with хлопаньем doors, some even falsely, collating, "stressed the minister.
We are, first and foremost, we will build on our interests, to protect the interests of our economy, the social sphere, our citizens, our businesses and make conclusions from the actions of the partners on the subject of their adequacy, договороспособности and reliability.
For the steps that are taken in the field of sanctions, can be a very good judge of what are partners, "continued the Foreign Minister of the Russian Federation.
If the voice say "these sanctions will be too painful for us, but we are forced to go to Russia to punish," it's probably not very adequately. "
As regards the WTO entering Russia in response to possible new sanctions, it is not.
We, on the contrary, we want to actively use the WTO tools, including when it comes to trade disputes, "said Lavrov.
We've got the tools to overcome, as we consider the discriminatory policies of the EU in relation to the anti-dumping procedures.
According to the minister, accused Russia of APL and apply anti-dumping measures against sectors of the Russian economy.
"We are ready to use the mechanisms of the WTO and in order to defend our position on the third энергопакета EU norms apply retrospectively," said Lavrov.
How to properly use lilac in the design of a garden?
Irina Окунева responds to the questions:
As lilac after the national loses its appeal, it is desirable to plant, together with other specimen shrubs.
It goes well with many cultures.
And beside сиренью can and should be put into jail as ornamental plants and for other dates and blooming simultaneously with her.
Another plus lilac in that it provides a lot of opportunities for creativity.
You can build its штамбовым деревцем of varying heights, improved a bush, a bush with a wide base and even pretty good garden with bonsai - деревцем стволиком grotesquely attack.
Simply select the form, which corresponds to the design of your garden.
In Karelia for sales of fake money convicted resident Leningrad Oblast
As reported in the national police, the man was fishing in their criminal activities and Олонецком Сегежском areas.
In addition to the Karelia, he committed similar crimes in other regions of the country.
In particular, the defendant has already наследить in Vologda region, where in spring this year, he was sentenced to two and a half years in prison.
Later a man appeared before Олонецким District Court.
And for the end of the investigation on the crimes committed in our republic, he was driven in the region.
In the course of the investigation of proven wine for several episodes of sales of counterfeit money, by the summer of 2013.
At the end of June this year, the conclusion of the criminal case materials from sources were sent to court.
On Friday, August 29, the court decided to replace the term of imprisonment for a term of four years from the colonies.
The sentence has not entered into force.
Recall that last week sentenced two more сбытчика fake money, which paid them in Petrozavodsk.
Citizens of Azerbaijan came in Karelia, also from St Petersburg.
One of them imprisoned for five years and another for four.
Each appointed a fine of 500,000 roubles.
The sentence has not yet entered into force.
In Arkhangelsk 73-ю noted the anniversary of the first convoy "
The meeting, which took place in the regional center, was devoted to the first арктическому said:.
"Brought in the Soviet military assistance from the United States and Britain.
The rally was held in memory of закладного stone monument to the future members of the convoys, which is located on the waterfront in Соломбале Sedov name.
The event brought together representatives of veterans organizations кадетского Arkhangelsk, children from class.
For the first time we met twenty three years ago, when it was founded.
But at the same time, today's event is not a celebration, a day of remembrance of those who did not back the sea, "said the chairman of the board of Veterans of the Northern Maritime Shipping Company Boris Karpov.
Then, in a city, the event and the cadet classes veterans presented with flowers and the flags of Russia and the banner of промаршировали with Victory.
The meeting was laying flowers to закладному stone.
The convoy consisted of five British ships and one Dutch transport, strategically important raw materials (10 000 tonnes of rubber, 1 500 tonnes, compared to wear shoes, оловом and many other inventory and equipment).
Also aboard the plane was also a military technology and weapons - 3 800 depth bombs and magnetic mines, fifteen fighters "owned 50 / 50 by Hurricane," in разобранном condition.
At the same time, the convoy escort consisted of 16 UK naval ships, including two aircraft carriers.
A caravan of courts has not been found and safely reached his destination: Arkhangelsk.
All of 848 ships involved in the vital operations on caravans, 126 were killed and about 50 military transport aircraft.
"In the framework of the Amur Autumn film festival will be held" amateur
With 10 to 12 September, will run the festival in Blagoveshchensk amateur movie "КинАмур" within "Amur Autumn."
Local кинолюбители will be able to take part in the festival shows and theatre and cinema.
On September 10, the participants "КинАмура" will take part in the workshop of famous directors, creative and showing "Короткого meter": "," "Человек-Добро Уходя in orange," "Арысь-поле."
September 11 will be challenged "under fire" спецпоказ Amur director. "Rudenko.
Closing the festival will be held on September 12, a "КинАмур", which can be summed up and named the winners of the festival.
Competition of amateur films will take place across multiple categories.
For the first time will participate cartoons: The festival selected 3 animated films.
All participate in the festival 11 authors.
The following year his participants plan to exhibit at the level of the city administration.
Recalling a very American ideal that labor rights are human rights
Congressmen Keith Ellison and John Lewis have offered the bill, which is protected by the unions as a civil right.
"Where unions, jobs and the middle class," says Ellison, Democrat of Minnesota, who is the co-chairman of the Congressional Progressive factions.
That's why I proudly represent Act expanding workers ’ rights, together with the symbol of the movement for civil rights by John Lewis.
This bill will give workers the same opportunities for legal discrimination against organizations that unions and other forms of discrimination, opponents of trade union power
Changing the law on regulation of labour relations in such a way as to allow the workers encountering discrimination for participation in trade union organizations, to seek justice in the civil courts "and to receive compensation for damages and punitive payments - a sensible and necessary initiative.
But it's certainly not radical initiative - at least by American standards.
In fact, the best way to understand the fact that offer Ellison, Lewis and co-authors of the bill, "recall is a very American idea.
Despite the attacks, which the unions have been subjected in recent years - in Wisconsin, Michigan and other states across the country, Americans once supported countries around the world to adopt, to expand and to respect human rights.
There was a time, which is still remembered by millions of Americans, when this country simultaneously defend democracy, freedom of speech, freedom of the press and the right to organize.
When the United States occupied Japan after the Second World War, General Douglas MacArthur and his assistants have helped the country to adopt a constitution, so as to ensure that balanced state autocracy Хидеки Тодзё was replaced by democracy.
Fully aware that workers and their trade unions play a role in the formation of a new Japan, they included text that explicitly admitted that "the right of workers to organize and to negotiate, and for collective action is guaranteed."
When the United States occupied Germany after World War II, General Dwight David Эйзенхауер and his assistants have helped the Germans to write a constitution that guaranteed that the fascism of Adolf Hitler was replaced by a strong democracy.
Recognizing that workers will need to be organized and be heard in the new state, the Germans have included an article that openly stated: "Right to form associations with the aim to protect and improve employment and economic conditions will be guaranteed to every person and every profession or field of activity.
Agreements that restrict or seek to diminish that right, will have no legal force; measures to these objectives will be deemed illegal.
When former first lady Eleanor Roosevelt was president of the International Commission on Human Rights, which was World Declaration on Human Rights, which in 1948, will be adopted by the United Nations as a global agreement, Roosevelt and the added that "everyone has the right to organize and join unions to protect their interests."
Generations of Americans take for granted our basic position that labor rights are human rights.
When this country was advised by other countries about how to create a civil and democratic society, Americans have explained that the right to organize labor unions - and the fact that this union has participated as an equal partner in collective bargaining with corporations and government agencies - should be protected.
Now, when these rights are under assault in America, wise, indeed, return to the American ideal of what working people should have the right to organize and to ensure that their voices were heard in a free and open society.
As the Reverend Martin Luther King Jr. said fifty years ago:
History is a great teacher.
Now everyone knows that the trade union movement has not undermined the forces of the nation, but increased them.
Raising the living standards of millions, unions miraculously created a market for industry and lifted the whole nation to fragile level of production.
Those who attack the unions, forget these simple truths, but history remembers them.
History remembers should and to us.
Official recognition of labour rights as human rights and the protection of civil rights, to prevent discrimination against organizations, trade unions, was long overdue.
Keith Ellison and John Lewis Ukraine ideals, which historically have expanded America and made a promise of democracy a reality.
Judge temporarily blocks law that could close all абортные clinics in Louisiana
In the U.S., a federal judge on Sunday temporarily has blocked the enactment of the law in Louisiana, which his supporters say he likely will close all five абортных clinics in the state.
According to this measure, which was signed by the Governor of Louisiana Bobby Джинадлом in June and was supposed to go into effect September 1, doctors who do abortions, were obliged to have showing a radius of 30 miles of their practice.
Nevertheless, the judge's decision means that, at present, doctors can continue to make legal abortion, while continuing to seek such powers.
"The plaintiffs will be allowed to work legally, continuing actions to gain power," he wrote in his decision, Judge John деГрэвеллз.
A hearing will be scheduled within the next month, at which a judge will take a more permanent solution on this law.
Advocates for abortion rights decision was met with joy, the last in a chain of decisions against similar measures, saying it will give doctors more time to receive hospital authority.
"Today's decision ensures that the women will be protected from one Louisiana law, which seeks to deprive them of the health and human rights," said Nancy Нортап, president and head of the Center for reproductive Rights, which filed a lawsuit to stop the law on behalf of three of the state's five clinics.
It was not immediately clear whether the decision to the doctors from two clinics that do not give claimants in the case, and also filed an application for the admission.
Louisiana is one of the 11 states that have adopted similar laws, and the courts recently acknowledged such measures unconstitutional in Alabama and Mississippi.
Key parts of texas law, which would have shut most of the remaining clinics in this state, were blocked by a federal judge on Friday.
Fighters for the right to abortion, along with the American College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists and the American Medical Association say that laws about the credentials of doctors to impose restrictions that are not necessary from the medical point of view.
Opponents of abortion argue that such measures are aimed at protecting women's health, though some also pointed to positive effect in the closing clinics.
Only one doctor who does abortions in Louisiana, there are powers of the reception in the hospital, according to the Center for reproductive Rights.
If all the other doctors in the state will be forced to stop performing the procedure, the doctor, fearing for their safety, would no longer perform this procedure, the group said.
Criticizing the decision, officials in Louisiana said that will not punish doctors doing abortions as long as their statements on the reception awaiting decisions.
What will the introduction of quotas for domestic products
Not less than half of products for each type of product in the range trading networks should be the Russian production, says Duma deputy from the Just Russia faction Oleg Nilov has informed about.
The MP has prepared a bill aimed at introducing protective measures for domestic manufacturers, writes the newspaper Izvestia.
The document will still have to avoid possible discomfort детализироваться for buyers.
This applies to goods that are produced in Russia. <... > According to the rest of the groups of products, which are produced in Russia, would provide the at least half of their shelves to domestic producers, "Nilov has informed about publication.
Together with the amendments, in the article "On the basis of state regulation of trading activities in the Russian Federation," the bill provides for the introduction of changes to the Tax Code, laying down a 10 per cent rate of VAT on religious freedom in the product produced in Russia.
The idea to introduce a 50% quota in -процентную trade networks included in the stimulus package for Russian producers.
The shop appears several times more than domestic goods.
However, the initiative may have both positive and negative effects, experts say.
According to the company's lawyer "Налоговик", a member of an independent expert center "Public Duma Sergei Litvinenko for the Russian economy, as well as for domestic agricultural and food industries, the effect will be positive in nature, and will lead to growth.
The advantage will be key, farmers, and small shops.
They will be able to sell more, and that means that profits will grow.
In addition, they will receive the right to dictate their terms to retailers and prices, because they will be forced to buy their goods.
Russian manufacturers will be able to increase their business and sales, which would lead to pay higher taxes than before.
It will increase revenue, create new jobs, any industry will grow any faster would be brought in, the contribution to GDP growth.
Russia's dependence on foreign food fall several times, though not immediately, "said the expert.
Earlier, Russian companies are often unable to fight their way to the shelves of local stores due to higher competition from foreign counterparts.
Now, after the introduction of the embargo, this niche freed and can breathe a sigh of relief.
But do not forget that after all the necessary approvals and sanitary inspections to the Russian market will come grocery goods from Latin America, Turkey and Serbia.
In other words, it is now a "moment of calm" when former players have already gone, but new ones yet to come.
Almost a month later, you can talk about four demand for Russian raw materials, as well as rising prices for finished products, "said АиФ.ru first Vice President of Russian public institutions," the Russian club finance directors', Tamara Kasyanov.
Clearly, the idea of selling in each category at least 50 per cent of Russian food products will help to consolidate the sector for local producers.
In that case, they will have to compete with one another, not with products that subsidies at the expense of another state, are cheaper.
In other words, the fight for customers will unfold between companies in the same industry.
On the other hand, says Kasyanov, Russian producers are able to meet 50% of domestic needs compatriots not on all items.
And in this situation commercial networks would have to "share" дотягивать Russian goods up to half of the range.
In connection with this increase concerns that substandard goods on the shelves).
Perhaps under the guise of produced in Russia will be supplied with labels перебитыми foreign products, "adds an expert.
The negative effect of the introduction of quotas will feel the large retail chains, especially those that выгодней cooperate with importers.
It is logical that the former prime minister will suffer and foreign suppliers, because the demand for their products will decrease.
Litvinenko did not rule out that the law on quotas on domestic goods may impact on consumers.
The fact is that some of the Russian-made products can yield quality imported ones, while shops will be boosting prices on the second as a scarce commodity.
The long-forgotten early in the 2000s, the idea of import substitution economists started talking again in February this year because of the ongoing devaluation of the ruble.
Now, amid the uneasy relations with the West, the question of refusal to the import of products becomes even more urgent.
The law aims to compel retailers to suppliers under orders from domestic producers.
Then we go much faster and more confident on the path of import substitution, and the planning system of production on necessary types of products will be created in a shorter period of time, "says the MP Oleg Nilov has informed about.
Especially effective mechanism be quotas for the agricultural sector, where the potential is particularly high, for example, in the dairy industry, where the share of imports was 25%.
Our farmers are able to fully cover the shelves in Russian shops.
In addition, a powerful impulse can receive and a beautiful production.
As you know, the biggest share of imports remains on offer - from 30% to 35%.
It turns out that 65-70 per cent are still on Russian products, "says Kasyanov.
Experts are of the opinion that the introduction of quotas for domestic products and can contribute импортозамещению accelerate the process.
However импортозамещению itself to this initiative, as it will not need a set of measures, I am sure Mr Litvinenko.
In any case, 50 per cent of the goods sold under this initiative can still be brought from abroad and, consequently, full import isn't going to happen, but significant steps in this direction will be done.
The same little set quotas, the need to establish a domestic food production in the country, so that these quotas to meet.
These quotas just such a guarantee, and will be, "concludes the expert.
Delayed diagnosis — and lack of access to optimal treatment mean that ovarian cancer kills more in rural areas
Angelina Jolie and her brother James published a video memory of their late mother, who died from ovarian cancer in 2007.
Women in rural areas of Australia, прощивающие face higher risks of death from ovarian cancer than those living in cities.
The researchers analyzed maps of more than 1,100 Australian women diagnosed with ovarian cancer, "" in 2005, finding that only 35 percent have lived five years after he was diagnosed.
Lead researcher Susan Jordan of the QIMR Berghofer Medical Research Institute reported that the probability of dying during the study by 20 percent higher for those who live in remote areas and regions of the state than those who live in urban areas.
A small study: New drugs may slow lung cancer and ovarian cancer
The researchers tracked the medical way women over seven years.
Dr Jordan said that the age of the woman at the time of diagnosis, the type of ovarian cancer, the disease and the current социоэкономический status also influenced the likelihood of survival.
Older women and those who have been in the later stages of cancer at the time of diagnosis, had the lowest survival rates.
For those who lived in remote areas or regions of the state, the chance of dying during the study was 20 percent higher than for those who lived in urban areas.
Although the study was not designed to determine why women who live outside cities are more likely to die from ovarian cancer, Dr. Jordan — suggesting that delayed diagnosis, and the lack of access to the optimum treatment is possible factors.
"This disease is best treated surgeons experienced in gynecologic oncology, and they are mainly located in big cities," she said.
Despite the improvement in the quality of the ITU services, to reduce the impact of distance, she suggested that the increase in the number of services that will allow professionals to treat women closer to home, and program support to people receiving treatment is far from his home, can help.
Dr Jordan said that regardless of the geographical position, the study found that prolonged life expectancy among women with ovarian cancer was rare, stressing the need for more effective treatment and prevention strategies.
The study, which was funded Rio Tinto Ride to Conquer scientist, will be published today in the Medical Journal of Australia.
In March 2012, at the age of 33 years, a young mother with Golden shore Элише Neave was told that she had an aggressive form of ovarian cancer.
In September, the new ФАП Куженерском area of open doors
The construction of medical facilities in the village of Токтайбеляк was begun in April this year and was on a project.
The cost of work amounted to slightly more than 10 million roubles.
According to management, public relations and information of Mari El, and construction was financed from the national budget in accordance with the targeted investment program.
The total area built health facilities is nearly 230 square metres.
It will provide health care to residents of eight cities, villages and hamlets Токтайбеляк Дементьево Пюнчерюмал Тунья фомичи,,,,, and Шинур Торайбеляк Чашкаял.
A new paragraph will replace the current ФАП фельдшерско-акушерский building, which was built in 1918 and had long ago exhausted their resources, and it does not meet the sanitary requirements.
A new facility will open in the near future.
The son of a four month убившая drink-driving новочебоксарка stands trial
A resident of Chuvashia is on trial for the killing of his own child.
In Cheboksary completed an investigation regarding 31-летней let women, the defender in the maintenance of death by negligence.
The investigation established that on 26 July this year along with обвиняемая четырехмесячным son arrived at the celebration of the birth of its кумы in Cheboksary.
After a prolonged food новочебоксарка decided to stay at the party and уложила child to sleep.
At night, when the baby awoke and cried like a woman and put it beside him on the bed, her breast to nurse, but soon fell asleep.
During sleep, the woman навалилась on son, as a result of which he died from suffocation.
The criminal case, the SC СКР in Chuvashia, to court.
Inflation came out of the holiday.
Whether Russians feel a sharp increase in prices
As a result of Western sanctions and BNP inflation in Russia and not in forecasts уложится leftists, authorities believe, "VTB Capital analysts."
According to experts, the deferred effects антисанкций will lead to inflationary shock in the first quarter of 2015, writes RBC Daily.
According to the latest forecast, inflation in 2014 will be 6,5-7,5% next year and even less - 6.5%.
However, according to the newspaper, "Kommersant," the commentary this week should make a "small but significant" changes in macroeconomic forecast up to 2017.
According to the publication, the agency ’ s assessment of inflation in 2015, which will eliminate progeSOFT expected revenue growth of the population.
The forecast anticipated that the food sanctions apply a year - until August 2015.
In such a situation, you could assume such high inflation?
The current situation is a shock, but geared понижательный trend of inflation does not change, "said the source of the newspaper so far.
Economists from VTB Capital "is not shared by the bloc's financial and economic expectations regarding inflation and the forecast price growth in 2014 at the level of 8%.
The main effect of product bans will come together with the possible introduction of the Spine sales taxes (GAP) in 2015, experts believe.
Inflationary spike in 9% in February, after which the annual pace of price growth will decline, some experts believe.
Incidentally, last week, Rosstat concluded the first inflation results, after Russia imposed a "neat sanctions."
АиФ.ru interviewed experts and found their inflationary expectations.
Artem Деев, head of research at FC AForex:
Prices have already observed in key segments.
Moreover, when I began to appreciate the socially relevant products, the government has been forced to launch measures to monitor systemic risks to price stability, in order to prevent unreasonable price increases in the short term.
Suppliers and retailers already report on a daily basis before regulators that authorities knew exactly who, where and for what reason will trigger an increase in prices.
Key factors for the growth of the consumer price index continues to be tremendous pace of capital flight, and the excessive refinancing the banking sector from the Russian мегарегулятора, internal convert because of the flight of foreign currency, as well as an embargo on the import of food products from the countries that joined the sanctions against Russia.
If inflationary pressures remained under control, the cost of a minimum basket of food has not jumped to 12 per cent in just one quarter.
A ban on the import of food products provoked shock proposals on the internal market and led to the utterly логичному ultimate value increases.
Because at this stage we are not able to fully launch the mechanism of import substitution, and increase the size of the Russian market at the expense of domestic production, retaliatory sanctions continue to bear the risks of inflationary growth.
If you add another here and fiscal reasons related to the lack of confidence in the national currency, as well as ухудшенными prospects for economic growth, by the end of this year, inflation could exceed 8%.
Alexander Разуваев, director of the analytical department "Alpari."
In the 1990s, inflation sometimes hit 20-30% per month to zero, it was also higher than current levels, another thing that then it is offset by rapid economic growth.
I think, at the end of the year inflation will be 8-8,5%.
Plato Магута, managing assets of the Fund Магута "
An external factor associated with sanctions against Russia, while successfully contained, but if there is a further increase of the pressure, first and foremost, for the financial sector - this can lead to certain difficulties and increase inflationary expectations, which usually manifest themselves in traditionally purchases cash currency to protect their savings.
It can be assumed that the government, the Central Bank and the Ministry of Finance will try to smooth the weakening rouble, as well as market-based methods and government regulation.
But prices traditionally begins after the summer lull, and perhaps this fall will become more pronounced.
The target level of consumer inflation in Russia at 7.5%, most likely выстоит, as Russia has another financial savings.
Love centers grieve from reducing the number of homeowners
Such a decline, due to the exceptional reduction of the number of homeowners aged less than 35 years old, may cause that love centers begin to lose tens of millions of pounds a year, when today's young consumers will reach the age of "gardening", according to the HTA, which told the Financial Times.
According to this report, people, housing, spend an average of 55 per cent of the amount that owners of their own houses spend on gardening.
It mentions an increase in the number of people living in areas without gardens, the popularity of высокоурбанизированных asphalting yards in front of the house for parking and a reduction in the size of the garden as other factors bearing a threat for the industry, whose annual sales, with an estimated £5 billion.
In Greater London, where the number of homeowners fell from 61 percent to 43 percent, the lowest in six years in the UK, the level of expenditures on goods for other religions in the household.
HTA and Royal садоводческое society reported that rental housing and a lack of space for garden doesn't mean that people can grow plants.
Guy Barter, chief adviser for gardening in rainian st eel product ion, said: "The cultivation of plants in containers, for example, is especially popular with tenants who may have transported plants with them when moving."
Report to the HTA identified the period between 1997 and 2005 as a "golden age" of retail goods for gardening as a result of an increase in the number of homeowners and economic prosperity since the late 1980s to the mid 1990s.
It also said that the market will improve this year, thanks to more good weather after adverse conditions in March and April last year.
The Ministry of Agriculture Bulgaria has conducted mass cleansing to fund "Земледелие"
Three of the four supervisors fund "Земледелие" were replaced by another on Friday.
In total, three of the four supervisors fund "Земледелие" were replaced by another on Friday.
Officially, the Ministry of Agriculture Bulgaria reported only about removing from the post of executive director Атанаса Добрева.
His place Лозана Василева.
It turned out that on Friday, were quietly politicising and two of the three deputy executive directors of the fund.
Liberated Deputy Executive Director Tatyana Ангелова, which until then was responsible for state assistance and programme САПАРД БГНЕС reports, citing a newspaper "words."
I was not present at the Council of Governors Fund, because by law we are not members of the leadership, but I was told later that I was liberated.
I can't tell you why, about my dismissal is not reported on the Web site of the Foundation.
I am on vacation.
I hope that I know more on Monday, "said Oce Ангелова.
Her place will be located at 6 South Ezienšteina Street Багдатова, which until now was the head of "Investment кредитирования" in central fund in "Земледелие" in Sofia.
He was dismissed as Deputy Executive Director Nicholas Дачев.
Until this moment he was responsible for direct subsidies for the fields, the amount of the EU.
In his place will be appointed Живко work, who was head of Regional Directorate in the city "fund" Земледелие issued until January 2014.
His office has only Атидже Алиева-Вели deputy head of the fund.
Currently, she is responsible for the development of rural areas.
The official cause of all changes in the agency are not mentioned.
Turkey is a U.S. diplomat in connection with a message about espionage
The Foreign Ministry of Turkey itself has a senior American diplomat in the country for explanations in connection with the report about U.S. and British espionage in Turkey.
The deputy prime minister said that a U.S. attorney Бюлент in affairs, and Turkish officials discussed the message on Monday.
The German magazine "Der Spiegel" and "we" The Intercept reported that documents provided by former National Security Agency analyst Edward Сноуденом, show that Turkey is a priority intelligence target for the American and British intelligence services.
According to Turkish news agencies, Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan преуменьшил the importance of that message, saying that all the leading countries шпионят on each other.
Earlier сообщавшаяся information about what the German Intelligence Agency also made the object of Ankara, has caused outcry over intelligence response from the Turkish government.
Major Chinese companies joined forces against the intuitions
Chinese companies, including China's largest commercial real estate developer Loeb интернет-гиганты Wanda Group and Tencent Holdings (соцсети мессенджер, etc.) and Baidu (China's largest search engine), creating a company that will compete in the market with a trading intuitions.
But the real miracle of the Chinese Internet, which left behind even their American rivals - eBay and Amazon.com, it will not be easy.
The largest union
Companies are planning to invest in a joint venture with 5 billion yuan ($814 million), 70% of it would be owned by Wanda and 15 percent each of the Internet companies, the report states that Wanda Group.
To register a company in Hong Kong.
Unite joint venture with Baidu's search services popular social platform WeChat (the largest соцсеть in China, the number of users, which is roughly 438 million), Wanda and Tencent infrastructure.
In addition to the network of 40 luxury hotels group Wanda manages at least 49 commercial real estate all over China and 40 shopping centers.
Last year, the company invested more than $50 billion yuan ($8 billion) in building film studios and theme park entertainment in Циньдао (city in eastern China on the shores of the Yellow Sea).
It is expected that the project will attract more than 1 million visitors annually and to generate income at $960 million.
In addition, Wanda owns US cinema chain AMC Entertainment Holdings, which makes the company the largest theater operator in the world.
By 2015, Wanda plans to equip all of its shopping centers, hotels and places of entertainment services, e-commerce development which will be just one competitor intuitions.
According to Dong Цэ, who will lead the new company, Wanda will be able to increase the number of users of its e-commerce services from the current 40 million to 100 million by next year.
The new playground will become the biggest online-to-offline platform in the world, said Dong Цэ.
The essence of the online-to-offline (O2O) commerce lies in attracting buyers on the Internet, so that they come in the usual офлайн-магазины or bought other traditional services.
A classic example is O2O services by selling coupons, like Groupon or Vigoda.ru.
"O2O is the biggest pie" in "онлайн-коммерции," said Wang, head of the Wanda Цзяньлинь (Bloomberg).
"Now this O2O platform in China does not exist, and in this situation, the chances of all roughly equal," he said.
The Chinese market интернет-торговли - the largest in the world, and, according to McKinsey & Co., and its volume will increase more than threefold by 2015 compared with 2011, to $395 billion.
The number of Chinese Internet users grew to 632 million, Bloomberg data official statistics: It's more than the population of any country in the world, except India.
And according to the forecasts, by 2015, that number may grow to $850 million.
Richest union
The head of Tencent Ma Хуатэн was until recently the richest man in China, however, according to news agency Bloomberg, founder of the index millionaires intuitions Jack Ma has already surpassed its $5.5 billion.
The Jack Ma is estimated at $21.8 billion, of which $11 billion for its share in the intuitions.
Robin Li, Baidu chief now ranks third among the richest people in China, and while Wang Цзяньлинь Wanda "rating from the fourth line.
"This battle is very interesting to see: The three richest people together to challenge even more wealthy," said Bloomberg, director of the Chinese Center for Exploration of e-commerce in Hangzhou Cao Lay.
But he believes that the new company is unlikely to be able to seriously compete with intuitions immediately after: "Rome cannot be built in one day."
That is not so – with intuitions just compete not only new businesses, but also deserving of world leaders, according to a report published on the eve of интернет-торговли financial intuitions about performance in the last quarter.
Intuitions are often portrayed as something between eBay and Amazon.com, but from April to June the Chinese company earned more than both of her American rival combined.
Net income for the period intuitions almost two times higher than similar total hours worked index competitors - she grew almost threefold year-on-year and totaled $1,99 billion.
"Intuitions still has huge potential to generate money, largely thanks to its mobile applications," commented the Bloomberg report, an analyst at Arete Research Service гонконгской.
According to the updated prospectus intuitions on the website of the Securities and Exchange Commission of the United States, the number of active mobile users services company in July was 188 million, significantly surpassing the March figure ($163 million).
At the same time, 32.8 percent of all transactions in the past quarter had intuitions on mobile devices.
Intuitions have called the cost of its shares before the IPO.
According to the average estimate of 11 analysts surveyed by Bloomberg, the company could be worth $187 billion after selling shares.
According to sources, Bloomberg intuitions debut on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) will take place on September 16.
Road-show companies that existed before this event, which starts on 3 September.
It is expected that the IPO will record the intuitions in the history of the NYSE, and will allow the company to raise about $20 billion.
Still attracted a record for volume on U.S. stock funds belonged to Visa payment system, which in 2008 held initial placement of its shares, was able to sell $17.9 billion.
At least half of all food products in retail chains should be produced in Russia, as deputies of the State Duma.
They have a bill on the subject.
We are talking about the amendments to Article 8 of the Law "On the basis of state regulation of trading activities in the Russian Federation" and the Tax Code.
The document says the introduction of protective measures in relation to Russian producers of food.
Important point, according to the draft, at least 50 percent of domestic production of food in the shops should be for each type of goods.
However, the document would be taken into account that there are products that are not produced in Russia, for example, vegetables and fruits in winter, so for them to be made "discount" to avoid possible discomfort for buyers.
Simultaneously, the draft law introduces a change in the Tax Code, establishing religious rate VAT amounting to 10% of all food products, the country of origin which is Russia, according to the newspaper Izvestia.
On August 27, in the lower house of parliament introduced a draft law on amendments to the Law "On retail markets," which proposes to revive Russian farmers' markets for small manufacturers will be able to sell their products.
Police boss Магалуфа charged with corruption
The plaintiffs presented evidence of extortion on the part of police and municipal officials in the office of state Attorney General Мальорки Кальвии on Friday.
The chief of police on the resort island Кальвии 3.25am was arrested as a result of accusations of corruption on the part of businessmen and the owners of bars in the center of a notorious unbridled drunkenness Магалуфе.
Chief inspector Jose Antonio Carlos Rodriguez Navarro was placed into custody as a result of the allegations of corruption against him, several businessmen with Punta Баллена, streets, where the majority of bars and nightclubs Магалуфа.
According to the daily charter онлайн-издания ancestry, plaintiffs have presented evidence of extortion on the part of police and officials in the office of the municipality Кальвии Мальорки anti-corruption prosecutor on Friday.
Another two local policemen were arrested гвардейцами National Guard in Spain in connection with accusations of corruption and would be interrogated A together with Carlos Rodriguez Navarro.
Spanish daily ABC reported that dissatisfied owners nightclubs say protectionism on the part of the authorities seriously reflected on the state of their business.
"We're no longer talking about how to earn money, it's about how to survive," told the court one of the businessmen.
You cannot compromise our livelihoods.
We have nothing to lose.
Headlines in the international press Магалуф this summer after a popular video on YouTube, in which he was shown an 18-year-old British PACKAGE, silversmith fellatio on 24 men during the race.
Authorities on the island since then trying to stop hooliganism in drink-driving among vacationers Магалуфа readable to minimize the number of a notorious alcoholic known on the run.
In addition, the club Playhouse, where the incident occurred with минетом, was forced to close for a year, while the Playhouse and the organizers of the race in the year you were together fined €55,000 ($73000).
Tourist resort Магалуф mainly popular among young British holidaymakers, also was the site of numerous accidents in a state of alcoholic intoxication, connected with the crazy, known as "балконинг" when people jump from one balcony to another, or from a balcony into the hotel swimming pool.
The first day of spring is wet and ветреными conditions that resulted in flights to add Adelaide
Cold baked spring a surprise in the southern part of South Australia, bringing heavy rains and strong winds, which influenced the flights add in Adelaide.
Another 5 mm of rain fell on the city at night to 9 p.m., followed by a 6.6 mm, which occurred during the night Sunday.
The latest rain storms with порывистым preceded a pair of short, including wind, which началалась shortly before 8 p.m., and poured almost 4 mm for about 10 minutes.
After an early portion of spring to winter last week, temperatures again fell on Monday, up to the maximum total 15,8C in town.
Шквалистые conditions, is believed to have served as one of the reasons for delay planting Virgin Airlines flight from Melbourne in Аделаиду.
The plane was scheduled to land just after 7: 30 p.m., but was caught in a sudden wind shift - changes in speed or direction of wind over a short distance - and was forced to gain height.
Gusts of wind reached 50 km / h on the ground in Adelaide add at this time.
Flight data showed that the plane had to gain altitude during the second landing, and the plane eventually landed about 8: 40 p.m.
A delay of this flight has caused further delay of several other flights, including the flight from Dubai's Emirates and Qantas flight from Sydney.
A maximum of 16C is forecast in Adelaide on Tuesday, with the probability of one or two storms.
Calculation estimates of construction projects in the Russian Federation will be in a new way
Issues of pricing, regulation of the construction industry, as well as problems of connectivity the Federal Antimonopoly Service takes on a special control.
Under FAS created expert advice on the development of competition in the construction sector.
At its meeting, the head of the control, management of natural resources, construction and housing and utilities FAS Vadim Solovyov said that "today's calculation estimates of construction sites is absolutely unintelligible."
Regulatory environment makes pricing opaque and could lead to an unjustified price construction, the FAS.
And the cost of construction at the design stage of state property to determine on the basis of the market prices of constructive solutions, instead used today estimated norms and single pricing for technological operations.
The proposals made in the "road map" and are now under consideration in минстрое.
"Replacing the traditional documentation in construction in the settlements of constructive elements should lead to less corruption in the industry," explained "RSL" Vadim Solovyov.
It is now in full обсчитывается every nut and bolt, and it is not always possible to verify all the documentation, so sometimes unscrupulous construction companies can "mid fill whole tractor."
In минстрое with FAS agree.
"The first developments for the calculation of the value of the constructive elements already have: Developed methods for calculating prices for constructive solutions, budgeting for these indicators," "said RSL, head of the department of urban planning and architecture минстроя Elena Zhukova.
Selected as a pilot in the sphere of road construction.
However, experts believe that the problem is much more serious.
"RSL" told the head of a construction company, "Anatoly Профи-инвест Демьянко estimated regulations have long become obsolete, but other business until the proposed mechanism.
"As far as the proposed settlements for the constructive elements, but in practice this is implementable, because the building has often used different technologies," he said.
It is no secret that is largely thanks to стройрынок госзаказу.
According to the Chairman of the Management Board of the NP "Экспертное community professionals procurement" Catherine Лезиной, today, the state is the most effective customer.
Deputy director of the pharmaceutical industry ’ s centre of capital construction Vladimir Malakhov drew attention to the fact that today's market is nominally divided into companies that have access to a portfolio of contracts, and the company that owns outsourced competence and does not allow for this field of competitors.
He believes that the creation of a transparent market is only possible when access to contracts that Turkey would be the maximum impact from someone's manager.
The expert council was asked to form a government in such a way that one and the same performer may not receive more than one contract worth more than $1 billion rubles, or several contracts worth more than $1 billion.
In минстрое believe that this approach must be evaluated from the point of view of the business impact, and effectiveness of construction management.
As explained by Elena Zhukova, in this case, you will need to delegate the function of general contractor that will lead to an increase in the number of customer and budgetary expenditure on its content.
At the same time, the customer will need to have the knowledge to assess the quality of the work performed by contractors, as well as their safety.
Often, in this 1.13 will need to determine who will be responsible for the security of an object as a whole.
In addition, this approach may result in the outflow of qualified participants in connection with the state in obtaining state drogerie order for part-time work and a small amount of the contract.
Deputy head Alexander Евсташенков procurement экспертно-консультационного Center Institute, believes that the government has now turned into a business to Scor contractor.
And this example: "A participant when completing the application must indicate" specific performance "without specifying the words" or equivalent "," should "," "," "more," "less than," "similar" "or", "type", "a similar type," "lower," "lower," "higher," "can," "may," "might," "earlier" and "not previously," "higher," "not allowed" and so on.
Thus, customers often abuse their right to establish requirements for the content of applications of contractors.
Another problem, according to 44-ФЗ Евсташенкова, was the need to assess the application of quality of work through the "paper" proposal.
Looking at a proposal that actually can be assessed only qualified contractors, but not the quality of the work, in which not even began, "said the expert.
The quality of the works can be assessed only on their acceptance.
The expert council also was asked to take a margin income from the upper echelon to have disappeared in the lower intermediate contractors.
Chairman of the Expert Council, State Secretary, espionage FAS Andrew Цариковский believes that it should not, as responsible for the order should генподрядчик.
But otherwise, as in the famous репризе Arkady Raikin normalises sleeping: "Пуговицам claims to have?"
Israeli children returned to school after the war in Gaza
Thousands of Israeli children in areas near Gaza again went to school on Monday after he spent summers in Da'Arias when missiles and mines rain falling on their settlements during the 50-day war between Israel and Hamas, while schools in Gaza remained closed during the how the territory must be after the fighting.
The school sessions brought a sense of joy and excitement to victims of missiles into southern Israeli settlements, but traces of warfare remained fresh.
In the southern city of Ashdod employees kindergarten "Пашош" build a rocket, removed traces of debris from walls and "Hello" before the arrival of the students.
"We are a little bit afraid, but happy to look into the future," said Bart, a resident of Ронит Кибуца Saad and former English teacher at his school.
Many of the kids in our neighborhood really needs to return to a quiet life.
Her daughter, an 11-year-old Chagny Bart, said that all of a sudden start going to school "a bit strange".
"It was a difficult time, and we don't seem to get out of their homes," she said.
The president visited Bertolt Brecht famously asked Реувен deep-running secular-religious divide, which is located near the border with the Gaza Strip to express their support.
Before the cease-fire stopped the war last week, thousands of residents of the border towns, such as Saad, not out on the street or left their homes, going to safer areas further from Gaza to escape the rocket and минометного fire.
Many residents Нахал Oz, villages near the border with the Gaza Strip, where Palestinian mines to boy was murdered four years, doubt that they should go back.
The Ministry of Education reported that about a dozen families have still not returned.
Their children were sent to other schools at this time.
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu visited the school in Sderot, a town on the border with Gaza, which heavily постарадал from Palestinian fire.
He advised the children carefully studying and said: "We will do everything possible to give you the knowledge and to ensure your safety."
Israel and Hamas agreed to unlimited truce last Tuesday.
The ceasefire agreement immediately ended combat operations, but left unresolved key issues, for example, the requirement to lift the blockade of Gaza, Hamas египто-израильской and reopening of airports and sea ports in the Gaza Strip.
Israel wants Hamas folded his arms and back, the bodies of two Israeli soldiers killed in the war.
It is expected that a new phase of indirect negotiations will begin later this month in Egypt.
The war killed more than 2,100 Palestinians, three-quarters of whom were civilians, and at least 494 child, according to the Palestinian side and the UN.
Israel disputes the figures and says that at least half of those killed were militants; despite this, he has not provided substantive evidence that supports this assertion.
Have died on the Israeli side, 66 soldiers and six civilians, including one Thai worker.
During the fighting, Hamas and other militants in Gaza launched rockets and landmines 4591 unit at Israeli towns, mainly in the south of the country.
The Israeli army, meanwhile, has spent more than 5,000 aerial and other attacks.
As a result of the Israeli attacks have been damaged and destroyed thousands of homes in Gaza, and an estimated 250,000 people have found refuge in more than 100 schools that were converted into shelters.
Due to the fact that tens of thousands of people were still in shelters, and the fighting continued, the officials responsible for education, last week delayed early in the school year.
"I hope that the school will open soon, so that we can complete our education, as well as children around the world and Jewish children," said Mohammad Arab boy, 13, who now lives in one of the schools in Gaza.
According to popular criterion property prices showed the biggest increase in seven years.
RP Data CoreLogic home price index for the Hedonic Australian capital city house prices rose 1.1 percent in August, reported to RP data on Monday.
This growth has led to an increase in June, July and August on a 4.2 per cent increase for the winter months since 2007.
Annual growth was 10.9 percent, more than twice as exceeding the growth in the 12 months to August 2013, but the increase was not evenly distributed across the country.
RP Data research director Tim Lawless said that while Sydney and Melbourne lead the two-level market.
RP Data figures show that in Sydney house prices grew by 16.1 per cent in the past year, while in Melbourne, at 11.7 percent.
In the power markets were Adelaide, Брисбейн and Darwin, where prices on average rose from five to six per cent.
At the other end of the scale was in Canberra, where government through spending cuts, where prices rose just 1.4 per cent for the year.
Mr Lawless said that now, when spring, there will be an increase in the number of properties for sale, over the next few months, that would be "a real challenge" for the market.
"Given the current high level of speed auction sales, a high velocity sales and current conditions with a low interest rate, it is likely that the cost of housing is still expected to rise over the next three months," he said.
As people live in the old house Ufa
In the former home of gold and горнозаводчиков Евдокима Демидова Ivan and his son on the street of the October Revolution 57 / 1 (former Big Kazan) 18 apartments.
Since the 18th century house built virtually unchanged, except ветхость.
People here go, on excursion, and residents are more than delighted, from his privilege - the right to live in the house, the walls of which Ufa 7th remember commander Alexander Suvorov.
Date buildings house amongst others, historians point to the two dates - 1730 and 1737 years.
But in any case, it turns out that the nearly 300 years.
The old yard, always open the door, squeaky staircase.
Doors in the apartments are located near each other, chair covers were cracked, walls and peeling plaster просветы places visible from the street.
It seems that everything rests on honest word.
But local residents are told: "You don't think it is."
Live in a wooden house in the 18th century is very difficult, "says Tatiana (1961, a resident of apartment # 3.
The object is on госохране, but its contents are not allocated the money for dozens of years, and we feel museum artifacts, about whom the authorities simply forgot.
The last renovation was 40 years ago.
The wall is still performing well, though with great difficulties, but the foundation of the entire прогнил.
Many residents still go to the toilet on the street, and higher once a week in a public bath.
How can we be satisfied in such conditions?
The road passes directly under the windows, even a pedestrian zone.
Tatiana will put off behind.
Now see what before was only heard: Under the windows of the cars stream rushes.
You see, glass дребезжат constantly, can't open a window, and got used to the noise.
A man awaits the outcome, for good and bad.
Our apartment is still a top, thanks to her husband, hands him gold.
Moreover, we have two rooms, three of them live with her son.
But for other families, the conditions are much worse at ceilings on the second floor of a little more than one and a half metres tall.
In contrast to Tatiana offers guests the roommate out of the apartment, No. 6 Lyudmila Старостиной.
Nice friendly woman with threshold offers up a cup of coffee and with a sad smile said:
We have a one-bedroom apartment, 14.5 m ² for four people, and we live with her husband and daughter with his granddaughter.
I am here with the birth, another boundary has never been seen before, "Lyudmila обводит eyes room: You're buying two couch the letter" g "; one of them was the granddaughter with a laptop.
Very closely and differs little from a domestic interior: Only beautiful ceilings, "historical."
But with ceiling tap system regularly flows: Good.
Lyudmila said about his apartment and amazing at the same time, simply as an Italian house, which stands on the Roman ruins.
That is the one very old and recent, everyday and legendary:
Water spent about 40 years ago during the last repair.
At the same time we have a tiny kitchen and bathroom in закутке from former чулана.
We live in a time where квартировал Demidov, the family lived on the second floor of a servant.
Our apartment is privatized, and why?
The median real estate, the privatization say it does not matter.
Still get only a one-bedroom apartment can't apply for more.
Already four months ago promised us расселить, but promises it won't matter.
Not used to complain and I will not.
In this apartment (bedroom!) lived for an entire dynasty: My grandparents, mum and dad, I'm with my husband and my daughter with his granddaughter.
Things happened during that time.
For example, здоровенные rats ran in the kitchen.
Look at the walls, they one-meter wide thickness.
They say that a solution was involved in eggs, so long rests.
House built thoroughly Демидовым, thank you!
Perhaps, but so far no one killed or сваей crumbling ceiling.
Only construction still slowly dying in front of us: Boards and log house гниют, floors have repeatedly failed, pouring cement, but all of it - the solution goes into the ground, as well.
They say, and is under our bathroom the concealed лаз and move to the river White, who had once lived here, there had to be protected from the danger, in which case.
They also pursued.
Lyudmila Starostina said, came to him as a historian, he begged, he began to shoot in the flat excavations.
And then urged to give them housing space in exchange for its однушку in October.
Lyudmila historian refused:
Where are we in daily однушку?
But here at least a tiny hope is that will give housing more spacious.
We agree on the exchange, would not have won.
However, the family Старостиных won nothing.
The biggest dream that their расселили Lyudmila, and daughter gave his granddaughter of one 16-year-old from a separate room.
Then there are the two families have identified two-room apartment instead of the majestic ruins, in which two generations living now.
Pretty, Olesya Карсакова миниатюрная girl from flats No. 11 and 12 shows the second floor of the house.
There squeezed in two cramped (23 m ², called apartments, lives with her large family.
Altogether seven people, two of them children.
See for yourself what conditions.
Butt falls off pieces of plaster and window frames, the walls in the kitchen, and the cross-cutting holes.
The water in the кране only cold year round.
Walking about the apartments in the old house, so you can be sure that the most fortunate of spouses Лаврентьевым apartment No. 4.
They occupy the most spacious rooms of the first floor.
You are right, a lot of places.
In the 75 square, directed three people.
We live in those rooms, where legend has it stopped police during his stay in Ufa, the head of the family, "said Aleksandr Dmitrievich Lavrentyev.
High ceilings, spacious.
One bad - all around the train wreck that is collapsing, falling apart.
Neighbors probably already told.
The more suffering we have with floors, wooden planks, сгнили literally walked the earth from beneath your feet.
I put подпорки, wedges, in the hall, and yet nothing, go to another room on a seesaw качаемся, so all you can.
The house merchant Евдокима Демидова Aleksandr Dmitrievich can tell you better than any guide.
The золотопромышленнику refers to the native, speaks of it with admiration.
Indeed, the personality and the owner was fantastic: Кагинского Узянского plants built houses, bells and cannons отливал, kept Ural mines.
The heirs of the estate, but merchants take pride in an ancestor to live under one roof with history no longer want.
I am settled here, even as a child, in the 1940s, of the 20th century, "said Aleksandr Dmitrievich.
Then around stood wooden buildings and a barn and sentry boxes, subsequently снесенные.
In 1968, wanted to remove, and our home, but something prevented.
The same story was repeated again in 2014: Поманили new housing.
We, as a team, gathered all the necessary court documents обегали, and suddenly learned that moving to an apartment in 2015 or 2016.
Something already doesn't believe in all this.
Two years ago, Lavrentyev went to the Ministry of Culture of the Republic of Bashkortostan, to learn the fate of their homes.
Officials of the occupier was not accepted.
Sent from one desk to another, but then, as mockery, given the paper without the signature and seal: "The Ministry of Culture is not objecting to resettlement tenants."
Even though I have a feeling that our house has long been not in terms of the city since he first was at number 57, then became 57 A, now 57 / 1.
As if he had been demolished in the 1970s.
"A planet" turned to the head of the management sector informational-analytical Ufa Vladimir Барабашу Land Resources.
A house on the street of the October Revolution 57 / 1 is included in the resettlement of old housing.
I cannot answer for the actions of the officials in the 1970s, only know that at the time there was a plan for demolition of old homes, despite the historical significance.
Fortunately, this has not happened, and the decision of the authorities is to rebuild the old house on the street of the October Revolution, representing architectural value, is successfully implemented.
Tenants soon planned расселить on new apartments.
According to Барабаша, restore House Демидова are Italian specialists who have participated in the restoration of buildings in Venice.
Now in Italy, and the project is architectural Biennale "Old Ufa" presented there, among others.
I hope that by 2016 all former Old Street telephone will be short, "said the official.
Purchase order, the home, which was used to, three centuries ago.
House Демидова, is likely to become a museum, open to all comers.
In addition, the government decided to do on weekends, a pedestrian street.
On weekdays, unfortunately, does not work, is too much workload roads in the city.
People from the future museum расселить Vladimir Barabas promises in 2015.
However, it is unlikely they will be: Their new apartments will be of the same area, and that the current.
Only from another era.
In Primorye due to a thunderstorm started a wildfire
The storm caused the dry forest fire at the personnel of the brave Пожарском Охотничьего in the Primorye region.
In place of ignition is building up its forces and resources.
According to the guide, "habit" КГСБУ joined preferences on the spot fire conditions require the involvement of aviation.
Vasily Medvedev, deputy head of the base:
The fire caused by difficult terrain, discovered aboard a patrol aircraft with летчик-наблюдатель An-2 on 3 hectares.
Burning wood, remnants of the old горельнике.
Strong захламленность territory and the steepness of the slope of more than 45 degrees, the lack of suitable for disembarkation десантников-пожарных sites create significant difficulties in extinguishing.
The Mi-8 helicopter is needed.
Power delivery means at the disposal of the base and Mi-2 helicopter An-2 plane is difficult.
After extinguishing the fire detection were promptly planted 4 парашютиста-пожарных.
The main task of professionals is fire-fighting and training platform for the delivery of additional forces and resources.
In the lunch area in the village of Hunting helicopter delivered an additional 3 десантника-пожарных.
Once a playground for landing a helicopter in the area of the fire will be ready, the experts will we now stand at the fight, according to the website of the Primorye region.
Lenny Henry: My father never embraced me.
Never say, "I love you"
Henry was one of seven children born to a family of immigrants from Jamaica in Dudley in Мидлендс in 1958.
His father, who died when Henry was 19, he worked in a factory, and their relationship has been limited.
Henry репетирует comedy, "Rare records Rudi," which is partially based on imaginary conversations with his father and grew out of a series of programmes on Radio 4.
The soundtrack is a mix of 199.4 and rap, and melodies - жизнерадостны.
But Henry had to wading through some difficult memories of childhood.
After the death of his mother was "a lot" of treatment, in addition, Henry often mused about the relationship with his father.
He was very inaccessible.
You never saw his face, you've only heard his voice: "Don't make noise.
Отстань dated sisters.
Шевелись!
I want to watch the cricket.
My older brothers, Seymour and Hilton, who were older, when I was a child, walked with him in the pub and talk about these things, as a form of beer glasses, the beauty of the strike.
I have never talked with him.
He was such a неулыбчивым guy in the corner, reading a newspaper which is a big part of my life.
Henry recently opened the studio are in Dudley and, although conditions were better than in the days of his father, he was able to take a look at what must have been his life.
Now there's a little bit better, but it's dark, дымные labyrinths' full extent, depth of Tartary with outbreaks of fire and smoke and a bunch of soot.
My father залезал in a bathtub and just lay there, and you have heard, as he slowly begins to sing about himself, because he wanted the отмыться mould workshop.
When I came back, I realised that he was doing this for years and years, to earn money for food, and I began to appreciate it more.
Nevertheless, Henry came from a childhood devoid of parental love.
My father never cuddled, never said, "I love you."
Only when her mother became ill at the very end of her life, we started to talk: "I love you, I love you, I love you.
The birth of her own daughter, Billy, from Don French, allowed him to share the love with which he lacked as a child.
You can stop it, "I love you"?
Just don't hug me!
Dad, I'm 22!
With Dawn French.
Why would I not be friends with her?
She's a great mother
They are still great friends with the French, to whom he was married for 25 years.
Don is a good man.
Why don't I make friends with Don?
She's a great mom.
Henry was the mother of the diabetes.
He was the one that killed her.
So, when I was very, very recovered and I had symptoms of diabetes, my doctor said, "You need to take drastic measures.
Then I began serious training фитенсом, and I also had to sit on a strict diet to get rid of the symptoms.
It's very hard.
And that's boring.
Nobody eats carrots.
A change of career trajectories of Henry reflected, perhaps, in his noble, briefly подстриженной beard.
Since he received the recognition of critics for his Othello, he completely immersed in theatre.
"Комедия errors followed," and then "hotel" Огаста Wilson.
This work is different from sitcoms and comedies that were неотъемлимым attribute his busy professional life.
He started his career, when he was 16 and worked in a factory.
DJ noticed how he parodies on the stage, and wrote about it in "The new faces."
His career in television began in the mid seventies: "Quite a long time I was the only black пародистом / first on television."
He was learning on the job.
I not only had to grow in the eyes of the public, I had to learn how to be an effective vehicle for delivering jokes between 1975 and 1985, as a star, working on television, and it was very hard.
Lenny in the 'New faces "in 1975
As his manager had to show "Black and white minstrels," light entertainment program, in which people "чернили themselves face," Henry found that acting in it for five years.
My family is a very disliked.
I'm, like, hopefully, this will never be with me, but I don't regret that I did it.
Although it was strange, worthy of condemnation position, I worked on large venues and learned to work with a crowd.
But what was the "light entertainment awards given to British television classics for years and years," and "it was grotesque to black people."
Introducing characters who were abusive to black culture in the UK, and her perfume, Henry worked in alternative комедийном project in the 1980s.
The first season of "Show Lenny Henry" was broadcast in 1984, and in the 1990s he was known as, among other things, the chef Гэрет Блэклок from the comedy series "Biased!."
Commercials, documentaries, television series and roles in films took the following ten years of his life, but after his putt on the BBC in 2008, "LennyHenry.tv," he thought, "what are you going to do next, Len, because it seems that you little тянешь time or quietly сворачиваешь aside."
Next was a series of documentary broadcasts on Radio 4 called "What's good for...?"
The first was about 0-9).
I was a genuine allergy to Shakespeare.
We cannot say to me adequately taught this at school, and I thought that it was, in many ways, the prerogative of white people with middle-class колготками and cabbage downstairs in front.
So I am very afraid of him.
All of those we interviewed for the show, Peter Hall, Trevor Nunn, Adrian Lester, Judy Денч said: "You need to try.
Not ругай it as long as you don't know what you are talking about.
Произнеси aloud some of those words, and you will understand why we still love Shakespeare.
Henry read 20 rows last monologue from Othello for the documentary, and his зацепило.
I had the feeling that I can do it.
It's like my head выправили.
"That's what it is, this is a serious case, Treat pedestrian seriously, its text, conduct a study.
So, the process of rehearsal was tough, and I read this play for months and months before we got her.
And it was a success.
It seemed that they were waiting for a disaster, but it has not happened.
Soon we began "Комедию mistakes."
Suddenly I was at the National Theatre, and I just couldn't believe it until the end.
There was one moment when I thought, "Oh, you have changed."
The technical problem arose, and Henry instinctively felt that his job was to entertain the audience.
"The Pacific voice inside me said: 'You have to work 10 minutes until they чинят computer.'"
Instead, assistant director announced that view will resume as soon as the problem will be solved.
I walked away from the scene and something in me said, "Oh, thank God."
It's not my responsibility.
I can't let someone else deal with it.
"You're playing in, stay in the role."
In "Henry in the theater" заборах Дачесс
Learn the text for "Заборов" was difficult.
Panic is quite useful, she strengthens muscle.
Took her too well, so it was a sign showing: "Here's what you need to do."
He says that, of course, Громовым voice.
So I держусь this.
I really love it.
I love being in the репетиционном hall.
By the way, Henry is still thinking comic - all the way our conversation перебивают flashes his humor, when he then starts, it finishes to parody.
I just decided not to work in стендапе, because this thing with instant gratification from a room full of strangers, I think, quite dangerous.
If you want to that all the time, this can lead to a standstill.
I sometimes work in "Прямом broadcast in Apollo, when I want, but, in the main, I don't get as much pleasure as before.
I ask, would he give стендапа tour ever.
The joy of sitting in a room with the director, who is helping to shape the beginning, the middle and the end of the road - I don't think that will ever willingly relinquish it.
This is his new incarnation?
I think so.
I like to be an actor.
It's pretty fun.
You always tell a story, and here is a great place for this.
I love history.
People love stories.
Kenya registers public officials to identify "работников-невидимок"
Kenya began биометрическую registration of all government employees in an effort to remove "работников-невидимок" from the government payroll.
Employees who are not registered in the next two weeks, no longer will have to pay, according to a government statement.
The government suspects that thousands of people continue to receive salaries after leaving public service.
President Ухуру Кениата promised to reduce corruption in government agencies after it came to power in 2013.
An audit earlier this year found that at least $1 million (£700,000) a month disappears through payments "работникам-невидимкам" and other financial irregularities.
The government suspects that wages continue to act on bank accounts, even after a person dies or leaves the service, reports the BBC reporter Ваньяма Чебусири from the capital, Nairobi.
All public servants should come within the next two weeks to identification centers to ensure that their data will be collected through biometric registration procedures, according to a government statement.
Anyone who does not do this without cause, the case will be removed from the payroll, according to him.
"This procedure will contribute significantly streamline the civil service, identifying the actual number of public servants, and will also be used to purify your billing statement on both levels of government - hence, end the problem of" работников-невидимок, "said Ann Вайгуру, Cabinet Secretary planning and structuring of power.
Dozens of Turkish police officers arrested in connection with the "plot" against the government
Only 33 of the police officer had been detained in Turkey on suspicion of "conspiring against the government," according to local news agencies.
Police officials did not immediately comment on this information.
Among the detained were 14 senior military officers, according to the Daily News.
Some of them last December have participated in events to identify corruption, which was sent to check on government employees, including four government ministers.
In July, a few Turkish police officers were arrested on suspicion of an organized criminal group and listening to the phone.
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan (who at the time was prime minister) determined their actions as part of the measures taken against him and the other facing the Islamic he Фетхуллахом Гюленом.
Not all of the children returned to school in Ukraine
Schools in the greater part of Ukraine again opened its doors on Monday (September 1) after the summer holidays.
This day is traditionally a big event for families and, like thousands of other parents, Ukrainian Prime Minister Arsenii Yatseniuk took his daughter to school.
There he said ожидавшим told reporters that not all schools were opened again, but that he would do everything possible to protect this country for future generations:
The first of September, the ceremony was held not in every school.
There is a peaceful sky over every part of Ukraine.
We must fight for the peaceful sky.
The whole Ukraine, a huge single Ukrainian People's Front, must strive for a peaceful sky.
Aleks Pastukhov, director of schools in the difference, which went to a daughter, Yatseniuk said in Russian.
We hope that peace will finally be here and that children will receive the knowledge that will be useful in their future lives.
The first day of school traditionally celebrate the fact that children wear embroidered shirt, keeping in the hands of hot air balloons and flowers to give to their teachers.
In the face as the BBC Фейрхед might find such an impressive leader, who she needs
The tail of the glory from the world of banking, media management and internal Tory party circles.
In fact, it has its own experience of working in managerial positions.
Her career began in consulting firm Global Governance in Yorkshire and Co, and then continued in Morgan Stanley, Bombadier, certificates and the world media in the Pearsons.
She was the head of the Financial Times for seven years, resigned when a senior position in the parent company of Pearson's took коллега-мужчина, who held a lower position.
They say that its earnings are approaching £1 million.
Its political rating also abrasion.
It recommended that David Cameron, the former head of BP Lord Browne, when he tried to bring professionals from the private sector in Whitehall: She became an adviser to the Cabinet.
Her husband, a former adviser to the Tories.
Earlier in May, I called the job of chairman of the poisoned bowl.
The BBC is not only a huge and complex organization at the heart of public life, but in its structure, there are internal paradox.
The Council is of two kinds: Inside as the upper level management hierarchy, but the BBC and outside as the voice of the public concern and unrest, when something goes wrong.
It's almost hopeless дуополия, which requires a complete radical reform.
But what the new chairman will have to take the risk come растаптывая and destroying the institution is as complicated as the Chinese dynasty, if he would work himself in the process.
It's a tough decision.
Would this not so difficult, many people will be glad to see the BBC reduced in size, "after a review of its powers, the finance and status.
As the competitors circle of providers and new technologies challenge cosy old habits, inevitable negotiations about the cost of a licence represents a special danger for the BBC.
For the modest sum of £145,50 per year the British gain share in, specifically, the greatest media company in the world.
BBC tells a good story: She says that the results of its work encompasses 96 percent of households and every one of them just 40p a day.
Furthermore, it is obvious that the Beeb is rising: 53 percent support it today, against 31 per cent 10 years ago.
Use the BBC and view the models have changed: I now get news headlines on a mobile phone and watch missed programmes on iPlayer.
But she remains very popular and substantial institution.
He needs an impressive chairman - I hope they find him.
Perry says that Texas's production was written by outsiders
Production from the account of any Republican Governor Rick Perry of Texas on Sunday night contained offensive image of the Democratic district attorney, which is located in the center of a criminal prosecution on charges of abuse of power.
Production was later removed, and followed him yet another account with Perry in which this record was дезавуирована.
Just with my account was published in production, which was written by outsiders.
"I don't approve of this production, and I put them away," he said later.
Perry's aides did not immediately respond to messages requesting comment.
While the recordings were loaded with any account Perry, it was unclear who was actually involved in the publication of the tape.
An earlier production contained нелестную caricature in Travis County prosecutor Розмэри Лемберг, which police for driving in a state of intoxication in April 2013.
Perry imposed a ban on funding for her office when she refused to resign, which led to a grand jury hearing in Austin this month against Perry, which is a potential candidate for the 2016 presidential election.
The signature explode & then glew [sic] states: "I don't always drive my car in a state of intoxication, in excess of three times the permissible level of alcohol in his blood,.. but when I do I claim charges against Governor Perry for what he tells me about it."
I'm the most drunk Democrat in Texas.
Agency Лемберг not guided investigation involving a large jury against Perry.
It was Michael Маккрум, a special prosecutor from San Antonio who was appointed судьей-республиканцем.
Perry has not pleaded guilty and called the prosecution a political ruse.
His powerful legal team asked the judge leading the case, reject the indictment, arguing that the law used to prosecute the governor, calling their responsibilities for the longest in the history of Texas, opporunities, which is contrary to the Constitution.
Perry stopped funding by $7.5 million from the state's compilation of public control, which is based in the District, Travis and prosecution of corruption in the public sector, when Texas Лемберг refused to resign.
The veto led to a formal complaint by a group of public control, with left-wing views.
The account of any Perry frequently updated - and sometimes becomes famous.
The Congress Party came fifth in Iowa during his presidential campaign in 2012, Perry responded to rumors that he might withdraw from the game, by posting a photograph of himself with the production run near the lake, and the words: "That's we, South Carolina!"
Berkeley said that the market returned to "normalcy"
One of the most prominent developers in London, warned that the real estate market in the South East of England "returned" to normal levels of activity.
Homes in the capital were the subject of buoyant demand and rapidly rising prices, while widely spread fears that the credit bubble will push the Bank of England to set limits on mortgage loans in June.
Tony Пиджли, Founder and Chairman of the elite Irish construction company, on Monday said: "Since the beginning of the current financial year, the market returned to normal levels of transactions, with a peak in 2013," adding that it provided "a stable working environment."
The London real estate market flourished during the downturn as foreign buyers gathered in the capital.
Prices in the city have soared by 18.5 percent in the last year alone, according to the Land inventory, significantly outpacing average 6.7 per cent across England and Wales as a whole.
The average market prices in the private, affordable and student schemes Berkeley rose by about a fifth in the past year, reaching £423000 in late April.
However, the strengthening of sterling in recent months has made London property less attractive to foreign buyers, some of whom stopped and the introduction of new taxes on property and political rhetoric around potential "mansions tax" before the general election next May.
London real estate agency Foxtons last week warned that the reform of the mortgage market in April, which were introduced more stringent conditions of the loan, and would involve the reduction of market growth in both property sales transactions and prices during the second half of the year.
Fresh data from the Bank of England on Monday showed the number of mortgages approved in June, suggesting further cooling in the housing market.
Hamptons International, another real estate agency, cut its growth forecast for London property prices for 2015 to 3 percent on the basis of that commitment real estate prices already began to weaken.
The volume of transactions, meanwhile, fell by a quarter compared with the previous year, in the most expensive areas of London, such as Kensington and Chelsea, Мэйфэр, according to agency WA Ellis.
Nevertheless, demand for homes in the capital turned out to be very profitable for Berkeley, lifting sales on the amount above £2.2 billion.
Mr. Пиджли added: "The demand for the goods with good design and the best location has remained the same and, reflecting this, sales in the period have been preserved."
In June, the company reported that sold 3742 new homes in the year to the end of April - almost a third more than in the pre-crisis peak in 2007.
Annual profit before tax rose by 40 per cent compared with the previous year to £380 million, up 18 per cent to £1.6 billion.
Swearing on Monday before the company's annual meeting, Mr. Пиджли reported that alleged income Berkeley this year will match current market expectations.
According to analysts, it is expected that profit before tax for the whole year for £450 million.
The share price of Berkeley has rested on £23,96 during the second half of the day on the London Stock Exchange.
Nude photos of Jennifer Lawrence were published on the internet a hacker
Jennifer Lawrence arrives at the investiture ceremony 85-ую annual prize of the American Film Academy.
Nude photos of actress Jennifer Lawrence, an Oscar, were uploaded on the Internet a hacker, who insists he has "catalog" photos of another 100 rising stars.
Representative stars "Голодных Games" Lawrence confirmed that the photos are real and denounced hacker for "insulting invasion of personal space."
Received treatment in law enforcement, and they will pursue anyone who will post the stolen photos of Jennifer Lawrence.
The photos, which were originally built on the photo sharing website 4chan, presumably, were obtained due to lack of system онлайн-хранения Apple iCloud, and the "catalogue" of hacking victims includes the names of the dozen женщин-знаменитостей, including Rihanna, Kim services, Mary Elizabeth Уинстед and Мэри-Кейт Olsen, according to BuzzFeed.
It is unclear how many of these photos are the real star, though, "Scott Пилигрима Уинстед against all" in Twitter also condemned the hacking.
"Anyone who looks at the photographs that we made with her husband a few years ago, retreating at home," I hope you're proud of yourself, "wrote Уинстед on Twitter.
However, Victoria Justice of serials Nickolodeon "iCarly" and "Виктория-победительница" denied that she had in photos, writing on Twitter: "These so-called nude photos of me, people.
I let it in the bud остановлю tasty pun intended. * * * * * * * * * * * *.
BuzzFeed reported last Sunday that Grande's pop Арианы spokesman denied that the photo, in which, presumably, she was genuine.
An exclusive excerpt from the new novel Howard Джейкобсона about love and the letter "J" that caused critics praise
Weirdest thing about it, the best way to say it, they gradually разваливались, like a cardboard box that was left in the rain.
But sometimes a woman told him that he was too serious, hard to communicate, tense, and maybe a little раздражительный.
And then she пожимала his hand.
He saw in his irritability.
He was колючим like hair, yes.
The last victim of this колючести was little novel, from which he waited longer than usual, lonely and boring life, and perhaps even some satisfaction.
Эйлинн Соломонз was pulsating with beautiful hair and fragile взлохмаченными трепещущим heart of northern island village, even more remote and harsh than Port Ройбен.
She came to the south with the master over themselves, which Кеверн believed her aunt, while the latter has inherited a house in crude, but like Paradise Valley under the name "joyous Райская Valley."
No one lived in the house for several years.
In defence, trickling pipes sat motionless, spiders слизни left their footprints on all the windows, confident that the house belongs to them; garden зарос weeds like giant кочаны cabbage.
It was like a cottage from children ’ s books, simultaneously frightening and enchanting, with a garden full of secrets.
Opinion of the author: Howard Джейкобсон, whose novel "J" included лонг-лист Букеровской premiums in 2014.
The shortlist will be announced next week
And Кеверн Эйлинн sat, holding hands, in a broken industry among the high grass, enjoying surprisingly warm spring day; they both absentmindedly to cheap consoles, which provided with country music and appeasing 3-zmianowy news, when, glancing at her brown crossed his legs, and he remembered the old song long forgotten black performer, whom he loved listening to his father, the curtains in the house.
You've got big feet too.
In view of the inherent aggressiveness, the type of songs to the console, no longer lost.
They were not banned - nothing actually was not forbidden, just more of them is not lost.
They have become, as the word "архаичными archaic."
Public taste did what would never have succeeded in orders and regulations, and in the same way as rich people chose among books of memoirs, staying in poverty, cookbooks and love the novels, of all the music they chose ballads.
This happens during the day, Кеверн began playing the piano and ideation gross comic voice singing great legs Эйлинн.
Эйлинн not understood.
"It was a popular if jazz pianist named Фэтс Уоллер", he told her, automatically placing two fingers to his lips.
So did his father to stop the letter "J" before she power immediately from his lips.
It started with the game, in which they played when he was little.
His father played in it with his father, as he told him.
Start with "J" word, put two fingers to his mouth, "and it will cost you a penny.
It was not very fun back then, and it was not very fun right now.
He knew that from him, wait, that's all.
He had to explain what is jazz.
Эйлинн never heard.
Jazz is playing, even though he was not explicitly prohibited.
Improvisation went out of fashion.
In life, there was only one "if."
When the music started, people wanted to know exactly where it will end.
With the same wit.
His unpredictability had acted on people's nerves.
But jazz was wit, marked with the help of music.
Although he has reached the age of 10 years, never слышав about Sammy Дэвисе Младшем, Кеверн knew about jazz from paternal полусекретной коллеции CDs.
But at least he did not have to speak Эйлинн that Фэтс Уоллер was black.
Given her age, it is unlikely she remembered a time when popular singers were not black.
Again, there are no laws or pressure.
Society was docile, and this meant that every segment of the agreed with gratitude - the gratitude of those spared the fate, "with the principle of group predispositions.
People афро-карибского origin in temperament and physical characteristics are suitable for areas of entertainment and sport - and they were singing and ran.
Natives Индостана, as if by nature talented in everything that concerned electronics, the fact that no family is left without a working electronic phone.
What is left of the Polish diaspora, substitutes works; what is left of the Greek, should have a plate.
Originating from the Persian Gulf and the bank, whose grandfathers were rapidly leave the country when THEN, WHAT happened, IF ВООБЩЕ happened happened, in fear that they were accused of inciting the flame, strictly speaking, in fear that the fire consumes their following, have opened restaurants with лабне and get, not dropping and yearned from leisure.
Each according to his abilities.
As she had heard only Эйлинн ballads, it was hard to understand how offensive the word, who had just sung her Кеверн, could be laid on music.
Music is an expression of love.
"They didn't really offensive," said Кеверн.
Except, maybe, for people who have great legs.
My father never offended anybody, but he loved this song.
He said too much, but launched a garden gave him the illusion of security.
No word could not penetrate the US giant leaves similar to капустные.
Эйлинн still did not understand.
Like your father could love this?
He wanted to say that it was a joke, but he didn't want to if it eases up two fingers to his lips again.
And so she had thought it strange.
"It was funny," he said instead.
She shook her head, closed недоверчиво Кеверну review.
There was nothing in the whole world, in addition to its копны иссиня-черных hair.
Nothing, that he would like to watch.
"Well, if you say so," she said, in his opinion.
But this still does not explain why you sing it to me.
She seemed really upset.
I have too big feet?
He looked at them again.
You cannot say no.
Ankles, maybe a little bit.
And you say you hate me because my ankles are too thick?
I hate you?
Of course, I don't hate you.
It's just this stupid song.
He could say: "I love you," but it was too early.
"I like you very much because you have thick ankles", tried to say he instead.
I have such a distortion.
It was wrong.
He wanted me to this was ridiculous.
Attempts joke frequently made him awkward situation, because, like his father, he was missing the soothing charm that could mitigate the cruelty, крывшуюся in whole or in part.
Maybe his father wanted to be cruel.
Maybe he, Кеверн, wanted.
Despite the good eye.
Эйлинн Соломонз flushed and stood up with the oldies lounger, and the wine that they drank.
Wine from the referendum, so that drugs could not serve as his excuse.
In his excitement, it seemed that she was trembling, like living beings leaves in the weather system.
"And you, I like you very much because you have a pointless head," she said.
Though not like you very much.
He felt sorry for her and because of the excessive brutality of his words, and because of fear, who appeared in her eyes when she gave it to him.
Whether she thought that he hit her?
She has not talked to him about life on the cold northern archipelago, where she grew up, but he has no doubt that she was in basic traits like здешнюю.
The same huge icy ocean struck on both of them.
Those same American pilots could reflect with men, even more sensitive and accused after THAT happened, IF ВООБЩЕ happened than their ancestors, and the smugglers разрушители, shopped in fury from pub to pub, ready to raise a hand on any woman, or to deny them посмевшую поддразнить them.
Pointless head?
They would have shown her a fist, if she was not cautious.
Would be first kissed, kiss now became the most common erotic expression of irritation between a man and a woman; an antidote from fresh ballads, too, which provide proper console - first kiss her, and then hit.
Excessive clarification, according to Кеверна because the kiss itself was already хулиганством.
Эйлинн Соломонз case showed that he needs to leave.
He rose from the lounger, like an old man.
She herself felt the lead weight, but the weight of his grief surprised her.
This was not the end of the world.
They barely knew each other.
She looked, as he goes, and out of an upper window looked, as he leaves, her companion, the man himself to endure взваливший.
Adam, outgoing garden, she thought.
She felt a stab of sympathy towards him and men in general, even though some of them and raised her hand.
The man, from the pulpit, отвернувшийся behind пристыженный, slain, the ability to fight left him - why she felt she knew so well, if she could not recall a single occasion, until today, when she saw this?
Again one Эйлинн Соломонз looked at their feet.
For twenty years prior to the above events or so Esme cantered Нуссбаум, intelligent and energetic 32-летняя исследовательница who worked in "Офнау", an informal service control over Community mood, has prepared a report on the low and medium levels of violence in most parts of the country, where it was expected that it will be reduced, if not over entirely, given the means and the forces that were allocated to its eradication.
"A lot has been done, and a lot is being done," she wrote, "to ease the innate aggressiveness of people who fought in a war and won most of them, especially among these спутанных branches and narrow расселин area, where, despite изгородями spires of churches above Centigrade, gentle breath of human kindness was rarely in history.
However, some quality, it turns out, неискоренимы.
The higher the spire, it would seem, the низменнее those passions that he зарождает.
The population of sheds tears over the sentimental stories of drinking, skipping преодоленных obstacles and announces its overheated belief in the virtue of marriage and family life, but not only the old rudeness retains its strong grip as in rural communities and in urban settlements, but there is evidence that a new depth and vile задиристость in homes, in the workplace, on roads and even in playgrounds.
"You have досадная habit of writing too much," said her supervisor, having read the report as a whole.
It seems to me that you should read shorter novels.
Esme cantered Нуссбаум lowered his head.
I must also ask you: You атеистка?
"I think that is not obliged to answer," said Esme cantered Нуссбаум.
Are you gay?
Esme cantered again insisted on his right to privacy and silence.
Feminist?
Again, silence.
"I ask," said Luther Рабиновиц finally, "not because I am against atheism, лесбийства or feminism.
Here we have no prejudice.
We are the servants of society without prejudice.
But some kinds of hypersensitivity, absolutely reasonable and a good in themselves, they may sometimes distort the results, such as those that you have shown me.
It is obvious that you yourself предубеждены against the church, and what you call "malevolent" and "rude", others would be interpreted as an expression of natural and healthy.
Continue the нудеть BUT THAT happened, IF ВООБЩЕ happened, as if it happened, if it happened yesterday, it means depriving the country needed her life force.
Esme cantered Нуссбаум огляделась on both sides until Рабиновиц said.
Over his head, and pink as gimmicks and LED letters repeated advice that "Офнау" gave the country the last quarter of a century or more.
His neighbour, улыбайся value of his spouse, listen to ballads, walk, talk on the phone, organise, talk, listen, объясняй соглашайся, извиняйся.
The conversation is better than silence, word of the song better than the written word, but there is nothing better than love.
"I fully understand that you want to say," said Esme cantered Нуссбаум quietly, when satisfied that her supervisor had finished speaking, "and I don't want to say anything, except that we're not излечились as efficiently as we convince ourselves.
My concern is that unless we are ready, we will find that repeat mistakes that initially led to ТОМУ ВООБЩЕ IF THAT happened, happened.
Only this time we выбросим their anger and distrust the other.
Luther Рабиновиц joined his fingers in a sitting.
That gesture was supposed to mean an infinite patience.
"You go too far," he said, "calling" mistakes "actions that made or not made our grandfathers.
You go too far and when talking about what they threw away their "anger" and "mistrust" in the "other."
In your place, people should not need since then about the fact that, in the past, it is now, we don't talk about "us" and "them."
There was no "us" and no "other."
It was a time of turmoil - that's all we know.
"For which, to be honest with ourselves," ventured into Esme cantered, "neither part of society may well justify themselves.
I am not accusing anyone.
Whether it's bad or good, what is done is done.
Then it was back then.
Nothing needs to be said - here we agree.
And how not to blame anybody, we should not make excuses and, if that was appropriate, or if it could be something to fix.
But why the past, if not to learn "
Past Update to ensure that we have forgotten.
If I can add to that one word -
Luther's Great Pyramid Рабиновица fallen apart.
"I'll review your report," he said, and dismissed her.
The next day, on the way to work, her knocked мотоциклист, who rode on the sidewalk, passersby, described as "a vicious rage."
Coincidences happen.
Lesotho military says no coup planned; the prime minister remains in South Africa
Representatives of the Lesotho army denied the fact preparing a coup to overthrow the government, saying that they acted against the police, which is suspected of trying to arm of political fanatics.
Prime Minister Thomas Табане left the country, saying that the army of a country surrounded by his official residence and seized government buildings in the capital Масеру.
The prime minister took his family in neighboring South Africa, saying he received threats on his life.
Army spokesman Major Нтлеле Нтои said that was not, in fact, a coup, but that the army has responded to the threat from "political fanatics", which the police tried to outfit.
"What happened this morning, it is that the command of the armed forces took action after receiving several Lesotho intelligence reports suggested that among police forces, there are some elements that really plan to equip young fanatics, some political parties who were prepared to foment chaos," he told Voice of America.
South African government spokesman Клейсон Моньела said that the actions of the army looked like a coup.
"Although nobody has filed claims on the seizure of power by force, by all reports, the actions of the armed forces of Lesotho at the moment are the signs of a coup," he said.
Lesotho military officials reported that the soldiers returned to barracks in the capital on Sunday and calmly.
Meanwhile, the deputy prime minister runs the government in the absence of Мотетжоа Метсинг Табане.
Табане said he believes that the assault in connection with an attempt to fight corruption in the country.
The situation is very tense in Lesotho since June, when the parliamentary session Табане suspended as a result of differences in their combined government.
He said that his actions have not undermined the government, despite allegations otherwise.
Chelsea midfielder Marco van Гинкел will spend the coming season on loan at Milan, "said Milan Channel.
21-year-old Dutchman arrives in Italy in the coming hours for medical examination.
Last season he went on the field as part of the London club only three times.
Recall that earlier Milan leased from Liverpool striker Fernando Torres.
Manufacturing in the eurozone at its lowest figure in 13 months
Output growth in the eurozone slowed to the lowest in 13 months in August, according to a popular study.
The business index (PMI) for the eurozone manufacturing sector public fell to 50.7 in August, dropping from 51.8 in July.
The value of above 50 indicates growth.
New orders, Barbarossa and businesses suffered amid growing tension between the EU and Russia in connection with Ukraine.
The values were received before the meeting of the European Central Bank (ECB) on Thursday.
Markets will wait for the bank, a clear plan for how to deal with the eurozone ’ s recovery, as well as the threat of deflation, with inflation of just 0.3 per cent.
There is speculation that ECB chief Mario Draghi announced later this week, may give further signals that he is contemplating scheme of quantitative easing in the eurozone, similar to those used by Britain and the United States during the financial crisis.
"Although some growth is better than no growth, braking effect of the growing economic and geopolitical uncertainties on producers are becoming more obvious," said Rob Dobson, senior economist at public.
The manufacturing sector PMI in Germany, a major trade partner of Russia in the EU, has fallen to the lowest level in 11 months of 51.4.
Meanwhile, in the bloc's second-largest economy, France, the PMI fell to 46.9.
France continues to cause real concern, as well as weakening Italy from stable growth to stagnation.
Signs that growth momentum faded mainly industrial engine, Germany, as well as in Spain and the Netherlands, also adds to the confidence, "said Mr Dobson.
The industry will likely still would add fuel to the fire, analysts anticipating the introduction of additional monetary or tax-based incentives.
One positive news was from Ireland, where the PMI rose to 57.3, its highest level since the end of 1999.
Howard Арчер, chief economist at IHS Global Insight, said: "The best that can be said about the August survey index of business activity in the eurozone manufacturing sector is that it shows that the sector is still growing."
He added: "Eurozone manufacturers, obviously, are finding life very difficult at the moment, as the current increased geopolitical tension - particularly associated with the Russia / Ukraine, adds uncertainty still difficult conditions in many countries.
This increasing tension, apparently hit by business - and especially on the confidence of consumers, and is likely to lead to the fact that some orders are delayed, or even cancelled, especially large orders.
He said that "more and more it looks like" that the ECB, of course, will have to conduct some kind of quantitative easing, "although we suspect that it will be limited."
Mariupol residents living within a human chain against militia
In Mariupol, until last week, it was all calm, nobody — to organize Мариупольскую folk republic, a town on the Azov Sea, lived and worked.
Now, residents await with horror, "militia."
According to political analysts, separatists break to go to the Мариуполю Азовскому sea - was recently taken town Новоазовск, who also was a member of the self-proclaimed republics.
Мариупольцы decided that the Ukrainian army, though, and will be defending them, but they force her a little bit against well armed representatives ДНР-ЛНР and gathered to help the military.
They say trenches, build the roadblock and strengthening.
On Saturday night, several thousand people arrived on the eastern border of the city, and stood there in the live circuit, singing the anthem of Ukraine.
They are going to do the same in case of attack.
Volunteers collect and equipment and products, collect the drugs issue, the newspaper said.
In a city gradually close shops, stop job banks and ATMs.
Ten years of hell for ten years: Survivors of the Beslan school seizure of жуткого as children who were in her, still suffer
Ten years ago, more than 1,000 people were taken hostage by Chechen rebels at a school in Beslan, in southern Russia
More than 330 people, more than half of them children, were killed during the three-day trial that shocked the world
We returned to Beslan, to find some of the victims who had cheated death during the atrocities in school
Exactly a decade after the terrible Beslan school seizure, during which killed 334 people, including 186 children, heroically survived catastrophe warned last night about the new апокалипсисе in Ukraine.
When the terrorists that Islamic fanatics, captured and killed children and parents on 1 September 2004, at the beginning of the new quarter, it seemed something like extreme extent possible evil.
The tragedy united the east and west in dread, which famously then turned into action and hope for the future in the imposing of grief.
Ten years later, we returned to Beslan in southern Russia, to find some of the victims who had cheated death during the atrocities in school.
We found amazing young people who stood against trouble, although memories of terrorist hell will live with them forever.
Their greatest hope?
That war, which now afflicts Ukraine, in which the same children as they die, now.
The girl, who is trying to get back in the gym обстреливаемый
She project the image of a famous Russian photographer Dmitry Белякова when in underwear trying to get back in the gym after the explosion обстреливаемый mines.
Embarrassed by her mother, countries desperately searched for Ларису, who is now 40.
There were fears that the two they died, but in fact they survived.
"The woman told me to run hard, but I couldn't," said then, like).
My legs were covered with blood.
I got up and climbed back inside to find his mother.
The soldier picked up and took her to a safe place.
After a chain of operations, it is thought that fully recovered, but yesterday said: "Three months ago, the pain returned.
I'm afraid that I might need another operation.
A few fragments left in my vertebrae.
Her goal now is to become a dentist, to help people like her have helped doctors.
"This tragedy has changed my life, but it's certainly not поломала her," she says with a challenge.
"It happened to me, and you cannot change this fact.
Once a year I always go to the gym, to remember all those who have stayed there.
My friends and I tried not to talk about it on other days.
The pain is too strong.
My best friend, who was supposed to be my year, Дзера Гапоева was murdered there.
We played together when we were young, and dreamed that go to school together.
"I do not want to get married until I'm gone though studies and will not work.
I'll have to think about the family later.
She says the seizure is still with her, although memories of the fade a little every year.
I am pleased that many people in the world still remember about our predicament, and we are so grateful for the assistance we received from people from the UK and from everywhere.
When I see a photograph on the Internet, where I лезу in school window, I think that many people will see it for the first time, learn about this tragedy and will do so that this never happened.
The boy, who fled through a hail of bullets, believing that his mother is dead
It was his first day at school (the Russians are beginning to study at school in seven years), and went through three days of capture, his mother Тамару.
When he was seven, and he said, "my mom told me to lie down, if there is an explosion, and hold her hand."
After one of the explosions, he thought that she was dying.
She told him: "Come."
Fearing that she is dead, he ran across the road and saw a crying baby, grabbed the child by the hand and ran through a hail of bullets.
His father, Vladimir, who grabbed his son outside, said: "The Damir told me that his mother had died.
He said: "I couldn't save her."
In fact, Tamara climbed to freedom and was in the hospital with wounds in the legs, in turn, thinking that her son was killed.
After their reunion, she said: "I cried with joy.
I couldn't believe it.
He rushed and hugged me.
Mythic later brought to London (now несуществующая newspaper News of the World), where he was awarded as small children from the Fund Barnardo's Prime Minister Tony Blair and his wife, Sheri.
"This horror is returned to you every day, but I wish I could stop remembering him," he said yesterday.
But I can tell you that in my memory it is to fade.
I remember right after that I threw all of my игрушечное weapons.
But I can now play computer games with shooting, and it's not a problem for me.
"I am not afraid to return to the gym, but I didn't think about herself.
I remember those kids with whom I played in the yard, which has not escaped.
We would never say that they killed or dead.
We say that they stayed in the gym.
I remember my trip to London so well, especially in a toy shop, where they let me choose what I wanted, and traveling in a car with an open top.
But now he is afraid for such places as Ukraine, where war causes such grief, which survived, he and his friends.
This horror comes back to you every day, but I wish I could stop remembering him
"I feel so sorry for all those who suffer from these horrors," said Damir, who in the past week, doing volunteer work in a women's monastery.
I want to help.
I want to serve in the police, and I hope someday I included in training academy in the next year.
His mother, Tamara, 48, said: "37 children, have been killed in this quarter, could you imagine?
I remember the horrible silence immediately after the takeover, it was not just the children who would have screamed and ran around and this silence lasted for many months.
She vividly remembers his trip with Дамиром in London.
People in London cried when I told our story.
I realized then, as people on the other end of the earth can understand our feelings, can support.
She was grateful to "Sheri Blair and its fund for the award and the opportunity to go to London in the autumn of 2004.
I would like to call Sheri and simply the most to her to say that 10 years have passed, but I still remember a meeting with her and her husband in London and how they helped Дамиру and me.
I remember when Damir wanted to eat, they rang up all the local Russian restaurants.
I remember how he played with in the restaurant, the waiters are Damir shot them from his water pistol, and they flee and played with him.
And only one month has passed since then our nightmare.
I was shocked that the British were so willing to share our grief and to support us.
She said: "I still think that this world was no better over these 10 years.
Now in Ukraine is a war, people are dying every day, and I think many children have been killed or be killed.
It's just the same as our children.
I think for many people, war is a news broadcast, that they listen to when they get bored or when they are busy with something else.
I just know that these people are feeling, the horror of it.
And I can't stop feeling it.
Nothing has changed, people still want to kill each other, and it's so sad.
Damir grew up and became very soft and quiet as a boy, he's not an aggressive and angry.
He is not looking for revenge, for example, he did not just fixed on it in this last nightmare.
I know that he does not like to remember it, but they are very close with six classmates, and they go to the gym from time to time and burn candles there.
When he was younger, he suffered from it - I remember that as he lay on the couch, facing away from us, for hours.
Not slept, and his eyes were open.
I also remember how he threw all his weapons and other military toys. Дамиру now 17, he was above me, nice, smart and healthy.
I can hardly believe that a few hours I was so sure that he is dead and that I never see more.
When I was able to recover from the explosion and rose to his feet, I огляделась, I saw hell around himself when parts of bodies were lying everywhere.
I was absolutely sure that it is not possible to my little boy could survive in this hell.
"I remember that I shouted at him:" Damir, come, убегай ", but again I was so sure that he had not heard me.
But he heard, and ran off.
So life goes on for us, unlike so many others.
Georgy Ilyin, 17 years
The boy, whose shocking photo after capture was decisive for the Beslan tragedy
Peace: Surviving Beslan Georgy Ilyin with her mother Фатимой after taking over in 2004, and to the right of Georgy today
On his bloody face was a mark of fear when they were fleeing from death, when Chechen terrorists shot his classmates.
His photograph was one of the most shocking character barbarism in Beslan.
His mother, Fatima, 54, the chief doctor, enrolled him in school in the first day of school before the culmination of the eldest son of Vladimir in university.
"I went away for two minutes before the terrorists ran into the yard, so that my little boy was left alone for three days of nightmare," she recalled.
Not just one, there was the family of our relatives, but they were all killed.
Only my Dima managed to survive.
The closer the date, the harder to think and talk about it.
There is not a single day when we won't remember this tragedy.
We don't think that it was a long time ago, I think it was yesterday, some scenes of these days, I have all the time in front of the eyes.
No one will never forget, I promise you.
Photograph: Soul западает George (left) was one of the most shocking images of the attack and was увековечена into sculpture (right)
I remember George just wanted to go to school that day, said that a teacher who wants to hug.
I only found out that he was alive when I saw him on TV.
And now even have the sculpture crying George in San Marino.
George doesn't like to look at this picture, and she was hidden in the closet at home.
I understand, but I also think that the photos of people from all over the world are feeling the pain.
George says now: "It is important that this never happened.
"I doubt that we ever learn the truth.
People continue to investigate this tragedy and will never learn the truth.
Now they are investigating the collapse of Boeings in Ukraine.
Will we ever know what it was called?
This world is going to something very bad.
"I can't understand how it happens, because if you ask people, and nobody wants a war, because it is happening?
Ten years is nothing for this pain.
We need to have dozens of years slightly to forget her.
It has affected my health, and I still feel it.
About three or four years of nightmares because of me, but now it became better.
I returned to school later in 2004, I was very scared every day.
I thought about my friends and get rid of, who were killed.
That's why I continue to walk into the gym before every September 1.
I want to pay tribute to the memory of my old childhood friends.
I find it difficult to enter the gym, but I must do this.
I don't feel like a victim, this story is part of my past now.
I won't forget about it, but I am not feeling sorry for ourselves.
My life continues.
I graduated from high school this year and enrolled in the Medical University in Vladikavkaz.
I'll learn to become кардиохирургом.
My first choice was to go into the army.
I wanted to be a military man, but my health is not allowed.
I want to fight for my country, but this will not happen.
Georgy Фарниев, 20 years
The boy, who survived, despite the fact that he was at the feet of террориста-убийцы
Incredible: George Фарниев was at the feet of террориста-убийцы during capture, but still he managed to survive
During the takeover, however in the gym he was sitting next to a bomb at the feet of террориста-убийцы.
Indeed, it is a miracle that he was not killed.
"It seems to us that it was yesterday," says Giorgi, who wanted to study the intelligence officer in the Federal Security Service (FSB), but couldn't because of the damage that was caused by his health during his capture.
It's still with me, this is not something that I left behind.
I am older now, and they say that children can easily cope with bad events, I must say that this is not true.
"In 2006 I worked with psychologists, and I felt a bit better after that, but I can't forget it.
But I'd like to forget.
In 2005, "the following year - was the first and last time, when I went into the gym again.
I lost consciousness.
I would never go there again, and, please, don't ask me to show, where I sat on this famous photograph.
An A-bomb survivor: George Фарниев today with an open laptop to photograph themselves in hospital after seizure
My pain is enormous, and I carry it with me every day.
My friends know that I don't like to think about it or talk about it, and they never asked me about my school.
With regard to the physical condition, and I'm healthy.
I need to be cautious with the knee, which was damaged, but now I go okay.
But health is not allowed me to go to study at the Academy of the Federal Security Service in St Petersburg, as I wanted to.
I sent my documents, including medical reports, and they said that was impossible.
My second passion was animals, so I went to the institute.
I studied there for two years.
He learns to treat all animals, from cats to cows. "
He said: "I know that never will talk to their children about their experiences.
It is not what children should know, and, of course, is not what they need to survive.
His mother, Marina, 42, said: "The pain never leaves me.
She's in my soul, and worse, when the anniversary is approaching.
I will go and will attend the ceremonies, which will be held, to celebrate her.
I know that George did not go.
For him it should be even stronger, because he was there, but I'm not.
I was waiting for him at home and couldn't help.
I am so grateful to God that he came back to me... Here in Beslan print lies on each.
He remains with us.
George, now an adult, but the nightmare was still with him.
It's hard to take when something so terribly unfair that happens to you.
He was a boy, he loves the sport, but he can't do because of the knee.
He had several operations, he can walk, but he can't exercise.
I would say that the 50 per cent he overcame this nightmare, but it is impossible to completely overcome and forget it.
This eerie experience will remain with us.
Many of my friends and neighbors had been killed during the capture, and this only reinforces my pain.
I lost a lot of people who I knew well and who were dear to me.
My son with me, and this is the best gift that God could I do, but my heart aches for those who had been killed.
I know the family, where the children were born, but I know and widows who never married.
It's hard to accept that life goes on, even if you don't want to.
I will never forget how heart выпрыгнуло out of my chest at that moment when I saw him in the hospital.
Now I look at what is happening in the world, "the war in different regions.
These people are fighting for what?
Why are they killing each other?
The war is very close to our country right now, and I can hardly believe it.
We were a close-knit country in the past, how did it come about that we are fighting now?
Men and children are suffering, I am sure, many children have already been killed in Ukraine, and many will be killed.
If they can grab all the rebels and throw away - far away, as soon as possible.
Алёна Цкаева, 10 years
The baby, which was touching claimed in a safe place special forces fighter
Спасенная: Алёну Цкаеву is in a safe place, the Russian special forces fighter (left).
Now her ten (right), and she didn't remember about чудовищном crime
The world stopped breathing in 2004, when a small Алёну issued at the hands of the school in Beslan was seized by Russian police.
Terrorists released her, but with cruelty left her 30-year mother, sister and brother Махара decadal Kristina's school in the gym.
Махар, who was then three years old, escaped, but Алёнины mother and sister were killed in deadly slaughter.
Her father, Ruslan has since married again, and they had with his new wife downturn have a young daughter, which he called Christine in memory of her daughter, which he lost.
Алёна, who is now ten, remembers nothing about the capture and flourished in Cambridge and read a pleasurable girl, neighbors say.
"They're a big happy family now, and Алёна Махар - both beautiful and the children," says a close friend.
Ruslan is a great father and wants to keep them away from all the memories when they celebrated the tenth anniversary.
You can understand why.
Midfielder tells Academservice, who returned from Manchester United in дортмундскую "Боруссию," noted that he is looking forward to when he can get back on the field in the form of a German club.
According to him, this transfer is a joyful event in your career.
Of course, I am very glad that I'd play again for "Боруссию," Bild quoted Кагавы.
I feel very good.
Full of positive emotions and look forward to when I get back on the field in the form of "Боруссии."
The children moved to the "DOJ" from "Боруссии" in the summer of 2012 for 16 million euros.
However, he failed to gain a foothold in the English club, having spent two seasons of all 38 matches in the championship of England by scoring 6 goals and 8 effective transmission.
A man accused of наезде on girl in a “success ” in Файфе
78-летний man stands trial on charges of наезде I ’ is the girl in a “success ” in Файфе.
Gordon Stewart allegedly knocked the girl in transition in the East Ньюке Питтенвине.
Prosecutors said that Mr. Stewart was his Audi hotel without due care and attention and knocked the girl, with the result that she has suffered trauma.
Stewart, 78 years old, from Анструтера, denied their guilt in court шерифском Dundee.
Sheriff Charles Макнэйр, royal court date the lawyer appointed in January.
Obama, Merkel and Hollande do not отоварятся in Vladivostok
Airport Duty Free shop Vladivostok posted sign prohibiting shopping in this store, a number of the world's political leaders.
Not отовариться them spirits, vodka and коньяком.
The store has decided that U.S. President Barack Obama, German Chancellor Angela Merkel, French President François Hollande, Vitali Klitschko and Yulia Tymoshenko, prime minister of Japan and a few famous friends will not be able отовариться vodka of the spirits in their store.
The sign on the door and вывесила.
Earlier, Obama received the ban on the emergence of the even less accessible by service provider - dietary canteens of Moscow State University, told the website catering establishments.
Whether with the American president would ever dream of eating in a dining room in Russia, these are not known, but the authors themselves seem explicitly bans остроумными terribly.
Is there cheese after the embargo: Medvedev gave advice аграриям
Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev said that the Russian embargo аграриям should explore new technology to build the popular among buyers of varieties of cheeses.
The council was given during a visit to the "Югптицепром" firms "agrocomplex."
The Prime Minister also gave advice рестораторам start to work with the Russian meat, the quality of which is at an appropriate level.
The embargo on food imports was introduced in Russia since August 7.
The chief of Russia's national team coach Valentin Маслаков DecaNation pleased with results of the tournament.
According to the expert, the third place is a good result considering the absence of targeted training for competitions.
Our athletes were on his level, "the" sport "make Маслакова.
Third place is confirmation of our fairly high command level.
Is pleased that the advantage of the French and even the Americans over us is minimal.
We should bear in mind that we are not prepared for these competitions.
The season is over, and we will not require our leaders to participate in the match DecaNation.
In recent years, we were second at this tournament, but this season we have updated team.
The French, by contrast, is still fighting a team that includes 13 champions of Europe.
They do not conceal their intention to win this year, has repeatedly publicly declared.
But even such a composition hosts competitions couldn't resist the Americans.
Therefore, I believe that the Russians have acted in such a company representative at a good level.
But the results in some species were considerably lower than in the same "Бриллиантовой league."
The season is over.
Of course, the athletes are not so important is the result, especially in team competitions.
It is the most important thing here is the place.
But on the basis of the results, agreed, absurd, when it came to the 1,500 meters men so you ’ re into tactical хитросплетениями running that showed a lower than average... women run.
4 tips, how to achieve a better quality of underwater photos and videos
If you want to take photos or shoot video under water in front of you a whole range of options.
The cheapest option is waterproof "Point and Shoot," for example, the Nikon Coolpix AW120, or, for example, GoPro Hero3 экшн-камера + Silver Edition, both of which are sold for about $300.
I took these pictures on a family holiday with the help of several cameras, all for the price of about $350.
No matter what equipment you use, the more rules you need to abide by in order to achieve the best results.
Перепроверяйте their equipment.
Even if you have a waterproof camera, make sure the camera case and other branches of the tightly closed.
In addition, set up their camera for the type of photos or videos that you shoot.
Some of the photos and video cameras filming or object type is regimes that optimise exposure for mages underwater conditions.
And before you jump in the water, look at how deep your equipment can fall.
Some cameras are aimed only at 5 feet, others - 50 or 60 feet.
Look at our leadership and customer ratings digital cameras for both traditional and for November models.
Remove a few frames - because many of them don't enclosures.
"Have essentially have" increased LCD that can help you, whereas your экшн-камер them usually don't.
Even if you have LCD, it will be difficult to see under the water, and the layout of the frame is a random process.
So do a few frames.
Also, if you have your camera's serial shooting mode, which takes several shots with slightly different plant exhibits, take it.
Stay near the surface.
The amount of light is significantly reduced, the deeper you нырнете under water.
If possible, stay near the surface, when you're shooting in a swimming pool, a river or ocean.
It also allows you to transmit more colour in photographs; the deeper you get, the fewer colors you'll see.
Подплывайте closer to shooting.
This is excellent advice for shooting on the land, but it is even more important under the water because of the mages light conditions.
It is especially important if you're shooting on экшн-камеру: This equipment often comes with a fixed, широкоугольной lens, which means that you have to get closer to shooting, if you want to fill the frame.
2012 Olympics bronze medalist in freestyle wrestling Билял Махов may move into греко-римскую struggle.
The chief coach of the national team in Dagestan in freestyle wrestling Сажид Сажидов.
He did not rule out involvement of an athlete at the World Championship in Tashkent in September 2014.
Currently, the team is gathering Билял Махов "classics," "make Р-Спорт Сажида Сажидова.
In general, the юниорам Билял and played in both styles.
The world youth championships in 2005, he was the winner of the tournament and third prize-winner вольников греко-римлян in competitions and decided to concentrate on freestyle wrestling.
Talks went for a long time, that a new phase of his career, our heavyweight in Greco-Roman wrestling.
More: I can perform at Махов World Championship in Tashkent - if we win прикидку.
But the key word is always тренерским headquarters led by Gogi Когуашвили.
Andrew Lawson was such a man, whose force of personality could shake things around, even in such a giant organization like the National Health Service.
Консультирующий anaesthetist, he has devoted his career needs of patients suffering from the disease and the treatment of tattooing.
Among those who spoke to him, recalls his wife, was an officer in the M16, who had to live with devastating effects of torture.
Lawson knew that as long as Dr. passionate about being diagnosed and diseases, those being treated mostly worried about something else -- the pain.
One day in 2007, however, he appeared to those who suffer.
"I never felt, as usual," he wrote in May last year.
I found it hard to find strength in herself.
Struggling with symptoms similar to flu, he found that his wife, Джулиет reproaches irritably.
"I want all happened sooner rather than later," he said.
When Джулиет left for a week, Lawson found that unusual and it is unclear why he was upset.
Something was wrong.
He asked a colleague to do chest X-rays.
Just two weeks before he went skiing in the Alps Французских.
Results of the X-rays came.
It was mesothelioma, a terminal cancer, which affects the lungs, плевру or shell.
For most cancers it is difficult to determine an exact cause.
Although some people succumb to cancer of the lung, for example, not all patients develop lung cancer smoked.
But with mesothelioma differently.
In almost all cases the cause is contact with asbestos, grainy construction material, who once called a "miracle," but which, as we now know, deadly dangerous.
For most of us mesothelioma is a disease that you don't pay attention.
Asbestos, in the end, is the material from the past.
The most dangerous type of asbestos is not used in the UK since the 1960s, when these industrial ban came into force.
Even when it has been used, only people from specific sectors worked in close contact with him: Трубоизолировщики, builders, carpenters and workers of all computers, for example.
Industrial toxin from another era, he hardly seems cause for concern today.
But such a calm erroneously.
Britain, it turns out, is now at the peak of the epidemic мезотелиомы.
More people die from мезотелиомы here than in any other country on the planet.
The annual death rate in about 2,500 people, more than twice as many people die from the disease than as a result of road crashes.
The annual number of deaths from мезотелиомы since 1980 and projected the number of deaths in the UK in the future
The reason we feel its deadly consequences right now, lies in the fact that, although the use of asbestos and it is illegal for many years (all types of asbestos were eventually banned by law in 1999), for the development of мезотелиомы go usually tens of years.
And the problem is not limited to veterans мезотелиомы specialties industrial construction.
Asbestos was, and is, in many cases, remains in the house where we live, where we work, offices, schools, where we learn, and shops, where we go shopping.
As a result, mesothelioma does not pay attention in class, profession, income level or age.
The fashionable London избранности bastions, to private schools, as it turned out, not salvation.
The parliament building is riddled with asbestos.
Even hospitals that are meant to cure us of deadly reservoirs have proved to be a carcinogen.
Andrew Lawson was not old.
He was not трубоизолировщиком.
Strictly speaking, he had to think where he might have come into contact with asbestos.
Then he realized.
"It seems that there might be a lot of asbestos in tunnels in Guy's Hospital where I spent six years on it," he wrote.
All are students, nurses, doctors and грузчики - used these тоннелями.
I wonder how many of my peers expect the same disease?
It was a question to which, unfortunately, he was able to give a partial response.
"Of the four doctors who we Guy at the hospital and have subsequently developed mesothelioma for the past five years," he said in a letter in 2010, "I alone remained alive."
How many of us expect this disease?
Andrew Лоусону was diagnosed with "mesothelioma," when he was 48 years old.
When he died on February 17 this year, he was 55.
Live so long is unusual.
Fifty percent of patients die from mesothelioma eight months after diagnosis.
It is always fatal.
So, now, we can only repeat Lawson's question: "How many of us expect this disease?"
According to a leading expert in the UK, Professor Джулиану Kolya Пито, most likely assume that the years between 1970 and 2050, when the asbestos epidemic in Britain should bootmaker himself, by a man about to die.
Most now are not that would die that way.
Asbestos mine in Quebec, Canada, with
A quick review of reports from the halls of the court, where victims are often seek compensation, shows how far it has spread attack мезотелиомы.
In June, for example, Marks & Spencer acknowledged that included three Джэнис Ellen contact with asbestos.
She worked for nine years, from 1978 to 1987, apparel departments at two sites, one of which was the store on Oxford Street.
Mrs Ellen was just 18 years old when she started working at M & S.
Now her two children are older than 20 years old.
"Before this happened," she says, "I have never heard of Kolya, I barely knew about Асбесте.
And in my head I could not come to that, I will.
Few people really know a lot about Асбесте.
In fact, asbestos is not one substance, and a group of six minerals.
They get their name from the word "асбестиформ", which means the fibrous structure, which tells them the strength and flexibility.
Of those six, three were often used in construction.
Chrysotile, widely known as white asbestos, much more often than other occurs in buildings today.
It has been used in roofing panels, used his thermal insulation pipes, boiler, toilets, even the brake колодках cars.
He less смертелен than other forms of asbestos, but still recognised by the European Union and the World Health Organization is "a source of serious health damage," which can lead to death.
More dangerous, however, brown asbestos (амозит) and blue asbestos (крокидолит).
Britain was once the world's largest importer of brown asbestos in the world, and experts have suggested that "there are good, though indirect reasons to believe that this is the main reason for the exceptionally high number of patients with mesothelioma [in the UK]."
An employee of the Marks & Spencer was exposed to asbestos in the main store on London's Oxford Street, with
Джэнис Ellen may not have thought of yourself as a victim, but Julian Пито мезотелиомы work suggests that her story is not unusual.
He conducted a study of patients, which suggests that a "substantial percentage мезотелиом when there is no known exposure at work or at home, were most likely caused by exposure to asbestos from the environment."
The bulk of this impact, he says, is "normal" weather exposure and use in our buildings.
No one, it seems, can't be sure that he is safe.
The report Goddard Consulting, which was in the palace of Westminster, demonstrates how people, even in the heart of government, may have been exposed to unconsciously.
In 2009, Goddard said that technical mines and pipelines for the premises of parliamentary committees were infected with deadly asbestos fibers, which could follow in the movement, something so harmless as "strong currents of air."
Members of the parliament often blame the fact that they are pursuing their own interests, but in this case it seems that the opposite is true.
Although the dish on the maintenance of Parliament insisted that Westminster Palace received a "clean bill of health," and now she recognized that it is necessary to work on the £1 billion for the reconstruction of the Parliament, by upgrading electrician and removing asbestos, and that after the general election in 2015, possibly members of parliament, will meet in the conference centre disproportionately to nearby, not on the green benches horizon.
Goddard report noted that "the situation with the asbestos was ruled not in accordance with the various rules."
It is impossible to know whether this error management cost lives.
All I can do now is wait.
One of those who could not identify their exposure to asbestos is Graham cost, general practitioner.
As Andrew Lawson, cost, 50 years, suspects that he was exposed to asbestos when he worked in hospitals.
"I worked at the hospital, which has successfully been indicted claims associated with asbestos," he says, "But I can't prove this in my case.
It's so hard to remember all the places where he worked, and dates.
What he remembers clearly, so this day in early December 2009, when his wholly overcame something that was like the flu.
He was 45, and he was in the middle of the operation later in the evening.
Suddenly were shaken as me.
It started very quickly.
I felt terrible.
I thought that I won't be able to drive all the way to homes.
Being a doctor, knew that cost comes from pain, including checking for iframe loads a shell around the lungs.
However, like Джэнис Ellen, he simply had no reason to suspect мезотелиому.
In the end, he could not walk to work a month.
7.8 doctors doing chest x-rays and плевральные катетеры to pull fluid from the lungs and send it for analysis.
And yet his condition оставлось without the diagnosis.
Gradually, his health has improved, and he returned to work.
But from time to time, those same symptoms return, often after he engaged in sports, and he breathed heavily.
In 2011, one of the patients came to him in Dubai office with similar symptoms, and he was later diagnosed with mesothelioma. ""
But even then the cost of not linked it with its own case.
In the end, his patient was on ten years older and worked with asbestos.
In this case, the connection was obvious.
In September 2011, the condition worsened again, Dubai and Kazakhstan his doctor showed him the results of x-rays and CT experts group.
In December 2011, exactly two years after the cost began to feel ill, the sensor, equipped with a camera, was introduced into his chest cavity between the shell and shell of his lung.
I'm an optimist.
I usually just go further, "he said.
I'm not too upset about it, to be honest.
But Rachel, my wife, experienced.
The biopsy came in the week between Christmas and New Year: "I was told that it was mesothelioma."
Graham: Cost of mesothelioma diagnosis
Suddenly cost sank during meetings with Macmillan nurses, one of whom suggested he contact a lawyer.
It was then that he realised the scale of the epidemic.
"It turns out that asbestos was commonly used, especially in large public buildings, and where quite often there was asbestos thermal insulation systems on the planet," he says.
People who have been exposed to asbestos in these buildings, now succumb to the disease.
Thus, mesothelioma now affects more young people, atypical professions.
The most dangerous isolated the asbestos pipes in hospitals were in basements, so it is unlikely that affected patients.
But many employees who were on pedestrian tunnels connecting nearby landmasses can bring together to get from one building to another (as Andrew Lawson), or eat in the basement canteens (how often did Graham cost) almost certainly really were exposed to toxic substances.
For several decades after the war, as it turns out, the hospital was a place where, in theory, pulled the life for поциентов, but a place, which constituted a threat to life for doctors who treated them.
It still continues to resonate today.
Students set their burners Бунзена on 3rd Son
And it's not just hospitals.
Asbestos was often used in offices, shops, libraries and мэриях because of his amazing insulating and огнестойких characteristics.
Schools too.
Strictly speaking, many are likely to have been exposed to asbestos in the classroom for the first time.
Nationwide, on countless chemistry lessons, students set their burners Бунзена 3rd on tap.
Websites have appeared, highlighting the problem of asbestos in schools.
Meanwhile, in our homes, such harmless things as floor tiles or roof сараев typically contained asbestos.
"It's an industrial poison, in a huge number of our buildings," notes Andrew Morgan, a lawyer who represented Andrew Lawson's case against the hospital in Guy.
In one case, the only contact that she could remember the woman who was the demolition of a garden shed in the 1970s.
So be careful, снося garden sheds.
The effect of the diagnosis, when we know that the disease is incurable, is huge.
"To realize it, is quite a lot of time," says Graham cost.
I went back to work and tried to continue, but I realised that I couldn't focus on what I'm doing.
I spent two weeks in surgery.
Then I realized that I had to go and deal with them.
Well, I could no longer meet Christmas
One of the most difficult things was the transition from doctor to patient.
As countless patients before him, he remembers, was confused with information that should have been taken.
"It has been difficult for everyone to understand," he says.
"I asked his doctor" how many I have time? "
Gave me about 12 months.
I remember, as I thought, "Well, I'm not a Christmas.
That's all. "
Mesothelioma is particularly dangerous, as it is the mechanics of how we support life, "is the act of breathing -- causes cancer, which kills.
Most cases are caused by мезотелиомы contact with asbestos.
Composed of tiny asbestos fibers.
When asbestos is being destroyed and the carcinogenic fibers, they can get stuck in the lungs, плевре shell.
Irritating плевру asbestos fibers and may cause cell mutations.
"The problem is due to the inhalation of asbestos fibres needle," Professor Tom Трежер, кардиоторакальный surgeon, who came to the hospital in 2001, Guy.
It is the same hospital where Andrew Lawson, as suspected, he was exposed to asbestos, now, ironically, a leading center in the treatment of мезотелиомы.
Трежер knew Lawson's and treated some of the others who, perhaps, was exposed to while in the hospital.
When иголочки asbestos into the lung tissue, "says Трежер breathing them unload on the periphery, where the shell.
It is, in its essence, think the process from the outset.
Conventional treatments of other forms of cancer is much less effective in Kolya.
The effectiveness of surgical intervention, for example, cause hot debate.
Some think it's worth a try.
Трежер disagrees.
"You can't cut плевру," he says.
No good around her with a knife.
Meanwhile, the cancer is "not very well to chemotherapy," which "acts", but not people.
"From time to time there are patients who live a long time," says Трежер.
But ultimately, they all die.
Fortunately, some patients are living much, much longer than expected.
Writer Stephen Jay Gould died 20 years after he was diagnosed.
Two and a half years after diagnosis, Graham cost continues to fight.
After he became ill from mesothelioma, Andrew Лоусоном on Dubai, which, four years after the diagnosis, single-handedly turned into office support and consultation for these same patients.
"Yes, Раковая Central," he said cheerfully, as they are called.
"He was very positive," says cost.
He was diagnosed with four years ago, and he still is very energetic.
First Эбботту offered six cycles of chemotherapy, which would take four months and had prolonged his life only a month.
"I was in despair," he says.
I wanted to give up.
Lawson, however, "managed to somewhat more positive agenda."
Meeting with several specialists, decided to continue the treatment cost with Professor Лоиком Ланж-Лаздунски торакальной, professor of surgery at Guy's Hospital.
"We had an advantage in that I don't need it, I just called them and they took me," admits Graham.
Consultants to the patient would have to get the direction and approval for funding.
Money plays a decisive role for patients with mesothelioma, in order to get the best available treatments.
But when such treatments become ineffective, finally, inevitably, many patients are facing another financial reason for concern "about the future of the families that they would leave.
And then they ask the courts for compensation.
Andrew Lawson contacted Andrew Morgan, of Field Fisher Price Waterhouse LLP.
"It has been known that asbestos is harmful to health, in 1898," said Morgan.
But that changed in the 1960s, is that it became clear that even very small quantities can put their health at risk.
It was then spoke about the bad faith of companies.
Andrew Lawson, and Guy's Hospital, ultimately, resolve the matter, but this was not a "settlement at full price," according to Morgan, as Lawson could not clearly prove that his mesothelioma was a result of exposure to asbestos at Guy's Hospital.
After the investigation into his death, hospital spokesman Guy finally confirmed, however, that "asbestos in its basement, mentioned above, was removed in the 1990s."
It was too late for Andrew Lawson's.
How to remove asbestos
In fact, tie deadly contact with asbestos to one company or place of work - usually through dozens of years after that, it turned out to be a big problem for patients with mesothelioma, demanding compensation.
Many of their former employers have changed owner or shut down.
Insurance archives could be lost.
And those who have protected from lawsuits, knows that time is on their side, plaintiffs have, of course, no.
In response, earlier this year took a serious new legislative acts which facilitate patients with mesothelioma compensation recovery process, even if it is impossible to track down their former employers.
In accordance with this law, was created by £350-миллионный fund of funds, which is financed by the insurance industry, for those who had been diagnosed after July 2012 and who can prove the contact, but not anyone with whom to sue.
In such cases, patients will receive 80 per cent of the amount that the court could award in a case about the compensation of about £pirates.
About 300 successful claims under this scheme is expected to be every year.
Andrew Morgan, like many who work with patients with mesothelioma, believes that the £350 million represent a "very good job" for the insurance industry.
"This transaction, which insured for insurers," he says, hinting that the sum is a quarter of that, insurers would have to pay if it had not intervened time and patients with mesothelioma would be able to trace the company and file a lawsuit in the usual way.
Even Mike Пеннинг, previously minister for work and pensions, acknowledged that the law "imperfect."
But Пеннинг, and Morgan acknowledged that, in view of the fact that seven people die every day, rapid action was needed.
"People suffer so much, and they need help now," said Пеннинг during the second reading of the Bill about Kolya in December last year.
By the time Graham cost was in the hands of Professor Лоика Ланж-Лаздунски 19 months.
After the initial consultation Ланж-Лаздунски recommended surgery, which, unlike Tom Трежера, he believes to be effective.
This was followed by radiation and chemotherapy -- in which тритерапия Ланж-Лаздунски boasts pristine 40 percent of patients surviving for five years.
Cost felt a surge of strength.
"This is, of course, one of the most important things," says cost.
You see these patients all the time.
There is a force that supports you.
When сдаешься, condition can deteriorate very quickly.
Graham lay down on the cost of the operation in March 2012.
By the end of August he finished last of six cycles of chemotherapy.
Subsequent scans showed no trace of disease.
Then I did a scan in March [2014].
There were a few spots [cancer] in my chest.
I just should have been within reach 50.
This is not a threat to life.
This is the end of life.
And again the cost went through six cycles of chemotherapy.
Now there is no trace of cancer.
However, this process is both physically and emotionally heavy.
You can think about practical things - about finances, and when I die, for example, or about the fact that we need to show his wife, as well as works on a timer бойлере.
When you get bad news, you become безрадостным.
We need to look forward.
As the father of Ellie, 16, and 14 years old, it Тэмзин is not always easy.
"It's hard for the parent," he says.
It's hard to understand what to say and how much to say.
For the first time when I was diagnosed, I told the girls that I had the disease, which means that I won ’ t live to old age.
They reacted very differently.
Тэмзин very social and energetic.
She said all of her friends, and we received many very quickly.
Ellie was more demure.
She didn't say much.
Such talk is something that has to have all patients with cancer.
But for patients with mesothelioma such discussion, even проблеском people hope to survive.
This disease of sex is (even as, ultimately, for Steven Jay Гулда) grim certainty.
As Andrew Morgan, said: "Mesothelioma does not constitute a threat to life.
I pharaohs набальзамированных 3rd in body tissue.
Asbestos fibers are used to strengthen and improve теплостойкости including pots.
Pliny Senior describes asbestos.
Now invented the canvas, which is enkindled.
I have seen from him in a stupor, napkins каминах feast
Modern commercial use of asbestos begins in Italy, where it is used to make paper (even banknotes) and tissues.
3rd major mines in Canada and South Africa, and soon after, in America, Italy and Russia.
It's the perfect теплоизолятор steam engines and turbines for the Industrial Revolution.
Global production of asbestos grows to more than 30,000 tonnes a year.
Statistics from Prudential reveal untimely deaths among those who work with asbestos and which therefore denied life insurance.
Nellie Kershaw dies in Рочдейле.
Dr. William Cook shows that particles of asbestos in her lungs "were, without doubt, the main cause of death."
This is the first case of this type.
Employers, Kershaw that Bros. Asbestos Death, do not admit liability.
Compensation is not paid.
During the Second World War intensively developed shipbuilding, one of the most deadly occupations in terms of exposure to asbestos.
Voluntary industrial ban on the import of blue asbestos
The Court of Appeal confirms the first successful action for damages as a result of injury caused by exposure to asbestos in Britain.
Global production of asbestos grows more than 4213000 tonnes a year.
Britain imports 139,000 tonnes.
The Executive Committee on matters of health and safety in the UK requires all contractors working with asbestos, received a license.
The import and use of blue and brown asbestos are forbidden by law in the UK.
It banned the use of asbestos in Britain.
The act of Kolya adopted in the UK.
Scheme of compensation in the amount of £350 million declared.
Asbestos is banned in more than 50 countries, but white asbestos still used in cheap construction materials in many parts of the world.
Global production is approximately at the level of 2 million tonnes a year.
China refuses to give Hong Kong the right to choose leaders, protesters promise revenge
China's parliament decided Sunday to not allow Hong Kong voters to nominate candidates for the 2017 elections, despite the growing demands for democratic reforms.
Such a move would likely mark the beginning of long ago promised protests in Hong Kong as activists have begun planning and mobilization in a matter of hours after that statement.
The decision of the 11th National People's Congress, in fact, communist leaders to remove all the candidates who are not loyal to Beijing.
"It's not обмануло our expectations, but still leads in rage," said lawmaker Emily Лау, chairman of the Democratic Party.
This is not something that Beijing has promised.
They lied to people in Hong Kong.
And it is clear that we are dealing with an authoritarian regime.
Defending the decision of China, Li Fey, Deputy General Secretary of the Standing Committee of the 11th National People's Congress, said that to allow public nomination for elections of Hong Kong would be too "erratic behavior."
Since 1997, when Britain handed control of Hong Kong back to China, Beijing promised to allow residents of the region to choose the head of government by voting, starting in 2017.
On Sunday, Chinese leaders have taken the decision as a democratic step forward, since it gives a direct vote гонконгцам right; however, the decision also makes clear that Chinese leaders will continue to hold the process in his hands with the aid of the Commission on the Nomination, rigidly controlled from Beijing.
And, according to a new article that only candidates who "love the country and love Hong Kong" will be admitted.
The decision was taken after the summer, when there have been some of the most large-scale and received wide coverage of protests in Hong Kong for many years.
For a large part of the campaign after Occupy Central movement in Hong Kong is With Love and Peace, which threatened to cut off the financial district in Hong Kong if Beijing does not guarantee real universal suffrage.
Sunday night, a few hours after the announcement, hundreds of supporters of the Occupy Central gathered in the rain to Hong Kong government headquarters.
The demonstration, which organisers claimed that their movement is shifting to a new phase of civil disobedience and that they rise up on the waves of protest in the next few weeks.
Nevertheless, they have not reported the details, obviously, to avoid problems with government bodies.
In онлайн-заявлении organizers reported that the movement "обдумывало any takeover of the central district only as an exceptional measure, action that can be taken only if all the possibilities of dialogue have been exhausted and there is no other choice.
We regret to inform you that today, all possibilities have been exhausted and the dialogue will certainly capture the central district.
Authorities in Hong Kong were preparing to Beijing a few days, and on Sunday at the headquarters of the government had strengthened security measures involving police and barricades.
The unrest is a sense among many in Hong Kong that they slowly lose control over their own city.
An influx of residents from mainland increases competition in the field of goods and services.
Also intensifies the fear that Hong Kong's values, such as democracy and freedom of speech, and begin to weaken under increasing pressure from Beijing.
Some have criticized the Occupy Central movement, saying that his demonstration to jeopardize the business is the source of life force in Hong Kong.
"The protest, which they say it could cause great economic damage, depending on how many people would take part or how long," said lawmaker Regina Yip, who has long been critical of the movement.
We don't want to spread concern about the fact that Hong Kong can spin out of control.
This view, which is harmful for investment.
Chinese state media also gave reports in recent days, in which Hong Kong activists of the democratic movement, were shown диверсантами направляемыми Western powers.
This summer, activists organized an unofficial referendum on electoral law, which drew tripped participants - more than one-fifth of voters in Hong Kong.
And in July, tens of thousands took to one of the largest pro-democracy demonstrations in the history of the region.
American culture Noxwin comes to university life: Первокурсникам offered arriving on personal plane
We are pleased to respond to such demand, since launching the first UK travel service categories "suite" for current students.
To leave the bright impression from his arrival at the University, the company also offers options such as transport, private jet, Aston Martin or Rolls-Royce Phantom, a McLaren P1.
Mr Stewart also said that service thought about security.
This service is a perfect alternative for students, who typically have to carry their belongings across the country in dangerously strained machine.
This, combined with our new options for Vif, we look forward to, as well as help students get to university this year, with minimum effort and maximum luxury.
A company representative said that, since the service has just launched, orders have not received, but added that "the students begin to order this service in the next few weeks."
The company also said that, despite the fact that students should need to pay £9,000 a year, she still hopes to find a market for this service.
The current students are quite different from those students 10, 20, 30 or 40 years ago in terms of expectations and hopes: More important than ever to make a great first impression, and Vif - exactly what we need to do this.
Nevertheless, the National Union of Students criticized this service as their strength as an organiser comes from reality.
Megan Dunn, vice president of the NSS on Higher Education, said: "This project is incredibly taken away from a life of the majority of students.
Many students, who this month will begin his studies at the university, faced with the cost of living crisis, when available financial support in the form of loans and grants fails to keep pace with rapidly rising costs for basic needs before they can even begin to think about how to take thousands of pounds on something like a simple arrival at a dormitory.
Feminists are raising questions of racial identity and behavior of police after Ferguson
Unarmed teenager was killed by a police officer in Фергюсоне, Missouri, earlier this month.
Coming raise their hands, chanting: "Hands up, don't ice" while they wait in line in front of the burial.
After two weeks of protests in Missouri, Фергюсоне, associated with the murder of teenager Michael Brown, blogger безоружного Miriam зоила Perez noticed a shift in интернет-разговоре among white feminists.
In her experience, the white feminists, leave comments put gender above race, when it comes to the promotion of reproductive rights and income inequality.
However, as tensions rose in the Midwest and attracted national attention, Peres saw the white women who is 100 percent focused on the race.
Compared with the reaction of black women shortly after the killing on 9 August, personal essays with such titles as "thoughts about Фергюсоне on behalf of a white woman" and "Феминизм is not only about the example of women" came relatively late.
But for Perez, they demonstrated a significant shift.
"In feminism, I don't think there are many people who are talking about white skin and Privileges on such a high level," she said.
People feel the need to say something about what has happened.
It's very symbolic for the crisis with which we are faced, and because of the situation in Фергюсоне) is so tied to race, they feel that it is necessary to specify.
For a professor of English at the University of Ohio Кориты Mitchell Ferguson has laid bare problems that blacks face every day, but one which is not perceived as a "women's problems" in the cultural sphere.
"I can write something funny on Facebook about what was going on with me and my partner and get 150 лайков from everywhere," says Mitchell.
When I write something about how colored people are attacked in his own country, silence clearly.
"Why do women safely publicly talk about relationships, but about security in the public sector?" She asks.
For black women, like Mitchell, who studied the issues of race, gender and sexuality in the history of the United States, there is no dichotomy between matters relating to race and gender.
From her point of view, blacks, women are clearly in a position to share these problems; they are faced with a complex reality every day.
While white women now bring together issues of race and gender in feminist мейнстриме, Энджела Хэттери, professor of women's and gender studies at George Mason University, says that its predecessor did the opposite.
"Between 1865 and 1890 years линчевали at least 10,000 black men, and the reason that is almost always served as the rape of white women," said Хэттери.
Need a white woman, was a story to justify Nepal.
From the point of view of Хэттери, the gap between white and black women occurred when white you have, for example, Susan B. Anthony looked at the situation in the late 1800s, and saw that the fight for suffrage will be effective only for one of the groups: Women or blacks.
"They decided to put all its eggs in the basket of voting rights for women, and the right to vote for blacks would appear later," said Хэттери.
Look back on things like this gives us a clear idea of why colored women don't trust white women.
We have not done anything good.
We've never helped black women to protect their husbands and sons.
Even after women won the right to vote in 1920, it took ten years to ensure that the white women united against mob lynchings in the South during the Women's Association to prevent mob lynchings.
This group appeared nearly 40 years after the first was asked to help blacks, women, "said Mitchell.
From the point of view of Mitchell, the reactions of white feminists on the issues raised in the Фергюсоне situation, "the conduct of the police, racial discrimination - reflects a time when white a feminist had to" catch up "problems with which Blacks women cope in several generations.
"However, it would be fine, if female, which have such a [traditional] феминистическая ideology, so seriously would be to raise a child, how they relate to the right to contraception?" Asked Mitchell.
The second wave feminists who have made careers in the fight for reproductive rights and access to контрацептивам, now are beginning to understand what that means.
Known white activist Gloria Стайнем феминистического movement two weeks after the killing of Michael Brown took Фейсбуком and published a sharp колумнистки Rebecca Carroll, Guardian article which claimed that white Americans were more participation in protests on issues of racism.
"I hope that women who have another, but to understand the reason behind the split in the body - and the point of view of the racial problems that are substantially different in surveys of the public - will be at the head of the change," wrote Стайнем.
Although Стайнем she vouched for more пересекающийся feminism, which includes and issues of race and gender, her comments about race in America still are surprised by some.
Researcher Christina Соммерс American entrepreneurial institute, and the author of "Who stole feminism?," she said She The People, that young men of color in the United States, especially to young people, "is much more vulnerable than their sisters', but on the contrary Фергюсоне Стайнем negative criticism, which she previously clear.
We now have hundreds of special programmes for girls and young women, but almost nothing for the boys.
But when the White House has recently initiated a programme, "Сторож my brother" to help the vulnerable black and young men, followed the US changed remarkably испаноговорящим reaction from many feminists, including those from Gloria Стайнем.
Police relationship with the black community is not the only problem, продвигающая helm of traditional feminism.
After the U.S. Border Guard Service arrested around 63000 unaccompanied minors at the southwestern edge of the country this year, immigration reform again came to the surface - this time as a problem with women.
Andrea China, co-chair of the organization that mobilizes women in support of immigration reform, said that in order to make this issue as important for women, she had only to share stories immigrant women.
"They speak for themselves," said China.
When the vast majority of the workers' visas are issued [иммигрантам-мужчинам], women who come with them, find themselves in positions vulnerable to domestic violence and exploitation.
"These stories will resonate with women's organizations," she said.
Ипсвичский house "with a" complete "
The home, on sale, rental real estate agents has been removed when it turned out that it depicted a large pig, отдыхающая in the living room.
For sale for £pirates, a separate one-bedroom house is on a private road in Ипсвиче.
A detailed description of the different living at home - in which the photograph was depicted pig with head, stationary on the couch.
Connells estate agency reported that pig in the picture is a darling of the owner of the home.
"However, the photo was posted in error and has been removed," said a company spokesman.
A detailed description of the home, described the Connells, a former house of assembly as "a separate house, with one bedroom."
Despite the fact that the agency deleted a photo from his web site, it still persists in promotional materials.
The sale of the house has attracted interest in social networks, where some questioned whether the pig, sold along with the house.
Russian tennis player Maria Sharapova, in the fourth round US Open match уступившая Carolyn Возняцки, believes that she lacks stability.
According to the athlete, she wants to finish the year with dignity and try to go to a new level, reports from New York Vasily ОСИПОВ.
In general, how do you evaluate their results on Rafael NADAL tournaments this year?
Of course, I am happy that I managed to win the Roland Гаррос. ""
As for the other three tournaments, I didn't have enough stability, especially in концовках some matches.
Now of course, I was upset.
It failed to reach even the quarterfinals.
What task put in front of him until the end of the season?
After обидного defeat I have a huge motivation to go to a new level.
I have a lot to work on, and I'm going to do everything possible to properly complete a year.
A series of Asian tournaments starts in a couple of weeks.
A member of the committee of the State Duma's Physical Culture, Sport and Youth, former world champion Nikolai Валуев proposed for the implementation of the Technical Review Panel to give bonuses when applying to universities.
He said that in general regulations will be the same as in Soviet times, "people will rent regulations on tightening, running and other exercises.
The 12 subjects begin to implement from 1 September in its territory provisions of the Technical Review Panel.
I also offered students who passed the Technical Review Panel, giving bonuses in the universities, "said Валуев.
For example, they can be a little bit to add points to SSE.
There are also proposals to give extra holiday workers in companies that have these sporting tests.
In the city of Harvey has a new millionaire in South Wales after winning the lottery
Lottery player of Harvey this month.
Looking for a new millionaire in the southwest of Perth, where one lucky to take home almost $1.1 million with drawing lottery on Saturday evening.
Newsagent's shop in Harvey brings gold to draw the main prize for the second time in five years, last winning $1 million in November 2009.
However lucky gambler winner still needs to make itself heard.
The owner of the shop, said Steve Forward prize caused commotion in a small town southwest of Perth.
The city says about it, and everyone is very excited.
We thought that such gains could be secret.
The eight winners from Western Australia celebrated winning the main prize last month, noting the completion of several successful weeks for players.
Last week, the player from Кэннинг Weil became one of five millionaires in August, following a huge $7,5-миллионным winning ticket a couple of Белмонта in just a few weeks before that.
Winning a couple of plays for twenty years, and that win gave them the opportunity to travel the world and buy a new house.
A millionaire from Harvey pushes the number of winners of the main prize in Western Australia to 59 this year, with a total gain of $85 million.
Ministry wants to accelerate the growth of the market for electric cars
This week the government would contribute Economic Development of a comprehensive development plan for clean vehicles in Russia, told the deputy director of the ministry, Oleg Плужников round table that held the Vedomosti on Moscow Carlisle - 2014.
The plan is drawn up on behalf of the government, one of the main goals is to reduce emissions of greenhouse gases.
It is expected that the document will be passed in late September and early October, says Плужников, proposed measures concern the development of electric cars and hybrids - vehicles газомоторном plan to fuel in Russia already have.
(A copy of the plan obtained by Vedomosti) is designed for 2014-2017.
Yet to develop assessment criteria for electricity and hybrid vehicles and decide how to promote the use and production of environmentally friendly vehicles.
The government report, which will be described in the tax and customs measures to support quality, will be prepared by December 2014; concessional lending scheme and a preferential leasing will appear by April 2015; and the proposal to reduce prices, stimulate creation and localization service infrastructure will be developed by October 2015
In 2014-2015, is expected to amend the regulations to ease conditions for building infrastructure charge for parking, petrol stations etc.).
In addition, federal officials plan for 2015 to formulate proposals for regional authorities, as well as to promote the use of clean transport - in the form of granting him benefits when driving and parking, for example; and at the end of February 2016 - and proposals on the expansion of the government purchases of such transport.
Finally, the Ministry of Economic Development by October 2014 will already have a list of indicators to assess the activities of the regional authorities of criteria that reflect the effectiveness of the support for the production of clean transport, the development of the infrastructure charge.
The market in electric cars in Russia, while only formed in 2013 across the country sold around 100 electric cars.
In early 2014 обнулена an import duty on electric cars, so sales will be approximately 500 pieces, predicts Chief Executive Director of Mitsubishi Motors in Russia, Andrey for 25 years.
But пятикратный growth does not make any noticeable: Electric cars in Russia in 2013, according to the Association of European Businesses, sold 2,78 million passenger cars and light commercial vehicles.
Sunderland still in Russia imports only Mitsubishi Motors.
Start import preparing Renault - the company focuses primarily on corporate clients, says director for strategic planning and partnerships in Russia Renault Nicolas Ремиз.
Most of the other manufacturers' electric vehicles took in relation to Russia is taking a wait-and-see approach.
Development of electric cars and Russian manufacturers GAZ CEO, "", "," but the trivial.
For example, in January - July 2014, according to the "АСМ-холдинга," Avtovaz has issued 30 electric cars.
Due to the modest demand for U.S. products, "admits director of AvtoVAZ engineering Sergei Аманов, without state support will not be a breakthrough in this segment.
Development of the Russian market in addition to the new electric cars (those electric cars that are sold in Russia, on average twice as expensive counterparts with internal combustion engines) holds an underdeveloped infrastructure charge (Economics - units), "sighs CEO Sergei Автостата Целиков.
Because of the soaring prices and low rates of decline in the cost of electric cars in the next 3-4 years remain нишевым segment of the Russian market, "predicts editor-in-chief Mikhail Авторевю Подорожанский Целиков, agrees with him.
Manufacturers, by contrast, say that some models of electric cars are already close to normal.
The Russian market is substantially good prospects, the important thing is to instill confidence in consumers that "real" электромобильность; this, in particular, will contribute to the emergence of the new charging stations, underscores the president Wolfgang Шлимме BMW Group in Russia.
Such infrastructure projects, for example, is implementing the "Россети:" In Moscow, several stations, soon there will be more about 80.
Talks on the construction of a network of Economics and negotiations with other regions.
According to the director of the department "Россетей" Vladimir Софьина, the company believes the market is ready to build electric and gas stations across the country, but there are problems: A small number of electric cars in the country and the lack of a single standard for charging different brands.
In addition, "Россети" as network the company does not have the right to engage in the sale of electricity, being able to do this in relation to charging.
His wife believes the most effective measure in support of Russia's market substantially progeSOFT customs duties.
Zero rate will act before the end of 2014, its renewals, extensions of preferential list.
The replacement vehicle tax on ecological (the idea is being discussed and concerns all machines), too, will support the market, but not as noticeably as customs preferences, his wife said.
Tax in Russia is small, said Pankov, unlike, for example, from Norway, where the reduced tax rate led to a sharp rise in sales of electric cars -- now they account for 12% of the market.
In Russia, and the need for stimulus measures, such as free parking in the centre of town (as it has done in Moscow), I am sure Pankov, or any movement of dedicated lanes for electric cars, which are not yet in Russia.
A private plane crashed in Colorado
Одномоторный Piper PA-46 plane crashed in the U.S. state of Colorado.
Three of the five people who are in it, were killed, reports ITAR-TASS.
The survivors were taken to hospital.
The accident occurred a few miles from the Denver airport runway.
Now, are the causes of the tragedy.
In Donetsk region dismantled with captive militants battalion "Donbass."
Under Иловайском карателей growled.
They were devoted to their own commanders, and dozens of law-enforcement officers were killed under fire.
Those who survived say that if they knew what actually is the situation in the southeast of Ukraine, the fight never would have gone to.
108 prisoners can be called счастливчиками.
Каратели from battalion "Donbass" remained alive after the "slaughter", in which they found themselves under Иловайском.
Surrounded by the army of the Donetsk People's Republic fighters spent several days, virtually abandoned by their commanders and authorities of Ukraine.
When the staff was told of "rings" that can go on psychoactive allegedly rushed down the column.
But literally, within a couple of minutes from all sides засвистели shells and bullets.
"Judging from the information that I was given, there was a corridor, we were allowed to go," said acting deputy commander of the battalion, "Lermontov."
And when we walked in and out between Многопольем Червоносельским низину began cross-examination of fire with anti-tank guided missiles, grenade launchers, "with" зушек 30-милиметровых MDB, automatic cannon and small arms.
I had four cars ahead and behind, three cars at the end of the day, there are only two.
The officer with позывным "Lermontov: Almost immediately," said no less than 60 people were killed, dozens were wounded and many dead already then.
The surviving fighters now provide medical assistance to those whom they came to kill.
Now, prisoners are surprised that so-called "terrorists" treated well, given food and medical supplies.
At the same time as, in fact, lied to their own commanders and condemnation from certain death.
Just betrayed us, "they say.
The convoy, the entire battalion to her destroyed.
In the battalion "Donbass", like so many of his comrades, enrolled as a volunteer, told the Ukrainian news reports about atrocities which purported to be repaired in the south-east "separatists."
Here, Alexei saw quite a different picture.
His mother is killed in Luhansk and not someone else, and the Ukrainian military.
A friend phoned me and said that a mortar shelling, it is likely that the Ukrainian armed forces, "said one of the soldiers, Alexei.
After that I wanted to leave the battalion.
We didn't make the Иловайска, told me that we were in the ring.
I've already arranged with the commander, the report has already been written about him.
Us charges with Зурахово Иловайск taken in immediately.
According to prisoners in the "boiler" under Иловайском stuck withstands more than 300 people.
Now some survivors admit that if we could turn back the time, карательный battalion that wouldn't take effect.
All the prisoners were handed over to the militias to mass ДНР.
Each check for involvement in war crimes.
The region is the headquarters of the limits on the prices of products
In the Krasnoyarsk region set up headquarters, which would limit the growth of prices for the product on the market in the region.
A decree creating this structure has already signed.
The composition of the staff were members of the government, the representatives of the executive and supervisory agencies.
Together they will monitor the prices of agricultural products in the region.
The economy — will behave if Kiev Rosneft's $140 million of losses?
The head of Rosneft, Igor Sechin, said that the company assesses damage from bombardment Лисичанского refinery in Ukraine for $140 million.
This is what he said in an interview with Spiegel.
"We estimate the damage at $140 million and will hold talks with the Ukrainian government on payment of compensation," Sechin said.
According to him, the commissioning company Лисичанский modernized refineries planned in 2014
However, a portion of the factory was destroyed by Ukrainian artillery.
"There was no fighting, no" окопавшихся rebels ", but the Ukrainian artillery destroyed part of an industrial facility.
In addition, gone technological oil закачанная in pipes, "he said.
Recall, on July 18, in connection with the fire Лисичанского tank to store oil refinery burned down and destroyed two buildings and warehouses.
Лисичанский refinery - the refinery in Ukraine, the first turn, put into operation in October 1976
Лисичанского refineries with a total capacity of approximately 7 million tons of crude oil per year.
The plant is capable of producing the fuel standard "Евро-4", as well as the party of diesel fuel standard "RANGE."
In March 2012, oil supplies to refineries Лисичанский were suspended in connection with his убыточностью.
The company, it was decided to begin repairs.
A year later, Rosneft has received Лисичанский refinery along with other Ukrainian assets of TNK-BP.
North Korea's launch of short-range projectile produced toward the Sea of Japan.
According to South Korean media, it happened about 10: 30 a.m. local time from the province, which is located on the border of Чагандо North Korea and China.
As told Interfax in the Joint Committee of the chiefs of staff of South Korea, presumably, the missile fell into the Sea of Japan after both fell about 220 kilometres.
The ruble falls against the backdrop of geopolitical pressures
The dollar rose at the opening of the Moscow stock exchange on 3 kopeck until 37,15 rubles, the rouble fell to бивалютной basket against the backdrop of geopolitical tensions.
The dollar trading at UTS started transactions within 37,11-37,2 RUR / $1, on average, over the course of two minutes on level 37,16 roubles / $1, is on 4 kopecks higher than the previous closing.
The euro stood at 48,79 rubles per 1 euro, that is on 3 kopecks higher than the previous closing.
She added 3.5 kopecks бивалютной basket price was $42,395
The U.S. dollar is traded at 23 kopecks higher than the official rate, the euro - at 16 kopecks higher than the official rate.
The Russian market on Friday, August 29, continued its rapid decline, but there was no panic this time.
Went on to become cheaper and the ruble and even updated historic low against the dollar.
Now investors are already отыгрывают worsening geopolitical environment and the possible new sanctions against Russia.
But this is more like the artificial hysterics, you via the media, especially the Western.
Options of the introduction of new sanctions to Russia not so many.
TeleTrade "At the opening of the Moscow stock exchange continued the sharp weakening of the rouble against бивалютной baskets.
Geopolitical background remains a defining factor.
However, if in the near future, we're not going to see a new negatives, and Russian indices, and the positions of the national currency can скорректироваться.
"Оренбургские Airlines will plead with" Идеал-туром "
"Оренбургские airlines" presented "Идеал-туру" claims for a total of 4.7 billion rubles.
It is about two things, the meetings will take place in October.
Will things be different judges.
According to Interfax, the first lawsuit was filed on August 14.
His sum of slightly more than 425 million rubles.
The meeting scheduled for October 7.
The second statement was submitted on 18 August.
His amount of one billion rubles.
The meeting scheduled for 2 October.
As told reporters in the Russian Union of Winter Games, judges appointed by different.
In July, the media about the "debt" before "Оренбургскими Идеал-тура авилиниями" in the amount of $1.5 billion rubles.
The airline's CEO Victor Зюкин speaks of a total of 1.6 billion rubles.
Aeroflot CEO Vitaly Saveliev calls an even greater sum - two billion rubles.
Twitter tried to become more interesting for new users
Service Sitnov Twitter changed the registration process for new users to quickly engage in active cooperation with the platform.
This measure would reduce the number of its microblogs забросивших people.
Now new Twitter users will see during the registration of a large number of рекоммендованных service accounts, to immediately make their circle of reading.
The recommendations are based on the registration of interests.
At the same time, Twitter automatically sets tick on subscriptions for all automatically selected accounts.
Because of this, the user will have to physically remove ticks, not to read those, who are not interested in him.
Users of the service previously seen only аватарки Sitnov recommended users, Twitter now displays a sample of one popular Tweets from 1979 to help create the impression of a man.
This is the largest change in registration page Twitter over the past three years.
Lately Twitter has been actively working on refurbishment service.
Such activity is, first and foremost, with ongoing attempts to service to reach breakeven point.
In 2014 the service Sitnov faced a slowdown of growth in the user base and activity falling readership.
The company currently desperately in need of more loyal consumer resource, which, again, would remain for a long time.
This is the only way to ensure a steady stream of advertising money.
Day knowledge in Moscow will be зябким and rainy
The first of September, in the Moscow region throughout the day will be a cool and rainy, according to meteorologists.
Temperatures in Moscow will be between 16 and 18 degrees, in Moscow - the hotel degrees.
The weather will be clearings in the cloud rains, wind the eastern quarter of it will be quite weak - a total of 3-8 meters per second.
The recycling of cars was revived on 1 September
On September 1, Russia resumed action programme for recycling vehicles.
Until 31 December 2014 for this purpose will be allocated $10 billion rubles.
As he explained the reasons of the Russian Federation, "Denis Мантуров money allocated from the limits that have already notified to the Ministry of Industry and Trade of the Russian Federation by redistribution from other areas of support.
The program will include all vehicles older than six years.
The amount of compensation from $40,000 per car to 350 thousand rubles for cargo.
Earlier, Russia already had a similar program for recycling vehicles.
The main difference of the current project, the minister said, in what is now not only recycling machines to obtain further discounts, but if the car had reached age more than six years, to buy the new discounted the old "трейд-ин" dealer, reports Interfax.
The previous federal program to recycle, действовавшую from 1 January 2010 to 31 December 2011, has spent over $16 billion rubles.
Thanks to her, the level of production of cars in 2010 amounted to approximately 1.2 million units (plus 101.4% compared to 2009).
The creator of the Headlight Out Simulator will release a game about modern journalism
Nikki геймдизайнер Case, known for playing Headlight Out Simulator decided to release a game about modern journalism.
He told me about his project in an interview with Kill Screen.
Briefcase began work on the game a few weeks ago, however, known that fact got just now.
Source of inspiration for the games have become events in Фергюсоне, where right now are the protests, which began after police killed безоружного black teens.
The focus of the project, which still has no name, is how the stories affect their consequences.
Hero of the game, civilian journalist, will need to take photos of what is happening in areas where there are skirmishes between police and communities.
The hero can photograph what was happening in different ways that will affect the course of events.
If she will take the stage, so that the police will look like heroes, bandits and protesters, the police will be better for him and Andy go where ordinary people can't go.
If he will cover events differently, his photographs may turn peaceful protests into a large-scale revolt.
Points in the game will need to recruit using твиттера Hero, which will appear in new subscribers, if photos posted there will prove popular.
The game still doesn't have a name.
Date of release and the platform on which it appears, are unknown.
Briefcase, however, has published an image showing how the event could change depending on how things are done and handled a photograph of him.
In an interview with Kill Screen Case explained that he toyed with the concept of this game quite a long time ago, but initially wanted to devote her not protests in the United States, and the events in Gaza.
After he started to collect material for a game, геймдизайнер realised that he lacks the knowledge and skills to illuminate the history of the region.
But when he saw how the media covered the events in Фергюсоне, he decided to make a game based on what happened.
Nikki Case is an independent developer, which releases go.
The most famous of his project became Headlight Out Simulator, released in 2014.
This game, in which he describes the events of biography itself Case, is devoted to how бисексуальный teenager tries to tell you about their relationships homophobic parents.
Гелетей draws continued bloodshed in Ukraine
A call to prepare for another "tens of thousands" of victims, Ukrainian Defence Minister Valery Гелетей draws people in to prevent the continuation of the conflict, according to the Russian Foreign Ministry.
"In Moscow, of course, drew attention to statements made by the heads of the Ukrainian military," declared Valery Гелетея completion operations to liberate East Ukraine from terrorists "and the beginning of" the Great Patriotic War, "which will be calculated" losses in the tens of thousands. "
The head of the Ukrainian military, опубликовавшего memorable days on his page on the post, is a subject for research professionals is not in the military sphere, "the report said Russian diplomats.
They could barely believe that such statements could belong to the Minister for Defence of civilized state.
On his page on memorable days Ukrainian Defence Minister wrote on Monday: "According to unofficial channels, the Russian side has several times threatened that, in the event of continued resistance they are willing to use tactical nuclear weapons against us."
At the same time, he said that "the operation to liberate the east of Ukraine" has been completed.
Perez Hilton removed all intimate photos of stars and apologized
Today, more than 60 of the Hollywood stars.
Hackers broke into the iCloud passwords of primitive (the data) in smartphones, after which their intimate images that appeared on the site of Perez Hilton.
But not for long.
Recall, spokesman for "games" stars Jennifer Lawrence Голодных already reported stolen photos from her мобильника, and also confirmed that all the shots, "shine" on the internet are genuine.
Perez Hilton is the creator of the homonymous сайта-таблоида apologized, actress Jennifer Lawrence and her colleagues for the publication of their revealing images, writes The Independent.
No, nobody forced me to do it.
With me not connected to their agents.
And now I delete explicit photos of Jennifer Lawrence and Victoria Justice, "wrote блогер on Twitter.
But all the frank photographs of stars have already gone on the Net.
David Beckham was involved in an accident, hiding from the paparazzi
David Beckham was involved in an accident on a motorcycle to escape the paparazzi.
This happened in Los Angeles at the corner of Sunset Boulevard.
British footballer отделался ушибом and pulled muscles of the right hand.
Beckham left the тату-салона, where his поджидали paparazzi.
Ускользая from their prosecution on a motorcycle, he had not coped with the corner and fell, TMZ reported, citing sources close to футболисту.
In the end Beckham has received another bruise, scratches and right arm muscle.
Tony Stewart is back on track.
The return of Tony Stewart on the track have ended a little more than that in the middle of the race at Atlanta Motor Speedway.
Stewart hit the wall a second time after his right front tyre on lap 172 разорвалась, putting an end to his performance.
Stewart drove his car to the garage потрепанную and then left without talking to reporters.
His team manager Чед Johnston said 14 members of the team disappointed, but now focus on race in the following weekend in Richmond, Virginia.
"I would like to be more successful attempt and more successful finish for him," said Johnston.
We go to Richmond and, hopefully, we get better.
Stewart first hit the wall earlier in the race Sunday night after a collision with Кайлом Bush that required repairs to the right side of his car.
"I started today with quite a big hope has come to the finish line," said Johnston, adding, "Just don't happen."
Shortly after the accident, Stewart was on a tow truck, and the team gathered and was ready to leave.
Stewart missed three NASCAR Sprint Cup races after his car hit and killed another driver during a race on a dirt track in upstate New York.
He decided to come back this week, and he needed to win, or in Atlanta, or at the following race in Richmond to take part in The Pursuit.
He returned to work during the investigation into the tragic incident, in which 20-year-old Kevin Ward Jr. died, which went out on the track to express frustration get in the race.
Law enforcement agencies reported on Friday that the trial will continue for at least another two weeks.
The decision about whether or not get charged, was not accepted.
Champion was greeted with loud applause and acclamations, when he represented before the race.
Unable to 12th position, Stewart walked in the first 10 at the start of the race, coming to the fourth position.
Then, on the 122nd lap in the Bush administration.
18 car left the track on the exit of Turn 2, Stewart's car crashed into two cars in the wall толкнув.
Stewart continued, but was late to the Second positions.
Sobchak and Виторган reported eating cigarettes with Жванецким in Odessa
Ksenia Sobchak and Maxim Виторган are now in Odessa, the business does not report in its Инстаграм objects.
However, one picture was very surprised and very calmness that confused fans pair.
This picture was taken by the Жванецкого.
"To have Mikhail Михалыча Жванецкого Maxim explains what инстаграмм:)) # Odessa," signed photograph Ksenia Sobchak.
However, in addition to the cigarettes, there is nothing on the table.
No coffee, is that oil and other things.
Fans of the pair decided that Ksyusha also smokes, and condemned her for it.
"While cigarettes?," whose idyllic kills! "And" lead the cigarette breakfast), "" Вроде at breakfast, and would be on the table, just cigarettes))), "" Ksenia, you also smoke?, "parents were sorely distressed over his pet subscribers to her blog.
It recently Sobchak похвасталась what delicious dinner for the first time in his life has prepared her Maxim Виторган.
"When you reach the Счастье-это cottage, and husband to your arrival prepared dinner (for the first time honored married life, but what вкусный.Главное to now at the end of the dinner, told me the joke:" So now, every day was, "her husband похвасталась Ksenia Sobchak.
Pictured, Maxim is preparing something with diligence, and on the table already filed pickles and baked chicken.
Prison officials conducted a national protest Bulgaria
Hundreds of prison officers from throughout Bulgaria held a national protest in front of the Ministry of Justice in the capital, Sofia.
In the course of peaceful demonstrations, they repeated their demands to return the previous conditions, which have recently been changed.
Raising wages is also included in a list of demands, which will be discussed with children temporarily as acting justice minister Ivanov.
Within a month the officers expressed a symbolic protest against the new graphics work, demanding a return of the old 24-часовые shifts.
Despite the fact that the union of prison officials repeatedly met with representatives of the Ministry of Justice, no agreement was reached, according to national radio (Болгарское БНР).
Negotiations were continuing, said the head of the Correction Department БНР Росен Желязков enforceable penalties.
It is expected that the union complaint prison officers will join members of the Federation of Trade Unions of employees of the Interior Ministry.
Thailand ’ s new government controls the army
General Прают (right) was appointed to the post of defense minister Правита Вонгсувана (left)
Thailand's military ruler and prime minister General Прают Чан-Оча announced the composition of a new cabinet of ministers of the country, in which more than a third of posts are generals or retired generals.
Representatives of the army got key posts: Ministers of defense, finance, foreign affairs and trade.
On Monday Прают Чан-Оча was officially confirmed as prime minister after the king of Thailand has officially endorsed the appointment as head of the interim military government for the post.
Its 60-year military TV channel in the country in a coup on May 22, as a result of the injury, was the only candidate for the premiership post.
He was elected prime minister at a meeting of the parliament.
Earlier the army appointed MPs.
According to Праютa Чан-Оча, coup was the only way to preserve stability.
He was preceded by six months held a demonstration in which protesters have demanded the resignation of the government of Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra.
Officially Прают Чан-Оча prime minister will be temporary, as the military plan to hold a general election in late 2015.
However, there are fears that the military is trying to strengthen his grip on the country.
The military came to power on May 22
Against a background of complete paralysis of civil authorities.
Leaders of the main political parties were temporary arrest.
The military immediately after coming to power, they have temporary arrest of leading politicians, including Prime Minister Shinawatra Йинглык.
There were also arrested some journalists and public figures.
The current political crisis goes back to 2006, when the army with сместила Йинглык brother Thaksin Shinawatra as prime minister.
They both are popular among rural populations, especially in northern areas of the country that has produced them success in the elections.
However, many members of the middle class and metropolitan elite entered the terrorism that confronts us movement, which since November 2013, almost парализовало country.
Nobody was saying that in a salad mussels will be better, I promised you this, from the new waitress отшучивается брассерии Palm.
Have to formally recognise that this is indeed the case, but the mind and stomach remain adamant.
Because all the time: We are talking "Belgium" - mean mussels, we say "mussels" mean "Belgium".
Restaurant operators like глубокомысленно claim that the success of schools depends on three factors: It is friendly and relaxed again.
There are some places that are not that good, or even excellent, but any невезучие.
In short, meanwhile, is at the table, I remembered that once I am "cafes" (in honor of the same TV shows), then its "," and even the "forces of Beaujolais" and "Friends."
Now here again, but no longer ностальгически-советская forces, but Belgian.
Above ground there is only the tip of the iceberg: Cogeneration and a couple of tables, all the rest space without even a hint of sunlight.
But here, as in a child's room: Red, yellow and green walls, colourful, instead of windows - TVs, where swim девушки-русалки.
Belgian institution in St Petersburg has long been not a novelty, so compare with what you have.
Here, eight species of draught beer (260-300 rubles (0.5 liter) and countless bottled (170-1550 rubles).
The waitress Компанейски-позитивная fun Paris menus, telling that "mussels is much bigger seeds," and it should be noted that, despite some drawbacks, is the positive side of Palm.
The expected in content, but often very suddenly on execution.
Well, who, for example, predict that the meat with валлонским черносливом) (280) - in fact to the same нарезанное carpaccio, so subtly that пергаментная paper compared with him seem matter безобразно thick.
To feel at least some taste only if сгрести полтарелки again.
With their cause even worse.
Classic льежский (260), the more likely it would be to admit a crime against Belgian people: Some пожухлый iceberg отваренная once a long time ago, potatoes, beans, раскисшая кенийская одеревенелые chips from bacon plus up marinated onions.
With such льежским salad don't want meeting anyone.
The composition of the ingredients of the Belgian lettuce was partly to others, but the impression was also positive.
If the недозревшие четвертинки champignons пережаренные cherry tomatoes or tomatoes still you could close your eyes, why mussels look like for their life to them a few times managed to freeze and отварить!
Because I already know: There is quite normal беломорские mussels.
They served in кастрюльках "in your choice of sauce (490-560 rubles per 0.5 kg).
Half a dozen sauces, that of white wine, celery and carrots, and frankly not Ptolemaios.
Vegetables there, and fragrance is absent, and whether there's wine, and remained a mystery.
But good rely to мидиям фриты home with mayonnaise.
Chicken ватерзой похлебка, thick here - not to such an extent that depending on moods can decide the first or the second dish before you, but simply pleasant creamy супчик.
It was announced that a rabbit local chef prepares in beer sauce, and nothing about the rosemary.
The situation turned out to be diametrically the opposite: Rosemary заглушал all.
The impression that this rabbit when life fed exclusively розмариновыми кустиками why meat has gained such an extraordinary flavor.
But at the same time, the rabbit leg packages of great - no, just an excellent pear in карамелизованной crust.
Waffles in Palm offer not only sweet, but also a hearty "with beef, chicken and bacon, and cheese (220-280).
Are sauce was unnecessarily водянист суховаты and waffles.
But подошедшая very informally asked the manager Dulo impressions.
It means that should come again.
The dollar rose above 37 rubles on the Micex on the news about the upcoming West new sanctions against Russia.
It's a new historical record.
The dollar calculations "tomorrow" to the 10: 29 Moscow grew to 26.9 cents and 37,02 ruble, the euro was up by 30 cents to 48,73 ruble, the Moscow stock exchanges.
Бивалютная basket grew at 28 cents to the level of the previous closing and cost 42,28 ruble.
The dollar fell to the Crimean events high on February 19, 2009 - then he cost 36,43 rouble, and on March 3, 2014, he was already 37,005 ruble.
On the night of August 29, the White House said that President Barack Obama and German Chancellor Angela Merkel will discuss any imposition of additional sanctions against Russia.
The weakening of the ruble is long-term in nature and, in tandem with the euro, and in tandem with the dollar.
The long-term forecast assumed that mark, "says senior analyst at Alpari" Anna Бодрова. "
All of that has to do with Ukraine, one way or another will be reflected on the courses.
As long as this continues, investors will react.
Today, rumors about the invading troops are not confirmed nor with one hand, but the market was very emotional.
All the talk about the fact that he was resistant to such news, yesterday were перечеркнуты.
This week, according to specialist, closes around these levels, and the rouble 37,05 36,90 per dollar.
The tax period ended, oil prices, weak policies, sanctions, the problem of transit of gas through Ukraine are all links in the same chain.
Also projected inflation accelerates to current prices for fall by end-2010 from 5 to 10 percent.
Soon, to the same end, seasonal vegetables and fruits, and there will be a vacuum, so long as the network переориентируются on other suppliers.
"The dollar went up to 37 roubles, went through it and came back, some powerful hysteria," said head of analysis of markets "Opening Broker" Konstantin Bushuev.
Still will be watching whether the promised Saturday to impose sanctions, as will meet NATO.
He said the ruble weakened sharply after the tax season, then went to the news on Ukraine, by the same token, the Central Bank last week said that before the end of the year, moving to a fully floating exchange rate and waives any currency interventions.
If you look at the daytime wobble, then it is no different from the previous ones during this month, all have spooked that mark in 37 rubles, "continued the analyst.
And so, in terms of the turnover of a powerful, nothing has happened.
Worrying times for the currency market were, as I recall when, in late January was an increased demand for the currency, as well as 3rd March, when the Central Bank отгрузил a record number of currency.
In UFS IC and see the positive side of the weakening of the ruble.
First of all, this increase in the revenue part of the budget from the export operations, as well as to increase the competitiveness of domestic manufacturers at the expense of the expensive imports, says chief analyst UFS IC Alexei Kozlov.
Negative moments can be attributed to the cost of imported goods and services.
Sharp fluctuations in the Russian currency to significantly reduce the attractiveness of the investment in the Russian economy, provoke growing inflationary pressures and, as a result, become expensive for borrowing funds which, in turn, slows down the development of the economy.
If we talk about the stock market, the rouble devaluation smoothes over a fall in share prices, expressed in roubles.
For example, the MICEX index during trading Thursday fell 1.67 percent and the RTS had lost 3.27 percent.
Such a significant difference in the relative magnitude of reduction of indices due to the weakening of the ruble during the day more than 1.5%.
The weakening of the ruble is an emotional character and can be explained by a massive desire to buy the currency.
In practice, gradually emotions go on there, and quotes the ruble partially or fully restore some lost ground.
"We believe, soon we will be able to see the value of the dollar and the Russian currency near the level of 36 rubles to the dollar," said Alexei Kozlov.
A genetic disorder often incorrectly diagnosed
Британка reported that she spent many years thinking that dies, delivered after a wrong diagnosis.
Кэрин Rogers spent much of her childhood, thinking that she was left to live only a few years after she was diagnosed with another illness.
In fact, she had the disease Шарко-Мари-Тута (ШМТ) is a group of inherited disorders that cause damage to nerves outside the brain and spine.
Charity CMT UK reported that improperly delayed diagnosis is a common problem among people with ШМТ, because so little is known about this condition.
With approximately 23,000 people in the UK, presumably, ШМТ, which can cause motor symptoms such as muscle weakness, gait and particularly поджатые your toes.
Sufferers can experience numbness or pain, and the condition is cured only and is progressing, that means that worsening symptoms over time.
When Rogers was 13, she thought that suffers from атаксии Фридрейха (AF) -- a condition for which the prognosis was very poor.
Rogers thought that she would be прикована confined to a wheelchair by the time she is 18, and she will die before age 30.
The mother of two children, now 51, said: "As a kid, I knew that I couldn't do what the others.
Each day I fell, and I have all consumed more time.
I could never ride a skateboard or roller coasters with other children, and me a lot of time in school, because, as I went and running.
Rogers said that, when she was 13, after several operations to release Health tendon and straighten feet, she needed in medical records, when her doctor went out of the room, and it was written that she AF.
"I felt guilty, because сунула nose where it should not be, and that's why I never told anyone, but I returned home, found information about this condition in the library and wrote the AF," she said.
When I received the information in reply, I was shocked, and experienced the most terrible panic, only what is possible.
I thought that I would be in a wheelchair for 18 and die before I turn 25, and that I'll lose all their abilities in that span.
I went through it all alone, and I спланировала own funeral.
She said that by the time she was 17, she realized that her ability to walk has not deteriorated as much as she thought about it and asked his doctor.
He just stood up and hugged me and said: "My dear, I don't think that you have this disease, because you would have been in a wheelchair."
I think you have something that is a far smaller threat to life.
After a few genetic surveys have found ШМТ.
"When he explained what ШМТ, I thought that positioned her lucky ticket," she said.
Britain announced last month a charitable organization ШМТ ШМТ information to try to draw attention to this disease.
The tax burden on entrepreneurs, the Washington area is growing as the economic recovery
Восстанавливающаяся economy means more customers, the more sales and jobs.
It also means higher taxes.
Account for taxes on the state and local level for companies across the country, moderately increased in the last year, when the economic recovery accelerated, according to a new study, published last week, and the company in the Washington area is no exception.
In the District, Maryland and Virginia collectively paid $27.6 billion in the coffers of the state and local level in fiscal 2013, to 3.8 percent more than the $26.6 billion collected in 2012.
The tax burden on the state and local level in the past year rose by 4.3 per cent, to $671 billion, compared with 3.9 per cent the year before, and it was the third consecutive year of growth after overtaking each other years when account disparities, in 2009 and 2010.
State taxes, rose 4.3 percent, faster than the local taxes, 3.9 percent, according to the study, which was conducted by professional services firm, Ernst & Young and the Center for taxable state group on tax policy.
More than half of the tax revenue in the county, 56 percent, in taxes on entrepreneurs, while 36 percent of tax revenue for Maryland.
Virginia, with 28 percent, is the lowest amount of tax revenue, proportionally, from entrepreneurs.
To a large extent, the growth in tax revenues caused by returning to the same level of value real estate companies, the researchers say, that raised property taxes by 3.7 per cent this year, after three years in a row, when growth was less than 1 percent.
While a large proportion of these revenues account for large states, such as California, New York and Texas, it appears that the same thing is happening in the Washington area.
In the District, Maryland and Virginia collectively paid $10 billion property taxes at the state and local level in the past year, to $9.6 billion more than in 2012 - a rise of 4.2 per cent, compared with the previous year.
However, the observed return value of the property does not have a similar effect on growth in tax revenues for state and local taxes in Maryland, where prices barely exceed one-fifth of companies' tax bills.
Virginia's and the District of Columbia are paying about half the tax bills on the state and local level, in the form of property taxes.
"What is happening in Maryland is that such a large part of their property, particularly tax base around the District of Columbia, is owned by either the government or nonprofit organization that does not pay property taxes," said Douglas Линдхолм, executive director of the Center on taxation.
Thus, Maryland forced to rely much more on personal income taxes, for example, to pay for those services that exist in other states.
The recent increase in tax receipts from businesses cannot fully explain the recovery of the real estate market.
Income entrepreneurs also, it seems, are on the mend, according to this data.
Companies in the region, Chinese corporate income tax at a level of $2.3 billion to $2.1 billion more than in 2012.
Maryland has collected $1 billion of corporate income tax, most of all in the region.
Although the trends are aimed in the same direction, the tax burden of entrepreneurs at the local level does not increase with the same speed in all three areas.
The level of growth in the District of Columbia was on the same level as the average across the country, 4.3 percent, while growth was significantly faster in Maryland, 4.9 percent.
Only in Virginia was the rise in tax revenues, equal to 4.1 percent below average.
In Virginia had the lowest corporate income tax from three jurisdictions (each of which have the same corporate rate) equal to 6 per cent.
In Maryland corporate tax rate of 8.25 percent, whereas in the District is relatively high - 9,975 percent.
A similar study of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce earlier this year showed that lower taxes for entrepreneurs in Virginia, the state and local level and, on the whole, a more favorable climate in terms of taxes for entrepreneurs than in Maryland.
The District has not been evaluated in this study.
Despite his advantage, Virginia is facing competitive pressure from its neighbor to the south.
North Carolina recently signed a legislative act, reduce corporate rate this year from 6.9 percent to 6 percent, the same as in Virginia, the rate will fall to 5 percent in the next year.
If the state continues to achieve objectives during the next year, this law would raise the income tax rate for entrepreneurs, even up to 3 per cent by 2017.
Meanwhile, a small business in the Washington area, it seems, feels better, and thus pay more taxes at the state and local level, according to a recent study.
Taxes for entrepreneurs, in the form of individual income tax paid by small business owners, a transition structure on which things work most small firms - in the District of Columbia, Maryland and Virginia rose 20 percent last year to $2.4 billion, with far greater speed than taxes for предпринимателй in general.
The researchers say that the trend and an increase in revenues from taxes on businesses across the country are likely to persist this year, with the proceeds of the tax on turnover in the governments of the state and local level, from 6.2 per cent in the first three quarters of 2014 compared to the same period last year.
However Вашингтонская zone may fail, because the reduction in federal spending affects the labor market in the region.
Bronze Age of Russian judo
Home championship of judo team brought Russia two silver and seven bronze medals.
In this respect, the Russians gave only the favorite of national team competitions - Japan.
The tournament started in Chelyabinsk, Russia, on Monday, the first day brought the Russian team silver medal.
It became the owner of Beslan Мудранов argued in the category up to 60 kg.
At the same time, in the final fight Болдбаатаром Ганбатом from Mongolia, the outcome of the confrontation decided just one remark that russian.
And here's the second day of the tournament was the most successful for Team Russia - on Tuesday won three medals.
In the men's competition in the category of up to 66 kg of silver and bronze, supplanted Mikhail Пуляеву - Камалу Хан-Магомедову.
The final challenge was Russian world champion in 2011 and 2013, японцу Эбинуме Kharlamov.
The Хан-Магомедов четвертьфинальной stage loser соотечественнику, победно walked across the утешительному incorporates and became the owner of a bronze award.
In the women's tournament to 52 kg category to the third step of the U.K., Natalia Кузютина.
She lost in the semi-finals of the world acting чемпионке Майлинде Кельменди from Kosovo in this championship, which is performed under the flag of the International Judo Federation and successfully defended his title.
In the dispute over the bronze medal won in Ma Кузютина Инань from China, but after the end of the tournament yet confessed that third place is not what she expected.
Again, the obstacle on the way to a Russian gold became Кельменди, побеждавшая Кузютину earlier in the finals of the European Championship.
In the third day of the tournament in Chelyabinsk, Russia's team bronze medal in his Musa Могушков who served in categories to 73 kilograms.
FC in his friend, former representative, Victor Сковорцов Moldavia, now the speaker for the UAE.
But then Russian won two battles and became the owner of the awards.
Могушков spoke at a home World Cup with injury голеностопа, which he expects to start in the near future, however, and will take a pause in the competition.
As regards экс-молдованина operators, he and he reached in this tournament with a bronze medal.
Interestingly, and another by his compatriot, the citizenship of the United Arab Emirates, Ivan Ремаренко finished with performance in the category of up to 100 kg.
The fourth day ЧМ-2014 also brought the Russians one bronze medal, which he won in the category of up to 81 kg Ivan Нифонтов.
In a battle of small finale he due to comments from rival defeated Frenchman Alan Schmitt.
On Friday at the tournament with three straight lines, but Russians traditionally limited to one бронзой in the men's tournament to 90 kg.
It became the owner of Kirill Website, with the national team of Russia this medal was guaranteed: His rival was the final утешительному Unequal Kirill Denisov.
But labor itself failed: A rival Вопросова couldn't get in because of the injury.
Men's bronze was conquered by masters in the sixth day of competition - and her team put Renat Saidov, who was in the category of more than 100 kg.
In the final, he won a clean утешительном victory over David бразильцем Моурой.
So ended the primacy of the individual.
On the last day of the tournament in Chelyabinsk, Russia, on Sunday, lines of world champions in the team competition.
Both Russian teams - and the male and female - were among the top nominees at the awards, but, as in the individual competitions, представительницам sex not lucky - to the medal they did not make it.
And here is Russian дзюдоисты doing team won silver.
The most critical opposition they are in stiff competition with a score of 2 or 3 gave the main фаворитам competitions - the team of Japan.
At the same time, the national team of Russia led 2-0 after a clean victory Хан-Магомедова and volitional - Denis be (weight to 73 kg).
But in heavier weight categories with their Japanese rivals could not cope Murat Хабачиров (81), Magomed Магомедов (90) and Aslan Камбиев (100).
The same scenario could develop and bronze medal match in the women's tournament, where the Russian national team, leading, lost японкам - 2-3.
In team competitions in Chelyabinsk was attended by Russian President Vladimir Putin, who after the end of the tournament has congratulated the team with silver.
"Second place is very honoured, but I want to say that it was evident that you could become champions," said Putin, quoted as saying by RIA Novosti news agency.
Japanese Judo родоначальникам lose, there is no shame here - nothing.
But I am sure that you can have them and win.
Russia's national team at the home World Cup performed much better than a year ago at this level of competition, in Rio de Janeiro.
Then the Russian team had only three medals, one silver and two bronze.
While the current tournament were Olympic champions and Champions Arsene Mansur Isaev.
We are all, of course, big максималисты.
Yes, we want gold medals.
But let us remember that if the man in the Olympic cycle is the strongest in the G8, he's a potential winner of the Olympic Games.
Especially in a sport like judo, "summarized the results of Russian sports minister Vitaly Mutko at the words, which leads to the championship.
Team Japan expected became better in Chelyabinsk, winning 11 medals, five of which were gold.
The next World Championships will be held in summer next year in Astana.
Read other materials, news and statistics can be on the summer sports.
The family is hoping for the best Риверз Joan
Joan Риверз lies unconscious on arrival at a hospital in New York three days ago, but her daughter expressed hope today that 81-летняя Redeemer actress recover from illness.
"Thank you for your continued love and support," said Melissa Риверз in a statement today.
We hope for the best.
Her mother arrived at Mount Sinai Hospital on Thursday after an emergency call that she was stopping the heart clinic in Upper Ист-Сайде, Йорквилл Эндоскопи, according to sources.
Doctors were intentionally keeping her sedated and under strict supervision, they will not be satisfied until her condition, which remains "difficult."
The response was wide, including massive support online from such as Donald Trump, Монтел Williams and Kelly Рипа.
All can be kings
The group's debut album Royal Blood - the new hope of British rock, выведшей рок-дуэты clubs straight to stadiums.
The duo Royal Blood all year on the stage, but he already has the nomination to be the opening act on a tour of the BBC, and a visit to the Arctic Monkeys gig from the New York-based гримерку Jimmy right.
Their debut album, Leif even for a few months before release received 100,000 предзаказов contract, and the issue lies in the major Warner Music.
Given the present situation on the market, a musical плачевную situation of lambasted, because this is not about new Lana del Ray, or regular сладкоголосом representative "of the new R 'n' B ', and about the appearance of the British duo быковатых, playing with the level of volume and intensity, that the last time was in vogue two decades ago.
In general, rates on the first album in connection with all вышеозначенными circumstances were especially high and is already quite justified.
The duo is not a coincidence that took his name, which previously could encroach on what isn't quite so desperate and hairy metalheads, which flows the blood of kings, how they think, they have in the veins, which is also understandable.
It is, of course, primarily about the heroes of the past levels of Led Zeppelin, and the great quartet, Royal Blood aim to shake застоявшуюся blood British rock, put it to a new level.
To make predictions about the success of this enterprise until, perhaps, pretty early, but some say it is already possible.
A dozen songs, with a small уложившихся in thirty minutes - it's not so much a phenomenal demonstration of how much thwarting композиторского gifts, and a powerful statement of intent.
Some of the dignity of the individual, of course, cannot be denied: The pilot say, single "Out of the Black" disregards the fact that influential than melodic line, and "party.
Musicians jokingly say that this song in general easier than настучать напеть.
It will also highlight a "Little Monster" and November will record the song "Better" with шекспировской quote in the title.
But the truth is that each of these songs would sound great at a party hard rock fans, but when playing in a row they merge into a more or less uniform cloth.
And this is not necessarily bad, on the contrary.
The Royal Blood in the fact that they do not claim the new Lennon and McCartney (rather too much in successors Motörhead) mark, but numerous рок-дуэты инди-клубов from the ghetto.
Their music, despite some variety, created for stadiums, indoors, in less than a couple of thousand people, she is obviously closely.
The secret lies in хитром use of bass, guitar took the usual format, with zero thought at the beginning of the White Stripes.
However, it is not only instruments, but also in the approach to writing songs.
Heroes ретророка zero with great difficulty outside their postmodern paradigm, with huge reluctance to admit to itself not just эпигонами and independent creative units.
Royal Blood is now sound so heavily and the subsequent pressure that this successful and some драпирует вторичность твердолобость musical material.
Oh, and in the end, who said that the rock must be smart?
Amazon is buying it for $1.04 billion
Amazon has just confirmed what Information reported on Friday morning: "Shopping online and видеопродюсер, and another hundred other things - streaming service видеовоспроизведения buys it for $1.04 billion ($US970 million).
The news was a surprise, not because no one expected that it would be sold, and because many people expected that YouTube will be a buyer.
Three months ago, selling it for a billion Google видеосервису looked completely finished, and this combination was a natural.
It was founded just three years ago as Justin.tv, set a goal to be потоковым service general nature - version of YouTube in real time.
Instead, he quickly became a platform where gamers aired their внутриигровые moments; "YouTube for games in real-time," according to Business insider.
It is the interface.
"Let's play," genre movies, in which всезнайки give (mainly old) games, as in "Таинственном theatre", already popular on YouTube.
The fact is that YouTube is mentioned often, when we describe it, so the news that YouTube acquires it was without much interest, a classic example of a deep-rooted technology company выкупающей potential competitor.
It's a mystery why deal with YouTube failed, given that, reportedly, he was willing to pay, no less than Amazon.
All that we have at the moment is a statement from executive director Emmett have it: "We chose Amazon because they believe in our community, they share our values and long-term objectives, and they want to help us get there faster."
Another mystery, frankly, it is an incredible success it is.
Снобам like me, who say that sports will be better than watching him, it is hard to understand the appeal of watching games instead of himself to pick up a joystick.
It is one thing to look over his shoulder at 3 a.m., while creeping through the resident Evil, and quite another to watch as an outsider, a man gets 20 shots in the head in a row as Call of Duty.
All of the games that you could watch right now.
Another problem is that many of today's most popular games are designed for one person, so I watch them shoot, not controlling the angle of view, can be a recipe for headache, a worthy Do It Right.
I agree that high-speed transmission, in which Роджеры Бэннистеры of our electronic age completing the whole game in record time, entertain.
But if we are not talking about виртуозе games or humor, it's unlikely that his channel it altogether will be interesting.
But what they know skeptics like me?
It had 55 million unique visitors per month, and it is the fourth largest source of peak Internet traffic.
How Amazon works on this?
It is hard to imagine that it свернется in Amazon Instant Video as gracefully as YouTube would simply absorb it.
However, it is with pleasure that would have received any company: The crowd of young men, of whom dream of advertisers.
As it is, "said the head of Шир Amazon and it is" both believe in the future of gaming, "and the channel is not signs, even" ouch "as a kind of sport.
As a result of what happened in 2004, the attack killed more than 330 people, including 186 children.
More than 800 people were injured.
We spent a few days in the town of Beslan.
We talked to surviving hostages - nearly all right now, with parents of dead students, a cemetery "City of Angels" Касполатовым, head of the Committee of the cult of "Mothers of Beslan" Сусанной Dudiyeva who participated in the sting operation, "the Emergencies Ministry employee, tells correspondent of" Society "Elizabeth Antonova, serving over спецпроектом.
Already after returning to Moscow, met with Асламбеком Аслахановым, who 10 years ago was an adviser to the president of the North Caucasus and negotiating with terrorists, as well as an officer of the FSB, Russia's "B" Vyacheslav Бочаровым. "
What I am particularly shocked during work on this topic is that in Beslan as if it were not for these ten years.
This issue is extremely painful for everyone who has some to her attitude, people hardly agree to talk about what happened.
The travel experience is very heavy.
But forget the Beslan cannot, and I hope that we will cope with his task, "Antonov said.
So prepared animated infographics holding Rambler & Co, which operates in the spring of this year.
Previous спецпроекты were dedicated to World War I and the 15th-anniversary Vladimir Putin.
North Korea has short-range missile launch
North Korea made the launch of short-range missiles into the Sea of Japan, according to "Ренхап."
The launch was about 10.30 a.m. local time from the province, Чагандо on the border of North Korea and China.
Presumably, the missile fell into the Sea of Japan, in short order, 220 km, in the Joint Committee of the chiefs of staff of South Korea.
MPs have proposed to accelerate the entry into force of the law on personal data
In the case of the success of the initiative, the Russians cannot be stored on servers abroad from January 1, 2015
The Russian parliament introduced a bill providing for postponing the date of entry into force have already adopted the law on the personal data of Russians - from 1 September 2016, on January 1, 2015.
The initiative is available in the legislative activities of the lower chamber.
Its authors were the deputies of the State Duma Vadim Деньгин, Yaroslav Nilov has informed about (LDPR), Evgeny Fyodorov (United Russia), Vladimir Парахин ("Just Russia") and Alexander Yushchenko (KPRF).
Such a change, according to the authors, the initiative will contribute to a more operational and effective to ensure the rights of citizens of the Russian Federation on the safety of personal data or the secrecy of correspondence in информационно-телекоммуникационных networks.
The law, entry into force which торопят parliamentarians, commits to store the personal data of Russians, run through the Internet.
He also makes mandatory recording, systematized, accumulation, storage, and the extraction of personal data of citizens of the Russian Federation, in the databases, which are located on the territory of Russia, as well as indication of information about the location of such databases.
In addition, the law gives Roskomnadzor law on the basis of a court decision to restrict access to information being processed in violation of the laws of the Russian Federation in the field of personal data.
The law also proposes the creation of a so-called "black lists" сайтов-нарушителей automated information system - a Registry of human rights violators "of personal data."
This law was passed by the State Duma in the summer.
The authors of the bill were made by Andrei Lugovoi and Vadim Деньгин from the Liberal Democratic Party (LDPR) and Alexander Yushchenko from the Communist Party.
Деньгин and Yushchenko are also one of the authors of the bill have already adopted by the date of entry into force of the law.
Those data centers in Russia, there is no need to pay the rent
Commenting on the bill introduced today in the State Duma deputy head of the Duma Committee on information policy, Leonid Levin, said that he sees no problems for the date of the entry into force of the Law on the protection of personal data.
He said that those companies that by 1 January 2015, will have their own storage of personal data of Russians on the territory of the Russian Federation, will be able to rent them, for example, "the Rostelecom, who have repeatedly said that they are ready to provide their own servers in rent and already provides its own servers, Mail Group, Western companies that now provide their servers."
"In addition, there are several independent data centers, ready to cooperate in this area," he added.
"If companies decide to comply with the law and continue to work in the territory of the Russian Federation, I don't see problems - they will have the technological capability to host," Levin concluded.
Controversial bill
Immediately after publication of the draft law, the Russian Association of Electronic Communications had concerns that, in the event the Russians will no longer be able to use many global database.
In particular, we are talking about services online airline tickets and hotels.
According to the association, the "bill of particulars" deprives citizens of the Russian Federation to control their own data tell determining that their recording, systematisation, etc., must be provided only in the databases located in the territory of the Russian Federation. "
In a statement РАЭК stresses that more effective measure would be to create a mechanism for information about where the user is recording, systematisation of his personal data.
In this case, he will be able to choose, on which areas will be made of these actions.
The adoption of the draft of the "containment" of personal data in other countries has led to the establishment of global services and significant economic losses.
Testing the water ice bucket вывихнула jaw
Изабелл Roberts from the UK so she cried when her head выливали icy water that damaged of faces.
This water ice bucket challenge went painfully wrong.
The woman was hospitalized after she shouted during the testing of an ice bucket of water that вывихнула jaw.
Изабелл Roberts so vehemently screaming when her head выливали icy water that damaged the structure of the face.
"The water was so cold that I cried, but when I did, my jaw began checking," she told The Mirror.
Water are poured on 20-year.
Изабелл Roberts for seconds before the accident
I tried to shut his mouth, but he didn't, he stuck treatments.The location between, and then I came with the understanding that something is wrong.
Then to my mum and sister came the same understanding and they started the Steering Committee, but I had to urgently carry in the emergency department.
20-year woman from the UK was taken to hospital for jaw вправить after participating in the popular involvement on Tuesday.
The clip was published and became интернет-сенсацией thousands of times on Facebook and Twitter.
Militias were handed over to the Ukrainian military, more than 400 prisoners
In "Army Новороссии" claim that downed a Ukrainian airport, and accuse opponents of violating ceasefire agreements
Militias as of 10: 00 p.m. on September 1, was handed to the Ukrainian side 402 captives, 72 of whom were injured, as well as the 35 bodies of dead servicemen.
Interfax said the spokesman, "Army Новороссии."
He added that air defence forces "in the area of settlement, the Su-27 jet downed Мерешки нарушивший agreement on a ceasefire."
According to the agency, the Ukrainian side with some артиллерийском луганского airport used cluster munitions forbidden by international conventions.
Spokesman noted that ополченцам overnight managed to damage the two Ukrainian air force helicopter at one of the field of aerodromes, as well as to destroy two superstructure, and two warehouse with ammunition.
"The losses in manpower opponent - up to 100 people killed and wounded, surrendered captured 13 people," spokesman summed up headquarters.
Interfax did not have confirmation of this information from Ukrainian sources.
On Sunday the formation of "people's republics" Donbass said the Ukrainian side in the framework of compliance with the cease-fire regime 223 captives soldiers and National Guard soldiers.
At the same time at night, according to the Army, "Army ДНР Новороссии," "пресекла нацгвардейцев attempt in violation of agreements reached earlier to withdraw from the district's heavy equipment."
Then be reported in the destruction of two tanks and two скоротечном combat infantry combat vehicles, capturing six tanks and disarmament 198 servicemen.
According to staff, the total loss of the enemy in all directions (Donetsk, Lugansk, Мариупольском) for that night made five of eight tanks, armored combat vehicles, more than 120 people killed and wounded
At the end of last week a group of Ukrainian servicemen was surrounded by the militia in the area Иловайска in Donetsk region.
Russia's President Vladimir Putin asked for the "people's republics" release of Ukrainian servicemen from the environment.
In ДНР agreed to go on this subject of enemy weapons and ammunition.
First, dozens of troops began to leave the settlements on Saturday morning.
According to the commander of the encirclement of Ukrainian territorial defense battalion "Donbass". "Semenchenko, on the night of Sunday from" boiler "came another 14 people.
In his фейсбуке Semenchenko wrote that "the wounded are in captivity in 137 Regiment 32 division of the Russian Federation and the Russian tank brigade," where they are treated well.
Meanwhile, Russia's Foreign Ministry and the Defense Ministry refuted reports of Ukrainian military and NATO about the presence of Russian troops in Ukraine.
The Russian Foreign Ministry said Russia would take retaliatory measures in the event of the introduction of new EU sanctions
Russia reserves the right to take reciprocal measures aimed at protecting its legitimate interests in the event of the introduction of the new anti-Russian sanctions, according to the Russian Foreign Ministry.
The report of Russian внешнедипломатического agency says that "imprisonment" of the European Council of 30 August demonstrated the inability of the EU to overcome the inertia of their support for what Kiev authorities.
Brussels continues to insist that Russia was involved in the situation in eastern Ukraine, based on "absolutely бездоказательные statements about the presence of Russian armed forces on the territory of the country," according to the agency.
The Russian Foreign Ministry expresses regret that, contrary to the interests of its Member States Евросовет, influenced "countries that are interested in confrontation with Russia.
Members saimilar should call for a peaceful settlement of the conflict in eastern Ukraine, and also to ensure the conditions for a genuine dialogue "between the sides," the agency said.
The agency also notes that there are currently no объективынх evaluations of the humanitarian situation in the Donbas, where unfolded a full-blown humanitarian disaster, as well as a growing number of victims among the civilian population.
Recall that during the nearest семидневки planned in the European Union to develop concrete proposals for sanctions against Russia.
At the same time, EU officials have worked closely with U.S. officials.
It is expected that they will correlate between measures imposed a period of action and a degree of rigidity.
The new EU sanctions could affect the energy and financial sectors.
Also, the Australian government announced expanded sanctions against Russia in defense, finance, and oil and gas industries.
Cunning ways to save on university textbooks
The fact that the cost of university textbooks for many students more than $1000 a year, Matt Schroeder, who will soon move to the second course, came up with an ingenious way to reduce costs.
He developed a system of how to borrow books, offering them for rent старшекурсников rated compensation that they delayed their sale.
"My textbook on mathematical analysis, which typically costs $180 for a semester, I got $10 and biscuits" Chick-fil-A "," says Schroeder, 19, who is studying in Ковенант College in Georgia.
The literature on the cost would be $430 last semester, he said.
He spent $120.
According to the Council, the average college student spends $1,200 a year on books and supplies, but the students have a number of options to reduce these costs.
Students are increasingly choosing online stores and creative ideas, such system Schroeder.
Rent books is becoming increasingly popular, allowing students to use a book during the semester, and often costing substantially cheaper than buying them.
"Нибо Инкорпорейтид", which holds more than 250 university bookstores, reports that the volume of rental books grew by half since 2011.
Industry studies show that about a quarter of books in university bookstores during the past spring semester were taken, said the vice president "Нибо" Trevor Meyer.
Fewer than half of all books sold in university bookstores, according to the National Association of Choirs professional union shops. "
Here's introductory course on the best ways to make a great deal.
Purchase in store
Sometimes, if you will connect to the Internet, the price of a new book could constitute one third of that, what you will see in the university bookstore.
The ninth edition of "Mathematical Analysis," Ron Larson ’ s Bruce Edwards and Robert Хостетлера worth about $290 privately, but a copy can be purchased for $239,99 site Chegg.com, which specialises in selling textbooks.
Buying подержанного
If you don't mind other people's notes or injuries, second-hand textbooks are a good option.
"Mathematical analysis" sold for $93,49 подержанном form on to Chegg.com.
Matt Кэсэдей, 25 years later, a fourth year student at the University of Бригэм Young, said that paid 42 cents on Amazon.com for a used copy of the book "strategic decisions in the media: An understanding of the business side of the advertising business."
The book sold for $48.
Teachers, for instance, Ingrid Брейси, director of "College without walls" at the University of Massachusetts in Эмхерсте, offers students refine their professors, if not to previous editions.
Sometimes the updates are insignificant for classes.
In such cases, the old editions can often be found in a very small fraction of the cost of the latest edition.
In addition to websites Amazon and Chegg, Half.com, "owned by eBay Inc., is a popular alternative to buying second-hand books.
Hire
About to take textbooks to hire, you need to think, if you're good enough to appeal to them, don't forget to return them and don't want to leave them yourself after the course is completed.
You can save more than 80% of the cost of a new book.
For example, a student could rent a "Математический analysis" for a semester for about $20.
Check the rules before the store, where you take the books, including any fines that you can write the notes, underscore and damage.
If you take a book rental, remember: If you don't give the book, fines may even exceed the cost of the new instance.
Electronic books
Electronic books instead of traditional textbooks is another option.
Sometimes such books actually take electronic purchasing a license for a certain period for retailers, such as Amazon.com, Chegg and Barnes & Noble Inc.
"Rent" on the site Chegg.com Mathematical Analysis for six months will cost about $61.
Брейси says that students who study literature, can often find the most advantageous prices, as many of the classics, you can now add, whereas literature on natural and engineering sciences can be quite expensive.
No matter what, осмотритесь.
Joe Who, 29, who is going to start their studies in high school, and recommends that use Пеппердин ISBN number to book prices, as this will ensure that you are looking for precisely the right you text.
But before you order online, says, "Who will check whether a book is in stock.
For him the lesson Hemsedal is not easy.
The delivery of the books, which he bought, was postponed for four weeks, and, in the end, he paid the full price at the university bookstore.
Putin said that the inefficiency of fund development of the Far East
Russia's President Vladimir Putin зявил Meeting on state support and priority investment projects in the Far East, and Islamic investment fund development of the Far East, founded two years ago, inefficient, according to Interfax.
"15 billion rubles and remained on the deposits," said the president.
During the meeting, the head of state asked to speed up approval of the list of territories of advancing in the Far East.
He said that the law needed to establish a ТОРов should be included in the State Duma this fall.
The federal assembly, said the president, before July 1, has not approved the list of territories of advancing in the Far East, and their criteria.
Vladimir Putin also formulated the basic tasks to ensure the development of the Far East.
Among them, improving transport in the region, removing infrastructure restrictions - on both the domestic market and for export.
Among other things, the need to attract in the region создатьпредпосылки additional investments, as well as to the advancing, which should be competitive in relation to the key business centres of the Asia-Pacific region, "the president said.
It was previously reported that the advancing may replace the SEZ.
Why "Revolutionary galaxies" would not have been able to save cash
"Неудержимые 3" Сильвестра Stallone returned less than $30 million from his $90-миллионного budget in the United States, while "City of sins: A woman worth killing for which" returned only $12 $70-миллионного performance from its budget.
"Home video" with Cameron Diaz brought only $14.6 million in its first weekend, while children's movies, such as "How to them quite effortlessly Dragon 2" also had record revenue.
Article кинокритика Telegraph Robbie Collina indicates that, when it comes to children's films, perhaps as bad as the movies themselves.
Collin called 2014 "a year of" the worst year in history in terms of children's films, and called "How to them quite effortlessly Dragon 2" barely "full-fledged" continuing installation.
However, when it comes to movies aimed at an audience of a few older, it seems that the problem is not necessarily the movies themselves.
In July, Entertainment Weekly compared average ratings of each film's CinemaScore and Metacritic, a summer hire at least 2,000 copies between Memorial Day holiday in May and 20 July, 2013 and this year.
Results, which take into account the opinion as кинозрителей and кинокритиков, suggests that this year's crop of films similar to exceed last year's hits.
Some commentators suggest that the case may be complete in changing habits and growing popularity of streaming Internet services, such as Netflix.
Director John, who is currently working on soon coming to hire диснеевским film "The Book of the jungle," said the website Hollywood Reporter: "I think times are changing."
We should admit it and not try to chase what it was before.
In contrast to the current drop in impairment in Hollywood, income from the Netflix streaming service to hit $1.2 billion, almost double the figure in the Open Source revolution hit $837 million.
Last summer, the director Steven Spielberg criticized studios for what they too rely on the franchise's comic book, and predicted a "collapse" of Hollywood.
In the light of the current recession, some commentators argue that in its bleak предсказаниях was some truth.
Due to the fact that in the summer of 2015 is expected to be out several potential cash hits, including "Мстителей Альтрона: Era," "and" "Миньонов opposition National Park," the other representatives of the film industry are more optimistic.
The producer of "X Men" Simon Кинберг recently called the impairment ", saying simply" цикличным Hollywood Reporter: "Next summer will be the most cash in the summer in history, and nobody would worry about it."
Food sanctions do not frighten the owners of establishments with the Caucasian and Central Asian food, but for the European and Japanese cuisine restaurants Russian suppliers is a dream.
And in general, while catering to replace outlawed the import of products not from Russia but from Latin America, Israel and China.
"There is better than a bad моцареллу малосольный cucumber," laments a chef of Italian restaurant with the name Mariano Barlotti transfer over the quality of the cheeses that offer him suppliers to replace the Italian.
And mozzarella cheese буррата ended in the first, they have a shelf-life.
Stocks пармезана should last for another couple of months.
What to do?
Switch to a Russian?
In 2005 I was at Дорогомиловском market.
With the name Mariano transfer makes such eyes, that clearly: Shocking memories not released it so far.
Meat there lay on carts just 30 inches from the floor.
The cat!
Rats!
Then I said to our restaurant we never will buy the Russian markets.
I don't know, maybe now there is not enough time for that.
But the other day I brought to sample fish from the Far East.
So she was тухлой!
I said that I did not want to talk with the man who brought us to this.
Transfer wonders that many ordinary for Italy things for the Russian manufacturer in restraint.
A few years ago, I was forced to buy the beef.
In Italy dogs are the meat in the refrigeration chamber for 10 days at a temperature of 2 degrees.
It has to be mild отвисеться to muscles расслабились.
I did all of this with the local beef.
Then I asked: "Where have you taken such a delicate meat?
I said: "So it's you, Russia!
Why have you nobody does not do so?
Within five minutes ’ walk from the French restaurant Brasserie Barlotti "The Bridge" in the kitchen hangs a stop list, in which products are missing: French oysters,...............
The chef's "The Bridge" and "Brasserie Bar Strelka" Режис Тригель not so pessimistic configured as transfer: Oysters from France has already replaced oysters from Tunisia, and instead of French cheese restaurant will buy Swiss.
However, Режис becomes more emotional when it comes to Russian suppliers: "Cauliflower is 200 roubles.
I ask: "Why, on what basis it is worth so much?"
I say: "Well, we just need to score, too."
But the kale should not cost more than 80 roubles.
The Far Eastern oysters we buy by weight, but they live 15-20 years, imagine how much weighing their shell?
For it turns out that this суперделикатес.
It seems that Russian suppliers is one of the main sources of страшилок for foreign chefs.
The story: "The first three months everything was okay, then the quality has dropped."
The main claims: Russian suppliers could not sustain stable caliber and quality.
Many European restaurants do not know that they will come to an end when the reserves of cheese
Photo: Alexander Миридонов, Kommersant
Санкционное menu
On 6 August, President Vladimir Putin signed a decree applying specific economic measures to ensure the security of Russia, which is basically food sanctions.
The country banned import of beef, pork, a by-product from meat and poultry, meat, fish, shellfish, milk, yogurt, cheese, cheese, vegetables, fruit, nuts, sausage and sugar syrups.
Restaurants have begun jockeying seems with suppliers: Food prices have increased, we must urgently seek counterparts from other countries.
This will affect the most expensive restaurants with монокухней France, Italy, Spain, in which products supplied directly from "motherships" countries.
Общепиту activities and had been before.
For example, when, at the beginning of 2014, the Rosselkhoznadzor banned the import of Australian beef, and the year before - the American and Canadian meat.
In return, the suppliers have supplies of beef from Argentina, Uruguay and New Zealand.
But sanctions лета-2014 were far more serious.
However, on August 20, Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev approved amendments to the president's decree, which lifted the ban on Atlantic salmon and trout fry безлактозное seed potatoes, milk, sugar, corn, peas and onions for replanting.
The Italian transfer hopes that sanctions might still смягчиться.
As long as there is uncertainty in terms of restaurants.
According to the company's "East-West", one of the world's largest suppliers of imported products in the premium segment accounted for up to 70%.
"Expensive restaurants may change menus under that produce local farmers and other countries," says Sergei Mironov, another, owner of the agency "Рестконсалт."
If a chef, for him it's not going to be a problem.
But we have very little of these cooks, and the development of new menu items may take two to three months.
Тригель Brasserie restaurant from "The Bridge" is ready to give up: From 10-15% to dishes, yet half the menu, recycle.
In restaurants with a kitchen are starting to replace dishes, for example steak from marble beef - on бефстроганов, says Sergei Mironov.
"Cheeses from Europe can be replaced with Russian, Belarusian cheeses and cheeses from Serbia, Argentina, Tunisia, Chile," lists the "East-West" Oksana Глибчук.
Cream and milk products from Europe have counterparts in Russia and Belarus.
Chicken from the United States may be replaced by a chicken from Russia and Belarus, salmon and salmon from Norway, the park is surrounded by семгой, from Belarus, and Chile.
The absence of vegetables and fruits of European production may be at the expense of domestic manufacturers, proposals from Serbia, Moldova and China.
According to Mironov, rebuild their network components will be easier than премиальному segment: There is unlikely to be able to distinguish between the Reeperbahn, went to Italian моцареллу from Russian.
Although it is difficult to have institutions Ginza Project, he says.
The Ginza Project a few dozen restaurants under different brands and with their own menu.
The replacement will take plenty of time, "said Mironov.
In Ginza refused to comment, citing a lack of owners in the country.
The owners of Café Caucasian and Central Asian cuisine stress that products from the former Soviet republics ароматнее European
But a lot and restaurants, which are virtually sanctions will not come to pass.
These include schools with kitchen CIS: Georgian, Uzbek, Armenian and Azerbaijani.
"The Georgian kitchen no expensive products," says Хатуна Колбая Saperavi, owner of the Georgian restaurants and cafes "Vai мэ!."
All cheeses for us to do in Russia, the basis of many dishes - chicken fillets, exotic herbs we don't use. "
The establishments until Колбаи removed from the menu of a single cuisine.
Timur colon, owner of the restaurants "high-born N1" with Uzbek cuisine, sanctions also might alert: He will have to change not only the новозеландскую sausages.
If Russia our owned imports from Uzbekistan, Azerbaijan and Kazakhstan, we even win in price, for us it will be cheaper than imports from Europe, "he says.
From the CIS can be cheaper to get engineering, sausages, tomatoes, cucumbers, fruit.
At the same time, what brought from Central Asia, far better than "plastic" from Italy, Spain and Turkey.
The Uzbek tomatoes all know that they are tasty, sweet.
The Spanish one doesn't say so.
After the sanctions representative Минсельводхоза Uzbekistan Олимбой Артыков said that plans to increase export плодовоовощной products in Russia doubled by 2016.
Of its intention to replace the European imports in Russia almost immediately after the sanctions said Belarus and Kazakhstan.
Restaurants now that responded to the query, "too pretty" 's calmly respond to sanctions.
McDonald's press service said that localization exceeds 85 per cent, and the network is working with 160 Russian suppliers.
According to Tatyana Богдановой, head of the department for work with suppliers in public areas, about 80% of the food network buys in Russia, although there may be temporary difficulties with supplies of vegetables and increased prices for meat products that produce from the imported raw materials.
In "Теремке" санкционные products "in general were not more than 4%.
"The sanctions have not and лапшичную Воккер."
KFC, Burger King and "Крошка Картошка" on request "" do not's, but other market participants said that the degree of localization of Burger King is substantially less than the McDonald's.
In the absence of Norwegian fish restaurant operators are willing to buy more than glad to present you our excellent Russian чилийскую
At its горбуше
In the meantime, restaurant operators complain that prices are rising because of the increasing demand for local products.
"On products for" sticking points "prices increased on average by 10-15%, for the Italian restaurant" Cherry M & E "- twice," says another Roman Рожниковский.
Even Georgian restaurants in the cost of food will rise by 5-10%, concedes Колбая.
"East-West" denies this: "For example, the Belarusian milk products since August prices by 10-15 percent."
"Brazilian suppliers raised prices for pork twice," complains Sergei Cancer, deputy director general of "Стардогс."
Chicken legs rose by 35%.
Expect prices from China, maybe they остудят hot Brazilian head.
In the near future in the "routine" Стардогсе will increase prices by 8%.
Now, and so very undesirable to raise prices, "says Cancer.
According to statistics, catering revenue growth for the second quarter of 2014, just 1.8%.
This is the smallest rate since 2010.
Retail prices will rise further, he admits, but it is unclear how quickly: While most restaurateurs запаслось products over the next two months, hoping to wait out their purchase prices.
But that would be two months, nobody knows.
On the square in front of the city hall of Moscow is worth a dozen places, greenery and trees.
In the center of the stage, the musicians play a waltz.
It is a festival of regional products with a funny name "there is time there."
"We generally have long wanted to do a celebration of local food, and then just sanctions, we поторопились, organized the festival," said one of the organizers.
Behind the scenes with the musicians повар-грек Анастас prepares salad of pasta and homemade candy, the other day was a master class in the British Library карамелизированными cooking apples.
All of Russian products that assure the organisers.
In tents - the achievements of the Russian economy.
Honey from Bashkiria, venison from Salekhard, vegetables from Совхоза name for "Lenin", the Italian's Jay Клоуза обрусевшего cheeses.
"Salmon for restaurants, you can easily substitute other salmon fish species from the Far East," says the owner of the fish shop "his people" Philip Galkin.
We are catching it, and нерку горбушу, is "royal salmon."
Yes, they are not as fat as the Norwegian salmon, because it is wild fish.
Norwegian salmon is the same aquaculture.
It into your hands - he doesn't even stirs.
But in the hands of our Asia Pacific salmon you don't retain.
Only institutions without special claims agree to replace the Italian моцареллу domestic
In the window of his шатра биркой lie with shrimp, cod, "Magadan" Square, муксун, mussels with Crimea, a manager with the Far East.
Galkin is confident that it is time to move on fish from the Far East.
According to statistics, fishing in Russia in 2013 - more than 4 million tons, a substantial portion of fish goes to Japan, Korea and even in the United States.
Imports of fish in 2013-м - about 800,000 tonnes.
Shop "his people" working in 2012, sells fish through the online store, before sanctions served another half dozen restaurants, such as "Simple things."
Now the proposal has received from Галкину 15 restaurants.
The same land mass could be done from our fish, "he горячится.
We заморочились, try different recipes.
Sushi is now selling through the retailer in a million roubles a month.
Our fish cheaper in a few times, and delivery is a maximum of 15 rubles per kilogram.
The confirmation of the tent bears me prepare a portion of "Philadelphia" with кетой.
Unlike the rolls with семгой these have longer chew, but knowing that this fish, native to our forces.
On the website of the shop "his people" have even note from палтуса and sea-bass.
In суши-барах, however, replace the Norwegian salmon prefer Chilean.
Galkin explains that поварам laziness by inventing new recipes with fish.
"The Russian fish suppliers we haven't offered," gives its explanation owner Killfish Bar Dmitri Evseev.
About the same situation with other products: Russian producers would take the vacant niche, but it doesn't happen.
According to the founder and co-owner of the project Boris LavkaLavka Sirota, now we can talk about eliminating ozone imports from Europe and America imports from China, Israel and Latin America.
There are large multinational corporations, which have a powerful logistics and big volumes.
They can quickly replace blocked imports, in contrast to our farmers.
The ban will benefit from the first major producers in other countries, "says Akimov.
However, in the past month ресторанная industry received more alarming than food sanctions.
According to the results of the audits of supplementary Rospotrebnadzor was temporarily suspended operations of three McDonald's in Moscow and two regional businesses in Stavropol and Yekaterinburg.
"We are studying the essence of claims claims to determine the actions necessary to open the restaurants for visitors," said "Деньгам" in McDonald's.
No one really knows what will happen.
If everyone limited food sanctions, this is one way that you can survive, "he said on condition of anonymity, a restaurant consulting company.
If you begin to close the McDonald's across the country, the scenario is completely different.
"Instead of" европротокол Inspection Help
Payments can be made without reference to the non traffic - so the Central Bank intends to stimulate the implementation in Russia "европротокола."
The Bank of Russia has developed the draft guidance, according to which, on 1 September this year to receive payments on the non застрахованный when you can do it without help.
This, however, is only about cases where the accident was framed by "европротоколу" without the participation of the traffic police.
That is when the accident took place only two cars, there is no physically affected persons, damage does not exceed the limit and both drivers have reached a consensus on who the culprit of the accident.
With the August 2 limit payments on "европротоколу" constitutes 50 thousand rubles and, on 1 October in Moscow, St Petersburg and in the Moscow and Leningrad areas he will be increased to 400 thousand rubles.
The point is that sometimes, even with minor damage, in a situation where you can get on the road, "" европротоколу drivers trapped in an accident, causing Smith.
Because if there is a policy to refund without him on the non Help STSI was impossible.
Parameters laid out in the draft guidelines, designed to eliminate this obstacle in the way of implementing "европротокола" in Russia.
According to them, the maximum payout for non in connection with the accident, without the police, must not be lower than the limit on "европротоколу."
But at the same time, it may not be, and above the limit specified in the agreement, non insurance.
The idea, of course, useful and theoretically capable of relieving both its employees and roads.
But, most likely, it didn't come in elation nor motorists, nor insurers.
The last now talk about a serious threat to the growth of the fraud, which can result in the introduction of new rules for non payment.
As for the drivers, it's hard to imagine what kind of work will have to be done to overcome as a Russian conservatism.
In most cases, the driver would be hours to wait for the inspectors to make minor accident, because the lock.
And it remains to be seen what will be simpler - beat swindlers or convince drivers in reliability "европротокола."
Savings certificate will be registered and irrevocable offer
The Finance Ministry wants to block savings certificates to the bearer, but will allow banks to do their analogue безотзывного contribution.
The Finance Ministry is preparing a bill that would prohibit savings certificates to the bearer.
Lately, this tool is gaining popularity, as rates here are higher than on bank deposits.
The fact is that savings certificates on the bearer not the bank deposit insurance system, and they are cheaper because they don't have to make payments to the Fund Deposit Insurance Agency (pointed out).
Successfully situation in the fact that this step will be taken because of the small and medium-sized banks, spreading such certificates, and suffer from Sberbank and Bank of Moscow, which, according to estimates pointed to control 98% of the level of the market.
With the Bank of Moscow, according to the agency, which is about 3.5%.
The problem, pointed out, the explanation lies in the fact that customers bought a small bank, such a certificate, in case of license revocation is trying to get money from him in pointed out.
Some depositors, not having sufficient financial literacy and buying bearer savings certificates, may assume that their investment is insured.
The absence of reasonable insurance payments on these certificated in case of license revocation the bank can lead to misunderstandings and social tensions.
In practice, the agencies were cases when holders предъявительских certificates to seek indemnities through the court, "he said in a pointed out.
The problem, of course, made-up.
The certificates pay buyers still nobody will, because under the law they have no right to compensation from the State.
If the case was that the instrument is insured in pointed, together with him and would have banned metal accounts, which means citizens are in grams of one of four metals: Gold, silver, platinum and palladium.
Since these accounts do not fall into a system of deposit insurance, but their existence until nobody deprives.
It is likely that the bearer certificates are a very convenient certifying that actually can act in the role of квазиденег.
At the same time, their movements is not amenable to control: Almost every bank customer can buy a certificate to every citizen, and to putting this certificate can change a lot of owners.
It is no coincidence that the draft that savings certificate must be issued in paper value, which must be stored in depositories.
And that ’ s one banks such certificates be permitted to manufacture without the right to early repayment.
We have introduced similar безотзывного contribution, which has long been a dream of the bankers.
NATO summit: The first protests in Нюьпорте and Cardiff
The weekend protests were those who opposed the NATO summit in Newport.
On Saturday, hundreds gathered in the center tried to march against NATO.
And at Cardiff on Sunday, about 150 people gathered at the Town Hall Кардиффа on what was described as антисаммит.
Steven Фэйрклау watched for developments for us throughout the weekend and talked with the protesters, who have come from everywhere: From Бридженда to Belgium.
Germany will send to Iraq 30 anti-tank systems
Germany will supply weapons to Iraq to counter fighters from the terrorist group "Islamic State," says August 31, ITAR-TASS reported, citing the decision taken at the end of the meeting, of representatives of the governments of the Federal Republic of Germany, led by Chancellor Angela Merkel.
It is reported that Germany would send to Iraq 30 portable anti-tank missile complexes in Milan and 500 weapons to them, as well as eight thousand and G3 assault rifles to design special innovative mufflers.
Deliveries will be made until the end of September.
In addition, Iraq has decided to allocate 50 million euros in humanitarian aid.
On September 1, Ms Merkel will be in the Bundestag with government statement on this subject.
So far Germany has not supplied their weapons in "hot spots."
Opinions of the Federal Republic of Germany over sending Iraqis weapons were divided.
Some believe that the only way to stop the fighters from the "Islamic State", others fear that these weapons could eventually fall into the hands of terrorists.
Militias destroyed so much Ukrainian at the patrol boat in Sea of Azov
The patrol boat destroyed so much Ukrainian militias in Donetsk in the Sea of Azov, Itar-Tass reported on August 31.
According to available data, this has happened to the ferry Gulf near populated areas and Широкино Безыменное (10-20 km east of Mariupol.
A number of Ukrainian media report some two Coast Guard boats.
Adding that the incident occurred today at about 16: 20 Moscow time.
The teenagers were taken away by helicopter with Clare Valley
Two подростка-бушуокера were delivered by helicopter to a safe place after night by trapping itself in Blue Mountains of New South Wales.
16-year-old girl and an 18-year-old young man went to hike shortly after noon on Sunday in the ceremonial Говеттс Блэкхите.
Concerned family members called the police around 8 p.m., when they had not returned home.
Has been sent to the search group, which included local police and rescue unit, and the pair have about 11 p.m. near a waterfall брайдал Weil.
The girl damaged knee, and the young man fell and another bruise his head.
The officers stayed with the couple for the night, and they raised лебедке on Monday morning.
They took them away by ambulance in a stable condition in hospital while the Blue Маунтинз.
Met two Union
The talks in Minsk Summit has not solved the problems for which they were called back, but has also produced a new format: The first face of the European Union met with the chief executives of the Eurasian future
The disturbing drift and let the (the situation around Ukraine отлагательств does not tolerate), the leaders of the EU and Customs Union for the first time discussed a number of "hot issues."
It is capable of such a structure to work effectively, it is not clear; but it is clear who took the cream from that summit.
Questions on this one evening on August 26, when the Belarusians, and after them and other евразийцы with Europeans saw change the new President Lukashenko.
The Belarusian leader revealed example отточенной учтивости, it was the behavior of a man who had just caught the jackpot - and is planning a decent old age in high society.
As Maidan Lukashenko helped
The arrival in Minsk just three main European commissioners (of the EU), who met with Mr. Lukashenko and allowed him to speak at the final briefing on their behalf -- not just легитимация president for the past 20 years.
This is an application for recognition of a full-fledged subject of European policy, and a major campaign of the Ukrainian crisis.
A senior analyst at the Institute for Strategic Studies Denis Мельянцов sure: From now on, Brussels can't already speak with Minsk in the same tone as before.
"What Catherine Ashton met face to face with Lukashenko, gives reason to believe that the relationship with the EU will be размораживаться and beyond," he said "Огоньку."
This is the hidden part of the iceberg: Preparing to push the Belarusian authorities began long before November Maidan in Kiev - summer 2013-го.
"The results have been achieved and the EU is the successful negotiations on visa facilitation and readmission, dialogues about modernization," lists interlocutor of Ogonyok which -- and with the United States were held talks on international security.
States even took a little bit of sanctions.
As regards the Ukrainian events, then they and their reaction to the Belarus leadership only invoked another influx this process.
Minsk, on the one hand, managed to preserve relations with Ukraine are warm enough, not much to lose in mutual trade, and President Poroshenko could come to Belarus for talks.
On the other hand, the Belarusian leader, who admitted not de jure to Russia's annexation of Crimea and urged to punish pro-Russian militia-men in Donbas with all severity, and quarreled with Moscow.
Minsk has not released any of the Customs Union, nor from the Collective Security Treaty Organization, and sometimes it is placed in a Russian air base.
Brussels and Washington have noticed a balanced position of Minsk to the Ukrainian issue - and appreciated her confident Belarusian experts.
How successful will the movement to Lukashenko's political diversification, will be seen by how often in the near future to meet in Minsk доведется EU + TC.
The press office of the EU High Representative for Foreign Policy Catherine Ashton and diplomacy have failed to answer questions about what Brussels wants from the relationship in a new format.
A spokesman for Ashton said only "Mayan Косьянчич Огоньку" that decisions on issues of war and peace, this issue is not a priority.
At the same time, there are reports that following a meeting on the Ukraine issue, with the participation of the people in the new format may be, and Kazakhstan.
A drop of tar in Minsk was the statement of President Nursultan Nazarbayev, in which he admitted that about him, it turns out, personally asked representatives of the European Union.
Nevertheless, at the final briefing Alexander Lukashenko made it clear: All sides are not opposed to Minsk remained a central platform for meeting both Россия--ОБСЕ--Украина format, and at the level of Heads of State and high representatives of the European Commission.
This means that "the last dictator in Europe" рукопожатного acquires the status of a European leader who helps solve a global problem.
Farmer's best friend
Already the EU delegation included еврокомиссаров on trade and energy, pushed to the conclusion: The main underlying reason for the summit -- not the tragic situation in the Donbas, and economy.
In fact, сверстанное meeting schedule future talks on the gas supply and to overcome the fear of the CU in the association agreement between Ukraine and the EU looks like an achievement and more extensive than peace declaration without specific dates and numbers.
Trade Commissioner Karl De Гюхт, nevertheless, fax: EU officials "arrived in Minsk seek solution to the political crisis which has economic consequences, and not vice versa."
It seems, however, that the economy and the crisis in Ukraine "works" in Belarus.
Its consequences - and above all reciprocal sanctions from the West and Russia - give Minsk, who until he feels санкционное pressure, with room for maneuver.
According to the leader of the Mises Research Centre, Belarus Yaroslav Ramanchuk, European investors are actively interested in opportunities to Belarus for the supply of agricultural products to the Russian Federation in bypassing sanctions.
At the same time, schemes are supply, for which President Vladimir Putin at the summit пожурил Minsk.
"Billions of these schemes," said Romanchuk "Огоньку," are not the Belarusian businessmen and Russian companies.
They worked on a scheme for the supply of goods, including from Poland, Germany, Lithuania, and today these schemes were destroyed.
Russian businesses urgently need to somehow restore them, even through the mediation of the Belarusian authorities.
The second story, "the expert continues," is linked to the fact that many Ukrainian companies are not away to Belarus in the production of raw materials as well as focusing on the Russian market.
Ukrainian producers have about 4 billion of exports to Russia, and the Belarusian производственно-торговые scheme now could prove very popular. "
According to Ramanchuk, the role of the host site for the negotiations between the EU and the TC is ideal for Lukashenko and from the point of view of the development of economic ties with Europe.
He recalls that the loss of the agricultural sector of the EU sanctions against Moscow are estimated at 5-10 billion euros, and the Commission is currently proposed аграриям only 125 million euros in compensation.
The Belarusian president could offer to Brussels to work together to minimise the consequences for еврофермеров.
This could raise the authority of Lukashenko to the EU to unprecedented heights.
Hospitality without initiatives
Catherine Ashton thanked the authorities for the initiative for the summit.
But the paradox is that the Minsk from his active role in the birth of TC + EU открещивается format, and the Belarusian leader at a meeting with Ukrainian counterpart emphasized that the new format and it was Kiev.
"It was your suggestion to come without навала discuss, not with бухты-барахты decide, after signing the Association Agreement with the EU, to sort out the situation, which at the time was in Ukraine," he remonstrated before the cameras to Peter Poroshenko.
However, observers interpreted it as an attempt to calm the rumours that she was originally against the intermediation of Minsk, which greatly increases his political weight.
In Belarusian diplomatic establishment try to stress that cooperation between the EU and Belarus in organizing the TC did not pursue a lucrative target, but the ultimate goal of this format in the future is the creation of a single economic space from Lisbon to Vladivostok.
"This is absolutely in the spirit of those concepts which, in other areas, in particular in the field of security, proposes and promotes the leadership of our strategic ally, the Russian Federation," the Foreign Ministry said "Огоньку" Belarus, which lately has been carefully select words.
In Moscow could be close to the zone
Moscow considers the option of introducing zones to close as a method of combating year central roads by analogy with other major cities around the world, reports citing М24.ru заммэра Moscow on matters of transport, Maxim Ликсутова.
One option, which has proven itself a surcharge entry.
It is the expert opinion, we will examine it, take a look at all of the minuses and pluses.
We talk about the fact that, on this occasion taken any decisions until early, "said Ликсутов.
Заммэра emphasized that for authorities is very important experience of Asian cities, which are similar in structure and busy with Moscow.
One of the decisions taken in these countries, is already exercised by the construction of the ring road, Ликсутов added.
Recently, since the Central ring road project is an example of the fact that not all traffic pass through Moscow.
If there was sufficient infrastructure объезда, you don't need to have transit traffic in Moscow, "said заммэра.
Maxim Ликсутов also said that the introduction of paid parking significantly разгрузило metropolitan streets.
And, in his words, authorities do not plan to stop there.
On August 26, the capital's mayor, Sergey Sobyanin take part in the ceremony, laying the first building complex in Central Moscow ring road (ЦКАД).
Boredom sinful
Frank Miller and Robert Rodriguez film "City грехов-2: Woman, for which it did not kill" the revolution, which could be expected from him.
The first "City of sins" (2005), at minimum, but symbolic, the participation of Tarantino, a revolution in the relationship between movies, comic books and literary нуаром.
The sequel is revolutionary in its own way, too: In the sense that it erodes fundamental to modern thinking chain "thesis - антитезис" synthesis "(if you understand as a thesis and antithesis нуара universe, the cosmos - comic books).
From now on, it should read: "Thesis - антитезис" chaos. "
"The city and the драматургическом хаотичен грехов-2", and the philosophical level, both times he was in a bad mood хаотичен sense of the word.
Yes, the characters are familiar for the first part of "City," although, behold, громила Марв Рурк (Mickey), I remember, had finished the life in the electric chair, and then, nothing, just to rile people up and, in the role of этакого дружинника - from air knives and axes удавками.
But old men literally расталкивают elbows newcomers like вломившиеся into the city from some other movie, about the meaning and plot which spectators are asked not to worry.
Thus, a story, an interesting place for authors of his clothes tattered and torn, суперудачливого player Johnny (Joseph Gordon-Levitt's).
Editorial - похотливо-фригидной Eve Lord (Eva Green) and her for something мстящего Dwight (Josh Бролин).
But this confusion, in which Dwight in, say, a person not to distinguish from Johnny, the more that person, as well as other parts of the body, with characters demolishing implacable arming regularity, "not a problem, and not even only half the problem.
It's not people, we understand that this is a fatal flaw: Archetypes нуара smoothly, too confident player угодивший медовую trap "sex," the detective, corrupt упырь-сенатор.
Oh, and as an archetype and an archetype погоняет вальсирует with an archetype, it is no longer a movie, or read that abstract painting.
Abstract painting and ask questions about the logic of the story is simply ridiculous.
Besides, even in this суматошном world is something permanent.
Ppg fighting from the first "City" still keep circular defense from their native осаждающих slums forces of darkness.
Yes and no, the ghost of detective Хартигана and came to light, and for Bruce Willis it's always nice to look at.
The main problem, "Cities грехов-2" is another.
Frank Miller was good, because both comic and нуар рисовальщик bed joined, and as a director, turned an idea of how comic books to the screen.
Comic and нуар - two aggressively opposing "reality."
Localized phenomenon in modern form was born in the late 1920s, at the same time, when novels Дэшила Хэммета computer "harvest" (1929), "went" (1930) and "Стеклянный key" (1931), then a canon нуара именовавшегося hard-boiled converge - "cool school".
Well, or other defects.
41 presented many dozens of comic books heroes: From baked пожирателя морячка Попая - giving him богатырскую force, Batman and Superman Returns, Dick Tracy to сыскаря Халка, Thor, Spider-Man and other "мстителей."
But in any movies based on comic book characters: There was something ущербное stubbornly unwilling обрастать on-screen flesh remained притворяшками willy-nilly around them in the "real" world.
Put simply, they were left without "existence."
Нуар, in contrast, the most existential genre of world literature.
After the world wars - with the traditional novel experiences, personalities, family scandals and historical background - has lost all credibility.
What Форсайты Тибо Ругон-Маккары, and which even Болконские мыслимы Вердена attended and, after all, of Auschwitz and Hiroshima?
This novel very peacefully in the format of the soap opera, and criminal - that is, by definition, a novel возвысился marginal to the level of philosophical prose.
Hammett found out the hard way that such work санитаром at the front.
He was a communist.
As, incidentally, were at least close to the Communist Party and such pillars of genre writers as Horace McCoy and Jim Thompson, the directors of FAB, Edward, Joseph Лоузи Дмитрик.
However нуар archetype, they asked, firstly, rude and cynical, and secondly - purely социален.
It is almost never an American version of Socialist Realism.
The first "City of sins" was remarkable is the fact that desperate, but organically connected with comic нуаром.
For the first time at the screen came alive at this point, no comic borrowed their graphic nature, and never pretended to be a "real" film.
Darkness sales around the world, where Cardinal order killings, but Senator wrapped monstrous сына-садиста, was entirely worthy of the pen Хэммета.
But scenic parts such as heads, which imitated садист декорировал his pen a tune, the genius of James Ellroy, author of "Black orchids" and better - that is stated тошнотворного неонуара is representative.
"The city грехов-2" is not even retreat, and the capitulation of radical style Миллера--Родригеса tradition before the search.
Perhaps, in many ways, it was due to 3D technology.
When looking at the "City of sins," consider yourself to be a prisoner in a glass ball, inside the snow falls asleep клоаку toy.
However, more often than not it's not the snow, and bloody ошметки but by and large, what's the difference?
Well water and there is nothing to talk about.
It will only be possible when, somewhere, in some places we have at times, albeit on the sidelines of dirty swamps, but there are the normal world, where you can bring the curve пошедшую carpet girl or, say, to say that her parents murmured Valley punished.
When, in the city of sin, there is no place for anything except sin, and sin no грех-то already, but the norm.
Boring, as every norm.
Chaos Cities грехов-2 "simply dull."
For the sake of justice domestic car given to this small, but перчинку. Sin.
Captions are warning: Contains harmful smoking scenes in the film.
In relation to drastically in the Vegetarian episode which man щипцами break fingers, it gives at humor.
Хэммету would have liked.
French Socialists should 'capture and lead France to order, "says a key ally Фрасуа contend
Mr Валль called deeply разделившиеся left-wing forces "demonstrate relevance" to a prisoner who attacked президенту-социалисту, whose reshuffle does not have the approval of the vast majority of the French.
Every president deserves respect, he deserves our loyalty, he deserves our support.
"It is our duty to remain with him," he said, prompting applause.
As a gesture of reconciliation, the Prime Minister insisted that his government will not put into question the controversial 35-hour week in France, in spite of past conflict proposals, it should weaken the rules made Эммануэлем Макроном, the new economy minister, earlier this week.
On Saturday Mr Hollande pleaded with his comrades in the Socialist party to remain "united" with the government.
However, Christian Тобира юситции, Minister, put the stick in the wheel when it came to meeting dissenting members of Parliament from the Socialist Party and those Socialist party for the fact that she has allowed the French "lose faith in the future."
Dayton Пе III, the leader of the extreme right National Front, expressed contempt for the permanent internal conflicts among Socialists, saying that it is not that the new government Валля lasts longer than a few months.
Francois Hollande the king is naked, and naked Prince Manuel Валль, forced to collect the new government, when the former not продержалось and summer.
"And also won't last autumn and winter," said Ms. Peng III told reporters.
She reiterated her party's call for the dissolution of Parliament, saying that she was confident that the Party could easily win the elections and is ready to run.
France's ruling party suffered a defeat in the March municipal elections, and the extreme right National Front came first in EU elections in May.
The poll of Sunday's Journal du GLUGHH found that 76 percent of the French believe that the Socialist Party is in danger of unravelling on several соперничающий factions before the end of the term, Mr. Zedillo in 2017.
Pascal Perrineau, a political scientist from the University Сьянс Nationwide, warned that the French quickly lose patience if the new socialist government cannot improve the economy and record unemployment.
"It has a little time, but public opinion needs to be quickly feel that something is changing," he warned.
Otherwise, the situation could be even worse.
"A city without drugs" was left without any claim
We Arbitration Court upheld without consideration of the lawsuit распорядительной Directorate of the Ministry of Regional Management company to fund "City Without Drugs."
Agency intended to organize more than 7 million rubles as payment for the rental of buildings in the center of Yekaterinburg.
However, the plaintiff twice has not appeared in court.
The Sverdlovsk Region Arbitration Court today upheld a claim of executive directors of the Ministry of State Property (Competition) to fund "City Without Drugs" (one of the founders - the mayor of Yekaterinburg Eugene Ройзман).
Representatives of regional authorities intended to recover the organization with 7.3 million rubles as payment for the rental of the building.
Today, it became known that the plaintiff twice has not appeared in court, and the decision was taken to refuse to consider.
The reason for the absence of representatives of the Competition Directorate could not clarify, head of the legal department Maxim Titov not answered phone calls.
With representatives of the fund also failed to communicate.
Remember, we are talking about the mansion, which had held the fund in the city centre on the street, for 19 at no cost since 2011.
Such a decision was taken by Alexander экс-губернатором Мишариным.
In November 2012, распорядительная Property Directorate of the Ministry of the Sverdlovsk region filed a lawsuit in an arbitration court we fund for eviction from the building.
According to the suit, the agency required a court to declare the contract through a особняка-памятника незаключенным gratis.
According to the Competition Directorate, the agreement had not been recorded significant conditions on the rental of an object of cultural heritage.
We offer an arbitration court rejected the suit, then 17, was appealed to the arbitration court in Perm, which was granted.
Then, in the same court fund appealed against the decision, which was left without meeting, after which the decision was challenged by the Supreme Arbitration Court, but the court accepted the Directorate.
In 2013 was awarded a new lease agreement under which the fund again began to pay her rent, told the head of the city of Eugene Ройзман.
The rent was appointed 300,000 roubles a month.
The previous administration handed us this building in charge, acknowledging our achievements in the fight against drugs, in a sign of respect for the Fund.
The current administration has decided differently, "he said.
Tatiana Дрогаева, Yekaterinburg
Why mayor of Yekaterinburg offered to leave voluntarily
On July 24, the candidate of the United Russia conceded second Yekaterinburg Municipal Duma deputy mayor Alexander Косинцев suggested the city's Municipal Duma Speaker Evgenia Ройзману to resign.
The occasion was a criminal case in relation to who was arrested on suspicion of murdering пенсионерки Municipal Duma deputy associate Oleg Кинева, is considered Mayor.
As Evgenia Ройзману have a criminal case
On July 1, became aware of a criminal investigation "slander" (Article 128.1) of the Criminal Code in Yekaterinburg Mayor Eugene Ройзмана.
This was reported by the Ministry of Interior in the Sverdlovsk region, where she turned with a corresponding declaration of general legal centre "Protection" Anna Filatov.
She said that Mr. Ройзман accused her in his blog entries in that it involved crimes that allegedly made her former spouse.
The mayor of Yekaterinburg is convinced that "this is yet another attempt to avenge the truth."
The iPhone will make in the wallet
In the run-up to the 9 September, when Apple will unveil its new design, new leaks in the press are all about what we can expect from the presentation.
Citing sources, the American media reported that the sixth generation iPhone will be equipped with a mobile wallet feature as a result of a joint project of Apple and payment systems Visa, MasterCard and American Express.
According to Bloomberg, and specialized интернет-ресурса Re / code, the presentation of new products on September 9, Apple also may announce joint project with Visa, MasterCard and American Express, resulting in a new smartphone, the iPhone 6 will feature a mobile wallet.
The company reject any comments on this matter.
This feature allows you to perform payment in cash, with the help of a smartphone.
Payment identification will be carried out by the user questions on his finger using the Touch ID.
It is reported that the iPhone will have NFC technology built for the first time from the field (1970), which lets you make payments using contact-free smartphone and corresponding считывающего devices on hand.
The NFC technology will be available through special микропроцессору from Dutch high-tech NXP (former Philips Semiconductors).
For the first time feature NFC was back in 2004 in the framework of the cooperation between companies from Sony, Nokia, Philips Semiconductors and over a hundred other companies included in the so-called NFC Forum - Association for promoting this technology.
The first phone with NFC, was released by Nokia in 2006.
The first Android smartphone with NFC - Samsung Nexus S - was introduced in 2010.
In May 2011 Google introduced Google were born, allows users to strap their cards to their Google account and pay using a smartphone to Android.
However, American experts emphasize that, despite large investments in high-technology companies promoting the technology of NFC, American retailers are still cautious attitude to innovation and not too willing to spend money on equipment of its stores of such systems.
So now observers are hoping that Apple's entry into this market will force retailers to implement this technology and accelerate more actively in their own retail outlets.
The French Foreign Ministry said Paris's position relative to Russia supplies Мистралей "hasn't changed"
French Foreign Ministry spokesman said about Nadal Ромэн unchanging position regarding the delivery of Russian helicopter carriers going. "
"I can remind you of the statement by the President of the Republic (François) made them in an interview with the newspaper Le Monde on August 20:" Today the sanctions do not prevent the delivery.
It is the Europeans, not France, "RIA Novosti quoted Mr. Nadal's forehand". "
A spokesman for the French Foreign Ministry responded to a question about whether the deterioration of the situation does not impact on changing position on Ukraine, for the implementation of this contract
For more information about the supply of helicopter carriers to Russia, read a magazine article "demonstration" is going to be "almost."
Ukraine's Security Council: Over the past day in the zone of military operations killed seven servicemen
A spokesman for Ukraine's National Security and Defense Council, Andriy Lysenko, said that over the past day in the zone of hostilities in the eastern part of the country killed seven Ukrainian servicemen, another 25 were wounded.
The situation is extremely difficult under Иловайском.
Until the operation is completed the withdrawal of troops from the entourage, details оглашаться will not.
Upon completion of the transaction will be made public data on the losses and the reasons for the current situation.
Those responsible in the event of such a situation will bear responsibility, "added Mr Lysenko, refusing to further discuss the situation under Иловайском, where several Ukrainian battalions into the environment.
According to the NSDC, "done everything possible to return soldiers who found themselves in captivity", reports ITAR-TASS.
Mr Lysenko also said that Ukrainian military departed from the airport) in the direction of the settlement Георгиевка.
For more information about the situation in eastern Ukraine, the Kommersant "Arsene Аваков: The first Ukrainian military out of encirclement by Иловайском."
Norwegian Cruise is approaching $3-миллиардной deal with prestige Cruises
Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd NCHL.O, the third-largest cruise operator in the world, is in the final stage of negotiations on acquiring a similar company, Harrachov Cruises International Inc for about $3 billion, according to people familiar with the situation.
The deal would have provided Norwegian Cruise, a company with a market стоимстью $6.8 billion, with access to courts круизным luxury and wealthy clients, Harrachov Cruises, as it competes with larger rivals, Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd (RCL.N) and Bittersweet Corp (CCL.N).
The agreement could be announced this week, sources said on Sunday, warning that negotiations could still fail.
The owner of the prestige Cruises, a private investment firm Apollo Global Management LLC (APO.N) also owns 20 percent of the shares of Norwegian Cruise.
The sources asked to remain for certain reasons unnamed at present, because the negotiations are not public.
Representatives from the Norwegian Cruise and prestige Cruises has not responded to requests for comment, while a spokesman for Apollo declined to comment on the information.
Norwegian Cruise, based in Miami, runs 13 ships cruise liners for routes covering North America, the Mediterranean, the Baltic Sea, to Central America and the Caribbean.
Her income was $2.57 billion in 2013, 13 percent more than in 2012.
Prestige Cruises, based in Miami, operates under the brands of Regent and Oceania, which together own eight cruise liners, which go to Scandinavia, Russia, the Mediterranean, North America, Asia, Africa and South America.
She said about the income of $1.2 billion in 2013, 6 per cent higher than a year earlier.
It is expected that the $29-миллиардной cruise industry will have a salutary effect in the following years the growth of a middle class in emerging economies, such as China and India.
Companies are rushing to position himself as the cruise operators, preferred these new customers.
Prestige Cruises was incorporated into U.S. regulatory bodies for the initial public offering of shares in January 2014.
Apollo become a major shareholder in the company after the $850-миллионной deal in 2007.
Norwegian Cruise was created as it exists now, in 2000 as a result of the merger with круизным operator, Genting (GENT.KL) конгломерату Bhd., entertainment and a casino, do with toothfish controlled by Malaysian billionaire Lim with Thea.
Apollo invested $1 billion in Norwegian Cruise in 2008.
Norwegian Cruise has turned into a public company in January 2013.
Genting held shares in 28 percent of sales, a 20 per cent stake in Apollo, a private investment company executing Capital LP sales 8 per cent stake in the company, according to a report at the end of June, according to reports.
Bittersweet, Royal Caribbean Cruises, and Norwegian Cruise together account for 82 percent of cruise capacity in North America, according to registration documents at the first public floatation of prestige Cruises.
The orange "Crimea" could get 250 million subsidy
Russia's offer to swamp the state "Crimea" $250 million in 2014.
As the draft resolution of the swamp, located on a single website of disclosure about preparing regulations, subsidies planned to spend "to cover the costs of creating conditions for large-scale public awareness of social and economic situation and development of the modern information space on the territory of the Republic of Crimea."
Also, the money will go to buy equipment, repair roofs and power systems for TV, founded in 1959, according to RIA Novosti.
Activists of the democratic movement in Hong Kong treaty by the Chinese representative on the day after the decision on elections
A group of citizens, loyal to Beijing, stood nearby waving the Chinese flag.
A Standing Committee of the 11th National People's Congress on Sunday identified the procedure, according to which only two or three candidates will be allowed to take part in the election of Hong Kong's leader in 2017.
All the candidates must first obtain the support of the majority of the members of the Committee on the appointment, which will probably be full of Beijing лоялистов.
The decision makes it almost impossible for the democratic opposition to the ballot and made the activists of the democratic movement once again promise to stop the financial center of Hong Kong's "Occupy Central" protests.
Political reform is the main source of tensions in Hong Kong, as the Chinese party leaders fear that the call for democracy will spread to other cities.
Following the publication of Beijing and with the Chinese control over Hong Kong in June, activists of the democratic movement held an unofficial referendum on the ballot in the special administrative region, and hundreds of thousands out in the business center of the town and had a sedentary strike.
A Government briefing Lee of Hong Kong and China's Liaison Office in Hong Kong.
Vice chairman of the 11th National People's Congress Standing Committee Жанг Ронгшун and deputy director of the Hong Kong and Macau Affairs Office of the State Council Feng Вей also were supposed to perform at a series of briefings during the day.
Студенты-активисты stated that they will gather in front of the heads of government of Hong Kong in the afternoon.
Britain is not mentioned on the democratic governance in Hong Kong until the last days of 150 years of colonial rule.
The Israeli authorities intend to attach the 400 hectares of land belonging to Palestinian Authority
Israeli authorities have announced that they will join 400 hectares of land on the west bank of the river Jordan, belonging to the Palestinian Authority.
According to the BBC, the decision to land South Вифлием connected with the desire to repay for the kidnapping and murder of three Israeli teenagers in June this year.
The seizure of territory министрество Israel Defense announced on Sunday and has ordered the military to establish administrative controls on the west coast.
According to a representative of Gaza Саиба Ариката, the international community must hold Israel accountable for the "ongoing does activity on the western bank of the Jordan and in East Jerusalem."
Putin demands from Kiev to start negotiations on the "statehood" of eastern Ukraine
According to Russian news reports about his comments, Russian President Vladimir Putin demanded on Sunday that the Ukrainian government has stopped fighting with separatists in the east of the country and immediately started negotiations on the "statehood" отделившегося region.
His spokesman, Dmitry Peskov, later discloses that Putin had in mind the hint that восточноукраинская territory controlled by separatists will become part of Russia, but that her status within Ukraine should be revised to give русскоговорящему region to protect their rights and interests.
However, Mr Putin's call for the Government to start negotiations with furious government-controlled insurgents as with equal corresponds to the obvious strategy, which he follows from the beginning of the bloodshed five months ago: To help rebels take territory and force the Ukrainian government give новопровозглашенной territory Новороссии de facto independence, to closer ties with Russia rather than with the West.
In an interview with the state-controlled Channel 1 television, Putin condemned the Ukrainian military campaign to return retained in the eastern territory the separatists in Donetsk and Luhansk regions, both of which were seized in March and April, after Moscow be much stricter in Europe Ukrainian peninsula Crimea on March 18.
The Kremlin and the separatists recently named Новороссией captured territory, or New Russia, the name, which refers to the дореволюционным glory days of the Russian empire.
Putin has said that anyone who believes that peace talks will occur in the near future, as Ukrainian politicians to campaign for parliamentary elections on October 26, and while government troops attack peace settlement in detained separatists regions, "пленник illusions," Itar-Tass reported.
"We must immediately begin substantive talks and not only on technical issues, but also on the political organization of society and the public status of Southeast Ukraine, in order to serve the interests of the people living there," he said.
Peskov said that Putin's words about statehood had in mind in the context of a broader autonomy that was discussed during months with leaders in Kiev in an attempt to allay fears in Russian-speaking regions that their cultural and language rights at risk.
Only the government can provide the necessary autonomy to the eastern regions, "said Peskov.
It is not a matter for discussion between Russia and Ukraine, Peskov said, "because this is not a conflict between Russia and Ukraine, and an internal Ukrainian conflict."
The intervention by the Kremlin's press secretary, to "rectify incorrect interpretation of the words" Putin stressed the decision of the Russian leadership to behave towards the separatist rebellion in the east in any other way than to open the seizure of Crimea, where the majority of the population are ethnic Russians 2-миллионного.
Moscow would have to endure much more heavy battle to attach even Луганскую area of eastern Ukraine's Donetsk and, as the majority of the 6.5 million residents are not Russian, and polls before the start of the conflict, showed broad support for the desire to remain inside Ukraine.
Autonomy, which Russian diplomats discussed at international forums gave regional governments in the Ukraine power themselves to trade agreements and foreign policy, in effect giving the Kremlin de facto control over the territory, which would be combined with the situation in the territory of Russia.
The Black Sea peninsula, присоединенном five months ago, is the Russian military fleet, as well as commercial marine institutions and historical sea resorts.
In regions between Russia's Rostov region and the situation also are mines, mills and casting plants that produce the necessary equipment for the Russian army.
Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko has proposed in his inaugural address June 7, to Ukrainian lawmakers after new elections weighed an amendment to the constitution that would allow give отделившимся regions greater control of their finances and the status of the languages.
However, his opinion on autonomy, it seems, is very different from the view of the Kremlin and повстанцев-сепаратистов in weapons, which accuse Moscow of aiding and abetting.
Last call for Putin to Kiev to negotiate with the leaders of the separatists, as with equal, followed by new наступлениями rebels last week after Russian troops and tanks rolled into previously peaceful areas of eastern Ukraine along the Sea of Azov.
Russia supported separatists took control of the city, the occurrence of which Новоазовск officers of the Ukrainian security services say they are afraid that he is starting a campaign to capture the strategic coastal territory to the Crimea.
This led to a large-scale civilian and military efforts to strengthen the neighbouring port of Mariupol, with 500,000 inhabitants, which is located between Новоазовском and narrow 27 on the Crimean peninsula.
Poroshenko on Saturday addressed the meeting of European Union leaders in Brussels to call for measures to prevent further Russian aggression against Ukraine, the former Soviet republic, which was independent of 23 years.
"We are approaching a point of no return came," warned Poroshenko.
Thousands of foreign troops and hundreds of foreign tanks are now on Ukrainian territory.
EU summit had not taken certain measures; leaders urged to draw up a project more harsh sanctions against Russia, which will be taken in the event of any escalation of the Ukrainian crisis.
Ukrainian soldiers were forced to withdraw from their positions in Иловайске after two columns of Russian armored vehicles and 1,000 soldiers last week in the Donetsk region, the greatest difficulties in order to support the separatists, Colonel Андрий Lysenko, a spokesman for the National Security and Defense Council of Ukraine, told reporters in Kiev on Saturday.
The first 63 Ukrainian soldiers who reportedly held in Иловайске as a result of a Russian invasion, the situation on Sunday by 10 Russian авиадесантников, captured on Ukrainian territory, "Lysenko told a week ago Sunday.
The scandal, with naked photos captures Australian celebrities and Габи Greco
Jeffrey Эдельстен expressed his distaste for hackers who may have stolen naked photos of his bride Габи Greco and a whole list of Hollywood stars.
Hollywood in rebellion after a series of explicit photos, which depicted a naked Jennifer Lawrence, hit the internet as a result of large-scale hacker scandal with celebrities.
They say that the hacker responsible for this have some 60 explicit photos of stars "Голодных Games" Lawrence and superstars, including models Kate Upton and Cara Делевинь as Rihanna, singer, Ariane Grande and Лиа Michelle and actress Kirsten Dunst.
Australian actors Teresa Palmer, Emily Browning, Yvonne Страховски and living in Melbourne Greco also, presumably, as a result of the leakage of the photos were stolen from the iCloud.
In a list of 101 celebrities name.
Эдельстен Greco, who made the proposal last month, told Confidential: "It's disgusting."
The private correspondence and photos should remain private.
Terrible that personal information could be stolen and sent to other people.
Greco, who is based in New York, reportedly told news website that the hacker attack was "shameful" and that those with whom she was directed, "feel that they invaded."
It is expected that the hacker has 30 photos of Palmer with former boyfriend Scott Спидменом, including two frame where she is lying by the pool with a naked breast.
Palmer works in movies include "Love and honour" together with Лиамом Хемсвортом.
Palmer, a star of the movie "Chuck" Страховски and actress from "Запрещенного reception" Browning yesterday has not commented on the stolen photos.
A spokesman Lawrence told TMZ: "It is an insulting invasion of privacy."
Actor Seth Rogen, double bass expressed his indignation at the address of the hacker, writing on Twitter: "Post photos, stolen from a mobile phone, in fact, no different from selling краденых goods."
Just from a legal point of view, we cannot tolerate the publication of the stolen photos.
Found a potential way to steal photos of naked celebrities
Mass hacking accounts stars may be waived through a vulnerability in the application Find My Phone.
The potential scenario described resource The Next Web.
The script was published on Github Python, which allowed passwords to match Apple's Find My Phone.
This service allows you to track the location of iPhone.
It is used to access the same bunch of username and password, and the Apple ID to access iCloud, Apple's cloud from which were stolen photographs of celebrities.
The script (by guessing the password to the Find My Phone.
While every possible combination of characters are introduced consistently method, starting with the most frequently used passwords.
Author script, argued that the service number of input options Find My Phone Password indefinitely.
The organization's security system after several unsuccessful attempts to enter the wrong password and account must then notify you of an attempt to hack.
Because of the vulnerability of users who have not received any reports of an attempt to find the password for their account.
Hackers learned from Apple ID password and used it to access iCloud.
According to the Twitter user Hackapp vulnerability was discovered two days ago, on Saturday, and to her written скриптовая program for password guessing.
At the moment, the vulnerability is closed: After five attempts to access the service blocked.
Resource contacted user Hackapp and he noted that this vulnerability persists for many services, but said that does not have evidence that this vulnerability was used to access the account "stars."
It is not I, plz RT
On Twitter the prime minister once again the unwanted record
Although there is no hard evidence about what to steal photos has been exploited a vulnerability in the Find My Phone, has been previously wave of malicious actions using this service.
Hackers перехватывали device management and demanded ransom from the owners.
In that case, Apple told the media that, in this case, the cloud security was not compromised, however, did not perform investigations about how users lost their accounts.
Russia has also previously been hacked Twitter, Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev.
If intruders gained access to iCloud as described above, then there could be stored and the password to the account of the Lab микроблогинга.
Resource The Next Web has not managed to obtain comments regarding the vulnerability in Apple's Find My Phone.
Putin granted Russian citizenship Ukrainian пятиборке
Russian President Vladimir Putin gave Russian citizenship for Ukrainian спортсменке Anna Буряк.
The decree published on the legal profession.
At the beginning of this year, Russia moved to her permanent residence and turned to the Federation of modern пятиборья with a request to give her the opportunity to advocate for the national team of Russia.
In 2013-м she won two stages of the World Cup, won the silver medal at the World Championship in personal and became a three-time world champion in the mixed relay, which is one of the new types of programs in this sport.
She holds a leading position in the current season.
According to the rules, so to speak at Олимпиаде-2016 in Rio de Janeiro, she will have to get special permission of Ukraine's Olympic Committee.
Anna Буряк not the first Ukrainian athlete, сменившая citizenship.
In July, Vladimir Putin decided to extradite a Russian passport шахматистке Catherine Лагно - уроженке Lviv, which is double European champion (2005 and 2008), the блицу (2010) and rapid chess (2014).
In the women's team the Ukraine athlete became a chess Olympiad in Turin (2006), the Astana team Championship (2013), and a team championship of Europe in Warsaw (2013).
СКР stopped in aircraft accident investigation
Russia's Investigative Committee (СКР) stopped criminal investigation disaster Tu-204 airline Red Wings.
The agency.
The decision was made in connection with the death of the commander of the aircraft, and a flight engineer.
The examination revealed that the cause of the accident was excess speed on land, a crew of standard procedures for landing, as well as chronically out engines on the elevated pace of direct thrust.
Jet aircraft carrier Red Wings, flight Prague - Moscow, shipwrecked on 29 December 2012 when landing at Moscow's Vnukovo airport.
The aircraft выкатилось загорелось strip and well-balanced.
At the scene killed the commander of the aircraft, the pilot and бортинженер.
Two бортпроводника were taken to medical facilities, where he later died from his injuries.
Three flight attendants, is still hospitalized with bodily injuries, 18, were held for a long period of treatment.
In addition, grave bodily injury was the driver of a car, the move at the time of the disaster on Киевскому highway.
Passengers on board the aircraft was not.
The prosecutor's office after a disaster for Red Wings checking, during which revealed numerous violations.
In February 2013, the airline's license was suspended.
The company resumed work in the summer of 2013.
Alexander Emelianenko began working out in prison
A famous Russian fighter mixed style 33-летний Alexander Emelianenko, who is in prison on charges of violent actions of a sexual nature against house keeper, fully recovered from injury and has started training.
The "Championship."
In May of this year, Russia's Investigative Committee, Alexander Emelianenko accusation of rape.
The suspect was wanted in the May 9, he was detained in Tambov them after committing a traffic accident, in which he received a hip fracture.
Емельяненко-младший was placed under arrest until 31 August to 1 September was scheduled sentencing.
The court, however, insisted the investigation was transferred, and the extension of detention until 30 September.
In the case of fault of the athlete will be proven, he faces imprisonment for up to six years.
What, brother?
"Contamination" recalls the most scandalous history in a career of Alexander Emelianenko
His last fight Emelianenko spent in January of this year, losing to the technical knockout соотечественнику Dmitry Сосновскому.
Alexander's younger brother, a well-known fighter Fedor Emelianenko.
The latter is a means of world champion in mixed martial arts, other means of vengeance and champion Russia on combat sambo.
Anger has turned out to be the most versatile and functional human emotion
Сердитое expression is biologically universal for mankind, and everyone involved in the creation of his body and the muscle is not fortuitous, but an additional means of expressing power and threat, researchers have found in Australia and the US.
About their discovery, they reported in the journal Evolution and Human Behavior, and briefly about them you can read the press release of the University of California in Santa Barbara.
Гневное expression - by climbing in and running down the eyebrows, lips, the thin line of 'bloated nostrils - equally in all cultures, and make it even blind from birth, children are never who saw, said study lead author Aaron Селл.
As part of a major research project on the nature of the anger, the scientists found that arose this emotion for the effective conduct of disputes during the conflict.
The more physical damage one man can do to another, the greater the opportunity to dictate to him, while he pleads to partner with anger.
The researchers have confirmed their hypothesis: Physically and other powerful people often get angry and switch to pitch invasions, consider themselves entitled to impose other accept unpleasant conditions for them, and they prefer the methods of solving conflicts peacefully.
Starting from that anger is a bargaining emotion "first and foremost," the scientists decided that movements of each of the seven groups of muscles, creating сердитое гневающегося expression, should be an individual more powerful and dangerous in the eyes of the interlocutor, and thereby force as soon as possible to agree to its terms in order to avoid conflict.
To test this hypothesis, the researchers modelled on a computer, where faces or had absent each of seven elements гневного faces, and showed them may be.
Although by climbing in eyebrow or chin forward but shutting down discussion simply means the individual did not face evil, then this man with such traits of more powerful, physically study participants acknowledged unanimously.
Anger as human, and with animals, expresses a threat: An exaggerated manifestation of his own forces, the reaffirmation to agree and to obey.
Man поджимает inflated nostrils and lips with the same goal, and that frog, which надувается or бабуин, which demonstrates their fangs.
"Anger" runs "refusal to accept the situation, and the face immediately takes shape, effectively has demonstrated the opposite side of the consequences of this failure.
But the most striking is that none of the components гневного faces is not arbitrary, they are one and the same, "said anthropologist John Туби.
Swamp proposed to allocate $250 million, "Crimea"
Invited to swamp the federal budget in 2014 from 250 million rubles autonomous nonprofit organization "Телерадиокомпания" Crimea "."
This is stated in the draft resolution prepared by government agency with which it heard about "contamination."
According to the explanatory note to the project, with subsidies from the federal budget will be directed "to cover the costs of creating conditions for large-scale public awareness of social and economic situation and development of the modern information space on the territory of the Republic of Crimea, including the acquisition of equipment."
In particular, the allocated money to convert аппаратно-студийный block, interdisciplinary, central hardware and видеосерверную.
Plans call for the acquisition of a television station and satellite transmitter.
In addition, the Company will pay for the use of fibre optic communication lines (and) the repair systems of power.
The subsidies will be granted within the limits of the funds provided to swamp the federal budget.
State телерадиовещательная "Crimea" created in 1959, broadcast in seven languages: Ukrainian, Russian, /, German, Greek, Bulgarian and the Armenian.
To date, the coverage leading television signal is more than 75 per cent of the territory of the peninsula.
In 2011, "Телерадиокомпания" Crimea "has received the license for television broadcasting in digital format.
