The prime ministers of India and Japan meet in Tokyo
India's new prime minister, Narendra Modi, meets with his Japanese counterpart, Shinzo Abe, in Tokyo to discuss ties in the field of economics and security, within his first major foreign trip after winning the election in May.
Mr. Modi's five-day trip to Japan with the aim of strengthening economic ties with the world's third largest economy.
At the head of the agenda, plans to expand nuclear cooperation.
India also reportedly hoped for an agreement on defense cooperation between the two countries.
Russia will hold a final session of Fan expert
Russia's Federal Agency of scientific organizations (Fan) together with the RAS will hold a third expert session "performance assessment of scientific organizations."
The meeting is the final in a series of meetings held by the agency during the year, according to a press release, "to the" "
At the third meeting is scheduled to sum up the work of the expert session for the year, and a final list of performance indicators to evaluate scientific organizations.
Separately, participants plan to discuss the formation of expert groups responsible for the evaluation of scientific groups, and evaluation criteria.
The third expert session will be the final event in a turn of events on a single methodology for all three academies approach to assess the performance of scientific organizations.
Over the past five months, we have succeeded, and the final version of the regulations is to negotiate.
At the end of the session we should finish forming processes and expert analysis, to agree on the steps and timing of assessment, "said the head of Russia's Elena Aksenova Fan management.
The event will be attended by representatives from more than 100 scientific institutes in Russia.
He is expected to adopt the resolution.
The meeting will begin at 10 a.m. Moscow time on September 16, 2014 at the following address: Moscow, Ulitsa selyanka House, 14.
Scientists have found a way to detect related stars
Astrophysics of the University of California at Santa Cruz have studied mixing and its impact on the chemical homogeneity in star flocks.
It is expected that the experts will search among the stars of the family, that is arising from one of the cluster.
Authors have published the results of their research in the journal Nature, and briefly with them can be found on the website of the university.
The cause of the same chemical composition stars is mixing in the clouds of gas, preceding the formation of stars.
Even if born star then leaves the star cluster, in its chemical composition, you can define the place of its birth and education region.
Previously, scientists had doubts that the evolution of stars out of the cluster may lead to differences in its chemical content from such with relatives in a cluster.
The results of the simulation, conducted Astrophysics, show that such differences should not appear.
In this study, specialists with the help of Supercomputer modeled two flow of interstellar gas, which together formed a cloud.
This object within a few million years under the influence of their own gravity into a cluster, which are beginning to create Protostar.
The scientists added in initial gas flows and determined that thanks to the rapid in the cloud is the high level of the chemical homogeneity.
According to astrophysics, their research proves that you can seek in chemical composition, and to identify possible areas of education such objects.
Police arrested 20 years after the persecution of Karratha Airport motorcycle at high speed
The motorcycle was confiscated after it drove at a speed of 125 km / h in a zone with a speed limit of 70 km / h and through to escape from police up in the Pilbara.
Traffic police patrol in Karratha Airport this morning attempted to stop the motorcycle, finding that its speed reaches 125 km / h, when he left the service station on Batgeyt Road.
Police said Berdzhess has not stopped and continued movement on the road, then rolled in, as a result of which policemen lost his sight.
Motorcycle and a man matching the description of the driver, were spotted close to home on the way in Walcott Bulgarre.
Police charged Karratha Airport 20-years man charged with failure to stop and dangerous driving.
He must be brought before the international court Karratha Airport on September 23.
The motorcycle was confiscated and detained for three months.
Academic year in October, teach will begin no earlier
On September 1, the academic year doesn't begin to teach, because only 10% of children in the region.
This was informed the Minister of Education and Science of the self-declared republic, Igor Kostenok.
According to him, 11% of pupils left in other regions of Ukraine, 20% in Russia.
Education in schools in the territory controlled by teach, will begin no earlier than October 1.
However, the teachers will return to work on September 1.
Completed an investigation into Vnukovo Tu-204 catastrophe in 2012
Russia's Investigative Committee has completed its investigation of the criminal case on the Tu-204 disaster at the airport Vnukovo in December 2012.
It was reported today in the Russian Federation.
"Moscow transport investigative department of the investigative committee of Russia finished investigating the criminal proceedings, instituted on the accident aircraft Vingz TU- 204 airline" Red "at Vnukovo airport on December 29, 2012, on the grounds of the crimes stipulated by the criminal code of the Russian Federation adopted / violation of safety rules and operation of air transport, which entailed by negligence the death of two or more people," the statement reads.
The cause of the disaster was a failure of crew standard procedures and increased the speed of the gate.
George Webster accused of rape in hotels in Pitlochry Neyrne and
A man stands trial on charges of rape of women in two hotels.
George Webster, 28 years old, charged during the hearing before the High Court in Glasgow.
Presumably, he raped a woman in a hotel "Scotland" H "in Pitlochry, county Perthshire, June 7, 2013.
Claimed Webster attacked her when she was "unconscious, slept and was not able to give consent."
In addition, Webster is accused of raping another woman in the hotel "Neyrne Golf View" in which is on Severo-Shotlandskom Highlands, May 4, 2014.
Judge Lady Rae set a hearing in the High Court in Edinburgh on November 17.
Lavrov: Russia will not "slam the door" in connection with the new sanctions and will not withdraw from the WTO
Russia will not "slam the door" in connection with the new sanctions.
This was announced today, Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov, speaking to students and teachers at MGIMO.
About the response of our measures in case of a new wave of anti-Russian sanctions, then I will not even think, fantasize, because everything has to be specifically designed, "he said.
And when we understand what this time European and American partners, then we will make decisions about how to respond to this.
It would not be associated with by clapping doors, some grievances, falsely, - emphasized the minister.
We, first of all, we will build on our interests, interests to protect its economy, the social sphere, our citizens, our business and make conclusions from the actions of partners to assess their adequacy, and reliability.
On the steps that are taken in the field of sanctions, we can very well tell what are partners, "continued the Minister of Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation.
If the voice say that "they sanctions would also be painful for us, but we are forced to do that to punish Russia," is probably not very adequately. "
With regard to the WTO of the Russian Federation in response to possible new sanctions, it is not.
We, on the contrary, we want to actively use the WTO tools, including comes when trade disputes, "said Lavrov.
We've got the tools to overcome, as we consider the EU's discrimination policy against anti-dumping procedures.
According to the minister, Russia is accused of our and thus impose anti-dumping measures against Russian economic sectors.
"we are ready to use the mechanisms of the WTO and to defend our position not to apply the provisions of the EU third in hindsight," said Lavrov.
How to properly use the siren in the design of a garden?
On the issues meets Irina Percidae:
Because the siren after the fading of Flowers loses its appeal, it is planted with other bushes.
She is perfectly compatible with many cultures.
And near Syringa can and should be planted as plants, decorative in other periods and blooming at the same time with it.
Another plus lilac in that it provides a lot of opportunities for creativity.
You can shape its of varying heights, improved a wide base and even like a bonsai garden - with whimsically.
Simply choose the form, which is your garden design.
In Karelia for selling fake money convicted resident of the Leningrad region
According to the national police, the man was doing their own criminal pursuits in Olonetskom and Segezha areas.
In addition to Karelia, he committed similar crimes in other regions of the country.
In particular, the accused had in Vologda region, where in spring this year, he was sentenced to two and a half years in prison.
Later a man appeared before Olonetskim district court.
And for the end of the investigation of the crimes committed in our republic, had been driven in Segezha.
In the process of investigation proved wine on several episodes of selling counterfeit money related to the summer of 2013.
At the end of June this year, the materials of the criminal case with the guilty were sent to court.
On Friday, August 29, the court decided to replace the term of imprisonment for four years term in a general regime.
The verdict has not entered into force.
Let's remind, last week convicted another two fake money which paid them in the shops of Petrozavodsk.
Azerbaijani citizens visited Karelia also from St. Petersburg.
One of them imprisoned for five years, the other for four.
Each appointed a fine of 500 thousand rubles.
The verdict also has not yet entered into force.
In Arkhangelsk noted 73rd anniversary came the first convoy "Dervish"
The meeting, which took place in the regional center, was dedicated to the first Arctic.
"Dervish" delivered to the USSR military assistance from the United States and the United Kingdom.
Memory in Arkhangelsk rally held at the stone monument to the future Bill of sale northern convoy, which is located on the waterfront in Solombale Sedov's name.
The event gathered representatives of veterans organizations of Arkhangelsk, children from cadet class.
For the first time we met twenty three years ago, when the mortgage was laid stone.
But at the same time, today's event is not a holiday but a day of memory of those who did not back the sea, "- said the chairman of the board of veterans of the northern sea shipping company Boris Karpov.
Then at the event was the city's brass band and the class gave up the flowers and veterans with flags of Russia and the banner of victory.
Rally ended Bill of sale laying flowers to stone.
The convoy consisted of five British ships and one Dutch transport loaded strategically important raw materials (10 000 tons of rubber, 1 500 tonnes boots, Tin, wool and many other inventory and equipment).
Also on board ships and military equipment and armaments was 3 800 deep bombs and magnetic mines, 15 Hurricane fighters, "in the state.
At the same time, British Navy escort convoys were 16 ships, among which were two aircraft carriers.
Caravan plane was not found and safely reached its destination - an opponent.
A total of 848 ships involved in the vital operations for the caravans, 126 vehicles were killed and about 50 military courts.
In the framework of the "Amur Autumn" will be amateur film festival
From September 10 to 12, will be held in Blagoveshchensk amateur film festival "KinAmur" within "the Amur Autumn."
Local Camera Buff will be able to take part in workshops and shows of the Festival Theatre and cinema.
On September 10, the participants "KinAmura" will take part in the workshop of famous directors, creative meeting and show "a short meter": "Man Good," "Fade to Orange," "Arys Floor."
September 11 will be "fire under the board" Amur director seeds Rudenko.
The closing of the festival will be held on September 12, "KinAmur" where will be summed up and named winners of the festival.
Amateur film contest will be held on several nominations.
For the first time will participate cartoons: the festival selected three animation films.
A total of 11 authors participating in the festival.
The following year the participants plan to display for the Russian level, the press service of the city administration.
Recalling the very American ideal that labor rights are human rights
Congressmen Keith Ellison and John Lewis introduced a bill on which the organization of trade unions is a civil right.
"where unions there and middle-class jobs," says Ellison, Democrat of Minnesota, who is co-chair of the Congressional Progressive Caucus.
That's why I proudly present act about expanding the rights of workers, along with the symbol of the movement for civil rights John Lewis.
This innovative bill would give workers the same legal opportunities for discrimination against the organization of trade unions, as for other forms of discrimination, stopping force opponents of trade unions
Changes to the law on the regulation of labor relations in such a way as to allow workers, with discrimination for participation in the organization of trade unions, to seek justice in the civil courts, and compensation and punitive damage payments - a sensible and necessary initiative.
But it's certainly not radical initiative - at least by American standards.
In fact, the best way to understand what offer Ellison, Lewis and co-authors of the bill, is to recall a very American idea.
Despite the attacks, which unions have in recent years - in Wisconsin, Michigan and other states across the country - Americans once supported countries around the world to adopt, to expand and to respect labor rights.
There was a time that millions of Americans still remember when this country simultaneously defended democracy, freedom of speech, freedom of the press and the right to organize.
When the United States occupied Japan after the second world war, General Douglas MacArthur and his assistants have helped the country to adopt the constitution by so as to ensure that the militarized autocracy Khideki Todzyo was replaced by democracy.
Fully aware that workers and their trade unions play a role in shaping a new Japan, they have included a text which explicitly admitted that "the right of workers to organize, and on the negotiations and on collective action is guaranteed."
When the United States occupied Germany after World War II, General Dwight David Eyzenkhauer and his assistants helped the Germans to write the constitution, which guaranteed that the fascism of Adolf Hitler was replaced by a strong democracy.
Recognizing that workers will have to organize themselves and be heard in the new state, the Germans have included an article which openly stated: "the right to form associations to safeguard and improve working and economic conditions will be guaranteed to every person and every profession or activity.
Agreements that restrict or seek to curtail this right will not have legal force; measures for these purposes will be considered illegal.
When former first lady Eleanor Roosevelt was the chairman of the International Commission on Human Rights, which was the World Declaration on Human Rights, which will be adopted by the United Nations in 1948 as a global agreement, Roosevelt and the editors have included a guarantee that "everyone shall have the right to organize and join trade unions for the protection of his interests."
Generations of Americans have taken for granted the basic position that labor rights are human rights.
When this country on other countries on how to create a civil and democratic society, Americans have explained that the right to organize trade unions - and that this Union has participated as an equal partner in collective bargaining with corporations and government agencies - should be protected.
Now, when these rights are attacked in America, wisely, indeed, return to the American ideal that working people should have the right to organize and to make their voices heard in a free and open society.
As the Reverend Martin Luther King Jr. said fifty years ago:
History is a great teacher.
Now everyone knows that the trade union movement has not undermined the strength of the nation, but increased them.
Raising the living standards of millions, unions miraculously created a market for industry and lifted the whole nation to do the level of production.
Those who are attacking the unions, forget these simple truths, but history remembers them.
History remembers as we should.
Official recognition of labor rights as human rights, and the protection of civil rights, to prevent discrimination against the organization of trade unions is long overdue.
Keith Ellison and John Lewis% ideals, which historically expanded America and made the promise of democracy a reality.
Judge temporarily blocks law that would close all clinics in Louisiana
In the United States, a federal judge on Sunday temporarily blocked the introduction of Louisiana, about which his supporters say he likely will close all five clinics in the state.
According to this measure, which was signed to perform the governor of Louisiana Bobby Dzhinadlom in June and was meant to enter into force on 1 September, doctors who do abortions, would have powers were obliged to receive patients in a hospital within 30 miles of their practice.
Nevertheless, the judge's decision means that for the moment, doctors can continue to make legal abortion, while continuing to look for such powers.
"the plaintiffs will be allowed to work legally, continuing action to obtain the authority," Judge John wrote in his decision.
Hearing will be scheduled within a month, on which the district court judge will pronounce a more permanent solution to this law.
Defenders of the right to abortion will be happy to have met this decision, in accordance with the decisions against similar measures, saying it will give doctors more time to receive the Hospital Authority.
"today's decision ensures that the women of Louisiana will be protected from the evil law which seeks to deprive them of health and rights," said Nancy Nortap, president and head of the Center for Reproductive Rights, which filed a lawsuit to stop the law on behalf of three of the five clinics in the state.
It was not immediately clear whether the decision applies to doctors from the two clinics, which were not on this case, and also submitted an application for the admission.
Louisiana is one of 11 states that have adopted similar laws, and the courts recently acknowledged such measures unconstitutional in Alabama and Mississippi.
Key parts of a Texas law that would have shut down most of the remaining clinics in the state were blocked by a federal judge on Friday.
Fighters for the right to abortion, along with the American College of and colleagues and the American Medical Association say the laws impose restrictions on the powers of the doctors who are not necessary from the point of view of medicine.
Opponents of abortion argue that such measures are aimed at protecting women's health, though some also noted their positive effect in closing clinics.
Only one doctor, which makes abortion in Louisiana, have the reception in the hospital, said the Center for Reproductive Rights.
If all the other doctors in the state will be forced to stop performing the procedure, the doctor, fearing for their safety, could no longer perform this procedure, the group said.
In criticizing the decision, Louisiana officials said they will not punish doctors doing abortions until their application for the reception waiting for decisions.
Would lead the introduction of quotas for domestic products
No less than half of products for every category of goods in stock trading networks should be the Russian production, says Duma deputy from the Just Russia faction Oleg Neil.
She has prepared a bill aimed at introducing protective measures for domestic manufacturers, writes the newspaper "Izvestia."
The document still will be some points will be amended or specified in order to avoid possible discomfort for buyers.
This applies to goods that are not made in Russia. <... > on the rest of the groups of products, which are produced in Russia, the retailer will have to provide at least half of their shelves domestic manufacturers, "said Neil edition.
Together with the amendments to article "about basic principles of state regulation of trading activity in the Russian Federation" the bill making changes in the tax code, regulating the slower rate of VAT at 10% of the products produced in Russia.
The idea to introduce a 50% quota in retail chains included in the stimulus package for Russian producers.
On the shelves there will be several times more than domestic goods.
But the initiative may have both positive and negative effects, experts say.
According to the company's lawyer Nalogovik "," a member of the independent expert centre "public council" of Litvinenko, for the Russian economy, as well as for the domestic agricultural and food industries, the effect will be positive in nature, and will lead to growth.
Among the winners are, farmers, small shops.
They will be able to sell more, and this means that profits will grow.
In addition, they will have the right to dictate their terms and prices of retailers, because they will be forced to buy their goods.
Russian producers will be able to increase its activity and sales that will pay higher taxes than before.
This will increase budget revenues, will create new jobs, any industry will begin to expand any faster than becoming accustomed, will be introduced to contribute to GDP growth.
Russia's dependence on foreign food drops in several times, though not immediately, "- said the expert.
Earlier, Russian companies often could not get on the shelves of local shops due to high competition from foreign analogues.
Now, after the embargo, this niche liberated and you can breathe a sigh of relief.
But we should not forget that after all the necessary approvals and sanitary inspections food products to the Russian market will come from Latin America, Turkey and Serbia.
In other words, it is now a "moment of silence," when the players have already gone and the new has not yet come.
Almost a month later, you can talk about the increased domestic demand for raw materials, as well as rising prices for finished products, "- told AiF.ru first vice-president of the Russian public organization" Russian club of financial directors, "Kasyanov's in Tamara.
Clearly, the idea of selling in every category at least 50 percent of Russian food products will allow us to consolidate the sector for local producers.
In this case, they will compete with each other, not with goods that subsidy at the expense of another state, are cheaper.
In other words, the buyer will struggle between companies working on unified laws of the industry.
On the other hand, says Kasyanov, Russian producers are able to satisfy 50 percent of domestic needs of compatriots not on all items.
And in this situation commercial networks will have to "" share of Russian goods up to half of the range.
In connection with this, fears are mounting that the counters will be substandard goods.
Perhaps under the guise of foreign products manufactured in Russia will be supplied with labels, "adds the expert.
A negative effect from the introduction of quotas will find large retail chains, especially those which relatives to cooperate with importers.
It is logical that in this scenario will suffer and the foreign suppliers, because the demand for their products will decline.
Litvinenko did not rule out that the law on quotas for domestic goods and may affect consumers.
The point is that some products of Russian production can yield quality imported ones, while shops will be able to force prices on the second as the key commodity.
About a import substitution in the early 2000s, the economists spoke again in February this year because of the continuing devaluation of the ruble.
Now, against the backdrop of troubled relations with the West, the question of imported food is even more urgent.
The law aims to oblige retailers on orders to suppliers to reckon with domestic producers.
Then we will go much faster and more confident on the way of import substitution, and the planning system producing the necessary types of products will be established in a short time, "says MP Oleg Neil.
Especially effective mechanism of allocation will be for the agricultural sector, where the potential is especially high, for example, in the dairy industry, where the share of imports stood at 25%.
Our farmers are able to fully cover the shelves of Russian shops.
In addition, the powerful impulse can obtain and meat production.
As we know, the largest share of imports remains on beef - from 30% to 35%.
It turns out that 65-70 per cent are still on Russian products, "says Kasyanov.
Experts are of the opinion that the introduction of quotas on domestic products to and can accelerate the process.
But itself to this initiative will not, as they need a set of measures, I am sure Mr Litvinenko.
In any case, 50% of the goods sold under this initiative can still be brought from abroad and so full of import substitution does not occur, but significant steps in this direction will be done.
In addition, there is little to set the quotas need to establish a domestic food production that these quotas to meet.
These quotas just such warranties and provide, "- the expert concludes.
The time diagnosis and lack of access to optimal treatment mean that ovarian cancer kills more in rural areas
Angelina Jolie and her brother James published a video of the memory of their late mother, who died from ovarian cancer in 2007.
Women in rural Australia, face higher risk of death from ovarian cancer than those living in cities.
The researchers analyzed maps of more than 1,100 Australian women with newly diagnosed ovarian cancer "" in 2005, finding that only 35 percent have lived five years after being diagnosed.
Lead researcher Susan Jordan of the qimr berghofer Medical Research Institute reported that the probability of dying during the study by 20 percent higher for those who live in the regions and remote areas of the state than those who live in urban areas.
A small study: new drugs may slow lung cancer and ovarian cancer
Researchers have tracked the women's health for seven years.
Dr Jordan said that the woman's age at the time of diagnosis, the type of ovarian cancer, the current illnesses and status also influenced the likelihood of survival.
Older women and those who have been in the later stages of cancer at the time of diagnosis, had the lowest survival rates.
For those who lived in the regions and remote areas of the state, the chance of dying during the study was 20 percent higher than for those who lived in urban areas.
Although the study was not designed to determine why women living outside the cities, more likely to die from ovarian cancer, Dr. Jordan suggested that time put diagnosis and lack of access to optimal treatment is possible factors.
"this disease is best treated surgeons specializing in gynaecological oncology, and they mainly are located in big cities," she said.
Despite the improvement of the quality of telemedicine services to reduce the impact of distance, it suggested that the increase in the number of services in the field that will allow professionals to treat women closer to home and support programmes people treated far from their homes, can help.
Dr Jordan said that regardless of the geographical position, the study found that prolonged life expectancy among women with ovarian cancer was rare, highlighting the need for more effective treatment and prevention strategies.
The study, financed Rio Tinto Ride to Conquer Cancer, will be published today in the Medical Journal of Australia.
In March 2012, at the age of 33 years old, young mothers with Gold Coast Elisha Neave said that she had an aggressive form of ovarian cancer.
In September, the new FAP Kuzhenerskom area of open doors
Construction of a medical institution in the village of Toktaybelyak was started in April this year and was carried out according to a standard project provided.
The value of the works was slightly more than 10 million rubles.
According to the public relations and information of Mari El, funding of construction was carried out at the expense of Republican budget in accordance with the address investment program.
The total area built health facilities is almost 230 square meters.
It will provide medical assistance to residents of eight villages: the village of villages and Toktaybelyak Dementieva, Pyuncheryumal, Tunya, Fomichi, Toraybelyak, Shinur and Chashkayal.
The new item will replace incumbent FAP, whose building was built in 1918 and has long been depleted its resources and its premises do not meet hygiene standards.
The new institution will be opened in the near future.
son at a later stage appears before the court
A resident of Chuvashia will be in the dock for the killing of their own child.
In Cheboksary completed an investigation against 31st Summer resident Novocheboksarsk, The Accused in bodily death by negligence.
The investigation established that on 26 July this year accused together with son arrived at the celebration of the birth of the child of his Qom in Cheboksary.
After a lengthy meal decided to stay in the game and placed the baby to sleep.
When the baby woke at night and cried like hot cakes, alcohol woman put it next to the bed to breast feed, but soon had fallen asleep.
During sleep woman on the son, as a result of which he died from suffocation.
Criminal case, the press service of the RS, in Chuvashia, submitted to the court.
Inflation out of the holiday.
Whether the Russians will face a sharp increase in prices
As a result of overlapping sanctions of Russia and the West in Russia will accelerate inflation and not in forecasts authorities convinced analysts at VTB Capital. "
According to experts, deferred consequences will lead to inflationary shock in the first quarter of 2015, writes RBC Daily.
According to the latest forecast of the ministry of economic development, inflation in 2014 will be 6,5-7,5% next year and even less - 6.5%.
However, according to the newspaper "Kommersant," this week the mayor should make a "small but significant" changes in the macroeconomic outlook until 2017.
According to the publication, the department could lower the estimate of inflation in 2015, which would eliminate the expected lose the income growth of the population.
The forecast assumed that the Russian food sanctions apply a year - until August 2015.
As in such a situation one could assume such high inflation?
The current situation suggests a single-use shock but inflation trend will not change, "said the source in Minfine.
Economists from the "VTB Capital" does not share the government's expectations of economic bloc about inflation and predict price growth in 2014 at the level of 8%.
The main effect of product bans will come together with the possible introduction of sales tax in the RF regions (gap) in 2015, experts believe.
Inflation will peak at 9% in February, after which the annual pace of price growth will decline, experts believe.
By the way, last week brought the first pursued inflationary results after Russia introduced a "neat sanctions."
interviewed experts and found their inflation expectations.
Artem Deev, head of the analytical department of FC aforex:
Price increases have been observed in the major product segments.
Moreover, when began to rise socially important products, the government has been forced to launch a system of monitoring price stability measures, to prevent the risks of unjustified price increases in the short term.
Suppliers and retailers already report on a daily basis before the regulators that the authorities knew who, when and for what reason will trigger higher prices.
Key factors of the growth of the consumer price index is still a whopping rate of capital flight, and the excessive refinancing the banking sector from the Russian supervisor, internal conversion due to the flight of foreign currency, as well as the embargo on food imports from the countries that joined the sanctions against Russia.
If inflationary pressures remained under control, the cost of the basket would have minimum set of products not only jumped by 12% in one quarter.
The ban on the import of food products caused the shock of supply in the domestic market and led to the utterly increase the final cost.
Because at the current stage we do not manage to fully run the mechanism of import substitution, and increase self-sufficiency of the Russian market at the expense of domestic production, response sanctions continue to bear the risks of inflationary growth.
If you add another and fiscal reasons related to the lack of confidence in the national currency as well as prospects for economic growth, by the end of this year, inflation may well exceed 8%.
Alexander Razuvaev, director of the analytical department of the "Alpari"
In the 1990s, inflation sometimes reached 20-30% per month, at zero, it was also above the current level, another thing that then it is offset by rapid economic growth.
I think, at the end of the year inflation will be replaced%.
Plato Maguta, managing assets of Maguta "Fund"
External factor associated with sanctions against Russia, so far has successfully contained, but if there is a further strengthening of the pressure, first of all in the financial sector - this can lead to certain difficulties and increase the population's inflationary expectations, which typically are traditionally in purchases of cash currency in order to protect their savings.
It can be assumed that the government, the central bank and the Ministry of Finance will try to soften the continuous weakening of the ruble as market methods and government regulation.
But rising prices traditionally begins after the summer lull, and perhaps this fall will become more tangible.
The target level of consumer inflation in Russia at 7.5%, is likely to be much of a weapon, as Russia has another financial savings.
Grieve centers from reducing the number of homeowners
The collapse was due to the decrease of number of homeowners aged less than 35 years, can lead to the centers will start to lose tens of millions of pounds a year, when today's young people reach the age of "gardening," according to the hta, which told the Financial Times.
According to the report, people relieve housing, spend an average of 55 per cent of the amount that the owners of their own homes spend on gardening.
It mentions an increase in the number of people living in areas without gardens, popularity make asphalt yards in front of the House for parking and a reduction in the size of the garden as the other factors bearing a threat for the industry, whose annual sales volume is estimated at £5 billion.
In greater London, where the number of homeowners fell from 61 percent to 43 percent over six years, the lowest in the UK the level of spending on goods for gardeners on the household.
hta and the Royal Society reported that rental housing and a lack of space for the garden does not mean that people can't grow plants.
Guy Barter, chief horticulture adviser at the rhs, said: "growing plants in containers, for example, is especially popular with tenants who can carry plants with them when moving."
hta report identified the period between 1997 and 2005 as the "golden age" of retail trade in goods to gardening as a result of an increase in the number of homeowners and economic prosperity since the end of the 1980s to the mid 1990s.
It also predicted that the market will improve this year, thanks to more good weather after adverse conditions in March and April last year.
The Ministry of Agriculture of Bulgaria held a massive purge in the fund "agriculture"
Three of the four chiefs of the fund "agriculture" were replaced by another on Friday.
In total, three of the four chiefs of the fund "agriculture" were replaced by another on Friday.
Bulgaria's Ministry of Agriculture officially reported only about removing from office Dobrev Atanas executive director.
His place has been taken by Lousã Municipality Portugal Vasilevsky.
It turned out that on Friday were Championship Chiho and two of the three deputy executive directors of the fund.
Released deputy executive director Tatiana Angel, which until then was responsible for state aid and SAPARD program, BGNYeS reports with reference to the newspaper "work."
I was not on the board of the foundation, because by law, we are not members of the leadership, but I was told later that I was liberated.
I can't say why about my dismissal was not reported on the Web site of the foundation.
I'm on vacation.
Hopefully know more on Monday, "said Angel publication.
Her place will take Ivanka Bagdatova, which until now has been head of "investment" in the central fund in "agriculture" in Sofia.
Was released as Nikolai Dacha deputy executive director.
Before that moment, he was responsible for direct subsidies for the fields from the EU.
In his place will be appointed Живко Zhivko, who was head of the Regional Directorate of the fund "agriculture" in Veliko Tarnovo until January 2014.
His position as deputy head of the fund retains only Atidzhe Aliyeva Velho.
Currently, it is responsible for the rural development programme.
Official reasons for all the changes in the office are not mentioned.
Turkey calls the American diplomat in connection with the message of the espionage
Turkey's Ministry of Foreign Affairs was the top American diplomat in the country for clarification in connection with the report on the American and British espionage in Turkey.
Deputy Prime Minister Bülent said the American chargé d'affaires and Turkish officials discussed the report on Monday.
The German magazine "Der Spiegel" and the "intercept" magazine reported that documents provided by former US National Security Agency analyst Edward Snoudenom, show that Turkey was a priority intelligence target for the American and British intelligence services.
According to Turkish news agencies, President Recep Tayyip Erdogan the importance of this message, saying that all the leading countries spying on each other.
Earlier information that Germany's main intelligence agency also made Ankara object exploration, has caused a outcry response from the Turkish government.
Major Chinese companies have joined together against Alibaba
Chinese companies, including China's largest commercial property developer Dalian Wanda Group and Tencent Holdings (our Internet Giant, Messenger, etc.) and Baidu (the Chinese search engine), creating a company that will compete on the market of online trading with Alibaba.
However, to catch up with the miracle of the Chinese Internet, which left behind even their American rivals - eBay and Amazon.com, will not be easy.
The union's largest
Companies plan to invest in a joint venture of 5 billion yuan ($814 million), 70 percent of it will belong to Wanda and 15 percent each of the Internet companies, according to a press release from the Wanda Group.
It is expected to register a company in Hong Kong.
The joint venture will bring together search service Baidu with popular social platform (the largest wechat in China, where the number of users is about 438 million), Tencent and infrastructure of Wanda.
In addition to the network of 40 luxury hotels Wanda Group controls at least 49 objects of the commercial real estate throughout China and 40 shopping centers.
In the past year, the company has invested more than 50 billion yuan ($8 billion) to build the film studio and theme park attractions in Tsindao (city in eastern China, on the shore of the Yellow Sea).
It is expected that the project will attract more than 1 million visitors annually and generate profits at the level of $960 million.
In addition, Wanda owns US cinema chain AMC Entertainment Holdings, which makes the company the largest cinema operator in the world.
By 2015, Wanda plans to equip all belonging to her shopping centers, hotels and places of entertainment e-commerce services, the development of which will be precisely created by rival Alibaba.
According to Dong Tse, who will lead the new company, thanks to the Wanda e-commerce can increase the number of users of its services from the current 40 million to 100 million by next year.
The new playground is to become the world's largest online-to-offline platform, says Dong Tse.
The online-to-offline (o2o) commerce is to attract buyers on the Internet, so that they came in the usual or bought other traditional services.
A classic example is the sale of coupons o2o services like groupon or vigoda.ru.
"o2o is the biggest pie in Online Commerce", "- said the head Wanda Wang Tszyanlin (quote via Bloomberg).
"now, there is no real o2o platform in China, and in this situation nearly equal chances for all," he said.
The Chinese e-commerce market is the largest in the world, and, according to McKinsey & Co., its size will increase more than threefold by 2015 compared with 2011, to $395 billion.
The number of Chinese Internet users rose to 632 million, Bloomberg data in official statistics: this is more than the population of any country in the world except India.
And is projected to have by 2015, that number could grow to 850 million people.
Union's richest
The head of Tencent Ma Khuaten was until recently the richest man in China, however, according to Index millionaires agency Bloomberg, Alibaba founder Jack Ma has already surpassed its $5.5 billion
The state of Jack Ma is estimated at $21.8 billion, of which $11 billion were attributable to its stake in Alibaba.
The head of Baidu Robin Li now takes the third place among the richest men in China, while Wang Tszyanlin from Wanda - fourth line in the rating.
"for this fight is very interesting to see: the three richest people join forces to challenge even more rich," said Bloomberg, director of the Chinese Center for Research on Electronic Commerce in Hangzhou Cao lay.
But he believes that the new company is unlikely to be able to seriously compete with Alibaba immediately after its creation: "Rome can't be built in a day."
That with Alibaba is not so - then just compete not only new companies but also the leaders of the world's e-commerce, Alibaba is published on the eve of a report on financial performance in the last quarter.
Alibaba is often described as something between eBay and Amazon.com, but from April to June, the Chinese company earned more than both of its U.S. competitors combined.
Net profit of Alibaba over the period of almost two times higher than similar indicator competitors - it has grown almost three times year on year and amounted to $1.99 billion.
"Alibaba still has tremendous potential to generate money, largely thanks to its mobile applications," commented Bloomberg report from Hong Kong's arete Research Service analyst.
According to the updated Avenue Alibaba on the website of the Securities and Exchange Commission of the United States, the number of active mobile users of the company's services in July totaled 188 million, which significantly surpasses the March index (163 million).
At the same time, 32.8 percent of all transactions of Alibaba in the past quarter were on mobile devices.
Alibaba will call the value of its shares before the IPO.
According to the average estimate of 11 analysts surveyed Bloomberg, the company could be assessed at $187 billion after the sale of the shares.
According to Bloomberg sources, the debut of Alibaba on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) could take place already on September 16.
The company's Road, preceding the event starts on 3 September.
It is expected that the output of Alibaba on the IPO will be a record in the history of the NYSE, and will allow the company to raise about $20 billion.
So far, the record for volume on U.S. stock exchanges attracted funds belonged to the Visa payment system, which in 2008 held the initial public offering of its shares, earning a $17.9 billion
At least half of the food products in retail chains should be the Russian production, believe the State Duma deputies.
They have developed a draft bill on the subject.
It is about making changes in Article 8 of the federal law "About basic principles of state regulation of trade in Russia" in the tax code.
The aim of the document is the introduction of protective measures against Russian food producers.
Important clarification, according to the draft law, at least 50 percent of the products of domestic production in the shops should be on every type of goods.
However, the document will take into account that there are goods that are not made in Russia, for example, fruit and vegetables in the winter, so for them to be made "discount" to avoid possible discomfort for buyers.
At the same time, the draft law is a change in the tax code of the Russian Federation, establishing slower rate of VAT in the amount of 10% of all food products, of which Russia is a country of origin, according to the newspaper "Izvestia."
On August 27, in the lower house of parliament was presented a draft law on amendments to the law "on retail markets," which proposes to revive Russian farmers' markets, where small producers will be able to sell their products.
The head of police Magalufa charged in corruption
The plaintiffs presented evidence of extortion on the part of police and officials of the office of public prosecutor Kalvii Malorki on Friday.
Police chief Kalvii on resort island Mallorca was arrested as a result of corruption charges by businessmen and owners of bars in the outrageously famous Magalufe rampant alcoholism.
Chief Inspector Jose Antonio Navarro was placed into custody as a result of charges of corruption brought against him by several businessmen with Punta Ballin, streets, which is most Magalufa bars and nightclubs.
According to the daily Diario Mallorca, plaintiffs have presented evidence of extortion on the part of the police and municipal officials in Kalvii Malorki anti-corruption prosecutor's office on Friday.
Another two local police were arrested Spain's National Guard in connection with allegations of corruption and will be interrogated judge along with Navarro.
The Spanish daily newspaper ABC reported that dissatisfied owners of nightclubs say protectionism on the part of the authorities seriously reflected on the state of their business.
"it is no longer about how to earn money, we are talking about how to survive," said one of the businessmen.
You can't jeopardize our livelihoods.
We have nothing to lose.
hit headlines in the international press this summer after a popular video on YouTube, which was shown 18-year-old British campers, fellatio 24 men during the race on the bars.
The island has since been trying to stop hooliganism at a later stage among vacationers Magalufa, reducing to a minimum the number of outrageously known alcoholic run on bars.
In addition, the club Playhouse where the incident occurred with Fellatio, was forced to close for a year, while the Playhouse and the organizers of the race on bars carnage together were fined €55,000 ($73000).
Tourist resort of Magaluf mainly popular among young British vacationers, was also a place of numerous accidents in a state of alcoholic intoxication, associated with crazy pastime known as "," when people jump from one balcony to another or from a balcony in the hotel pool.
The first day of spring is wet and Vetren conditions resulted in flights at Adelaide Airport
Spring has prepared a surprise in the south of South Australia, bringing heavy rains and strong winds, which affected flights at Adelaide Airport.
Another 5 mm of rain fell on the city in the evening to 9 pm, after 6.6 mm, which occurred during the night Sunday.
The latest rain was preceded by a pair of short rains from wind, including The Tempest, which shortly before 8 p.m. and almost 4 mm for about 10 minutes.
After the winter to early portion of spring last week, temperatures again fell on Monday to the maximum just 15,8c in town.
conditions is supposed to have served as one of the reasons for the delay of planting Virgin Airlines flight from Melbourne in Adelaide.
The plane was supposed to land on schedule shortly after 7: 30 p.m., but the wind got in the zone - a sudden change in wind speed or direction a short distance - and was forced to gain altitude.
Wind gusts reached 50 mph on the ground at Adelaide Airport at this time.
Flight data showed that during the second landing plane had to gain altitude and the plane eventually landed about 8: 40 pm.
The delay of the flight caused the delay of several other flights, including flight from Dubai's Emirates and qantas flight from Sydney.
A maximum of 16c is forecast in Adelaide on Tuesday with the possibility of one or two showers.
The calculation of the estimate of construction projects in the Russian Federation will take place in
The issues of pricing, regulation of the construction industry, as well as the problems of connectivity, the Federal Antimonopoly Service takes on a special control.
While FAS created the Advisory Council for the development of competition in the construction industry.
At its meeting, the head of control utilities, construction and natural resources of FAS Vadim Solovyov said that "today's calculation estimates construction projects is absolutely incomprehensible."
Regulatory framework makes pricing opaque and may lead to unnecessary cost of construction, according to FAS.
And offer the construction costs of public property at the design stage to determine on the basis of market prices instead of constructive solutions today estimated norms and unit pricing on technological operations.
The proposals made in the "road map" and now are under consideration in the common economic space.
"replacing the traditional estimate documentation in construction on the calculations of structural elements should lead to less corruption in the industry," explained "RSL" Vadim Solovyev.
Now in budgeted every bolt and nut, and not always possible all check, so sometimes the documentation unscrupulous construction companies may "whole tractor."
The common economic space with FAS agree.
"the first work on the transition to a calculation on the constructive elements already have: the methodology for the calculation of prices for constructive solutions, budgeting for these indicators," said "RSL" head of town planning and architecture construction Elena Zhukov.
Chosen as the pilot area of road construction.
But experts believe that the problem is much more serious.
As the head of the construction company RSL told "The" "Profi-invest" Anatoly Demyanko, estimated regulations were obsolete long ago, but another business mechanism has not yet offered.
"as for the proposed calculations on the constructive elements, that in practice, it is difficult to work as the building often used totally different technologies," he said.
It is no secret that is thanks largely to.
According to the chairman of the management board of "experts" Catherine Lesina Apulia procurement professionals, today the state is the most effective customer.
Rosatom's deputy director for engineering industry center of capital construction Vladimir Malakhov noted that today the market conditionally divided into companies that have access to a portfolio of contracts, and the companies owning monopolies competence and be on the field of competitors.
He believes that the creation of a transparent market may only be provided when access to contracts will be maximally is defended from someone's control influence.
At the expert council was asked to create a procurement system in such a way that one and the same performer may not receive more than one contract worth more than 1 billion rubles or several contracts worth more than 1 billion rubles.
The common economic space believe that this approach must be assessed from the point of view of the impact on business, as well as construction management efficiency.
As explained Elena Zhukov, in this case you will need to endow the functions of the high commissioner that will lead to an increase in the normal number of customer and budgetary spending on its contents.
At the same time, customer's specialists will have knowledge to assess the quality of contractor organizations work, as well as their safety.
Often with such a breakdown will need to determine who will be responsible for the security of a object in general.
In addition, this approach may result in the outflow of qualified participants of government purchases in connection with obtaining the state in order for a volume of work and a small amount of the contract.
Deputy head of the procurement center Alexander Yevstashenkov believes now procurement procedure has become a business game on the attentiveness of the contractor.
And gave this example: "a participant when filling in the application must specify" concrete results "without specifying the words:" or the equivalent of, "" to be, "" from, "" more, "" less, "" look, "" or "" type "a" type, "" below, "" below, "" higher, "" may, "" could have, "" may, "" before, "" not earlier, "" higher, "" not allowed, "etc.
Thus, customers often abuse their right to set requirements for the content of the application of contractor organizations.
Another problem, according to Yevstashenkova, was the need to evaluate the quality of the work even at the stage of filing the application through the "paper" member's proposal.
Considering a bid, really can be assessed only qualified contractor, but not the quality of the works for realization of which haven't even started, "said the expert.
The quality of the works can be assessed only on their acceptance.
At the expert council also was asked to transfer income from the top to the bottom echelon to intermediate contractors disappeared.
The chairman of the expert council, state secretary of FAS deputy head Andrei Tsarikovskiy believes that we should not do so, as responsible for the order should.
Otherwise could, as in the famous Arcadia Sketch comedy Raikin "atelier": "to Button claims have?."
Israeli children returned to school after the war in Gaza
Thousands of Israeli children in areas close to Gaza again went to school on Monday after having spent the summer in Air-raid shelter when rockets and mines rain fell on their settlement at the time: the war between Israel and Hamas, while schools in Gaza remained closed during the territory was recovering after the fighting.
The beginning of school sessions brought a sense of joy and excitement to victims of southern Israel's missiles, but traces of warfare remained fresh.
In the southern city of Ashdod, the kindergarten Pashosh "," which got a rocket, traces of shrapnel were removed from the walls and children's slides before the arrival of pupils.
"we are a little afraid, but will be happy to look into the future," said Ronit Barth, a resident Kibbutz Saad and English teacher at his school.
Many children in our district really need to go back to a quiet life.
Her 11-year-old daughter, Shan Barth, said that suddenly again to go to school "a bit strange."
"it was a difficult time, and we didn't get out of their homes," she said.
The president visited Kibbutz Reuven Rivlin, which is located near the border with the Gaza Strip to express their support.
Before the cease-fire stopped the war last week, thousands of residents of border settlements, such as Saad, not out on the street or are displaced from their homes, having left to safer areas further from Gaza to escape the rocket and fire.
Many residents Nakhal Oz, settlements near the border with the Gaza Strip, where a Palestinian to the mines was killed 4-year-old boy, doubt that they should go back.
The Ministry of Education reported that about a dozen families have still not returned.
Their children were sent to other schools at this time.
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu visited a school in Sderot, a town on the border with the Gaza Strip, which heavily from Palestinian fire.
He advised the children carefully studying and said: "we will do everything possible to give you the knowledge and to ensure your safety."
Israel and Hamas agreed to a permanent ceasefire last Tuesday.
The ceasefire agreement immediately put an end to the military action, but left unresolved key issues, for example, the demand for Hamas to remove blockade of Gaza and the opening of airports and sea ports in the Gaza Strip.
Israel wants Hamas folded arms and returned the bodies of two Israeli soldiers killed in the war.
It is expected that a new stage of indirect negotiations will begin later this month in Egypt.
The war killed more than 2,100 Palestinians, three-quarters of which were civilians, and at least 494 children, according to Palestinian and United Nations.
Israel disputes those figures and says that at least half of those killed were militants; despite this, he had not provided substantial evidence supporting this claim.
On the Israeli side, 66 soldiers and six civilians, including one Thai worker.
During the fighting, Hamas and other Gaza militants fired rockets and mines 4591 unit at Israeli towns, mainly in the south of the country.
The Israeli army, meanwhile, has more than 5,000 aerial and other attacks.
As a result of the Israeli attacks were damaged and destroyed thousands of homes in the Gaza Strip, and an estimated 250,000 people have found refuge in more than 100 schools, which were converted into shelters.
Due to the fact that tens of thousands of people were still in shelters, and fighting continued, officials responsible for education, last week postponed the start of the school year.
"I hope that the school will soon be opened, so that we can complete our education as kids all over the world and Jewish children," said Mohammad Amara, 13-year-old boy who now lives in one of Gaza's schools.
According to the criterion of popular real estate prices showed the largest winter growth in seven years.
hedonic RP data corelogic home price index for home prices in the capital of Australia rose 1.1 percent in August, said RP Data on Monday.
This growth has led to cumulative increase for June, July and August to 4.2 percent, the big increase in the winter months since 2007.
Annual price growth was 10.9 percent, more than twice exceeding the growth in the 12 months to August 2013, but the increase was not evenly distributed across the country.
RP Data research director Tim Lawless said the Sydney and Melbourne lead the holiday market.
RP Data figures show that in Sydney house prices grew by 16.1 percent over the last year, while in Melbourne, at 11.7 percent.
Following the power markets were Adelaide, Brisbeyn and Darwin, where prices on average rose from five to six percent.
At the other end of the scale was Canberra at which government spending cuts, where prices rose by just 1.4 percent for the year.
Mr Lawless said that now, when spring began, there will be an increase in the number of properties for sale in the next few months, it will be "a real test" for the market.
"given the current high level of Speed auction sales, overall sales high speed and current conditions with a low interest rate, it is likely that the cost of housing is still rise over the next three months," he said.
How people live in the old house of Ufa
In the former House of Gold industrialists and Yevdokimov and his son Ivan Museum-Preserve of history by the October revolution 57 / 1 (formerly Big Kazan) 18 apartments.
The 18th century house since the building has hardly changed, except.
Extraneous people go here, like on the tour, and the tenants more suffering than rejoice from their privilege - the right to live in the oldest Ufa House, whose walls remember commander Alexander Suvorov.
The building houses, historians point to two dates - 1730 1737 and years.
But in any case, it turns out that the building nearly 300 years.
The old yard, always open the door, squeaky staircase.
Doors in the apartments are located far from each other, the walls are cracked and peeling plaster ProSvet places visible from the street.
It seems that everything rests on an honest word.
And local residents are told: "you don't think it is."
Live in a wooden house of the 18th century is very difficult, "says Tatiana 1961, a resident of the apartment no 3.
The object is located on, but its content is not allocated money for dozens of years and we feel the museum exhibits, about which the authorities simply forgotten.
The last renovation was 40 years ago.
Yet at the very least walls remain, but the whole Foundation.
Many tenants still go to the toilet on the street, and washed once a week in a public bath.
How can we be satisfied in such circumstances?
The road passes directly under the windows, even pedestrian zone is not present.
Tatiana raises up the curtain.
Now you can see what until then had only heard: the Windows rushes the flow of cars.
See, glass constantly, Windows can't open, and to noise are accustomed.
Man adjusts to everything, for good and bad.
Our apartment still top, courtesy of her husband, he has golden hands.
Moreover, the two rooms we live together with her son.
And other families have much worse conditions, on the second floor of the general ceilings just over one and a half meters high.
For contrast, offers to go to visit the roommate out of the apartment no 6 Lyudmila Starostin.
A friendly woman with a cup of coffee and threshold with the saddest smile says:
We have a studio apartment, 14.5 m 2 for four people, as well as live: we with her husband and daughter with his granddaughter.
I am here with the birth, another living space was never, "Lyudmila eyes room, mezzanine, two sofa letter" G "; one of them is granddaughter with a laptop.
Very closely and differs little from a domestic interior: only the ceilings are beautiful, "historical."
But regular flows from the ceiling: plumbing system isn't good.
Lyudmila says about his apartment conventionally and surprising at the same time, as the Italian house, which stands on the Roman ruins.
That is reduced in one very old and recent, everyday and legendary:
Water spent about 40 years ago, during the last repair.
At the same time, have made us a small kitchen in the former Pantry and toilet.
We live just where Demidov with family, lived on the second floor of the servants.
Our apartment is not privatized, yes, and why?
Real estate in the center of the Ufa say privatization does not matter.
Still get only a one-bedroom apartment can't claim more.
Already four months ago promised us, but further promises it won't matter.
Not used to complain and will not.
In this apartment (room!) lived a dynasty: my grandparents, mum and dad, I'm with my husband and my daughter with his granddaughter.
Everything happened during this time.
For example, are vigorous rats ran through the kitchen.
Look at the walls of the building, they meter-long thickness.
Say, the solution was involved in eggs, so long rests.
House built thoroughly, thanks Demidovsky!
Perhaps, just so no one killed or Deep foundation ceiling.
Only building still slowly dying on our eyes: boards and log houses rot, floors repeatedly have fallen, we pouring cement, but it is useless - solution goes into the ground, as well.
They say, it is - under our bathroom the concealed Laz and move to the River White, who once lived here, the Old Believers made specially to escape danger, in which case.
They are harassed.
Lyudmila Boris position tells how it came to a historian, pleaded to, so he started to dig in the apartment.
And then urged to give them housing space in exchange for their October on the Avenue.
Lyudmila historian refused:
where are we in?
But here at least a tiny hope is that will give housing.
We agree on the exchange, nothing would have won.
However, Starostin family and didn't win anything.
The biggest dream of Lyudmila to, and 16-year-old daughter with his granddaughter gave a separate room.
The two families have identified two-room apartment instead of not the majestic ruins, in which two generations lived now.
Cute, miniature girl Olesya Karsakova from apartments No 11 and 12 shows the second floor of the House.
There in two cramped totaling 23 m 2, called apartments, lives her big family.
We just seven people, two children.
See for yourself what conditions.
pieces of plaster and window frames, walls in the kitchen and in rooms cross-cutting holes.
The water in the year-round Crane only cold.
Dash to sing the old house of Ufa, we can ensure that the most fortunate Lavrentyeva spouses out of apartment no 4.
They occupy the most spacious rooms of the first floor.
You're right, places a lot!
Premises in 75 squares, spelled out three people.
We live just in those rooms, where according to legend Suvorov stayed during his stay in Ufa, "says the head of the Alexander Dmitrievich Lavrentyev.
High ceilings, spacious.
One bad - everything is sputtering, collapses and crumbles.
Neighbors probably already told!
Most of the suffering we have with floors: wooden planks, the earth literally went out of the legs.
I set the stand, wedges; in the hall still nothing and go to another room, as in seesaws, so all was not cemented.
The House Merchant Alexander Dmitrievich Yevdokimov Museum-Preserve of history can tell better than any guide.
To applies to both native and speaks of it with admiration.
Indeed, the personality was fantastic: the owner and Uzyanskogo Kaginskogo plants built houses, cannons and bells, kept Ural mines.
Heirs of the estate are proud of ancestor, but live under one roof with history no longer want.
I lived here as a child in the 1940s, the 20th century, "says Alexander Dmitrievich.
Then stood around wooden rooms for Kyiv, stables and booth, subsequently.
In 1968, wanted to remove, and our home, but something prevented...
The same story was repeated in 2014: new housing again.
We as a team have collected all documents necessary resort, and suddenly learned that moving into apartments is transferred in 2015 or 2016.
Something already doesn't believe in all this...
Two years ago, Lavrentyev went to the Ministry of Culture of the Republic of Bashkortostan, to learn the fate of their homes.
Officials (not accepted.
Sent from one table to another, and then, as in mockery, issued without the signature piece of paper and print, "the ministry of culture does not oppose resettlement of residents."
I even have a feeling that our house is not present in the town for a long time, because when he was at number 57, then was 57 and, now 57 / 1.
As if it was demolished in the 1970s.
"Russian Planet" turned to head the information analytical work on land resources management Vladimir Barabash Ufa.
House on the street of the October revolution 57 / 1 is included in the program of settling old housing.
I can't answer for the actions of officials of the 70s, only know that at that time there was a plan for the demolition of old buildings, despite the historical significance.
Fortunately, this has not happened, and the modern government is to restore all the ancient houses along the street of the October Revolution, representing architectural value, is successfully implemented.
Residents in the nearest future it is planned to on new apartments.
According to Barabash, restore House Museum-Preserve of history will be Italian experts who participated in the restoration of buildings in Venice.
Now in Italy passes architectural Biennale, and the "old Ufa" is there among others.
I hope that by 2016 all former Old Kazan Street will be rebuilt, "said the official.
Homes will get a proper view, a fact which was earlier, three centuries ago.
House Museum-Preserve of history, is likely to become a museum, open to all comers.
In addition, the level of government decided to make pedestrian street at the weekend.
In life, unfortunately, does not work, too much workload of roads in the city.
people from the future museum of Vladimir Svetlana Barabash promises in 2015.
However, it is unlikely that they will be happy: their new apartments will be the same size as current.
Only from another era.
In Primorye due to thunderstorms started a wildfire
The storm was the cause of a forest fire on the hunting district forestry in Fire district of Primorsky territory.
At the site of the fire is the grouping of forces and resources.
According to the leadership of KGSBU "seaside air base," with its on-site fire conditions require the involvement of Aviation Forces.
Vasily Medvedev, deputy chief of the air base:
The fire caused by the difficult terrain, discovered a An-2 aircraft patrol the area of 3 hectares.
Burn wood residues on the old.
Strong territory and steepness of a slope of more than 45 degrees, the lack of suitable for landing sites create significant difficulties in putting out.
The Mi-8 helicopter is needed.
Delivery of power available at the disposal of the air base by helicopter Mi-2 and An-2 plane is difficult.
After the fire detection in the fight were promptly planted 4.
The main goal of the staff is to extinguish fires and preparing the ground for the delivery of additional forces, and fire-fighting equipment.
In the afternoon in the village of hunting by helicopter delivered an additional 3.
As soon as the platform for landing a helicopter in the area of fire will be ready, the experts will be reallocated to the fight, according to the website of the administration of Primorsky territory.
Lenny Henry: my father never hugged me.
Never said "I love you"
Henry was one of seven children born into a family of immigrants from Jamaica in Dudley in Midlands in 1958.
His father, who died when Henry was 19, worked in a factory, and their relations have been limited.
Henry preparing comedy, "rare record Rudi," which partly based on imaginary conversations with his father and grew out of a series of programmes on Radio 4.
The soundtrack is a mix of reggae and rap, and melodies -.
However, Henry had to get through some difficult memories of childhood.
After the death of his mother was "a lot" of treatment, moreover, Henry often mused about the relationship with his father.
He was very inaccessible.
You never saw his face, you just heard his voice: "don't make any noise at all.
from sisters.
!
I want to watch the cricket.
My older brothers Seymour and Hilton, who were adults when I was a child, walked with him in the pub and talked about such things as a form of beer glasses, the beauty of the strike in cricket.
I have never talked with him.
He was so guy in the corner, who was reading a newspaper a large part of my life.
Henry's recently opened casting workshop in Dudley and, though conditions are better than in the days of his father, he was able to look at what must have been his life.
Now there's a little bit better, but it is dark,, labyrinths' nether depths with flashes of fire and lots of smoke and soot.
My father in the bathtub and just lay there, and you have heard how he slowly begins to sing to myself, because he wanted from foundry workshop.
When I came back, I realized that he was doing it years and years to earn our livelihood, and I began to appreciate it more.
Nevertheless, Henry emerged from childhood deprived of parental love.
My father never hugged, never said, "I love you."
Only when my mother became ill at the end of her life, we began to say, "I love you, I love you, I love you.
The birth of her own daughter, Billy, from Don French, enabled him to share the love with which he lacked in childhood.
You can stop this "I love you"?
Just don't hug me!
Dad, I'm 22!
With Don tunic.
Why would I not be friends with her?
She's a great mom
They are still good friends with the French, which he has been married 25 years.
Don is a good man.
Why would I not be friends with Don?
She's a great mom.
Henry was the mother of the diabetes.
He was one of what killed her.
So when I'm very, very recovered and I had symptoms of diabetes, my doctor said, "you must take radical measures.
Then I started serious training, and I also had to go on a strict diet to get rid of the symptoms.
It is very difficult.
And it's boring.
No one eats carrots.
A change of career trajectories of Henry reflected, perhaps, in his noble, briefly Beard.
Since he received the recognition of critics for his Othello, he completely immersed in theatre.
Was followed by "comedy of errors," and then "fences" Augusta Georgia Wilson.
This work is different from sitcoms and comedies that were an integral part of his busy professional life.
He began his career when he was 16 and worked in a factory.
DJ noticed how he is a parody on the stage, and wrote about it in "new faces."
His career in television began in the Seventies: "quite a long time I was the only black / comic on television."
He studied at work.
I not only had to grow in the eyes of the public, I had to learn to be an effective vehicle for delivering jokes between 1975 and 1985, as a star, working on TV, and it was very difficult.
Lenny in "New Faces" in 1975
As his manager had the right to a "Black and White Minstrels show," a light entertainment program in which people face "himself," Henry found that is in it for five years.
My family is very disliked.
I, like, want to do that never happened with me, but I don't regret that I did it.
Although it was a strange, worthy of condemnation position, I worked on large sites and was working with the crowd.
But what was "received awards of light entertainment classic British television for years and years," had been "grotesque parody of black people."
Presenting characters that made fun of black culture in the UK, and sing it, Henry worked in the alternative Comedy project in the 1980s.
The first season of "The Lenny Henry Show" aired in 1984, and in the 1990s he was known as, among other things, the chef Geret Bleklok from comedy series "boss!."
Commercials, documentaries, TV shows and roles in movies took the next ten years of his life, but after his show on BBC in 2008 lennyhenry.tv "," he thought, "What are you going to do next, flax, because some think you time or quietly to the side."
Next was a series of documentary broadcasts on Radio 4 called "What good...?"
The first was about Shakespeare.
I had a real allergy to Shakespeare.
It cannot be said to me really taught this in high school, and I thought it was, in many ways, the prerogative of white middle-class people with his nylons and cabbage at the bottom of the front.
So I was very afraid of him.
Anyone we took an interview for transmission, Peter Hall, Trevor Nunn, Adrian Lester, Judy Dench said: "you have to try.
Not Ruga it, as long as you don't know what to say.
aloud some of these words, and you will understand why we are so fond of Shakespeare.
Henry read 20 rows from the last monologue of Othello for the documentary, and his.
I have the feeling that I can do it.
It's like my head.
"that's what it is, it is serious business, treat it seriously, learn your text, make a small study.
So the process of rehearsals was tough, and I read this play for months and months before we made it.
And it was a success.
It seemed that they were waiting for catastrophe, and it didn't happen.
Soon we began a "comedy of errors."
Suddenly, I'm at the National Theatre, and I just couldn't believe it until the end.
There was one moment when I thought, "Oh, you have changed." "
There was a technical problem, and Henry instinctively felt that his job is to entertain the public.
"a voice inside me said," you have to work 10 minutes while they repaired a computer. ""
Instead, assistant director announced that representation will resume as soon as the problem will be solved.
I left the scene and something in me said, 'Oh, thank God. "
It's not my duty.
I can let someone else deal with it.
"you play to play, stay in the role." "
Henry in "Dachess Fence" in the theater
Learn the text for "Fences" was difficult.
Panic is quite useful, it strengthens the muscle.
It, too, was good, so it was a sign showing: "what you need to do." "
He says that, of course, Gromov voice.
So I this.
I really love it.
I love to be in Hall.
By the way, Henry is still thinking comedian - all the way our conversation flashes of his humor when he then starts, it finishes.
I just decided not to work in Stand-up comedy because this thing with the instant gratification of a room full of strangers, I think, quite dangerous.
If you want to do it all the time, this can lead to a dead end.
I sometimes work in "Live at the Apollo," when I want, but basically I don't get so much pleasure as before.
I ask whether he will tour Stand-up comedy ever again.
The joy of sitting in a room with the director, who helps to shape the beginning, the middle and the end of the way - I don't think I ever want to withdraw from it.
This is his new incarnation?
I think so.
I like being an actor.
It's good fun.
You always are talking a story, and a great place to do it here.
I love the history.
People love stories.
Kenya registers public officials to identify ""
Kenya began registration of all government employees in an attempt to remove the "" from the government's payroll.
Employees who do not register in the next two weeks, will no longer pay, according to a government statement.
The government suspects that thousands of people continue to receive salaries after leaving the civil service.
President Ukhuru Kenyatta promised to reduce corruption in government agencies after it came to power in 2013.
Audit earlier this year found that at least $1 million (£700,000) a month is due to the "" payments and other financial irregularities.
The government suspects that wages continue to come into bank accounts, even after a person dies or leaves government service, BBC reporter Vanyama Chebusiri reports from the capital, Nairobi.
All public servants must come within the next two weeks in identification centers to ensure that their data will be collected by the biometric registration procedure, according to a government statement.
Anyone who doesn't do it without a valid reason, will be removed from the payroll, according to him.
"this procedure will contribute to significantly streamline the civil service, identifying the actual number of public servants, and will also be used to purify payment statement on both levels of government - hence" puts an end to the problem, "said Ann Vayguru, cabinet secretary of planning and structuring of power.
Dozens of Turkish police officers arrested in connection with the "plot" against the government
A total of 33 police officers were detained in Turkey on suspicion of "conspiracy against the government," according to local news agencies.
Police officials did not immediately respond to this information.
Among the detained were 14 high-ranking officers, according to Khyurriet Daily News.
Some of them last December, participated in events to identify corruption, which was aimed at checking government officers, including four government ministers.
In July, several Turkish policemen were arrested on suspicion of setting up an organized criminal group and listening to the phone.
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan (who at the time was prime minister) determined their actions as part of the measures taken against him and others, those in power, the Islamic clergy Fetkhullakhom Gyulenom.
Not all children have returned to school in Ukraine
Schools in the greater part of Ukraine again opened their doors on Monday (September 1) after the summer holidays.
This day is traditionally a big event for families and, like thousands of other Ukrainian parents, Prime Minister Arseny Yatseniuk took his daughter to school.
There he said the travelers expecting journalists that not all schools were opened again, but that he will do everything possible to protect the country for future generations:
The ceremony was held on September 1 in every school.
There is a peaceful sky over every part of Ukraine.
We should fight for a peaceful sky.
All of Ukraine, a huge single Ukrainian People's Front, should fight for a peaceful sky.
Aleks shepherds, director of the school in Sloviansk, which went to the daughter of Yatseniuk, said in Russian.
We hope that peace finally will be established here and that children will receive the knowledge that will be useful in their future life.
The first day of school traditionally celebrate the fact that children wear embroidered shirts, hold balloons in their hands and give flowers to their teachers.
In the face of parties Feyrkhed BBC may have found such an impressive leader, which she needs
For her loop of fame comes from the world of banking, media management and domestic circles of the Tory party.
In fact, she has her own experience in leading positions.
Her career started in the global management consulting firm Bain and Co, and then continued at Morgan Stanley, bombadier, here and in the world of mass media in the pearsons.
She was head of the Financial Times for seven years, gone into retirement when the high post in the parent company Pearson's took, held a lower position.
They say its earnings approaching £1 million.
Its political rating is also durable.
It recommended that David Cameron, Lord Browne, former head of BP, when he attempted to bring specialists from the private sector in Whitehall: she became an adviser to the cabinet of ministers.
Her husband, a former adviser to the Tories.
Earlier in May, I called the work of the poisoned bowl.
The BBC is not just a huge and complex organization at the heart of public life, but in its structure there is the paradox.
The council has two purposes: inside as the upper level of management of the BBC hierarchy but also outside as the voice of public concern and unrest, when something goes wrong.
It's almost unreachable duopoly, which is full of radical reform.
But what the new chairman would take the risk to come, and destroying the institute is as complicated as the Chinese dynasty if he would work himself in the process.
This is a tough decision.
It is not so difficult, many people will be glad to see the BBC reduced in size, "after reviewing its powers, finance and status.
As the narrow circle of competitors and new technologies are challenging cosy old habits, the inevitable talks about the value of the licenses represent a special danger to the BBC.
For the modest sum of £145,50 per year Britons acquire a stake in, definitely, the greatest media company in the world.
BBC tells a good story: she says that the results of its work cover 96 percent of households and each of them cost just 40p a day.
Moreover, it is clear that the beeb's popularity is rising: 53 percent support it today against 31 per cent 10 years ago.
Models of viewing and use of the BBC have changed: now I get news headlines on the mobile phone and watch missed programmes on iplayer.
But she remains very popular and formidable institution.
He needs an impressive chairman - I hope it found him.
Perry of Texas said the humiliating was written by someone with
with Texas Republican Governor Rick Perry confirmed the account on Sunday night contained offensive image of the Democratic district attorney, which is located in the middle of the prosecution on charges of abuse of power.
was later removed, and followed by a another account with Perry in which this entry was.
Just from my account was published, which was written by outsiders.
"I don't approve this, and I took it," according to a later entry.
Perry's aides did not immediately respond to messages for comment.
Although the records were loaded with confirmed Perry's account, it was not clear who actually deals with the publication in this tape.
Earlier contained Rosemary Lemberg caricature in Travis County prosecutor, who was convicted for driving in a state of intoxication in April 2013.
Perry imposed a ban on funding for her office when she refused to resign, which led to a grand jury hearing in Austin this month against Perry, who is a potential presidential candidate in the election of 2016.
Signature in says: "I don't always drive the car in a state of intoxication, 3 times exceeding the permissible level of alcohol in the blood,... but when I do I claim charges against Governor Perry for what he tells me about it."
I'm the drunk Democrat in Texas.
Office Lemberg not led an investigation involving the grand jury against Perry.
It was Michael MakKrum, a special prosecutor from San Antonio, who was appointed.
Perry pleaded not guilty and called the prosecution a political ploy.
His powerful legal team asked the judge leading the case to dismiss the indictment, arguing that the law used to prosecute the governor, executing their duties for all in the history of Texas, indistinct and undefined; it is contrary to the constitution.
Perry stopped funding for $7.5 million from the state department of public control of the state, which is based in the district of Travis and engaged in pursuit of corruption in the public sector of Texas when Lemberg refused to resign.
Veto sparked a formal complaint from the public control group with leftist views.
The tape confirmed Perry's account is updated frequently - and sometimes becomes famous.
When the fifth party congress in Iowa during his presidential campaign in 2012, Perry responded to rumors that he might withdraw from the game, published with a photograph of himself, clan beside Lake, and the words: "that's we, South Carolina!"
Berkeley reports that the real estate market has returned to "normal"
One of the most prominent developers of London warned that the real estate market in the south-east of England "returned" to normal level of activity.
Homes in the capital were the subject of lively demand and rapidly rising prices, while widely spread fears that the credit bubble would push the Bank of England to set the limits for mortgage loans in June.
Tony Pidzhli, founder and chairman of the luxury building company, Berkeley, on Monday said: "since the beginning of the current fiscal year, the market has returned to a normal level of transactions with the 2013 peak," adding that it provided "a stable working environment."
London real estate market flourished during the downturn as foreign buyers gathered in the capital.
Prices in the city jumped by 18.5 percent in the last year alone, according to the land cadastre, significantly outpacing average 6.7 percent in England and Wales as a whole.
The average market prices for private, affordable and student schemes Berkeley has grown by about one fifth in the past year, reaching £423000 in late April.
However, the strengthening of the pound in recent months has made London property less attractive to foreign buyers, some of whom stopped also the introduction of new taxes on real estate and political rhetoric surrounding the potential "mansions" tax before national elections next May.
London real estate agency foxtons last week warned that April reform of the mortgage market, which were introduced more stringent terms of the loan also would entail a reduction in market growth, as real estate transactions and prices during the second half of the year.
Fresh data from the Bank of England on Monday showed a drop in the number of mortgages approved in June, suggesting further cooling in the housing market.
hamptons International, another real estate agency, cut its forecast of growth of prices for London properties for 2015 to 3 percent based on what the real estate prices already began to wane.
Transaction volumes, meanwhile, fell by a quarter compared to the previous year in the most expensive areas of London, such as Chelsea, Kensington and Mayfair, according to agency WA Ellis.
Nevertheless, demand for homes in the capital turned out to be very profitable for Berkeley, propelling sales volumes on the amount above £2.2 billion.
Mr. Pidzhli added: "demand for the goods with good design and the best location is unchanged, reflecting this, sales for the period have been preserved."
In June, the company reported that it sold 3742 new homes in the year to the end of April - almost a third more than in the pre-crisis peak of 2007.
Annual profit before tax rose by 40 percent compared with the previous year to £380 million, revenue by 18 per cent to £1.6 billion.
Speaking on Monday before the company's annual meeting, Mr. Pidzhli reported that alleged income Berkeley for this year will meet current market expectations.
According to the unanimous opinion of analysts expected profit before tax for the whole year for £450 million.
The price of shares in Berkeley has rested on £23,96 in the afternoon on the London Stock Exchange.
Jennifer Lawrence naked photos published in the Internet hacker
Jennifer Lawrence arrives at the ceremony of awarding 85- annual prize of the American Academy.
Nude photos of actress Jennifer Lawrence, received the award "Oscar," were uploaded to the Internet hacker, who said he has a "catalogue" of another 100 rising stars.
Representative of the "Hunger Games" star confirmed that the photos of Lawrence are real, and denounced the "brazen hacker invasion of personal space."
Filed an appeal to the law enforcement bodies, and they will pursue anyone who will publish the stolen photos of Jennifer Lawrence.
The photos, which were originally built on the photo sharing website 4chan allegedly were obtained thanks to the lack of Online storage Apple iCloud system, and the "catalogue" of hacking victims includes the names of the dozen Women's Celebrity, including Rihanna, Kim Kardashian, Mary Elizabeth Winsted and Mary-Kate Olsen, according to buzzfeed.
It is unclear how many of these photographs are authentic, although star Scott carried against all "Winsted on Twitter also condemned the hacking.
"those who looks at the photographs that we made with her husband a few years ago, homes - I hope you're proud of yourself," Winsted wrote on Twitter.
However, Victoria Justice of nickolodeon series "iCarly" and "Victorious" denied that the photographs it, writing on Twitter: "these so-called naked photo of me palpably, people.
Let's I eradicate this in the bud. * * * * * * * * * * * * pun is intended.
buzzfeed reported last Sunday that the pop star Ariane Grande denied that the photo on which, presumably, she, genuine.
An exclusive excerpt from the new novel by Howard program about love and the letter "J," which praise critics
They, better to say so, they gradually as a cardboard box that was left in the rain.
Only sometimes the woman told him that he too serious, hard to communicate, hard, indoor and maybe a little.
And then she his hand.
He saw in his irritability.
He was as, yes.
The latest victim of this was little novel, from which he waited more than usual, getting rid of lonely and boring life, and perhaps even some satisfaction.
Solomonz was about the fragile beautiful with hair and heart of North Island villages even more remote and harsh than Royben port.
She came to the south with older than themselves, which Kevern believed her aunt, while the latter inherited a house in crude, but like the Paradise Valley under the joyful called "heavenly Valley."
No one lived in the house for several years.
Pipes, poured in the baths were sitting motionless spiders, left their traces on all windows, confident that the house belongs to them; Garden weeds like giant Kochan cabbage.
It was like a cottage from children's books, both terrifying and seductive, with a garden full of secrets.
The author: Howard Jacobson, whose novel "J" is included in the Long List Bukerovskoy award in 2014.
The shortlist will be announced next week
Eylinn and sat, holding hands, broken the among the high grass, enjoying unexpectedly warm spring day; they both idly tapped into cheap console, which manufactured the country offer music and to be more restful news when glancing at her brown legs crossed, he remembered an old song long forgotten black singer, which loved to listen to his father, drooping curtains in the House.
You have too much leg.
Because of their inherent aggressiveness, songs of this type on the console is no longer have lost.
They were not banned - nothing actually was not prohibited - because they no longer have lost.
Helped them become archaic as the word "archaic."
Public taste did what would have never managed to achieve orders and regulations, as well as among the books people chose memoirs rich, raised in poverty, cookbooks and love the novels, of all the music they chose ballads.
By this afternoon, Kevern began playing the piano and rough ideation Eylinn so funny voice singing great legs.
didn't understand.
"it was popular the jazz pianist whom called Fats Waller," he told her, mechanically placing two fingers to his lips.
So always did his father to stop the letter "J," before it fall from his lips.
It started with a game in which they played when he was younger.
His father played in it with his father, as he told him.
Start the word with "J," forgetting to put two fingers to her mouth, and it will cost you a penny.
It was not a very fun game back then, and it was a lot of fun now.
He knew that this is expected of him, that's all.
He had to explain what a jazz.
ever heard.
Jazz also did not play, although he was not explicitly prohibited.
Improvisation went out of fashion.
There is only one place in the life of the "if."
When the song began, people wanted to know exactly where it will end.
With wit, exactly the same way.
His unpredictability was people on the nerves.
And jazz was wit, marked with the help of music.
Though he has reached the age of 10 years, never about Sammy Davis younger, Kevern knew about jazz from paternal partially secret CDs.
But at least he didn't have to speak Eylinn that Fats Waller was black.
Given its age, it is unlikely that she remembered a time when popular singers were not black.
Again, no laws or pressure.
The society was docile, and this meant that each of his segment agreed with gratitude - gratitude those spared the fate, with the principle of a group.
People origin on temperament and physical characteristics are suitable for sports and entertainment areas - and they sang and ran.
Natives of Hindustan as if from nature talented in everything related to electronics, are to ensure that no family is left without a working electronic phone.
What is left of the Polish diaspora, was works; what is left of the Greek, two-room plates.
Coming from the Persian Gulf and the Levant, whose grandfathers were not promptly leave the country, when what happened, if anything happened happened, in fear that they blamed for fueling the flames, in fear, in fact, that the flames would engulf them following, have opened restaurants with Labna and Hookah, not people lining and yearned from leisure.
Each according to his abilities.
As she had heard only ballads, Eylinn was difficult to understand how offensive words that just her Kevern, generally could be set to music.
Music is an expression of love.
"they are not really offensive," said Kevern.
It may be, for people who have large feet.
My father never offended no one, but he adored the song.
He said too much, but the garden gave him the illusion of security.
No word could not penetrate the soundproofing of giant leaves, similar to Brassicaceae.
still did not understand.
As your father could love this?
He wanted to say that this is a joke, but he didn't want it again two fingers to his lips.
She already thought it strange.
"it seemed funny," he said instead.
She shook her head incredulously, banning Kevernu review.
In the whole world there was nothing but her hair.
Nothing on what he wanted to watch.
"well, if you say so," she said, leaving in his opinion.
But that still doesn't explain why you me it.
She seemed really upset.
I have very big legs?
He looked at them again.
It is impossible to say no.
The ankle, maybe a little bit...
And you say you hate me because my ankles are too thick?
I hate you?
Of course, I don't hate you.
It's just this stupid song.
He could say, "I love you," but it was too early to do so.
"I like you because you have thick ankles," he tried to say instead.
I have such a perversion.
It was wrong.
He wanted it was ridiculous.
Attempts to joke frequently made him situation, because, like his father, he lacked the soothing charm, which could mitigate the cruelty, the Joke.
Maybe his father wanted to be cruel.
Can be, and he Kevern, wanted.
Despite the good eyes.
Solomonz she blushed and got up with sun loungers, console and the wine that they drank.
Wine from the elder so that intoxication could not serve as his excuse.
In his excitement, it seemed, with a palm leaves in Uragan.
"but I like you because you have Dumb head," she said.
Although not.
He was sorry her and because of excessive harshness of his words, and because of fear, who appeared in her eyes when she gave him offside.
Whether she thought that he hit her?
She has not talked to him about life on the cold northern archipelago, where she grew up, but he had no doubt that, in basic terms, it was like the.
The same huge icy ocean struck both of them.
Those same confused men, even more sensitive and capricious after what happened, if anything happened, than their ancestors, smugglers and Demolition Man, wandering from pub to pub in fury, ready to raise a hand on any woman, denying them or them.
Dumb head?
They would have shown her a fist if it was not careful.
Would first - Kiss has now become the most common expressions of erotic stimulation between a man and a woman; an antidote from freshwater ballads, which yielded the "first kiss her, and then hit.
Excessive clarification, according to Keverna because the kiss itself was already hooliganism.
The Solomonz showed that he needs to leave.
He rose from the sun loungers, as an old man.
She felt Lead weight, but the weight of his grief surprised her.
It was not the end of the world.
They barely knew each other.
She watched as he goes, and watched from the top window as he leaves, her companion, a man of himself on themselves.
Adam, leaving the garden, she thought.
She felt a stab of compassion for him, and men in general, even though some of them and raised her hand.
The man, from it, with back,, slain, the ability to fight deserted him - why she felt she knew so well, if she couldn't recall a single occasion, until today, when she saw to this?
One Eylinn Solomonz again looked at their feet.
For twenty years before the events described above or so Esmé Nussbaum, smart and energetic 32nd Summer, which worked in "Ofnau" informal service to control the public mood, has prepared a report on the low and medium levels of violence in those parts of the country where it was expected that they would, if not stop altogether, given the money and power that stood out for its eradication.
"much has been done, and much has been done," she wrote, "to soften the innate aggressiveness of people who fought in a war and won most of them, especially among these branches and narrow terrain, where, despite above the spires of churches, gentle breath of human kindness was rarely in history.
However, some of the quality, it turns out,.
The higher the spire, it would seem, the those passions that he.
People shed tears for his sentimental ballads, are presented, swallows stories about interruptions and announces its overheated belief in the virtue of marriage and family life, but not only the old rudeness retains its strong grip as in rural communities, as well as in urban settlements, but there is evidence that is new and vile in homes, in the workplace, on roads and even in playgrounds.
"do you have a habit of writing too much," said her supervisor read the report as a whole.
It seems to me that you should read shorter novels.
Esmé Nussbaum lowered her head.
I must also ask you: you?
"I think that is not obliged to answer," said Esmé Nussbaum.
You lesbian?
Esmé again insisted on his right to privacy and silence.
Feminist?
Again silence.
"I ask you," Luther Rabinovits finally said, "not because I am against atheism, or feminism.
Here we do not have prejudices.
We are the servants of society without prejudice.
But some kinds of Hypersensitivity, absolutely reasonable and laudable in themselves, can sometimes distort the results, such as those that you have shown me.
It is obvious, that you yourself against the church, and what you call "vicious" and "brutal," the other would be interpreted as an expression of natural healthy and vitality.
Continue about what happened, if anything happened, as if it had happened, if anything happened, yesterday would deprive the country needed her life force.
Esmé Nussbaum looked round the sides until Rabinovits said.
Over his head, pink as a flamingo, led letters repeated advice that "Ofnau" gave the country the last quarter-century or more.
his neighbour, appreciate his wife, listen ballads go to musicals, talk on the phone, communicate,, listen,,.
The conversation is better than silence, word of the song better than the written word, but there is nothing better than love.
"I totally understand what you're saying," quietly answered Esmé Nussbaum when satisfied that her supervisor had finished speaking, "and I don't want to say anything, except that we don't as efficiently as we convince ourselves.
I am concerned that if we are not ready, we will find that we repeat the mistakes, which initially led to what happened, if anything happened.
Only this time we their anger and distrust, not on others.
Luther Pyraminx Rabinovits joined the tips of his fingers.
That gesture was supposed to mean endless patience.
"you go too far," he said, "called" mistakes "actions that have committed or not committed our grandfathers.
You go too far and when talking about what they threw their "anger" and "frustration" at the "other."
On your site should not need always to remind people about the fact that, in the past, that is, in the present, we are not talking about "us" and "them."
There is no "us" and no "other."
It was a time of turmoil - and that's all that we know.
"for that, to be honest with ourselves," dared to insert Esmé, "no part of society could well justify themselves.
I am not accusing anyone.
Whether it was good or bad, what is done is done.
That was then.
No need to say anything - here we agree.
And how not to blame anybody, we should not make excuses and if it was appropriate, or if it was something to fix.
But why the past, if not to learn -
Past that we've forgotten it.
If I can add to that one word -
Luther Rabinovitsa pyramid collapsed.
"I'll cover your report," he said, sending it.
The next day, on the way to work, she knocked off, who left on the sidewalk, as described by passers-by, "in a vicious rage."
Matches happen.
Lesotho's Army claims that the coup was planned; the prime minister remains in South Africa
Representatives of the Lesotho army denied the fact of insurrection to overthrow the government, saying that they acted against the police, which is suspected of trying to equip political fanatics.
Prime Minister Thomas Tabán left the country, saying that the country's army surrounded his official residence and seized government buildings in the capital of Maseru.
The prime minister took his family to neighboring South Africa, saying he had received threats against his life.
Army spokesman Maj. Ntlele Ntoi said that was not, in fact, a coup d'etat, but the army reacted to a threat from "political fanatics" the police tried to capitalize.
"what happened this morning is that the command of the armed forces of Lesotho has taken measures, having received several intelligence reports that among the police forces there are some elements that really plan to equip some political, young fanatics of political parties, which were ready to organize chaos," he told Voice of America.
A spokesman for the South African government Kleyson Monela said the actions of the army looked like a coup.
"although nobody has claims on the seizure of power by force, by all reports, the armed forces of Lesotho at the moment are the main signs of the coup," he said.
Representatives of the Lesotho army reported that the soldiers returned to barracks on Sunday and that calm in the capital.
Meanwhile, Deputy Prime Minister of the government in the absence of Tabán Motetzhoa Metsing manages.
Tabán said he believes that is attacked in connection with an attempt to tackle corruption in the country.
The situation in Lesotho is very tense since June, when Tabán suspended parliamentary sessions as a result of disagreement in their joint government.
He said that his actions have not undermined the government, despite accusations to the contrary.
Chelsea midfielder Marco van Ginkel will spend the coming season on loan at Milan, "said Milan Channel.
21-year-old Dutchman will arrive in Italy in the coming hours to pass a medical examination.
Last season he was on the field at the London club only three times.
Recall that earlier Milan striker Fernando Torres when Liverpool had rented.
Production in the eurozone at the lowest figure in 13 months
Output growth in the euro zone slowed to the lowest in 13 months in August, according to the study.
The business index (PMI) from markit eurozone manufacturing sector fell to 50.7 in August mark, dropping from 51.8 in July.
The value of above 50 indicates growth.
New orders held off, and businesses have suffered amid rising tension between the EU and Russia in connection with the Ukraine.
Values came before a meeting of the European Central Bank (ECB) on Thursday.
Markets will be waiting on the bank of a clear plan of how to stop the eurozone's recovery, as well as the threat of deflation, with inflation of just 0.3%.
There is speculation that ECB chief Mario Draghi later this week may give additional signals that he is considering a scheme of quantitative easing for the eurozone, similar to those used by the United Kingdom and the United States during the financial crisis.
"although some growth is better than no growth at all, the braking effect of the growing economic and geopolitical uncertainty for producers is becoming more evident," said Rob Dobson, senior economist at markit.
Germany's PMI of the manufacturing sector, the biggest trade partner of Russia in the EU has fallen to the lowest level for 11 months of 51.4.
Meanwhile, in the second largest economic bloc, France, the PMI fell to 46.9.
France continues to be a real concern, as well as weakening Italy from stable growth to stagnation.
Signs that growth momentum faded in the main industrial engine, Germany, as well as in Spain and the Netherlands, also adds to the confidence, "said Mr Dobson.
Slowdown in the industry, most likely still would add fuel to the fire of analysts expecting the introduction of additional monetary stimulus or.
One positive news was from Ireland, where the PMI rose to 57.3, its highest level since the end of 1999.
Howard Archer, chief economist at IHS Global Insight, said: "the best that can be said about the August survey index of business activity in the eurozone manufacturing sector, is that it shows that the sector is still growing."
He added: "eurozone manufacturers clearly finding life very difficult at the moment, as the current increased geopolitical tension - particularly associated with Russia / Ukraine - adds uncertainty still difficult conditions in many countries.
This increased tensions, obviously, hit on business - and especially on the confidence of consumers and probably lead to what some orders are delayed, or even cancelled, especially large orders.
He said that "more and more like the" that the ECB, of course, will have to undertake some form of quantitative easing, "although we suspect that it will be limited."
Residents of Mariupol put a chain against militias
In Mariupol until last week was all calm, nobody Mariupol back to people's Republic, the city on the Azov Sea, lived and worked.
Now residents await with horror parish "militias."
According to political analysts, separatists break to Mariupol to go to sea - Novoazovsk Azov was recently taken town, which before that have not been part of the self-proclaimed republics.
decided that the Ukrainian army, but will protect them, but she has a bit of force against armed members of DNR-LNR perfectly, and gathered to help the military.
They dig trenches, construct roadblocks and fortifications.
In the evening, several thousand residents arrived on Saturday at the eastern border city, and stood there in the live circuit, singing the Ukrainian national anthem.
They're going to do the same in the case of occurrence.
Volunteers collect and blocking equipment and products, collect medicines, publishing a newspaper.
In a city gradually close shops, stop job banks and ATMs.
Ten years of hell for survivors of Beslan: ten years of horrifying school seizure, as children who appeared in it, still suffer
Ten years ago, more than 1,000 people were taken hostage by Chechen rebels at a school in Beslan, in southern Russia
More than 330 people, more than half of them children, were killed during the three-day test which shocked the world
We returned to Beslan to find some of the victims who lied to death during the atrocities in school
Exactly 10 years after the deadly Beslan school seizure, during which killed 334 people, including 186 children, heroically survived the disaster warned last night of a new apocalypse in Ukraine.
When terrorists, Islamic fanatics, captured and killed children and parents on September 1, 2004, at the beginning of a new quarter, it seemed a kind of extreme evil.
The tragedy united the east and west in, which surprisingly then turned into action and hope for the future in the face of a difficult grief.
Ten years later, we returned to Beslan in southern Russia, to find some of the victims who lied to death during the atrocities in school.
We have wonderful young people, who oppose the trouble, although memories of terrorist hell will live with them forever.
Their greatest hope?
That war, which now afflicts Ukraine in which the same children as they are now will be stopped.
The girl, who is trying to climb back in the photo gymnasium
She captured in the photo of a famous Russian photographer Dmitry Belyakov when one underwear tried to get back in the gym after the explosion mines.
Embarrassed by Aida desperately searched for her mother, Larisa, who is now 40.
There were fears that the two they died, but in reality, they survived.
"the woman told me to run struggling, but I couldn't," said Aida then.
My legs were covered with blood.
I got up and climbed back inside to find my mother.
Soldiers picked up and took her to a safe place.
After a sequence of operations, she thought fully recovered but yesterday said: "three months ago, the pain returned.
I'm afraid I may need another operation.
A few splinters in my left knee.
Her goal now is to become The Dentist, helping people as much as it helped doctors.
"this tragedy has changed my life, but it is, of course, not it," she says with the challenge.
"it happened to me, and you cannot change this fact.
Once a year, I always go to the gym to remember all those who remained there.
My friends and I try not to talk about it in other days.
Pain is too strong.
My best friend, who was to become my, Dzera Gapoeva was killed there.
We played together when were young, and dreamed that go to school together.
"I don't want to get married until they finish their studies and do not begin to work.
Then I'd think about the family.
She says the seizure is still with her, though memories of the fade a little each year.
I am pleased that many people in the world still remember about our predicament, and we are grateful for the assistance we received from people from the UK and everywhere.
When I see a photo on the Internet, where I Les in school window, I think many people see it for the first time, learn about our tragedy and make it so that this never happened.
The boy, who fled through a hail of bullets, believing that his mother is dead
It was his first day in school (Russians are beginning to study at the school in seven years) and endured three days of capture, embracing his mother Tamara.
When he was seven, and he said: "my mother told me to lie down, if there is an explosion, and to hold her hand."
After one of the explosions, he thought she was dying.
She told him: "run."
Fearing that she was dead, he ran down the road and saw the crying baby, grabbed the child by the hand and ran through a hail of bullets.
His father, Vladimir, who grabbed the son outside, said, "Damir told me that his mother had died.
He said: "I couldn't save her." "
In fact, Tamara had to freedom and was in the hospital with wounds in the legs, in turn, thinking that her son was killed.
After their reunion, she said: "I wept with joy.
I couldn't believe it.
He reached in and hugged me.
Damir later brought to London (now non-existent newspaper News of the world), where it was awarded as a defender of children from the barnardo's Cherie Prime Minister Tony Blair and his wife.
"this horror is returned to you every day, but I would like, so I could stop remembering him," he said yesterday.
But I can say that I have it is to fade in the memory.
I remember right after that I threw all their weapons.
But now I can play computer games with shooting, and it's not a problem for me.
"I am not afraid to return to the gym, but I don't think about myself.
I remember those kids with whom I played in the yard, which has not escaped.
We never say that they killed or dead.
We say that they stayed in the gym.
I remember my trip to London as well, especially the toy shop, where I was allowed to choose whatever I want, and travel in the car with an open riding.
But now he fears for places like Ukraine, where war leads to such grief, which he and his friends have experienced.
This horror comes back to you every day, but I would like, so I could stop remembering him
"I'm so sorry to all those who suffer from these horrors," said Damir, who last week was involved in volunteer work in a women's monastery.
I want to help.
I want to serve in the police ever and I hope that I was included in the training academy in the following year.
His mother Tamara, 48, said: "37 children were killed in our quarter can imagine?
I remember the horrible silence immediately after capture, it was not just the children who would have screamed and ran around, and this silence lasted for many months.
She vividly remembers his trip with Damir in London.
People in London cried when I told our story.
I realized then, as people on the other end of the Earth can understand our feelings, can provide support.
She was grateful to Cherie "Blair and her foundation for the award and the opportunity to go to London in the autumn of 2004.
I would like to call the Cherie and simply to say that 10 years have passed, but I still remember meeting with her and her husband in London and how they helped Damir and me.
I remember when Damir wanted to eat borshch, they called the local Russian restaurants.
I remember he played with Waiting staff restaurant, Damir shot them from a water pistol and they fled and played with him.
And only one month has passed since our nightmare then.
I was shocked that the British were so willing to share our pain and support us.
She said: "I still think that the world is no better for these 10 years.
Now in Ukraine there is a war, people die every day, and I think a lot of children have been killed and will be killed.
It's just the same children as our own.
I think for many people, war is a news report which they listen to when they are bored or when they are busy with something else.
I just know that these people feel the horror of it.
And I can't stop feeling it.
Nothing has changed, people still want to kill each other, and it's so sad.
Damir grew up and became very soft and quiet boy, he's not aggressive and not evil.
He is not looking for revenge, for example, he did not this past nightmare.
I know he doesn't like to remember it, but they are very close with six classmates, and they go to the gym from time to time and have lit candles there.
When he was younger, he suffered from this - I remember how he lay on the couch, ничего from us for hours.
Did not sleep, his eyes were open.
I also remember how he threw all their weapons and other military toys. Damir now 17, he above me, nice, smart and healthy.
To me it is hard to believe that a few hours I was so convinced that he died and that I never do see more.
When I was able to recover from the explosion and rose to his feet, I looked round, I saw hell around himself when parts of bodies were lying everywhere.
I was absolutely convinced that it was impossible to my little boy could survive in that hell.
"I remember what I shouted to him," Damir, run,, "but again I was so sure he didn't hear me.
But he heard and ran away.
So life goes on for us, unlike so many others.
Georgy Ilyin, 17 years
The boy, whose shocking photo after capture became the defining for the Beslan tragedy
Peace: surviving Beslan Georgy Ilyin, with his mother, Fatima after capture in 2004, and right now,
On his bloody face was coloured by fear when they were fleeing from death, when Chechen terrorists shot his classmates.
His photograph was one of the most shocking symbols of barbarity in Beslan.
His mother Fatima, 54 years, the chief doctor, enrolled him in a school on the first day of studies before you take the senior son Vladimir to the university.
"I went for two minutes before the terrorists ran into the yard, so my little boy left alone for three days of nightmare," she recalled.
Not quite alone, there was a family of our relatives, but all of them were killed.
Only my George managed to survive.
The closer the date, the harder to think and talk about it.
There is not one day when we won't remember this tragedy.
We do not think that this was a long time ago, I think it was yesterday, some of the scenes these days all the time, right before my eyes.
No one will ever forget, I promise you.
in soul: a picture of George (left) was one of the most shocking images of the attack and was in sculpture (right)
I remember George just wanted to go to school that day, which said it wants to hug a teacher.
I only found out that he was alive when I saw him on TV.
And now even have the sculpture weeping George in San Marino.
George doesn't like to look at this picture, and it's hidden in a cupboard in our house.
I understand, but I also believe that, thanks to this photograph people from all around the world feel our pain.
He says now: "it is essential that this never happened.
"I doubt we will ever learn the truth.
People continue to investigate this tragedy and will never learn the truth.
Now they are investigating the collapse of Boeing in Ukraine.
Will we ever know what it was called?
The world is heading for something very bad.
"I can't understand how it happens, because if you ask people, no one wants to go to war, as it happens?
Ten years is nothing for this pain.
We need to have dozens of years to forget it a little bit.
It has affected my health, and I still feel it.
How many nightmares I had about three or four years because of the acquisition, but now it is better.
I returned to school later in 2004, I was very scared every day.
I thought about their friends and Friendster, which were killed.
That's why I continue to walk in the gym before each September 1.
I want to pay tribute to the memory of my old friends from childhood.
For me to be in the gym, but I have to do it.
I don't feel myself a victim, this story is a part of my past now.
I didn't forget about it, but I don't feel sorry for ourselves.
My life goes on.
I graduated from high school this year and entered the medical university in Vladikavkaz.
I'll have to learn to become.
My first choice was to go to the army.
I wanted to be a military man, but I am not allowed to health.
I want to fight for my country, but that won't happen.
George Farniev, 20 years
The boy, who survived, despite what was at the feet of
Incredible: George Farniev was at the feet during the capture, but still he managed to survive
During the capture, he was seen in the sports hall sitting next to the bomb at the feet of.
Indeed, it is a miracle that he was not killed.
"we think that it was just yesterday," says George, who wanted to study the intelligence officer in the FSB, but couldn't because of the damage that was caused to his health during the capture.
It is still with me, this is not something that I left behind.
I am older now, and say that children can easily cope with bad events - I must say that this is not true.
"in 2006 I worked with psychologists and I felt a bit better after that, but I can't forget it.
And I would like to forget.
In 2005, the following year, was the first and last time I went into the gym again.
I lost consciousness.
I would never go there again, and please don't ask me to show where I sat on this famous photos.
Survivors: George Farniev today with an open on a laptop photo myself in hospital after seizure
My pain is enormous, and I carry it with you every day.
My friends know that I don't like to think about it or discuss it, and they never asked me about school.
With regards to the physical conditions, I'm healthy.
I need to be careful with the knee, which was damaged, but now I go okay.
But health is not allowed me to go to study at the FSB Academy in St. Petersburg, as I wanted to.
I sent my documents, including medical records, and they replied that this is impossible.
My second passion was animals, so I went to the Veterinary Institute.
I had studied there for two years.
He learns to treat all animals from cats to cows. "
He said: "I know that never tell their children about their experiences.
It's not about what children should know, and, of course, not what they need to survive.
His mother Marina, 42, said: "the pain never leaves me.
It in my soul, worse when the anniversary is approaching.
I will go and I will attend the ceremonies, which will be held to celebrate it.
I know that George will not go.
For him, it should be even stronger, because he was there, and I'm not.
I was waiting for him at home and could not help.
I am so grateful to God that he came back to me. Here in Beslan imprint lies on each.
He remains with us.
George, now an adult, but the nightmare is still with him.
It's hard to take when something so terribly unfair, goes with you.
He was a boy, he loves the sport, but can't do because of the knee.
He had several operations, he can walk, but can't exercise.
I would say that he overcame this nightmare by 50%, but it is impossible to completely overcome and forget it.
This eerie experience will remain with us.
Many friends and neighbors were killed during the capture, and it only strengthens my pain.
I lost a lot of people whom I knew well and who were dear to me.
My son with me, and it is the best gift God could I do, but my heart aches for those who had been killed.
I know the family, where new children were born, but I know and widows, who have never married.
It is hard to accept that life goes on, even if you don't want to.
I will never forget how heart of my chest at that moment when I saw him in the hospital.
Now I look at what is going on in the world - wars in different regions.
These people are fighting for what?
Why did they kill each other?
War is very close to our country now, and I could hardly believe it.
We were a united country in the past, as it so happened that we are fighting now?
People and children suffer, I am sure, many children had already been killed in Ukraine, and many will be killed.
If you could capture all the insurgents and throw - as far as we can.
Alena Tskaeva, 10 years
The baby, whose touching claimed special forces fighter in a safe place
Salved: Alona Tskaevu is in a safe place Russian special forces fighter (left).
Now her ten (right), and she didn't remember about crime
The world stopped breathing in 2004, when a small Alona issued on his hands from a school in Beslan seized by Russian police.
Terrorists released her, but with cruelty left her 30-year mother, decade-long sister Cristina and brother Machares in the sports hall of the school.
Machares, who was then three years old, was saved, but Alyoniny mother and sister were killed in the deadly carnage.
Her father Ruslan has since married again, and they have with his new wife Svetlana have a young daughter, whom he named Christine in memory of his daughter, which he lost.
Alena, who is now ten, remembers nothing about the capture and flourished in smart and girl, neighbors say.
"they're a big happy family now, and Alena and Machares - both beautiful children," says a close friend.
Ruslan is a great father and wants to keep them away from all the memories, when marks the tenth anniversary of the.
You can understand why.
Midfielder Shinji Kagawa, who returned from Manchester United in Borussia Dortmund "," noted that he is looking forward to once again be able to go out on the field in the form of German club.
According to him, this service is a joyful event in the career.
Of course, I am very pleased that I will play again for "Borussia" - leads Bild Kagawa words.
Feel very good.
Full of positive emotions and look forward to when I get back on the field in the form of "Borussia."
The Kagawa moved in "mu" from "Borussia" in the summer of 2012 for 16 million euros.
However, he failed to gain a foothold in the English club after spending two seasons just 38 matches in the championship of England by scoring 6 goals and 8 assists by transmission.
A man accused of a girl on a transition Fife "Pelican" in
78th Summer man stands trial on charges of on 3-year girl on a transition, Pelican in Fife.
Gordon Stewart allegedly abused the girl on the transition in the East Nyuke Pittenvine.
Prosecutors said that Mr. Stewart was his Audi Q3 without proper care and attention, and abused the girl, as a result of which she was injured.
Stewart, 78 years, from Anstrutera, denied their guilt Sheriff Court in Dundee.
Sheriff Charles Makneyr, Royal's lawyer, appointed by the court in January.
Obama, Merkel and Hollande do not in Vladivostok
Vladivostok airport duty free shop sign hung out, banning shopping at this store of the world's political leaders.
Not to spirits, vodka and cognac.
The store has decided that US President Barack Obama, German Chancellor Angela Merkel, French President François Hollande, Vitali Klitschko, Yulia Tymoshenko, prime minister of Japan, and some more famous mates can't vodka, cognac and spirits in their store.
And appropriate sign on the door.
Earlier, Obama received a ban on appearing in even less accessible to him on a sort of service institution, dietary table MSU, the reported site catering establishments.
Whether the American president dream ever to eat in one dining room in Russia, is not known, but the authors certainly seem themselves terribly bans.
Is there cheese after embargo: Medvedev gave Council
Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev thinks that in the conditions of the embargo Russian should learn new technology to build the popular among buyers varieties of cheese.
The council was given during a visit to the enterprise "Agrocomplex Yugptitseprom" firm. "
The prime minister also gave the restaurateurs too start to work with Russian meat, the quality of which is at an appropriate level.
Year-long embargo on food imports was introduced in Russia since August 7.
Russian national team head coach Valentin decanation Maslakov satisfied with the outcome of the tournament.
According to the expert, the third place is a good result considering the absence of purposeful preparation to compete.
Our athletes performed at their level, "leads" the whole sport Maslakova "words.
The third place is a confirmation of our high command level.
Pleased that the advantage of the French and even the Americans over us is minimal.
It should be kept in mind that we are not prepared for this competition.
Season is over, and we don't become decanation our leaders to take part in the match.
In recent years, we were second at this tournament, but this season we have a revamped team.
The French, by contrast, put team, which includes 13 European champions.
They do not hide their intention to win this year, what has repeatedly publicly declared.
But even this part of the Masters competitions could not resist the Americans.
Therefore, I believe that the Russians were in such a representative company at a good level.
But the results in some species have been significantly lower than in the same "Diamond League."
Season is over.
Of course, the athletes are not so important results, especially in the competitions of team standards.
The most important thing here was the place.
And, as a result, agree, came to the absurd when the 1500 m men were tactical running so that showed the result of below average... women's run.
4 tips on how to achieve better quality of underwater photos and video
If you want to take pictures or shoot video under water before you a range of hardware options.
The cheapest option is waterproof "," for example, the Nikon Coolpix aw120, or, for example, gopro hero3 + Silver Edition, both of which are sold for about $300.
I took these pictures on a family holiday with the help of several cameras, all at a price of about $350.
No matter what equipment you are using, you need to follow a few rules in order to achieve the best results.
their equipment.
Even if you have a waterproof camera, make sure that the battery of cameras and other tightly closed.
In addition, set your camera for the type of photos or videos that you will withdraw.
Some of the photo and video cameras have modes of shooting or type of object, which optimize the exposure for mid tone underwater conditions.
And before you jump into the water, understand how deeply your equipment can fall.
Some cameras are only 5 feet, others - 50 or 60 feet.
Please see our buyer's guide and ratings for digital cameras for both traditional and waterproof models.
Remove a few frames, because many of them are not up.
The ZhKD "" is there to help you bring images, while usually not have them.
Even if you have ZhKD, it will be difficult to see under the water, and frame layout is a random process.
So do a few frames.
Also, if your camera has a serial shooting mode, which takes several shots with a slightly different exposure settings, use them.
Stay at the surface.
The amount of light is reduced significantly, the deeper you under water.
If possible, stay at the surface when you are shooting in the swimming pool, the river or the ocean.
It also enables you to transmit more colors in photographs; the deeper you, the fewer colors you'll see.
Shooting closer to objects.
This is a great tip for shooting on the land, but it is even more important under water due to mid tone light conditions.
Especially important if you take on: this equipment often is fixed, lens, which means you have to get closer to the object of shooting, if you want to fill the frame.
Bronze winner of the 2012 Olympic Games in freestyle wrestling Greco-Roman Bilal Max can move in the struggle.
This was informed of freestyle wrestling team head coach Sazhid Sazhidov.
Specialist did not rule out the participation of athletes at the world championships in Tashkent in September 2014.
Currently collecting Bilal Max is on the "classics" - brings "Sazhida Sazhidova R Sports" words.
In general, the Junior Bilal played in both styles.
At the World Youth Championship 2005 he became the winner of the tournament and the third prize-winner in competitions and decided to concentrate on freestyle wrestling.
Long ago there were rumors that a new phase of his career, we will hold the heavyweight Greco-Roman wrestling.
I'll say more: Max may be already at the world championships in Tashkent - if win.
But the final word is always with the coaching staff led by Gogi Koguashvili.
Andrew Lawson was such a man, whose force of personality could shake all around, even in such a giant organization like the National Health Service.
anaesthetist, he has devoted his career of deliverance from suffering the disease, as well as from flours treatment.
Among those who spoke to him, recalls his wife, was the MI6 officer who had to live with the devastating consequences of torture.
Lawson knew that while doctors are diagnoses and diseases, those being treated mainly worried about something totally different - pain.
One day in 2007, however, he was one who began to suffer.
"I did not feel, as usual," he wrote in May last year.
It was hard to find the strength.
Struggling with symptoms similar to the flu, he found that his wife had faults, Dzhuliet.
"I want all happened sooner rather than later," he said.
When Dzhuliet went for a week, Lawson found it unusual and it is unclear why the upset.
Something was wrong.
He asked a colleague to do chest X-rays.
Just two weeks earlier, he went skiing in the French Alps.
Results of the X-rays came.
It was mesothelioma is an incurable cancer, which affects, or the lungs.
For most cancers it is difficult to determine the exact cause.
Although some smokers develop lung cancer, for example, not all lung cancer patients who smoked.
But with differently.
In almost all cases the cause is contact with asbestos, construction material, who once called the "miracle," but which, as is now known, mortally dangerous.
For most of us - mesothelioma is a disease which can be ignored.
Asbestos, in the end, is the material from the past.
The most dangerous type of asbestos is not used in the UK since the 1960s, when recommendatory industrial ban came into force.
Even when it was used, only people from specific sectors worked in close contact with him:, builders, carpenters and dock workers, for example.
Industrial toxin from another era, he is hardly seen as a cause for concern today.
But such a peace is mistaken.
Britain, it turns out, is now at the peak of the epidemic.
Here from kills more people than in any other country on the planet.
The annual mortality rate of approximately 2,500 people, more than twice as many people die from this disease than as a result of car accidents.
The annual number of deaths from since 1980, and the number of deaths in the future in the UK
The reason why we feel its deadly consequences now is that, although the use of asbestos and it is illegal for many years (all types of asbestos were eventually banned by law in 1999), on the development of are usually tens of years.
And attack is not limited to veterans of industrial construction.
Asbestos was, and in many cases remain, laid in the house where we live, offices, where we work, school, where we learn, and shops where we go shopping.
As a result, mesothelioma is not paying attention in class, the level of wealth, profession or age.
Bastions, from fashionable London department stores to private schools, as it turned out, not salvation.
Parliament building is riddled with asbestos.
Even hospitals that are designed to treat us this fatal containers were found to be a carcinogen.
Andrew Lawson was not old.
He was not.
In fact, he had to think where he might have come into contact with asbestos.
Then he realized.
"it seems that could be a lot of asbestos in the tunnels of the hospital guy where I spent six years training," he wrote.
All are students, nurses, doctors and - used these Tunnel.
I wonder how many of my peers sicken the same disease?
It was a question to which, unfortunately, he could give a partial answer.
"of the four doctors who guy in hospital and have subsequently developed mesothelioma is over the last five years," he said in a letter in 2010, "I alone remain alive."
How many of us ill this disease?
Andrew Lawson was diagnosed "mesothelioma is," when he was 48 years old.
When he died on 17 February this year, he was 55.
Live so long, unusual.
Fifty percent of patients die through 8 months after diagnosis.
It is always fatal.
So now we can only repeat Lawson's question: "how many of us ill the same disease?"
According to a leading expert on type in Britain, Professor Julian Pit, most likely to assume that between 1970 and 2050, when epidemic in Britain should themselves, about 90,000 people will die.
Most now are not, that will die in this way.
mine in Quebec, Canada alamy
A quick review of reports from the halls of the court, where victims often turn for compensation, shows how far spread attack.
In this June, for example, Marks & Spencer admitted that negligence was Dzhenis Ellen contact with asbestos.
She worked in a network of nine years, from 1978 to 1987, in clothing departments at two sites, one of which was the store on Oxford Street.
Mrs Ellen was only 18 years old when she started working at M & S.
Now has two children older than 20 years.
"before it happened," she says, "I had never heard of type, I barely knew about Asbestos.
I never could have come, that this will affect me.
Few people really know much about Asbestos.
In fact, asbestos is not a single substance, but a group of six minerals.
They got its name from the word "," which means the fibrous structure that tells them the strength and flexibility.
Of these six, three were often used in construction.
Chrysotile, widely known as the white asbestos, much more often than other meets in buildings today.
It has been used in roofing panels, floor tile, thermal insulation pipes, boilers seam, even in the brake with cars.
He less than other forms of asbestos, but still recognized by the European Union and the World Health Organization "a serious source of harm," which can lead to death.
More dangerous, however, Brown asbestos () and blue asbestos ().
Britain was once the largest importer of brown asbestos in the world, and experts suggest that "there are good, though indirect reasons to believe that this is the main reason for the exceptionally high number of patients with [in the UK]."
Marks & Spencer employee was exposed to asbestos in the company's main store on Oxford Street, London - alamy
Ellen may not have thought of themselves as typical victim, but the work of Julian Pit suggests that her story is far from unusual.
He conducted a study of patients, which suggests that a significant percentage of when there is no known exposure at work or at home, were most likely caused by exposure to asbestos from the environment. "
Much of this impact, he says, is "a common usage and impact of weather on our building.
No one, it seems, can be sure that he is safe.
Goddard Consulting report, which suggested the Westminster Palace, demonstrates how people, even in the heart of the government could be exposed to unconsciously.
In 2009, Goddard said that technical mines and pipelines at the premises of parliamentary committees were infected with asbestos, and the lethal fibers that could be set in motion something so innocuous as "strong air flows."
Members of the parliament often blame in that they are pursuing their own interests, but in this case it seems that the opposite is true.
Although the maintenance of Parliament insisted that Westminster Palace received a "clean bill of health certificate," now she recognized that it is necessary to work on the £1 billion for the reconstruction of the parliament, by upgrading electrics and removing asbestos, and that after the 2015 general election, members of the parliament, possibly will meet in the QE2 conference centre nearby, but not on the green benches of Westminster.
Report Goddard noted that "the situation with the asbestos was not in accordance with different rules."
It is impossible to know whether this error management cost lives.
All that you can do now is wait.
One of those who failed to reveal their contact with asbestos, is Graham Abbott, a common practice.
As Andrew Lawson, Abbott, 50 years, suspects that he was exposed to asbestos when he worked in hospitals.
"I worked at the hospital, which were successfully brought claims related to asbestos," he says, "but I can't prove that, in my case.
So it's hard to remember all the places where he worked, and the date.
What he remembers clearly is the day in early December 2009 when his fascinating, something that was like the flu.
He was 45, and he was in the middle of surgery late in the evening.
Suddenly I started.
It started very quickly.
I felt terrible.
I thought I can't go all the way to the house.
Being a doctor, Abbott knew that pain comes from the pleura, the membrane surrounding the lung.
However, as Dzhenis Ellen, he simply didn't have reason to suspect.
In the end, he could not walk to work a month.
Puzzled by the doctors were doing chest X-rays and put Catheter to pull fluid from the lungs and send it for analysis.
Yet his condition without diagnosis.
Gradually, his health has improved and he returned to work.
But from time to time, those same symptoms returned, often after he had sports and he breathed heavily.
In 2011, one of the patients in the Abbott came to him with similar symptoms, and he was subsequently diagnosed "mesothelioma is."
But even then Abbott not linked it with its own case.
In the end, his patient was for dozens of years older and worked with asbestos directly.
In this case, the connection was obvious.
In September 2011 the Abbott deteriorated again, and his doctor showed him the results of CT and X-ray images of a group of experts.
In December 2011, exactly two years after Abbott began to feel bad, sensor, equipped with a camera was put in his chest cavity between the shell and the shell of his lung.
I'm an optimist.
I usually just go further, "he said.
I'm not too upset about it, to be honest.
But Rachel, my wife was.
The result of the biopsy came in the week between Christmas and New Year: "I was told that mesothelioma is."
Graham Abbott: diagnosed with mesothelioma is
Abbott suddenly sank into a meeting with nurses Macmillan, one of which suggested he contact a lawyer.
It was then that he realized the extent of the epidemic.
"it turns out that asbestos has been widely used, particularly in large public buildings where quite often was thermal insulation on pipes," he says.
People who have been exposed to asbestos in these buildings, now become sick with the disease.
Thus, mesothelioma is now affects more young people with unusual occupations.
The most dangerous isolated asbestos pipes in hospitals were in basements, so it is unlikely to hurt patients.
But many employees who passed on pedestrian tunnels to get from one building to another (as Andrew Lawson), or ate in the basement canteens (how often did Graham Abbott) almost certainly really were exposed to toxic substances.
For several decades after the war, it turns out, the hospital was a place where, in theory, life for rescued, but a place that represented a threat to life for doctors who treated them.
It still continues to drop today.
Students set their burners Bunzena stand on asbestos
And it's not just hospitals.
Asbestos was often used in offices, shops, libraries and insulating and fire-resistant City Hall because of its amazing features.
Schools, too.
In fact, many of the most likely first were exposed to asbestos in the classroom.
Across the country, countless lessons of chemistry, students set their burners Bunzena on asbestos pedestals.
There are websites, attention on the problem of asbestos in schools.
Meanwhile, in our homes, such harmless things as floor tiles or roofs sheds usually contained asbestos.
"this is an industrial poison, laid down in a great number of our buildings," said Andrew Morgan, a lawyer, who was represented by Andrew Lawson's guy in a case against the hospital.
In one case, the only contact that can recall the woman was the demolition of garden shed in the 1970s.
So be careful, garden sheds.
The effect of the diagnosis, when it is known that the disease is incurable, is enormous.
"to realize this takes a lot of time," says Graham Abbott.
I went back to work and tried to continue, but realized that I couldn't concentrate on what I'm doing.
I spent two weeks in surgery.
Then I realized that I would have to go and deal with them.
Well, I'm no longer a Christmas
One of the most difficult things was the transition from the physician to the patient.
As an incalculable number of patients before him, he remembers was distracted with the volume of information that had to be taken.
"it was difficult to realize," he says.
"I asked his doctor" how much I have time? "
Gave me about 12 months.
I remember I thought, "well, I'm not a Christmas.
That's all. ""
Mesothelioma is a particularly dangerous because it was the mechanics of how we maintain our lives - the very act of breathing - causes cancer, which kills.
Most cases are caused by contact with asbestos.
Consists of tiny asbestos fibers.
When asbestos fibers is destroyed and carcinogenic if inhaled, they can get stuck in, the lungs.
Asbestos fibers are annoying and can cause mutation of cells.
"the problem is due to the inhalation of asbestos fibers of the needle," Professor Tom Trezher, surgeon, who came in 2001 at the hospital guy.
It is the hospital where suspect Andrew Lawson, he was exposed to asbestos, now, ironically, the leading center for treatment of.
knew Lawson's and treated others who might have been exposed, in hospital.
When asbestos into lung tissue, Trezher says, "breathing them unload on the periphery, where the shell.
This is, in its essence, invasive process from the very beginning.
Usual options for treatment of other forms of cancer is much less effective in type.
The effectiveness of surgical intervention, for example, is controversial.
Some think it's worth a try.
does not agree.
"it is impossible to cut," he says.
There is no affordable around her with a knife.
Meanwhile, the cancer "is not very well to chemotherapy," which "acts," but not.
"from time to time there are patients who live a long time," says Trezher.
But in the end, they all die.
Fortunately, some patients live much, much longer than expected.
Writer Stephen Jay Gould died in 20 years after he was diagnosed.
Two and a half years after diagnosis, Graham Abbott continues to fight.
After he fell ill, Abbott was introduced to Andrew Lawson, who, four years after diagnosis, single-handedly turned into office support and consultations for the same patients.
"yes, the central, its cheerful" he said when they called.
"he was very positive," says Abbott.
He was diagnosed four years ago, and he's still very vigorous.
First Abbott offered six cycles of chemotherapy, which would take four months and would have extended his life for only a month.
"I was in despair," he says.
I wanted to give up.
Lawson, however, "managed to give the somewhat more positive overtone."
Meeting with several specialists, Abbott decided to continue treatment with Professor Loïc Lanzh-Lazdunski, professor of thoracic surgery at the hospital guy.
"we had the advantage that I don't need to have direction, I just called them and they took me," admits Graham.
Average patient would get the direction and approval for funding.
Money plays a crucial role for patients with to get the best available treatments.
But when such treatment, finally, inevitably prove to be ineffective, many patients face another financial reason for concern "about the future of the families that they will leave.
And then they appeal to the courts for compensation.
Andrew Lawson contacted Andrew Morgan, of Field Fisher Waterhouse LLP.
"it was known that asbestos is harmful for health, since 1898," said Morgan.
But that changed in the 1960s, is that it became clear that even very small quantities can put their health at risk.
It was then spoke about the bad faith of companies.
Andrew Lawson and hospital guy eventually resolve the matter, but it was not a "settlement at full price," according to Morgan, as Lawson failed to conclusively prove that it was the result of mesothelioma is exposure to asbestos at guy hospital.
After the investigation into his death, hospital spokesman Guy still confirmed, however, that the "asbestos in its basement, about which we discussed, was removed in the 1990s."
It was too late for Andrew Lawson's.
How to remove asbestos
In fact, tie a deadly contact with asbestos to one company or place of work - usually through dozens of years after that - turned out to be a big problem for patients with requiring compensation.
Many of their former employers changed their owner or closed.
Insurance archives could be lost.
And those who are protected from lawsuits, know that time is on their side, which the plaintiffs, of course not.
In response, this year took serious new legislative acts, which facilitate the process of recovering patients with compensation, even if their former employers cannot be tracked.
In accordance with this law was created £fund of funds, funded by the insurance industry, for those of you who was diagnosed after July 2012 and who can prove the contact, but who do not fight with anyone.
In such cases, patients will receive 80 per cent of the amount that the court might have to award in the usual case of compensation - about £120,000.
About 300 successful claims under this scheme are expected each year.
Andrew Morgan, like many who work with patients with, believes that the £350 million is a "very good work" for the insurance industry.
"this is the deal, written by insured for insurers," he says, hinting that the sum is a quarter of what the insurers would have to pay if they had not intervened the time period and patients with could trace the company and file a claim in the usual way.
Even Mike Penning, previously minister of labour and pensions, acknowledged that the law "imperfect."
But Penning, and Morgan acknowledged that, though seven people die every day, rapid action was needed.
"people are suffering so much, and they need help now," said Penning type during the second reading of the bill in December last year.
By the time Graham was in the hands of Professor Abbott Loïc Lanzh-Lazdunski 19 months.
After the initial consultation Lanzh-Lazdunski recommended surgery, which, unlike Tom Trezhera, he considers efficient.
This was followed by radiotherapy and chemotherapy -, in which entire Lanzh-Lazdunski boasts 40 percent of patients surviving for five years.
Abbott felt a surge of strength.
"it is, of course, one of the most important things," says Abbott.
You see these patients all the time.
There is a force that supports you.
When, condition can deteriorate very quickly.
Graham Abbott went into operation in March 2012.
By the end of August he finished the last of six rounds of chemotherapy.
Subsequent scan showed no trace of the disease.
Then I had a scan in March [2014].
There were several spots [cancer] in my chest.
I just had to be executed 50.
This is not a threat to life.
This is the end of life.
And again Abbott went through six rounds of chemotherapy.
Now there is no trace of tumors.
However, this process is both physically and emotionally heavy.
It is possible to think about practical things - about finance, when I die, for example, or on what should show his wife how works on Boiler timer.
When you get bad news, you become.
We need to look forward.
As the father of Ellie, 16, and Temzin, 14 years old, it's not always easy.
"it's difficult for a parent," he says.
It's hard to know what to say and how much to say.
When I was diagnosed for the first time, I told the girls that I have a disease, which means I won't live till those old age.
They reacted very differently.
very sociable and energetic.
She told all their friends, and we called many people very quickly.
Ellie was more subdued.
She didn't say much.
Such conversation is something with the sick than have to face cancer.
But for patients with such discussions do not balance out hope, even to survive.
This disease is with him (even as, in the end, for Stephen Jay Gould) grim certainty.
As Andrew Morgan says, "mesothelioma is does not represent a threat to life.
Body pharaohs in asbestos fabric.
Asbestos fibers are used to strengthen and enhance pots.
Pliny the Elder describes the asbestos.
Now invented the canvas, which did not ignite.
I have seen it made from napkins, smoldering in the chimneys at banquets,
Modern commercial use of asbestos begins in Italy, where it is used to make paper (even notes) and fabrics.
Major asbestos mine opened in Canada and South Africa, and soon after that in America, Italy, and Russia.
This is the perfect for steam engines and turbines of the industrial revolution.
Global production of asbestos is more than up to 30,000 tons per year.
Statistics from Prudential reveal premature mortality among those who work with asbestos and which consequently denied life insurance.
Nellie Kershaw Rochdale dies.
Dr. Willie Cook shows that particles of asbestos in her lungs "were, without doubt, the principal cause of death."
This is the first case of this type.
Employers Kershaw, Turner Bros asbestos did not admit liability.
Compensation is not paid.
During World War II, intensively developing shipbuilding, one of the most lethally dangerous occupations in terms of contact with asbestos.
Voluntary industry ban on the import of blue asbestos
The court of appeal confirms the first successful lawsuit about the dangers to health caused by contact with asbestos, in the UK.
Global production of asbestos grows more than to 4213000 tons per year.
Britain imports 139,000 tons.
The executive committee on health and industrial safety in Britain requires that all contractors working with asbestos, received a license.
Import and use of blue and brown asbestos is prohibited by law in the UK.
All use of asbestos is banned in the UK.
Type act adopted in the UK.
Scheme of compensation in the amount of £350 million declared.
Asbestos is banned in more than 50 countries, but white asbestos still used in cheap construction materials in many parts of the world.
Global production is approximately at the level of 2 million tons per year.
China refuses to give Hong Kong the right to choose leaders; protesters promise revenge
China's parliament decided on Sunday not to allow Hong Kong voters to nominate candidates for the 2017 election, despite increasing demands for democratic reform.
Such a move is likely to mark the beginning of a long promised protests in downtown Hong Kong, as activists have begun planning and mobilization in a few hours after that statement.
The decision of the National People's Congress, in essence, allows the Communist leaders to remove all candidates who are not loyal to Beijing.
"it's not our expectations, but it is infuriating," said lawmaker Emily Lau, chairman of the Democratic Party.
It's not that Beijing promised.
They lied to the people of Hong Kong.
And it is obvious that we are dealing with the authoritarian regime.
Defending China's decision, whether fairies, deputy secretary general of the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress, said that to allow the national nomination at the election of Hong Kong's leader would be too "chaotic."
Since 1997, when the UK handed control of Hong Kong back to China, Beijing promised to allow residents of the region to choose the head of government by voting, starting in 2017.
Chinese leaders have adopted on Sunday a decision as a democratic step forward, as it gives right to direct vote; but the decision also makes clear that Chinese leaders continue to hold the process in his hands through the Commission for primary candidates, rigidly controlled from Beijing.
And, according to the new article that only candidates who "love the country and love Hong Kong" will be allowed.
The decision was taken after the summer, when there were some of the largest and most received wide coverage of protests in Hong Kong for many years.
For a large part of the campaign in Hong Kong movement Occupy Central with Love and Peace is, whose organizers threatened to disrupt Hong Kong's financial district, if Beijing does not guarantee genuine universal suffrage.
On Sunday evening, a few hours after the announcement, hundreds of supporters of the Occupy Central gathered in the rain in front of Hong Kong government headquarters.
At the demonstration, the organizers announced that their movement is moving to a new phase of civil disobedience and that they rise up on the waves of protest in the coming weeks.
Nevertheless, they have not reported the details, obviously, to avoid problems with government bodies.
In organizers reported that movement "to capture the central district only as an exceptional measure, actions which can be taken only if all possibilities of dialogue have been exhausted and there is no other choice.
It is with great regret to inform that today all the possibilities of dialogue exhausted and the seizure of Central District will definitely take place.
State organs in Hong Kong claimed Beijing prepared for several days, and on Sunday at the headquarters of the government security measures were strengthened with the involvement of police and barricades.
At the heart of the turmoil is the feeling among many in Hong Kong, that they are slowly losing control over their city.
The influx of residents from the mainland increases competition in the field of goods and services.
Also, there is a growing fear that Hong Kong's values, such as democracy and freedom of speech, begin to weaken under increasing pressure from Beijing.
Some criticize the movement Occupy Central, saying his demonstration put at risk business - the lifeblood of Hong Kong.
"the protest, which they say it could lead to huge economic losses, depending on how many people will participate and for how long," said lawmaker Regina Ip, which has long criticized the movement.
We do not want to spread anxiety about how Hong Kong goes out of control.
This idea, which is harmful for investment.
Chinese state media also give reports in recent days, in which the Hong Kong democracy movement activists were shown Saboteur, Western powers.
This summer, activists organized an unofficial referendum on electoral law, which drew 780000 participants - more than one-fifth of the voters in Hong Kong.
And in July, tens of thousands took to one of the largest pro-democratic demonstrations in the history of the region.
American culture balls comes to university life: The Freshman offered arriving on a private jet
We are pleased to respond to this demand by launching the first UK luxury travel service for current students.
To leave the strong impression from the arrival at the university, the company also offers transportation options such as a private jet, a Rolls-Royce Phantom, Aston Martin or McLaren P1.
Mr. Stewart also stated that the security service thought about.
This service is a perfect alternative for students, who usually have to carry their belongings across the whole country in dangerously strained machine.
In combination with our new options for vif, we look forward to how to help students get to university this year, with minimum effort and maximum luxury.
The company's spokesman said that, because the service just launched, the orders had not yet been received, but added that "students will book this service in the next few weeks."
The company also said that despite the fact that the students need to pay for tuition costs £9,000 per year, she still hopes to find a market for this service.
Today's students are quite different from students of 10, 20, 30 or 40 years ago with regard to expectations and hopes: more important than ever to make a great first impression, and Vif - exactly what you need for that.
Nevertheless, the National Union of Students criticized this service as from reality.
Megan Dunn, vice-president of the NSS on higher education, said: "this project is incredibly taken away from the lives of most students.
Many students, who this month will begin studies at the University, faced with the crisis cost of living when available financial support in the form of loans and grants, not keep up with rapidly rising costs for basic needs before they can even begin to think about how to remove thousands of pounds on something like a simple arrival at the hostel.
Feminists raise the question of race and the behavior of the police after Ferguson
Unarmed teenager was killed by a police officer in Ferguson, Missouri, earlier this month.
They raise their hands, chanting: "hands up, don't shoot," while they wait in the queue before the funeral.
After two weeks of protests in Ferguson, Missouri, connected with the murder of unarmed teenager Michael Brown, blogger Miriam Zoilus Perez noticed the shift in Internet Talk among white feminists.
In her experience, white feminists, comments put gender ahead of race when it comes to promoting reproductive rights and income inequality.
However, as the tension grew in the Midwest and attracted nationwide attention, Peres saw the white women, which focused on 100 percent in the race.
Compared with the reaction of black women shortly after the killings on August 9, personal essays with such titles as "thoughts about Ferguson on behalf of white women" and "feminism is not just about internal repression of women" appeared relatively late.
But for Peres, they showed a significant shift.
"in feminism, I don't think there are a lot of people who are talking about white skin and privileges at such a high level," she said.
People felt the need to say something about what has happened.
It's very symbolic for the crisis with which we are faced, and because (the situation in Ferguson) is so tied to race, they felt the need to tell.
For Professor of English language at the University of Ohio Kority Mitchell, Ferguson revealed the problems with which the black American women face every day, but which are not perceived as "female problems" in the cultural sphere.
"I can write something funny on Facebook about what is going on with me and my partner and I get 150 Laika everywhere," says Mitchell.
When I write something about what color people are attacked in his own country, silence.
"why women safely to publicly speak about the relationship, but not about security in the public sphere?," she asks.
For black women, like Mitchell, who studied the issues of race, gender and sexuality in the history of the United States, there is no dichotomy between issues related to race and gender.
From her point of view, black women are in a position to clearly separate these problems; they are faced with a complex reality every day.
While white women now combine the issues of race and gender in the feminist, Angel Khetteri, professor of women's and gender studies at George Mason University, says that their predecessor did the opposite.
"between 1865 and 1890 years at least 10,000 black men, and the reason is almost always served as the rape of white women," said Khetteri.
What was needed was a white woman, confirming the story to justify the lynching of.
From the point of view of Khetteri, the gap between white and black women occurred when White suffragettes, for example, Susan B. Anthony examined the situation in the late 1800s, and saw that the fight for suffrage will be effective for only one group: women or blacks.
"they have decided to put all the eggs in the basket voting rights for women, and the right to vote for blacks was to appear later," said Khetteri.
Look back on things like this gives us a clear idea of why women of color don't trust the white women.
We have not done anything good.
We never helped black women to protect their husbands and sons.
Even after women won the right to vote in 1920, it took ten years to white women united against in Women's Association for the prevention.
This group emerged after almost 40 years after black women for the first time have asked for assistance, said Mitchell.
From the point of view of Mitchell, the reactions of white feminists on the problems raised in Ferguson situation, "the behavior of the police, racial discrimination - reflects a time when white had to" catch up "problems with which black women cope in several generations.
"the truth is, it would be great, if female, who have a [traditional] ideology would be taken as seriously for the right to raise the child as they refer to the right to contraception?" asked Mitchell.
Second wave feminists who have made careers in the fight for reproductive rights and access to, now are beginning to understand what that means.
A well-known white activist Gloria Staynem movement within two weeks after the murder of Michael Brown took advantage of Feysbukom and published a harsh article guardian Rebecca Carroll, which demanded that white Americans have more participation in protests on issues of racism.
"I hope that women who have the other, but a similar reason to understand the danger, better in the body - and point of view on racial issues, which differ significantly in the polls the public - will be at the head of the change," wrote Staynem.
Although Staynem guarantee for a feminism that involves issues of race and gender, her comments about race in America still surprises some.
American Enterprise Institute researcher Christina Sommers, author of "Who Stole Feminism?," said she the people that young men in the United States, especially the young people, "much more vulnerable than their sisters," but the Staynem Ferguson contradict criticism, which she previously.
Now we have hundreds of special programs for girls and young women, but almost nothing for boys.
But when the White House recently launched a small program, "the watchman to my brother," to help the vulnerable black and youths, followed reaction from many feminists, including Gloria Staynem from.
Police relationship with the black community is not the only problem, advanced line of traditional feminism.
After the U.S. Border Guard Service arrested about 63000 unaccompanied minor on Southwest border this year, immigration reform came to the surface again - this time as a problem for women.
Andrea Mercado, co-chairman of the we belong together, an organization that mobilizes women in support of immigration reform, said that in order to raise this issue as important for women, she had only to share stories of.
"they speak for themselves," said Mercado.
When the vast majority of working visas issued [], women who come to them are in position, vulnerable to domestic violence and exploitation.
"these stories have resonated with women's organizations," she said.
house "with" For Sale "
A photograph of a house to be sold in Suffolk, real estate agents was removed when it appeared that it depicted a pig, in the living room.
Displayed for sale for £120,000, a separate one-bedroom house is on a private road in Ipsviche.
The detailed description of different photo living at home - which was a pig with head stationary on the couch.
Connells estate agency reported that pig on photos - home favorite of the owner of the House.
"however, the photo was posted in error and has been removed," said the spokesman.
A detailed description of the House, the former home of Connells described as a "unique private house with one bedroom."
Despite the fact that the agency took the photo from its website, it still persists in promotional materials.
The sale of the House has raised interest in social networks, where some asked whether the pig is sold along with the House.
Russian tennis player Maria Sharapova, in the fourth round of US Open Carolyn Voznyatski, believes it lacks stability.
According to the athlete, she wants to finish the year and try to reach a new level, reports from New York Vasily Osipov.
How do you generally appreciate their results in the tournament "Grand Slam" this year?
Of course, I am glad that we managed to win at Roland Garros still. "
As for the three other tournaments, then I lacked stability, especially in some matches.
Now, of course, I was upset.
It could not even walk to.
What are the challenges put before him until the end of the season?
After defeat I have a huge motivation to go to the next level.
I have work to do, and I'm going to do everything possible to properly complete a year.
A series of Asian tournaments begins already in a couple of weeks.
Member of the State Duma committee on physical culture, sports and youth affairs, former world champion Nikolai Valuev proposed for the implementation of the technical review panel to give bonuses upon admission to universities.
According to him, the general regulations will be the same as in Soviet times, "people will take on tightening standards, running and other exercises.
The 12 subjects of Russia will implement the technical review panel since September 1 on its territory.
I also offered students, who passed the TRP, giving bonuses upon admission to universities, "said Valuev.
For example, you can add points to use them a little.
There are also proposals to give extra output to employees of companies that have passed these sporting tests.
In the city of Harvey in south Wales has a new millionaire after winning the lottery
Player in the lottery of Harvey this month.
We are looking for a new millionaire in the southwest of Perth, where one lucky will take home nearly $1.1 million from the lottery draw on Saturday night.
Newsstand in Harvey brings the gold winner in the competition for the second time in five years, the prize was $1 million in November 2009.
But winner has yet to declare themselves.
Shop owner Steve striker said that winning has caused excitement in small town south-west of Perth.
The whole town is talking about it, and everybody is very excited.
We thought that such a win would be secret.
Eight winners from Western Australia celebrated winning the main prize in the last month, noting the completion of several successful weeks for state players.
Last week, the player from Kenning Weil became one of five millionaires in August, following a huge $Belmont win pairs of just a few weeks before that.
Winning a couple of plays for twenty years and reported that the win gave them the opportunity to travel the world and buy a new house.
Millionaire from Harvey brings the number where they won the main prize in Western Australia to 59 this year, with a total gain of $85 million.
The ministry wants to accelerate the growth of the electric vehicle market
This week, the ministry of economic development will make the government a comprehensive plan for the development of environmentally friendly transport in Russia, told Deputy Oleg Pluzhnikov ministry department of the round table, which held the "Vedomosti" at the Moscow motor show - 2014.
Plan drawn up on behalf of the government, one of the main goals is the reduction of greenhouse gas emissions.
It is expected that the document to be adopted at the end of September - the beginning of October, Pluzhnikov says, the proposed measures relating to electric vehicles and hybrids - the vehicle development plan for fuel in Russia already have.
The plan have told Vedomosti (copy) is designed for 2014-2017.
To develop criteria for assessment of electric and hybrid vehicles and decide how to stimulate the use and production of environmentally friendly vehicles.
Report to the government, in which the Ministry of Foreign Affairs will be discussed tax and customs support measures will be prepared by December 2014, the scheme will be concessionary lending and leasing privilege by April 2015; and proposals to reduce the prices of cars, stimulation of localization and a service infrastructure will be developed by October 2015.
In 2014-2015, it is suggested to make changes in regulations to ease the conditions for building infrastructure charge (on car parks, petrol stations etc.).
In addition, federal officials are going for 2015 to formulate proposals for regional authorities to also stimulate the use of environmentally friendly transport - in the form of granting him benefits when driving and parking, for example; and by February 2016, and proposals to expand public procurement of such vehicles.
Finally, the ministry of economic development by October 2014 will contribute already in the list of indicators in assessing the activities of the regional authorities, reflecting the effectiveness of support for production of environmentally friendly transport charge infrastructure development.
Electric vehicle market in Russia is still only formed in 2013 across the country sold about 100 electric vehicles.
At the beginning of 2014 an import duty on electric cars, so sales will be approximately 500 pieces, predicts chief executive director of Mitsubishi Motors in Russia Andrei punk.
But growth does not make any noticeable electric cars: in Russia in 2013, according to the Association of European businesses, sold 2,78 million cars and light commercial vehicles.
While imports only Mitsubishi Motors electric cars in Russia.
Start importing preparing Renault - the company focuses primarily on corporate clients, says director for strategic planning and partnerships in Russia Renault Nicolas shafts.
Most of the other manufacturers of electric vehicles took toward Russia taking a wait-and-see approach.
The development of electric vehicles have Russian producers -, "" gas, "" but the trivial.
For example, in January - July 2014, according to Asma Holding Township, Stearns County, Minnesota "," "AvtoVaz" has released 30 electric vehicles.
Demand are low due to the high prices of electric vehicles, is director of Avtovaz for engineering Sergei Aman, without state support breakthrough in this segment will not be....
Development of the Russian market of electric vehicles beyond the expensiveness of cars (those electric cars that are sold in Russia, on average, twice as much as analogues with internal combustion engines) is an underdeveloped infrastructure (retails sites charge - units), sighs Tselikov Avtostata "" CEO Sergey.
Because of the costs involved and the low rate of reduction of the cost of electric cars in the next 3-4 years remain segment of the Russian market, predicts "Avtorevyu" chief editor Mikhail Podorozhanskiy, Tselikov agrees with him.
Automakers, on the other hand, say that some models of electric vehicles are already close to the value of the ordinary.
The Russian market of electric vehicles have good prospects, most importantly instill confidence in consumers that "" is real; this, in particular, will contribute to the emergence of the new charging stations, the BMW Group president Wolfgang Shlimme in Russia.
Such infrastructure projects is, for example, the state-owned company "Rosseti": in Moscow built several stations, soon there will be about 80.
Negotiations on the construction of the network are retails sites and with other regions.
According to the director of the department "Rossetey" Vladimir Sofina, the company believes in the electric vehicle market and is ready to build gas stations across the country, but there is a problem: a small number of electric vehicles in the country and the absence of a single standard for charging electric vehicles of various brands.
In addition, "Rosseti" as network company have no right to sell electricity, the possibility to do so in relation to the charging of electric vehicles.
Pankov said the most effective measure the state of the electric vehicle market in Russia lose customs duties.
Zero rate will act before the end of 2014, the possibility of its renewal and expansion of preferential list.
The replacement of transport tax for ecological (idea is discussed and concerns all machines) also supported the market, but not as noticeably as customs preferences, said Pankov.
Transport tax in Russia is small, said Pankov, unlike, for example, from Norway, where the tax cut led to a sharp rise in sales of electric vehicles - now they account for 12 percent of the market.
Russia needs and incentives for car owners, such as free parking in the center of the city (as we have already done in Moscow), I am sure punk, or the ability to move electric vehicles on dedicated lanes, which in Russia does not.
In Colorado crashed a private plane
Piper pa-46 plane crashed in the U.S. state of Colorado.
Three out of five people who are in it, have died, the Itar-Tass news agency reported.
Survivors taken to hospital.
The accident occurred a few kilometers from the runway of the airport of the city of Denver.
Now are the causes of the tragedy.
In the Donetsk region are prisoners militants battalion "Donbass."
Under Ilovaiski family Punisher surrounded.
They were committed to their own commanders and dozens of security forces were under fire.
Those who survived, say that if they know what is in fact the situation in the southeast of Ukraine, would not go to war.
108 prisoners can be called Longshot.
Punisher from battalion "Donbass" remain alive after the "slaughter," in which they fell under Ilovaiski family.
Surrounded by the army of the Donetsk People's Republic fighters spent several days, virtually abandoned by their commanders and authorities of Ukraine.
When the headquarters reported that of the "Ring" can go on allegedly provided by corridor, the column has moved.
But literally after a couple of minutes on all sides shells and bullets.
"according to the information that I was given, and we had a corridor we were allowed to leave," said acting deputy commander of the battalion, a call-sign "Lermontov."
And when we went down to between Mnogopolem and Chervonoselskim began crossfire with anti-tank guided missiles, with "" grenade launchers, automatic guns hereafter, small arms.
There were four cars in front of me and back three, in the end, there were only two cars.
Officer with the call "Lermontov" says: almost immediately no less than 60 people died, dozens were injured, many have died then.
Survivors militants now have health care for those whom they came to kill.
Prisoners are now that so-called "terrorists" treat them well, provide food, medicines.
While their own commanders actually lied to them and have committed to certain death.
Just betrayed us, "they say.
Column, the entire battalion to be destroyed.
In the battalion "Donbass," like many of his comrades, he acted as a volunteer, because in Ukrainian News reported about the atrocities that allegedly had been prevented in the southeast "separatists."
Already here, saw a very different picture.
His mother in Lugansk - and no one was killed, and the Ukrainian military.
A friend called me, told me that goes fire that most likely it is the Ukrainian armed forces, "says one of the soldiers, Alexei.
I then wanted to leave the battalion.
We are not allowed from Ilovaisk, said that we in the ring.
I have agreed with the commander, the report had already written about care.
US with fees from Zurakhovo Ilovaisk taken in immediately.
According to the prisoners in the "cauldron" under 300 Ilovaiski family stuck people.
Now some survivors admit that if I could turn back the time, punitive battalion, they would not come for nothing.
All the captives were handed over to security officials teach militias.
Each check on involvement in war crimes.
In the region created headquarters on limitation of the prices on products
In the Krasnoyarsk region established headquarters, who if necessary will limit price increases for products on the market in the region.
Already signed the decree about creation of this structure.
The staff includes members of the government, representatives of the executive and supervisory agencies.
Together they will monitor the prices for agricultural products in the region.
To lead the economy, whether Kiev Rosneft will repay $140 million of losses?
Igor Sechin, the head of Rosneft said that the company assesses damage from shelling Lisichansk refinery in Ukraine in the $140 million
About this, he said in an interview with Spiegel.
"we estimate the damage at $140 million and will negotiate with the Ukrainian government about the payment of compensation," said Sechin.
According to him, the planned commissioning of Lisichansk refinery company in 2014.
However, part of the factory was destroyed by the Ukrainian artillery.
"there was no fighting, there was no" entrenched themselves rebels, "but the Ukrainian artillery destroyed part of the industrial facility.
In addition, the oil was gone, in pipes, "he said.
Let's remind, on July 18, in connection with the fire has burned Lisichansk refinery oil storage tank and destroyed the building of two warehouses.
Lisichansk oil refinery - the refinery in Ukraine, the first plant put into operation in October 1976
The total capacity of Lisichansk refinery is about 7 million tons of oil per year.
The plant is capable of producing fuel standard "Euro-4" as well as diesel fuel standard Yevro-5 "party."
In March 2012, oil supplies to the Lisichansk oil refinery has been suspended in connection with his.
At the company, it was decided to start repairs.
A year later, Rosneft obtained Lisichansk refinery along with other Ukrainian assets of TNK-BP.
The DPRK has launched a short-range projectile in the direction of the Sea of Japan.
According to South Korean media, it happened about 10: 30 a.m. local time from the Chagang Province province, which is located on the border of North Korea and China.
As informed "Interfax" in South Korea's Joint Chiefs of Staff Committee, supposedly, a rocket fell in the Sea of Japan, after flying about 220 kilometers.
Ruble falls against the backdrop of geopolitical pressures
On the Moscow stock exchange, the dollar rose at the opening on 3 kopecks to 37,15 rubles, the ruble fell to basket on the back of geopolitical tensions.
The dollar started trading on the UTS transactions within 37,11-37,2 rubles / $1, on average over two minutes rate recorded at 37,16 rubles / $1 in 4 kopeck above the level of the previous closing.
The euro stood at 48,79 rubles for 1 euro, it is for 3 kopecks higher than the previous closing.
The price of the basket added 3.5 kopecks and amounted to RUR 42,395
The U.S. dollar is traded at 23 kopecks higher than the official rate, the euro - on 16 kopecks higher than the official rate.
The Russian market on Friday, August 29, continued a rapid decline, but there was no panic this time.
Continued to become cheaper and the ruble and even updated historic peak against the dollar.
Now investors are already in advance worsening geopolitical situation and possible new sanctions against Russia.
So far, however, it looks more like the artificial hysterics, via the media, particularly in the West.
Options for the introduction of new sanctions against Russia are not so much.
teletrade "at the opening of Moscow stock exchange continued a sharp weakening of the rouble against baskets.
Geopolitical background remains the determining factor.
However, if in the near future we do not see new negatives, and Russian indices, and the position of the national currency can.
"Orenburg airlines will plead with" Ideal Tore "
"Orenburg airlines faced" Ideal Tore "claims totaling 4.7 billion rubles.
It is about two things, the meeting which will be held in October.
Judges to consider cases will be different.
According to Interfax, "the first lawsuit was filed on August 14.
Its sum of slightly more than 425 million rubles.
Meeting on it is scheduled for October 7.
The second statement was filed on August 18.
Its amount 4,24 billion rubles.
Meeting on it is scheduled for October 2.
According to journalists in the Russian Tourism Industry Union, judges appointed by different affairs.
In July, the media have information about debt "Ideal Tore" before "Orenburg" in the amount of 1.5 billion rubles.
The airline's CEO Victor Zyukin says about $1.6 billion rubles.
Aeroflot CEO Vitaly Saveliev calls an even greater amount of two billion rubles.
Twitter tried to become more interesting for new users
Service Twitter changed the registration process for users to quickly engage new participants in an active interaction with the platform.
This measure will reduce the number of its microblogs people.
Now the new Twitter users will see a large number of during registration service accounts to immediately create a range of reading.
The recommendations are based on the registration of interests.
At the same time, Twitter automatically sets the tick to the subscription for all automatically selected accounts.
Because of this, the user would have to choose to remove a tick, not to read those who are not interested in him.
If earlier service users saw only recommended users, Twitter now displays a sample of one of the popular tweets bloggers to help get an impression of the man.
This is the biggest change in registration of the Twitter page for the last three years.
Recently, Twitter is actively working on modernization of the service.
Such activity is associated, above all, with continuing service to reach a breakeven point.
In 2014 the service faces slower growth in the user base and activity of readers.
The company currently desperately needs more loyal consumer resource that accessing Times, would remain for a long time.
This is the only way to ensure a stable flow of funds.
Day of knowledge in Moscow will be and rainy
The first of September in Moscow region throughout the day is cool and rainy, meteorologists say.
The air temperature in Moscow will be from 16 to 18 degrees, in Moscow - 13-18 degrees.
In cloudy weather with clearings, there will be rain, wind east quarter at the same time will be quite weak - just 3-8 meters per second.
Car recycling program was resumed on September 1
From September 1 in Russia renewed the program for recycling cars.
Until December 31, 2014, will be allocated 10 billion roubles for these purposes.
As the head of the Russian Federation Denis Manturov Minpromtorg's explained, the money allocated from the limits that have been notified to the Ministry of Industry and Trade of the Russian Federation by redistribution from other areas of support.
The program will include all vehicles older than six years.
The amount of compensation will be from 40,000 per car up to 350 thousand rubles for freight.
Earlier in Russia there was already such a program of recycling cars.
The main difference of this project, the minister said, is that now it is not only recycling machines to obtain further discounts, but also an opportunity if the car has reached the age of more than six years, to buy a new discount when renting the old "" dealer, "Interfax reported."
On the previous federal program of from January 1, 2010 to December 31, 2011, was spent more than 16 billion rubles.
Thanks to her, the level of passenger car production in 2010 was about 1.2 million units (this plus 101,4% compared to 2009).
The creator of coming out simulator will release the game about modern journalism
Nikki case known in the game coming out simulator decided to release the game about modern journalism.
He described his project in an interview with kill screen.
Case began work on the game a few weeks ago, but widely known this fact was only now.
Source of inspiration for the game became Ferguson events, where there are now protests that began after police killed unarmed black teenager.
The focus of the project, which so far has no name, will be how the stories affect news coverage of their consequences.
Hero of the game, a civilian journalist, will need to photograph what was happening in areas where there are skirmishes between the police and the population.
The hero can take a picture of what is happening in different ways, that will affect the course of events.
If he lifts the scene so that the police will look like heroes, and protesters - bandits, the police will be better for him and let go where ordinary people can't go.
If he will cover the events differently, his photos can turn peaceful protests into a large-scale revolt.
Points in the game you need to recruit using Twitter hero, which will appear new subscribers if the posted photos are popular there.
The game still has no name.
Release date and the platform on which it appears, are unknown.
Case, however, posted a picture showing how an event can change depending on how done and handled a photograph of him.
In an interview with the kill screen case explained that he considered the concept of such a game quite a long time ago, but not originally wanted to devote its protests in the United States, and the events in Gaza.
After he started collecting material for the game, realized that he lacks the knowledge and skills to cover the history of the region.
But when he saw how the media cover events in Ferguson, he decided to make a game based on what happened.
Nikki case is an independent developer, which produces the browser game.
His most famous project was coming out simulator, released in 2014.
This game, in which talks about the events from the biographies of the case, focused on how teenager tries to tell parents about their relations.
draws Ukraine in continuation of the bloodshed
A call to prepare for the "tens of thousands" of victims of Ukrainian defense minister Valery Geletey draws people in the confrontation, according to a press release from the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation.
"in Moscow, of course, pay attention to the statements of the head of the Ukrainian Defense Minister Valery Geleteya, saying about" the end of the operation to free the east of Ukraine from terrorists "and the beginning of" The Great Patriotic War, which will be calculated "losses in the" tens of thousands. "
The degree of adequacy of the Defense Ministry of Ukraine, the publisher on his page on Facebook that the post is subject to research specialists not in the military sphere, "according to the Russian diplomats.
They can hardly believe that such statements may belong to a civilized state minister of defence.
On his Facebook page, Ukraine's defence minister, wrote on Monday: "according to unofficial channels, the Russian side has repeatedly threatened that in case of continued resistance, they are prepared to use tactical nuclear weapons against us."
At the same time, he said that the "operation to free the east of Ukraine" is completed.
Perez Hilton removed all intimate shots of stars and apologized
Today, horror engulfed more than 60 Hollywood stars.
Hackers have broken into primitive passwords in iCloud (warehouse) in smartphones, after which their intimate pictures appeared on the website bloggers judge Perez Hilton.
But not for long.
The spokesman for the stars of "The Hunger Games," Jennifer Lawrence has already reported the theft of photos from her mobile phone do, and also confirmed that all the images that "Shine" on the network is genuine.
Perez Hilton - the creator of the original, actress Jennifer Lawrence apologized and her colleagues for the publication of explicit images of them, writes the Independent.
No, nobody forced me to do that.
Their agents were not with me.
And now I delete explicit photos of Jennifer Lawrence and Victoria Justice, "Bloggers wrote on Twitter.
However, the explicit photos of stars already across the network.
David Beckham was involved in an accident, hiding from the paparazzi
David Beckham was involved in an accident on a motorcycle to escape the paparazzi.
This happened in Los Angeles at the turn on Sunset Boulevard.
British player escaped with Bruise and stretching the muscles of the right hand.
Beckham emerged from where his paparazzi.
from their prosecution on a motorcycle, he failed to turn with the management and fell, writes tmz citing sources close to Year.
In the end, Beckham got hurt, stretching the muscles of the right hand and scratches.
Tony Stewart suffers an accident, back on track
The return of Tony Stewart on the track ended already slightly more than in the middle of the race at Atlanta Motor Speedway.
Stewart hit the wall for the second time after his right front tire was torn on 172 lap, ending his speech.
Stewart drove his car to the garage and then left without talking to become reporters.
The head of his team Chad Johnston said 14 members of the team are upset, but now we focus on the race in the following weekend in Richmond, Virginia.
"I would like to be more successful and more successful attempt to finish for him," said Johnston.
We go to Richmond and hopefully we will be better there.
Stewart first hit the wall earlier in the race Sunday night after a collision with Kyle Bush, requiring repairs of the right side of his car.
"I started today with a great hope of successfully come to the finish," said Johnston, adding, "simply did not happen."
Soon after the accident, the car was put on Tow truck Stuart, and the team gathered and was ready to leave.
Stewart missed three NASCAR Sprint Cup races after his car hit and killed another driver during a race on a dirt track in northern New York state.
He decided to come back this week, and he needed to win, or in Atlanta, or on the following races in Richmond to take part in the persecution.
He returned to work during the investigation of the tragic incident, as a result of which killed a 20-year-old Kevin Ward Jr., who came on the track to express dissatisfaction with Stewart during the race.
Law enforcement agencies reported on Friday that trial causes of the accident will continue for at least another two weeks.
The decision about whether Stewart charged, was not accepted.
champion was greeted by loud applause and, when he represented before the race.
from 12th position, Stewart walked in the first 10 at the beginning of the race, come up to the fourth position.
Then restart on lap 122 after Bush's number.
The 18 left the trajectory at the exit of Turn 2 and has in Stuart, both cars into the wall.
Stewart continued, but was late to the 21th position.
Sobchak and Vitorgan cigarettes with Zhvanetzky in Odessa
Ksenia Sobchak and Maxim Vitorgan are now in Odessa, the TV presenter did not fail to inform their Instagram.
However, one picture is very surprised and very fans of the pair.
The image was made from Zhvanetska.
"at breakfast at Michael Mikhalycha Zhvanetska Maxim explains what:)) # Odessa" - signed a photo of Ksenia Sobchak.
But besides cigarettes on the table, there is nothing.
No coffee, rolls, butter and other things...
Fans of the pair decided that Ksyusha also smokes, and condemned her for it.
"a cigarette whose?," smoking kills!, "" lead the cigarette breakfast), "" seems to be in order, and on the table only cigarettes))), "Xenia, you also smoke?," her blog for their subscribers.
The Sobchak recently what a delicious dinner for the first time in his life has prepared her Maxim Vitorgan.
"when you go to the Villa Schaste-eto and husband to your arrival prepared dinner (for the first time in married life, but what to now at the end of the dinner did not say the words of the joke:" to now so it was every day, "her husband Ksenia Sobchak.
Here, you can see that Maxim is preparing something with affection, and on the table already filed pickles and roasted chicken.
Bulgaria's prison officers held a national protest
Hundreds of prison officers from all over the country held a national protest in front of the Ministry of Justice in the capital Sofia.
During the peaceful demonstration, they repeated their demands to restore the previous working conditions, which were recently changed.
Raising wages is also included in the list of demands, which will be discussed with Ivanov Christ temporarily acting Minister of Justice.
Within a month the officers expressed a symbolic protest against the new timetable, demanding back the 24th Sentry shifts.
Despite the fact that prison officers union has repeatedly met with representatives of the Ministry of Justice, no agreement was reached, according to the Bulgarian National Radio (independence).
Talks continue, said the head of the main directorate of the independence of punishments Rosen Zhelyazkov.
It is expected that union to protest prison officials will join members of the Federation of Trade Unions of Employees of the Ministry of Internal Affairs.
The army controls Thailand's new government
General Prayut (right) has appointed to the post of defense minister Pravita Vongsuvana (left)
Thailand's military ruler and prime minister General Prayut Chan-Ocha announced the composition of the new cabinet of the country in which more than a third of posts are generals or retired generals.
Representatives of the army were given key posts: ministers of defense, finance, foreign affairs and trade.
On Monday Prayut Chan-Ocha was officially confirmed as prime minister after the King of Thailand has officially endorsed the appointment of the head of the interim military government for the post.
60-year military usurped power in the country in a bloodless coup on May 22, was the only candidate for the premiership post.
He was elected prime minister by the parliament.
Previously, the army of appointed members of parliament.
According to Prayuta Chan-Ocha, the coup was the only way to maintain stability.
He was preceded by six months which demonstrations, during which the protesters demanded the resignation of the government of Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra.
Officially Prayut Chan-Ocha will be the interim prime minister, because the military plans to hold a general election in late 2015.
However, there are fears that the military is trying to consolidate its power in the country.
The military came to power on May 22
Against the backdrop of complete paralysis of civil power.
The leaders of the main political parties were subjected to temporary arrest.
The military immediately after coming to power, they have temporary arrest of the country's leading politicians, including Prime Minister Shinawatra Yinglyk.
Detained were also some journalists and public figures.
The current political crisis dates back to 2006, when the army shifted its Yinglyk brother Thaksin Shinawatra as prime minister.
Both are popular among the rural population, especially in northern areas of the country, which does not once again provide them success in the elections.
However, many in the middle class and metropolitan elite entered movement, which since November 2013, almost country.
Nobody said that mussels will be better in a salad, I promised you don't, the waitress from New Palm.
Must formally acknowledge that this is true, but the mind and stomach remain adamant.
All have long known: we say "Belgium" - mean mussels, we say "mussels" - mean "Belgium."
Restaurateur likes to claim that the success of schools depends on three factors: it is location, location, and location again.
There are some places that are not that good, and even great, but any Tais toi.
In short, sat with a table of palm, I remembered that there was once a "town" (in honor of the very programs), then "Odessa-mama," and even the pub restaurant "Beaujolais" and "friendship."
Now here again the pub, but no longer and Belgian.
Above the Earth is only the tip of the iceberg: a bar counter and a couple of tables, all the rest space devoid of even the hint of sunlight.
But here is fun, as in a child's room: red, yellow and green walls, multicoloured chairs, instead of windows, TVs, where float.
Belgian institution in St. Petersburg for a long time is not a novelty, so to have that.
There are eight types of beer on draught (260-300 rubles per 0.5 liters) and countless 170-1550 bottled (rubles).
waitress presents a menu, telling that "mussels - hearty large seeds," and it should be noted: the service, despite some shortcomings, is the positive side of the Palm.
Expected on the contents of the menu, but often very suddenly on the execution.
Well who, for example, to predict that meat roll with Walloons prunes (280 rubles) - in fact carpaccio, a besides so thinly that parchment paper compared to him would matter ugly Tolstoy.
Feel any taste can be only if time.
With salads is even worse.
Classic princes of Liege sought (260), it would be more correct to admit a crime against the Belgian people: some iceberg, once upon a time potatoes, the Kenyan beans, bacon, plus some chips from pickled onions.
With such Liège salad does not want the meeting to anyone!
The composition of the ingredients of the salad was partly to others, but the impression is not a positive.
If cherry tomatoes or champignons could still be close your eyes, why mussels look as if for their lives to unfreeze them several times and boil!
Because I already know: there are quite normal mussels!
Their serves in "in a sauce of your choice (490-560 rubles per 0.5 kg).
Half a dozen sauces, that of white wine, celery and carrots, frankly, not quality.
Vegetables have a flavor is missing, and there was wine, has remained a mystery.
But good rely to Medes Frith with homemade mayonnaise.
Chicken Waterzooi here - not pokhlebka, dense to such an extent that, depending on the mood you can decide the first or the second dish before you, but simply a nice creamy.
It was announced that a rabbit local chef prepares in beer sauce, and said nothing about Rosmarinus.
In actual fact, the situation turned out to be diametrically opposite: Rosemary them all.
The impression that this rabbit in life fed exclusively why meat has such extraordinary flavor.
But at the same time to flap rabbit fine - no, just an excellent pear in crust.
Wafers in Palm offers not only sweet but also hearty with beef, chicken or bacon and cheese (220-280).
Maple sauce was unnecessarily and waffles.
But to the table very informally asked the manager about lunch.
So should come again.
The dollar rose above 37 rubles on the MICEX on news about upcoming West of new sanctions against Russia.
It's a new historical record.
Dollar calculations "tomorrow" to 10: 29 ICC grew to 26.9 cents and was 37,02 ruble, the euro was rising by 30 cents to 48,73 ruble, according to data of the Moscow exchange.
basket grew to 28 cents compared to the previous closing and cost 42,28 ruble.
Before the Crimean events, the dollar reached maximum on February 19, 2009 - then it cost 36,43 ruble, and on March 3, 2014, he was already 37,005 ruble.
On the night of August 29, the White House announced that US President Barack Obama and German Chancellor Angela Merkel discussed the possibility of imposing additional sanctions against Russia.
The weakening of the ruble is long-term in nature, and in tandem with the euro, and in tandem with the dollar.
The long-term forecast suggested that mark, "says senior analyst" Alpari "Anna Bodrov.
Everything connected with Ukraine, one way or another will be reflected on the courses.
As long as this continues, investors will react.
Today, rumors about the invasion troops not confirmed nor on the one hand, but the market turned out to be very emotional.
All the talk that he was resistant to such news were yesterday.
Week, according to the specialist, will close around these levels - 36,90 and 37,05 rubles per dollar.
The tax period is over, oil prices weak, politics, sanctions, the problem of gas transit through Ukraine are all links of the same chain.
Also projected the inflation: to current prices for the autumn will go up from 5 to 10 percent.
Soon, moreover, will fizzle out seasonal fruits and vegetables, and there will be a vacuum until network to other suppliers.
"the dollar went to Mark 37 rubles, passed it and returned back, some powerful hysteria is not present," said the head of market analysis "broker" Konstantin Bushuev.
Still will be watching whether to enter on Saturday promised sanctions, as will meet NATO.
The ruble, he said, sharply reduced after the end of tax season, then followed the news in Ukraine, moreover, the central bank last week said that before the end of the year will be transferred to floating the and disclaims any currency interventions.
If you look at the daily fluctuation, it is no different from previous within this month, all exactly mark in 37 rubles, "the analyst continued.
And so, in terms of anything powerful did not happen.
Worrying times for the currency market were, as I recall, when at the end of January, there has been an increased demand for the currency, as well as on March 3, when the central bank a record number of currencies.
In UFS IC see positive outcomes of weakening of the ruble.
First of all, this revenue growth from exports and boosting competitiveness domestic producers due to the rising cost of imports, said principal analyst UFS IC Alexei Kozlov.
Negative points can be attributed to the cost of imported goods and services.
Sharp fluctuations in the Russian currency significantly decrease the attractiveness of investing in the Russian economy, stoking rising inflationary pressures and, as a result, have led to an appreciation of borrowing funds, which in turn hinders the development of the country's economy.
If we talk about the stock market, the depreciation of the ruble slightly moderating declines in equity prices expressed in rubles.
For example, the MICEX index fell during trading Thursday 1,67%, and the RTS index lost 3.27%.
Such a significant difference in the relative size of indices due to the weakening of the ruble during the day more than 1.5%.
The weakening of the ruble is an emotional character and is due to run to buy the currency.
As practice shows, gradually emotions go on there, and quotes the ruble fully or partially restore the lost positions.
"we believe that soon we will be able to see the ratio of the dollar and the Russian currency is near the level of 36 rubles per dollar," - says Alexey Kozlov.
Genetic disorder often incorrectly diagnosed
said she spent many years thinking that dies, delivered after the wrong diagnosis.
Caryn Rogers spent much of their adolescence, thinking that she was left to live only a few years after she was diagnosed with another disease.
In fact, she had the illness Sharko-Mari-Tuta (ShMT) is a group of inherited disorders that cause damage to nerves outside the brain and spine.
CMT UK charity organization reported that the wrong diagnosis - a common problem among people with ShMT because so little is known about this condition.
The roughly 23,000 people in the UK, presumably a ShMT, which can cause motor symptoms such as muscle weakness, uncertain gait and toes.
Patients can experience numbness or pain, and the status of cases and is not, which means that symptoms are aggravated with time.
When Rogers was 13, she thought she was suffering from ataxia Fridreykha (AF) - The forecast for which was very bad.
Rogers thought she would be confined to a wheelchair chair by the time she is 18, and dies before she is 30.
Mother of two children, who is now 51, said: "as a kid I knew that I could not do what others.
I fell every day, and I have for all took more time.
I could never go on the rollers or a skateboard with other children, and many scoffed at me because of how I went and ran.
Rogers said that, when she was 13, after several operations to release sinew and straighten the foot, she peered into the medical card, when her doctor came out of the room, and there was written that she AF.
"I felt guilty because nose where it should not be, and so I said no, but I returned home, found information about this condition in the library and wrote in the Association of AF," she said.
When I received the information in the answer, I was shocked and experienced the most terrible panic, which only possible.
I thought I'd be in a wheelchair in the 18th and die before I'll be 25, and that I gradually lose all their abilities in this period.
I went through this one and I own funeral.
She said that by the time she was 17, she realized that her ability to walk has not deteriorated as much as she thought, and asked his doctor about it.
He just got up, embraced me and said: "my dear, I don't think you have this disease because you would have been in a wheelchair."
I think you have something that represents a much smaller threat to life.
After several ShMT genetic screening has found.
"when he explained what ShMT, I thought stretched happy ticket," she said.
Charitable organization ShMT Britain announced a month ShMT information to try to draw attention to the disease.
The tax burden on entrepreneurs, the Washington area is growing as the economy recovers
economy means more customers, more sales and new jobs.
It also means higher taxes.
Accounts for paying taxes on the state and local level for companies across the country, moderately increased last year when the accelerated economic recovery, according to a new study, published last week, and the company in the Washington area is no exception.
Companies in the District, Maryland and Virginia collectively paid $27.6 billion in state and local coffers in fiscal 2013, 3.8 percent more than $26.6 billion collected in 2012.
Tax burden on business across the state and at the local level in the past year, increased by 4.3 percent to $671 billion, compared to 3.9 percent a year earlier, and it was the third straight year of growth after overtaking each other years when the bills decreased in 2009 and 2010.
Taxes imposed state grew faster, 4.3 percent than local taxes, 3.9 percent, according to the research, which was conducted by providing professional services, Ernst & Young and the Center for taxing state group on tax policy.
More than half of the tax revenue in the district, 56 percent, accounting for taxes on entrepreneurs, while 36 percent of Maryland tax revenues is attributable to the company.
Virginia, with 28 percent, is the lowest amount of tax revenue, proportionally, from entrepreneurs.
To a large extent, the growth in tax revenues caused by returning to the same level of the value of real estate companies, researchers say, that raised taxes on real estate at 3.7 percent this year after three years in a row when growth was less than 1 percent.
While a large proportion of these revenues are concentrated in large states such as California, New York and Texas, it seems that the same thing is happening in the Washington area.
Companies in the District, Maryland and Virginia collectively paid $10 billion property taxes at the state and local level in the past year to $9.6 billion more than in 2012 - a growth of 4.2 percent, compared with the previous year.
However, the return of the value of the property does not have a similar effect on the growth of tax revenue for state and local level in Maryland, where taxes on real estate barely exceed one fifth of tax bills of companies.
Of Virginia and the District of Columbia paid about half of the tax bills at the state and local level, in the form of taxes on real estate.
"what's happening in Maryland is that such a large part of their property, especially tax base around the District of Columbia, is owned by either the government or non-profit organization, which do not pay taxes on real estate," said Douglas Lindkholm, executive director of the Center for state tax.
Thus, Maryland is forced to rely much more, for example, on income taxes to pay for the same services that exist in other states.
The recent increase in tax receipts from businesses cannot fully explain the recovery of the real estate market.
Income of entrepreneurs also seems to go on the amendment, according to these data.
Companies in the region corporate income tax at a level of $2.3 billion to $2.1 billion more than in 2012.
Maryland collected $1 billion of corporate income tax revenues, most in the region.
Although the trends are in the same direction, the tax burden of entrepreneurs at the local level does not increase with the same speed in all three areas.
The growth rate in the District of Columbia was on the same level as the average for the country, 4.3 percent, while growth in Maryland was significantly faster 4.9 percent.
Only in Virginia, there was an increase of tax revenue below the average equal to 4.1 percent.
In Virginia was the lowest corporate income tax of three jurisdictions (each of whom the same corporate rate) equal to 6 percent.
In Maryland the corporate rate is 8.25 percent, while in the district it is relatively high - 9,975 per cent.
A similar study of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce earlier this year found that in Virginia lower taxes for entrepreneurs at the state and local level and generally a more favorable climate in regard to taxes for entrepreneurs than in Maryland.
District was not assessed in this study.
Despite its advantage, Virginia is feeling competitive pressure from its neighbor to the south.
North Carolina recently signed legislation that corporate rate this year from 6.9 percent to 6 percent, the same as in Virginia, and the rate will fall to 5 percent in the next year.
If the state continues to achieve targets for tax revenue in the next year, this law could bring income tax rate for entrepreneurs, even up to 3 per cent by 2017.
Meanwhile, a small business in the Washington area, it seems, feels better, and thus pay more taxes on the state and local level, according to a recent study.
Taxes for entrepreneurs, paid in the form of individual income tax the owners of small businesses, transient structure on which a majority of small firms - in the District of Columbia, Maryland and Virginia increased by 20 percent last year to $2.4 billion, with much greater speed of growth than taxes for in general.
Researchers say the trend and an increase in revenues from taxes on businesses across the country, is likely to continue this year, with sales tax revenues to state and local governments, from 6.2 percent in the first three quarters of 2014 compared to the same period last year.
However, the Washington area could fall behind as lower federal spending affects the labor market in the region.
Bronze Age Russian judo
The Russian team brought home judo world championship two silver and seven bronze medals.
In this respect, the Russians gave only the favorite of the competition - Japan's national team.
Tournament in Chelyabinsk was launched on Monday, the first day of the Russian team to the silver medal.
Its owner was Beslan Mudranov, speaker in the category up to 60 kg.
At the same time as the final fight Boldbaatarom Ganbatom from Mongolia the outcome of confrontation has decided only one note obtained by Russian.
And here's the second day of the tournament was the most successful for the Russian national team, on Tuesday had won just three medals.
In the men's competition in the category up to 66 kg Pulyaevu inherited Michael silver and bronze - Kamal Khan-Magomedovu.
In the final match to Russian world champion of 2011 and 2013, the Japanese Masashi Ebinume.
Hanam Magomedov at stage loser, went through the tournament and became the owner of bronze awards.
In the women's tournament to 52 kg category also moved up to the third step pedestal honour Natalia Kuzyutina.
In the semi-finals she lost to current world Maylinde Kelmendi from Kosovo, which at this championship stood under the banner of the International Judo Federation and successfully defended the title.
In the dispute over Inan Kuzyutina won bronze with Ma from China, but after the end of the tournament yet admitted that third place is not what she expected.
And again the obstacle to Russian women to gold became Kelmendi, Kuzyutinu earlier in the final of the European Championship.
In the third day of the tournament in Chelyabinsk, a bronze medal to the piggy bank of Russia put Musa Mogushkov fought in the under 73 kg.
In his offender was former representative of Moldova Victor Skovortsov now mobilised for the UAE.
But then the Russians won two battles and became the owner of the awards.
The spoke at home with the injury, which he plans to heal any time soon, so take a pause in the competition.
As for Starling, he and he reached the bronze medal at this tournament.
Interestingly, and another of his compatriot, took special citizenship of the UAE, Ivan Remarenko with Bronze completed performance in the category up to 100 kg.
The fourth day ChM-2014 also brought the Russians a bronze, which won in the category up to 81 kg Ivan Nifont of Novgorod.
In a battle of small final by remarks from the opponent he defeated Frenchman Alan Schmitt.
On Friday at the tournament just three sets of awards, but Russians traditionally Bronze were limited to one in the men's tournament to 90 kg.
Its owner was Kirill issues, with the Russian team this medal was guaranteed: his opponent in the final was compatriot Kirill Denisov.
But the fight did not take place: rival Voprosova couldn't get on the mat because of injury.
Men's bronze was conquered by the Masters and sixth day of competition - her piggy bank team put Renat Saidov, who in the category of more than 100 kg.
In finals he won a clean victory over David Moura.
So the individual part of the world championship.
On the last day of the tournament in Chelyabinsk on Sunday, the title of world champions in team competitions.
Both Russian teams, and men's and women's - were among the contenders for awards, but, as in the individual competitions, Representatives sex wasn't lucky - they did not make it to the medals.
But the Russian command won silver.
In a decisive confrontation they are in a stiff competition with a score of 2-3 gave the competition favorites - Japan's team.
At the same time, the Russian national team led 2-0 after a clean victory Khan-Magomedova and strong-willed - Denis Yartsevo (weight to 73 kg).
But in heavier weight categories with their Japanese rivals could not cope Murat Khabachirov (81), Magomed Magomed (90) and Aslan Cambia, Haute-Corse (100).
The same scenario was developed and bronze match in women's tournament, where the national team, leading 2-0, lost is 2-3.
The team competitions in Chelyabinsk was attended by Russian President Vladimir Putin, who congratulated the men's team tournament after finishing with silver.
"second place is a very honorable, but I want to say that it was evident that you could become champions," said Putin, whose words leads RIA "news."
Lose the Japanese judo - nothing here is no libel.
But I am sure that you can have them and win.
The Russian national team at the home World Cup performed much better than a year ago, in the competitions of such level, held in Rio de Janeiro.
Then there was the Russian team in only three medals, one silver and two bronze.
At the same time, the current tournament were Olympic champions Arsen Galstyan and Mansur Isaev.
We are, of course, big.
Yes, we want gold medals.
But let us remember that if the person in the Olympic cycle is included in the G8, he is a potential winner of the Olympics.
Especially in a sport like judo, "summarized the RF Minister of Sport Vitaly Mutko at the tournament, the words of which leads the championship.
Japan's national team which became the best in Chelyabinsk, winning 11 medals of merit, five of which were gold.
The next World Cup will be held next summer in Astana.
To get acquainted with other materials, news and statistics can be on the page of the summer sports.
The family of Joan Riverz hopes for the best
Joan Riverz lies unconscious on arrival at the hospital in New York three days ago, but her daughter expressed the hope today that 81st Summer Comedy actress from the disease.
"thank you for your continued love and support," said Melissa Riverz in a statement today.
We hope for the best.
Her mother arrived at Mount Sinai Hospital on Thursday after an emergency call that she was the heart in the clinic in the Upper East Side, Yorkville Manhattan Endoskopi, according to sources.
Doctors intentionally keeping her sedated and under strict supervision until they will not meet its condition, which remains "severe."
The response was wide, including the massed support online from such as Donald Trump, Rip Montel Williams and Kelly.
All can be Kings
The sale of the group's debut album Royal Blood - new hope of British rock, Rock Duet from clubs straight to stadiums.
The duo Royal Blood just a year on stage, but already has a proven track record in the music prize nomination BBC, tour to warm up at Arctic Monkeys and a visit to the Jimmy Page New York concert.
Their debut self-titled album has a few months before release received 100 thousand and his contract issue lies in the portfolio Major record Warner Music.
Given the current making a bad situation worse in the music market, the situation of several over which, because it is not about new Lens Del Ray or another representative of "New R 'n' B," but the British duo in appearance, playing with the volume and intensity level, which was last in vogue a couple of decades ago.
In general, rates on the first album in connection with all circumstances were particularly high and is quite frustrated.
The duo knowingly took his name, which previously could infringe except that quite desperate hairy metallists, which Kings and blood flows, as they think, in their veins, too, is understandable.
It is, of course, primarily about the heroes of the past level of Led Zeppelin: like the great quartet, Royal Blood aim to shake up the blood of British rock, raising it to a new level.
To make predictions about the success of this enterprise is, perhaps, quite, but something to say can already be.
A dozen songs, in thirty minutes with a demonstration of phenomenal composition is not so much talent as confident and powerful declaration of intent.
Some of the dignity of the individual numbers, of course, cannot be denied: say, a pilot single "out of the black" is characterized by the fact that no memorable melodic line and drum party.
Musicians jokingly say that this song is generally easier than.
It should be noted as a "little monster" and provide its partner disc composition "Better Strangers" with Shakespearean quote in the title.
But the truth is that each of these songs would sound perfectly at the party of hard rock, but while playing in a row they merge in a more or less homogeneous cloth.
And this is not necessarily bad, on the contrary.
The strength of the royal blood that they don't claim to be the new Lennon and McCartney (rather too as motörhead), but made numerous Indio Club Rock Duet from the ghetto.
Their music, despite some variety, created for stadiums, in the building, built less than a couple of thousand people, she obviously closely.
Secret Hitra partly in use of bass, which has replaced the guitar in a familiar format, zero thought at the beginning of the White Stripes.
However, it is not only the instruments but also in the approach to songs.
Heroes zero with great difficulty outside of postmodern paradigm, with huge reluctance went to recognize themselves not just Epigoni and independent creative units.
Royal blood is now sound so powerfully and boldly that this pressure successfully some and musical material.
Well, after all, who said that the rock should be clever?
Amazon buys twitch for $1.04 billion
Amazon just confirmed what reported information on Friday morning: items - and even a hundred other things - buys streaming service twitch for $1.04 billion ($us970 million).
The news was a surprise not because no one expected that twitch will be sold, but because many expected that YouTube will be the buyer.
Three months ago, Google's twitch sale for a good billion looked completely finished, and that combination looked natural.
twitch, which was founded just three years ago as justin.tv, set a goal to be general service - version of YouTube in real time.
Instead, he quickly turned into a platform where gamers aired their moments; "YouTube for games in real time," according to Business Insider.
twitch interface.
And "let's play," genre movies, in which give (mostly old) games processing, as in "mysterious theatre," is already popular on YouTube.
The fact is that YouTube is mentioned often, when describing twitch, so news that YouTube acquires twitch was greeted without much interest, a classic example of entrenched technology company potential competitor.
It is a mystery why deal with YouTube failed, given that, reportedly, he was willing to pay not less than Amazon.
What we have at the moment is a statement from twitch chief executive officer Emmett legend: "we chose Amazon because they believe in our community, they share our values and long-term objectives, and they want to help us get there faster."
Another mystery, frankly, it is an incredible success of twitch.
Snob like me, who say that it is better to be in sports than watching him, it is hard to understand the appeal of having to watch the game, rather than to take a joystick in hand.
It is one thing to look over the shoulder of a friend at 3 a.m., while creeping through Resident Evil, and quite another to look like a total stranger gets 20 shots in the head in a row in Call of Duty.
All the games that you could look right now.
Another problem is that many of the most popular games today are designed for one person, so to watch them shoot, not controlling the angle of view on their own, can be a recipe for headache, worthy do it right.
I would argue that the passage in which Roger Bennistery of our electronic age complete entire games in record time, entertain.
But if we are not talking about Virtuoso games or humor, it is unlikely that his twitch channel will be interesting at all.
But they know skeptics like me?
twitch had 55 million unique visitors per month, and is the fourth largest source of peak Internet traffic.
How Amazon work on this?
It is hard to imagine that twitch in Amazon Instant Video as gracefully as YouTube would simply absorb twitch.
But the twitch is that would gladly received any company: the crowds of young men dream of advertisers.
As the head twitch said Shear, Amazon and twitch "both believe in the future of games," and this channel shows no signs of aging, even - oh - as a spectator sport.
As a result of the terrorist act in 2004 killed more than 330 people, including 186 children.
More than 800 people were injured.
We spent a few days in Beslan.
Spoke with the surviving hostages, almost all now students with parents of victims, with Kaspolatovym The Super cemetery - City of Angels - Ramon, head of the Committee of Mothers of Beslan "" Susanna Dudievoy who participated in a special operation conducted by the ministry, "says correspondent of" society "Elizabeth Antonova, serving over.
Already returning to Moscow, met with Aslambek Aslakhanovym, who 10 years ago was a presidential adviser on Northern Caucasus and negotiated with terrorists and control officer in Russia's FSB "Vyacheslav Bocharov."
What particularly struck me during the work on this topic is that in Beslan as if there were these ten years.
This issue is extremely painful for all who have at least some to her attitude, people struggle to agree to talk about what happened.
Impressions from the trip very difficult.
But you can't forget the Beslan, and I hope we have coped with its task, "Antonov said.
prepared studio holding Rambler & Co, which operates in the company since the spring of this year.
Previous were devoted to the first world war and the 15th anniversary of Vladimir Putin in power.
North Korea carried out the launch of a short-range missile
North Korea launched short-range missiles produced in the waters of the Sea of Japan, according to "Renkhap."
The launch was made around 10: 30 a.m. local time from the Chagang Province province, located on the border of North Korea and China.
Presumably, the rocket fell in the Sea of Japan, flying about 220 km, stated in the Committee of the chiefs of staff of South Korea.
The deputies proposed to accelerate the entry into force of the law on personal data
In the case of Success initiative, the Russians cannot be stored on servers abroad from January 1, 2015
In the Russian parliament introduced a draft law providing for the date of entry into force of the already adopted law on personal data of Russians - from September 1, 2016 on January 1, 2015.
The initiative is in the legislative activities of the lower house.
Its authors were deputies of the State Duma Vadim Dengin, Yaroslav Neil (LDPR), Evgeny Fyodorov (United Russia), Vladimir Parakhin ("Fair Russia") and Alexander Yushchenko (CPRF).
Such a change, according to the authors of the initiative, will contribute to a more rapid and efficient provision of rights of citizens of the Russian Federation on the security of personal data and the protection of privacy of correspondence in networks.
The entry into force of which parliamentarians, commits to store Russians' personal data in the territory of the Russian Federation, processed via the Internet.
He also makes mandatory recording, systematisation, accumulation, storage, refining and extract personal data of Russian citizens, in databases located on the territory of Russia, and the information about the location of such databases.
In addition, the law gives Roskomnadzor right on the basis of the court's decision to restrict access to the information processed in violation of legislation of the Russian Federation in the area of personal data.
The law also proposes the creation of a so-called "black lists" - automated information system "the violators of human subjects of personal data."
The law was passed by the State Duma in the summer.
The authors of the bill were Andrei Lugovoy and Vadim Dengin from the LDPR and Alexander Yushchenko from the Communist Party.
and Yushchenko is also one of the authors of the bill already passed by the migration of the date of entry into force of the law.
Those who have no datacenters in Russia, will have to pay for the lease of
Commenting on the bill submitted today to the State Duma first deputy Duma committee on information policy, Leonid Levin, said he sees no problems for the date of entry into force of the law on the protection of personal data.
According to him, the companies that by January 1, 2015, will not have their own repositories of personal data of Russian citizens on the territory of the Russian Federation, will be able to rent them, for example, "the" history "which has repeatedly said that they are ready to provide their servers in rent and already provides its servers, the Mail group, the Western companies, which now provide their servers."
"in addition, there are several independent datacenters, ready to cooperate in this field," he added.
"if companies decide to implement the law and continue to work in the territory of the Russian Federation, I don't see problems, they will receive technological opportunities for placement," Levin concluded.
The controversial bill
Immediately after the publication of the draft law of the Russian association of electronic communications expressed fear that if the bill Russians will no longer be able to use many of the global Internet services.
In particular, we are talking about services online booking of air tickets and hotels.
According to the association, "the bill deprives citizens of the Russian Federation subjects of personal data, the right to dispose of their own data determining that their recording, systematisation, etc. should be provided only in databases located on the territory of the Russian Federation."
In a statement RAEK stressed that a more effective measure would be to create a mechanism to inform users about where is the recording, systematisation of his personal data.
In this case he will be able to choose, in any territory specified actions will be made.
The adoption of the same such bills on the "localization" of personal data in other countries has led to global services and care for significant economic losses.
A test of a bucket instead ice water jaw
Isabel Roberts from the UK so she cried when her village head in icy water that damaged bone structure of the face.
This test a bucket instead ice water went painfully wrong.
The woman was hospitalized after she shouted during testing a bucket instead of water ice that jaw.
Isabel Roberts shouted so fiercely when, on her head village of ice water that damaged the structure of the face.
"the water was so cold that I cried, but when I did, my jaw started," she told the Mirror.
Water are poured on 20.
Isabel Roberts in seconds before the accident
I tried to close my mouth, but it is not tanks, he was stuck, and then I came to understand that something is wrong.
Then to my mum and sister came the same understanding and they started, but we had to carry me to the emergency.
20-year woman from the UK was taken to the hospital to jaw after participating in the popular hobby - on Tuesday.
The clip became Online Scoop and has been published thousands of times on Facebook and Twitter.
More than 400 prisoners were handed over to the Ukrainian military militias
In "The Army Novorossiysk" argue that downed a Ukrainian Su-27, and accuse the enemy in violation of the ceasefire agreement
Militias as of 10: 00 a.m. on September 1, was handed over to the Ukrainian side of 400 prisoners, 72 of whom were injured as well as the bodies of 35 dead servicemen.
This was informed "Interfax" press office spokesman Novorossiysk "army."
He added that "the air defense forces in the location of downed plane Mereshki Su-27, ceasefire agreement."
According to the interlocutor of the agency, the Ukrainian side with Luhansk airport beginning Artillery used cluster bombs banned by international conventions.
A representative of the press service noted that per night managed to damage two Ukrainian air force helicopter on one of the field airports, as well as destroy two of the Hill and two warehouses with ammunition.
"the enemy's losses of manpower - up to 100 people killed and wounded, surrendered in a captured 13 people," - summed up the staff.
Interfax did not have confirmation of this information from Ukrainian sources.
On Sunday the armed forces "people's republics" of the Donbas announced the transfer of the Ukrainian side in the observance of the cease-fire 223 captured soldiers and soldiers of the National Guard of Ukraine.
At the same time, the army teach at night, according to the army's "Novorossiysk," "attempt in violation of previously reached agreements to withdraw from the environment, heavy equipment."
Then the volunteers reported destruction in battle of two tanks and two BMP armored infantry vehicles, capturing six tanks and disarmament of 198 soldiers.
According to the headquarters, the total loss of the enemy in all directions (Donetsk, Lugansk, Mariupol) for the night totaled five tanks, eight armoured fighting vehicles, more than 120 people killed and wounded
At the end of last week a group of Ukrainian servicemen was surrounded by militias in the Ilovaisk in Donetsk region.
Russian President Vladimir Putin asked the leadership of the "people's republics" to release Ukrainian soldiers from the environment.
To teach agreed to go for it if the enemy weapons and ammunition.
The first tens of soldiers surrounded by settlements began to leave on Saturday morning.
According to the commander of a battalion in the Ukrainian Donbass territorial defence Semenchenko seeds, on Sunday night from "boiler" left another 14 people.
In his Facebook Semenchenko wrote that Ukrainian wounded are in captivity at 137 Regiment 32 Division of the Russian Federation and nine armored brigade of the Russian Federation, "where is being treated well.
Meanwhile, Russia's foreign ministry and defense ministry refuted reports of Ukrainian military and NATO about the presence of Russian troops in Ukraine.
Russian Foreign Ministry: Russia takes EU response in the event of new sanctions
Russia reserves the right to take retaliatory measures to protect their interests in the event of the introduction of new anti-Russian sanctions, according to the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation.
In the Russian agencies says that "conclusions" of the European Council of 30 August failed to overcome the inertia of the Member States that they support Kiev authorities.
Brussels continues to insist that Russia contributed to both the situation in eastern Ukraine, based on "absolutely assertions about the presence of Russian armed forces on the territory of this country," said on the website of the ministry.
The Russian foreign ministry expresses regret that Yevrosovet, contrary to the interests of its member states, influenced countries which are interested in strengthening the confrontation with Russia.
Yevrosoveta members should call for a peaceful settlement of the conflict in the east of Ukraine, as well as to provide conditions for full "dialogue between the conflicting sides," the agency said.
Also on the website of the department notes that there are currently no assessments of the humanitarian situation in Donbass, where unfolded a massive humanitarian catastrophe, as well as increasing the number of victims among the civilian population.
Recall that during the nearest in the European Union it is planned to develop specific proposals for sanctions against Russia.
At the same time, EU officials have worked closely with American officials.
It is expected that they will correlate between themselves introduced measures for the period of validity and the degree of rigidity.
The new EU sanctions could affect the energy and financial sector.
Also, the Australian government announced the expansion of sanctions against Russia in the fields of defense, finance, and oil and gas industries.
Sneaky ways to save on university textbooks
Given that the cost of university textbooks for many students more than $1,000 per year, Matt Schroeder, who will soon go on the second course, came up with a way to cut costs.
He developed a system of how to borrow books for hire from, offering them a nominal compensation, so they postponed their sale.
"my tutorial on mathematical analysis, which usually costs $180, I received a semester for $10 and" Chick-fil-A "cookies," says Schroeder, 19, who is studying in Covenant College in Georgia.
The literature on last semester would cost $430, he said.
He spent $120.
According to the College Board, the average student spends more than $1,200 a year on textbooks and educational facilities, but the students have a number of options to reduce these costs.
Students increasingly choose Internet shops and creative ideas, like Schroeder's system.
Car books is becoming more popular, allowing students to use the book for a semester, and often is substantially cheaper than buying them.
Company "Nibo Inkorporeytid," which holds more than 250 university bookstores, reports that the volume of Steel books increased by half since 2011.
Industry research shows that around a quarter of the books in university bookstores during the past spring semester were taken for rent, says vice-president "Nibo" Trevor Meyer.
Less than half of all books sold in university bookstores, according to the professional association "National Association of University stores."
Here's the introductory course on the best ways to make a bargain.
Buying in the store
Sometimes, if you will connect to the Internet, the price for a new book may be one-third of what you'll see in the university bookstore.
The ninth edition of "mathematical analysis" Ron Larson, Bruce Edwards and Robert Khostetlera costs about $290 on the current price list, but the new copy can be bought for $239,99 site chegg.com, which specializes in selling textbooks.
Buying a used
If you are not against other people's notes or damage, second-hand textbooks is a good option.
"mathematical analysis" is sold for $93,49 form on to chegg.com.
Matt Kesedey, 25 years, fourth year student from the University of Brigem Young says paid 42 cents on Amazon.com for the textbook used copy of "strategic decisions in media: understanding of the business side of the advertising business."
The book was sold for $48 new.
Teachers, for instance, Ingrid Breysi, director of "college without walls" at the University of Massachusetts in Emkherste, offers students refine their professors could use previous publications.
Sometimes the updates are insignificant for lessons.
In such cases, the older editions often can be found in a very small proportion of the cost of the latest edition.
In addition to websites Amazon and chegg, half.com, "owned by eBay Inc.," is a popular alternative to buying second-hand books.
Car
About how to take textbooks for rental, you need to think, if you're good enough to deal with them, don't forget to return them and don't want to leave them to themselves after the course is over.
You can save more than 80% of the cost of a new book.
For example, one student was able to rent a "mathematical analysis" for a semester for about $20.
Check the rules of that store, where you take the book, including any fines, which you can write the notes, underlining and damage.
If you take a book, remember: if you do not return the book, fines may even exceed the cost of the new instance.
Electronic books
Electronic books instead of traditional textbooks is another option.
Sometimes such books actually take rent, buying electronic license for a certain period for retailers, such as Amazon.com, chegg and Barnes & Noble Inc.
Car "mathematical analysis" on the Web site chegg.com for six months will cost about $61.
says that students who study literature can often find the most favorable prices, as many of the classics are available for free, while literature on natural and engineering sciences can be quite expensive.
Despite everything,.
Joe Golt, 29, who plans to begin studies at the law school Pepperdin, recommends using ISBN number to find out the price of the book, since it ensures that you are looking for in your text.
Before you make a booking online, says Golt, be sure to check whether a book is in stock.
Him this lesson school was gave uneasily.
The delivery of the book, which he bought, was postponed for four weeks, and in the end, he paid the full price in the university bookstore.
Putin said about the complete ineffectiveness of the Far East development fund
Russian President Vladimir Putin at a meeting on the state priority investment projects and areas in the Far East, that the development of the far East investment fund, created two years ago, inefficient, according to Interfax.
"15 billion rubles and remained on the deposits," the president said.
During the meeting, the president instructed to accelerate approval of the list of territories of the anticipatory development of the Far East.
He said that the draft law needed to create Thor must be introduced in the State Duma this autumn.
Federal Assembly, said the president, until July 1 and have not approved the list of territories of the anticipatory development of the Far East and their criteria.
Vladimir Putin also formulated the basic tasks to ensure the development of the Far East.
Among them, improving transport accessibility of the region, removing infrastructure restrictions - both on the domestic market as well as for export development.
Among other things, must be to attract additional investment to the region, as well as the shape of the anticipatory development of which must be competitive in relation to key business centers of the Asia-Pacific region, said the president.
As we have previously reported that the anticipatory development can replace the SEZ.
Why "Guardians of the Galaxy" could not save cash collections
"Steal 3" Sylvester Stallone returned less than $30 million of his $budget in the United States, while "Sin City: a woman for whom we should kill" returned only $12 million from its $budget.
"home videos" with Cameron Diaz brought only $14.6 million in the first weekend, while children's films, such as "how to tame a Dragon 2" also are disappointing revenue.
The Telegraph Robbie Colleen film criticism suggests that, when it comes to children's films, perhaps the bad quality of the films.
Collin called 2014 "the worst year" in its history in regard to children's films, and called "How to tame a Dragon 2" barely "full-fledged" continuation of fantasy.
However, when it comes to movies aimed at older audiences several, it seems that the problem is not necessarily as the films themselves.
In July, Entertainment Weekly compared average cinemascore and metacritic ratings of each film, issued in the car during the summer holiday in an amount not less than 2,000 copies between Memorial Day in May and July 20, for 2013 and beyond this year.
The results, which take into account the opinion as and Review, suggests that this year's crop of films are similar in caliber with last year's hits.
Some commentators suggest that it may be in the changing audience habits and the growing popularity of streaming services, such as Netflix.
Director John Favereau, who is currently working on the movie "coming soon in car Jungle Book" website Hollywood Reporter said: "I think times are changing."
We must admit it and not try to chase what it was before.
Unlike the current box office numbers fall in Hollywood, Netflix's revenue from the service streaming playback reached $1.2 billion, almost twice the topping US $812 million
Last summer, the director Steven Spielberg criticized studios for what they too rely on comic book franchise, and predicted a "collapse" of Hollywood.
In the light of the current downturn, some commentators argue that in his gloomy was truth.
Due to the fact that in the summer of 2015 is expected to be out several potential box office hits, including "Avenger: Ultron era," "minions" and "the limestone," other representatives of the film industry are more optimistic.
Producer of "X" Simon Kienberg recently called the fall box office numbers simply "," telling the Hollywood Reporter: "next summer will be the most cash in the summer in history, and no one will worry about it."
Food sanctions do not frighten the owners of establishments with Caucasian and Central Asian food, but for the restaurants of European and Japanese cuisine, Russian suppliers - this is a nightmare.
And generally catering while prefers to replace blocked imports of products not from Russia, but from Latin America, Israel and China.
"better have cucumber than mozzarella is bad," is distressed by the chef of the Italian restaurant barlotti Mariano Valerio about the quality of cheese, which offer him instead of the Italian suppliers.
And mozzarella cheese Burrata ended in the first, they have a small shelf.
Stocks of Parmesan should suffice for another couple of months.
What to do?
To switch to the Russian?
In 2005, I was at Dorogomilovo District market.
Mariano Valerio makes such eyes, that is clear: shocking memories not dismissed it until now.
Meat there lay in carts just 30 inches from the floor.
There's also the cat!
Rats!
Then I said to our restaurant we never will buy nothing on Russian markets.
I don't know, maybe now there, all that changed.
But the other day I brought to sample fish from the Far East.
So it proved!
I said I didn't want to even talk with the man who brought us this.
Valerio is surprised that many ordinary things for Italy for the Russian manufacturer in wonder.
A few years ago, I was forced to buy the beef.
In Italy meat in refrigeration cell for 10 days at a temperature 1-2 degrees.
It should to become soft, so the muscles relaxed.
I've done all of this with the local beef.
Then I asked: where do you think this gentle meat?
I say: so this is your Russian!
Why you have none so does?
Five minutes' walk from barlotti in French restaurant Brasserie "bridge" in the kitchen hangs a stop list, which identifies missing products: French oysters, sea...............
The chef of Brasserie Bar "bridge" and "Arrow" Régis Trigel not so pessimistic is configured as Valerio: oysters from France has already replaced oysters from Tunisia, and instead of French cheese restaurant will buy Swiss.
However, and Régis becomes more emotional when it comes to Russian suppliers: "cauliflower is 200 rubles!
I ask: "why, on what basis it is worth so much?"
I say: "well, we also need to make money."
But this cabbage should not cost more than 80 rubles!
Far Eastern oysters we buy by weight, but they live 15-20 years, imagine how much weight their shells?
And it turns out that this.
It seems that Russian suppliers is one of the main sources of for foreign chefs.
Standard history: "the first three months all was well, then the quality has fallen sharply."
The main claims: Russian suppliers could not withstand the stable calibre and quality.
Many European restaurants do not know that they will come to an end when the reserves of cheese
Photo: Alexander Miridonov, Kommersant
menu
On 6 August, President Vladimir Putin signed a decree on the application of specific economic measures to ensure the security of Russia, which is basically food sanctions.
In the country is banned to import beef, pork, meat and semi products of poultry, meat dishes, fish, shellfish, milk, yogurt, cottage cheese, cheese, vegetables, fruit, nuts, sausage and sugar syrups.
The restaurants started Leapfrog with suppliers: food prices have increased, we need to urgently seek counterparts from other countries.
This will affect the most expensive restaurants with France, Italy, Spain, in which products supplied directly from the "maternal" countries.
had to re-structure and earlier.
For example, when, at the beginning of 2014, the Rosselkhoznadzor banned imports of Australian beef, and a year earlier - the American and Canadian meat.
In return, suppliers have supplies of beef from Argentina, Uruguay and New Zealand.
But sanctions were far more serious.
However, on August 20, Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev approved amendments to the presidential orders, which ban lifted from Fry Atlantic salmon and trout, milk, seed potatoes, sugar corn, peas and onions for sowing.
The Italian Valerio hopes that sanctions might even soften.
As long as there is the majority of restaurants in conditions of uncertainty.
According to the company "East-West," one of the largest suppliers of Horeca, the proportion of imported products in the premium segment accounted for up to 70%.
"expensive restaurants have to change the menu under that produce local farmers and other countries," said Sergei Mironov, restaurateur, owner of the agency "Restkonsalt."
If the chef is strong, it would not be a problem for him.
Only a very few of these chefs, and for the development of a new menu may take two to three months.
The restaurant Brasserie "bridge" to this is: give up to 10-15% of dishes, even half of the menu - recycle.
In restaurants with mixed dishes are starting to replace the dishes, for example steak of marbled beef - Beef Stroganoff, says Sergei Mironov.
"cheeses from Europe can be replaced with Russian, Belarusian cheeses, cheese from Serbia, Argentina, Tunisia, Chile, lists the representative of" East-West "Oksana Glibchuk.
Cream and milk products from Europe have analogues in Russia and Belarus.
Chicken from the United States can be replaced by chicken from Russia and Belarus, salmon and salmon from Norway - salmon,, trout from Belarus, and Chile.
The lack of fruits and vegetables in Europe could be offset by the products of domestic manufacturers, proposals from Serbia, Moldova and China.
According to Mironov, budget restaurants road network will be easier than a premium segment: there were hardly gourmets, able to distinguish the Italian mozzarella is from Russian.
Although it is difficult to have institutions Ginza Project, he said.
The Ginza Project several dozen restaurants under different brands and with their menus.
The replacement will take a lot of time, "said Mironov.
In the Ginza refused to comment, citing the absence of owners in the country.
The owners of the Caucasian and Central Asian cuisine emphasize that products from the former Soviet republics European
But many restaurants, which sanctions almost never will.
They include self-catering establishments of CIS countries: Georgian, Uzbek, Armenian and Azerbaijani.
"in Georgian cuisine there is no expensive products," said Khatuna Kolba, owner of the saperavi Georgian restaurant and cafe "Vai doe!."
All cheeses are for us in Russia, at the base of many dishes - chicken, exotic herbs, we do not use. "
In Kolbai establishments until removed from the menu of a single cuisine.
Timur Lens, owner of restaurants, tea houses "N1" with Uzbek cuisine, sanctions are not: change will have only to lamb.
If Russia imports from Uzbekistan, Azerbaijan and Kazakhstan, we even win in price, for us it will be cheaper than imports from Europe, "he says.
From the CIS can be cheaper to get steak, lamb, tomatoes, cucumbers, fruit.
At the same time that they bring from Central Asia, far better than "plastic" from Italy, Spain and Turkey.
About Uzbek tomatoes all know that they are tasty, sweet.
The Spanish one doesn't say so.
The sanctions after the Uzbek Minselvodkhoza Olimboy Artykov spokesman said that plans to increase export products to Russia doubled by 2016.
About his intention to replace European imports in Russia almost immediately after the imposition of sanctions said Belarus and Kazakhstan.
Restaurants fast, which responded to the query "money," also quite calmly respond to the sanctions.
The McDonald's has announced that more than 85% of the localization and Network works with 160 Russian suppliers.
According to Tatyana Bogdanov, director of the department on work with suppliers, subway, about 80% of the food network buys in Russia, although the temporary difficulties can arise with the supply of vegetables, and higher prices for meat products that produce from imported raw materials.
In "Teremke" "products" in general held no more than 4%.
Not discussed sanctions and Vokker "."
KFC, Burger King and "little potato" on request "money" has not responded, but other market participants argue that the degree of localization of Burger King is substantially less than the McDonald's.
In the absence of Norwegian fish Restaurateur ready to buy Chilean rather than our excellent Russian
At its Pink salmon
Meanwhile Restaurateur complain that because of increased demand, prices are rising even on local products.
"on products for" rakes "prices increased on average by 10-15%, M & E for an Italian restaurant" Cherie "- twice," says restaurateur Rozhnikovskiy novel.
Even in Georgian restaurants cost meals will grow by 5-10% Kolba acknowledges.
"East-West" this does not deny: "for example, the Belarusian dairy products since the beginning of August has grown in price by 10% to 15%."
"Brazilian suppliers raised prices of pork almost doubled," complained Sergei cancer, deputy director general of "Stardogs."
Chicken legs rose by 35%.
Expect prices from China, maybe they hot Brazilian head.
In the near future in "Stardogse" will be planned price increases by 8%.
Now and so very undesirable to raise prices, "says cancer.
According to statistics, catering revenue growth for the second quarter of 2014, just 1.8%.
This is the smallest rate since 2010.
Retail prices will rise further, he admits, but it is not clear how quickly: while most restaurateurs products for the next two months, hoping to ride out changes in purchase prices.
But that will be in two months, nobody knows.
At the square in front of Moscow's city hall is worth a dozen tents complete decorated greenery and wood.
In the center of the stage, the musicians play a waltz.
It is a festival of regional foods with the funny name "have time to eat."
"we generally have long wanted to do a celebration of local food, and then just sanctions, we hastened, organized a festival," said one of the organizers.
Behind the scenes with the musicians Chef Greek Anastas prepares pasta salad and homemade sweets, the other day was a master class on cooking with apples borshch.
All of Russian products, the organizers argue.
In tents - exhibition of achievements of the national economy.
Honey from Bashkiria, venison from Salekhard, vegetables from the farm "in the name of Lenin," Jay Close cheeses from the Italian.
"salmon for restaurants, you can easily replace the other fish of salmon kinds from the Far East," says the owner of a fishing shop "their people" Philip Galkin.
We caught Närke, Ketoy, Coho salmon, Pink salmon, Chinook salmon - "Royal salmon."
Yes, they are not as fat as Norwegian salmon, because it is wild fish.
Norwegian salmon is the same aquaculture.
It in your hands - it is not even moving.
And our Asian sure you in the hands of No.
Only institution without any claims agree to replace the Italian mozzarella is patriotic
In the shop window of his marquee lie shrimp with Birk "Magadan," Cod, geological, Muksun, mussels with Crimea, scallops from the Far East.
Galkin is confident that it is time to move on fish from the Far East.
According to statistics, catch fish in Russia in 2013 - more than 4 million tons, a significant part of the fish goes to Japan, Korea, and even in the United States.
Imports of fish in Championship M - about 800 thousand tons.
Shop "their people" working since 2012, sells fish through the online store, before the introduction of sanctions served even one and a half dozen restaurants, such as "simple things."
Now to Galkin received applications from a further 15 restaurants.
The same land it can be done from our fish, "he.
We, tried various recipes.
Land now sell through online store in a million rubles per month.
Our fish cheaper in a few times, and delivery is a maximum of 15 rubles per kilogram.
In confirmation of competition started in the tent I cook portion of "Philadelphia" with Ketoy.
Unlike Roll with these accounts for longer to chew, but the fact that this fish our, Russian, gives the forces.
On the site stall "their people" have even roll from Halibut and sea perch.
In, however, replace the Norwegian salmon prefer Chilean.
Galkin explains that Chef laziness to invent new recipes with the Far East fish.
"Russian fish suppliers we have not yet offered," gives his explanation killfish bar owner Dmitri Evseev.
Roughly the same situation with other products: Russian producers could take all niche, but this does not happen.
According to the founder and co-owner of lavkalavka Boris Akimova, now we can talk more about eliminating imports from Europe and America imports from China, Israel and Latin America.
There is a large transnational corporations, which have a powerful logistics and large volumes.
They are able to quickly replace blocked imports in contrast to our farmers.
The ban will benefit from the first major manufacturers of other countries, "Akimov said.
However, in the past month, and restaurant management industry was more alarming than food sanctions.
As a result of mass unscheduled inspections of Rospotrebnadzor was temporarily suspended three McDonald's in Moscow and two regional companies in Stavropol and Yekaterinburg.
"we are studying the essence of the claims tendered to determine the actions necessary to open the restaurants for visitors as soon as possible," said "money" in the press service of McDonald's.
In fact, no one knows what will happen next.
If it will be limited to food sanctions is one option that you can survive, "said a company employee, speaking on condition of anonymity, a restaurant consulting.
If we begin to close the McDonald's across the country, it will be a very different scenario.
"Yevroprotokol" instead of help traffic police
Hull will receive payments without the help of traffic police - so the central bank intends to stimulate implementation in Russia. "
The Bank of Russia has developed the draft guidance, according to which, from 1 September this year to receive payments on Casco insured Avtomobilist can do without help of traffic police.
This, however, is only about those cases where the accident was made on "" without the participation of the traffic police.
That is, if the accident involved only two cars not physically affected persons, damage does not exceed the limit and both drivers have reached agreement on the question of who the culprit of the accident.
Since August 2 limit "" payments of 50 thousand rubles, and on October 1, in Moscow, St. Petersburg, as well as in the Moscow and Leningrad oblasts, it will be increased to 400 thousand rubles.
The bottom line is that often even with minor injuries, in a situation where an accident can arrange for "" drivers caught in an accident, cause the SDP.
After all, if there is a policy to get it without the help of traffic police was impossible.
Parameters laid out in the draft guidance is designed to eliminate this obstacle to introducing "" in Russia.
According to them, the maximum payout for Hull in connection with the accident, formed without the police, must not be lower than the "limit."
But it can't be above the limit specified in the contract of insurance Casco.
The idea, of course, useful and theoretically able to unload as members of the SDP, as well as roads.
But most likely not come in from her delight neither motorists nor insurers.
The latest fraud is already talking about a serious threat to growth, which could lead to the introduction of new rules on insurance payments.
As for the drivers, it is hard to imagine what kind of work will have to be done to overcome Russian conservatism.
In most cases, the driver would be hours to wait for the inspectors to make a small accident because so reliable.
And it is still unknown what will be easier - win fraudsters or convince drivers in "reliability."
savings certificate will be registered and
The finance ministry wants to ban savings certificates into bearer, but will allow banks to make them similar to contribution.
The finance ministry is preparing a bill which would prohibit bearer savings certificates.
Lately, this tool is gaining popularity, as rates are higher than on bank deposits.
The point is that savings bearer certificates do not fall into the deposit insurance system, and the bank they are cheaper because of no need to do contributions to the Deposit Insurance Agency (DIA).
situation that this step will be taken for small and medium-size banks, which distribute those certificates, and he will suffer from Sberbank and Bank of Moscow, which, according to the DIA, controlling 98% of the market level.
With a share of the Bank of Moscow, according to the agency, is about 3.5%.
The problem, explains in the DIA is that customers of a small bank that bought such a certificate in case of license revocation if they try to get money in the DIA.
Some depositors, not having sufficient financial literacy and buying savings certificates into bearer may assume that their investments are insured.
Definitive lack of insurance payments on these certificates in case of license revocation the bank can lead to misunderstandings and social tensions.
In the practice of the agency were cases when the certificate holders tried to collect the insurance compensation through the court, "the DIA said.
The problem, of course, made-up.
For paying customers certificates still nobody will, because they have no right to compensation under the law in the state.
If the case was that the tool is not insured at DIA, together with him would be banned and the metal accounts, which means citizens are counted in grams of one of the four metals - gold, silver, platinum and palladium.
Because these accounts do not fall into the deposit insurance system, but their existence until nobody encroaches.
It is likely that the bearer certificates are very convenient valuable paper, which actually can act as.
At the same time, their movement is almost no control: any customer can buy a certificate to any citizen, and until cashing such a certificate could change a lot of owners.
It is not by chance that the bill directed that savings certificate must be a valuable paper, which should be kept in storage.
And to sweeten pill banks, such certificates are allowed to produce without the right to early repayment.
That is a similar input about which long dream of bankers.
NATO summit: the first protests in Nyuporte and Cardiff
At the weekend over the protests of those who opposed the NATO summit in Newport.
On Saturday, hundreds gathered in the centre of Newport for march against NATO.
And on Sunday in Cardiff Cardiff about 150 people gathered at the town hall at what was described as.
Stephen Feyrklau looking to us for the development of events during the weekend and talked with the protesters, who came from everywhere: from Bridgend to Belgium.
Germany will send to Iraq 30 anti-tank complexes
Germany will supply weapons to Iraq to counter the militants from the terrorist group the Islamic State, "the Itar-Tass news agency reported on August 31, with reference to the decision taken at the meeting of the representatives of the German government led by Chancellor Angela Merkel.
It is reported that Germany will send to Iraq 30 portable anti-tank missile complexes, "Milan" and 500 weapons to them, as well as 8 thousand G3 and g36 assault rifles.
The delivery will be carried out until the end of September.
In addition, Iraq decided to allocate another 50 million euros for humanitarian aid.
September 1, Mrs Merkel will address the Bundestag with government statement on this subject.
So far, Germany has not supplied its weapons in "hot spots."
Opinions of Germany about sending Iraqis weapons are divided.
Some believe that the only way to stop the fighters from the "Islamic state," others fear that these weapons could eventually fall into the hands of terrorists.
Militias destroyed so Ukrainian patrol boat in the Sea of Azov
Donetsk militias destroyed so Ukrainian patrol boat in the Sea of Azov, the Itar-Tass news agency reported on August 31.
According to available data, this happened in Taganrog Bay near settlements Shirokino and Bezymennoe (10-20 km east of Mariupol.
A number of Ukrainian mass media inform about the beginning of the two coast guard boats.
Adding that the incident took place at about 16: 20 Moscow time.
The teenagers were taken by helicopter from the Blue Mountains
Two were delivered by helicopter to a safe place after having spent the night, anchored in the Blue Mountains of New South Wales.
La 16enne girl and 18-year-old young man went on a hike shortly after noon on Sunday in the Blekkhite Govetts limes.
Worried about relatives called police about 8 p.m. when they did not return home.
Was sent to the search group, which included local police and a rescue squad, and a few have found about 11 p.m. near the waterfall Braydal Weil.
The girl damaged knee, and a young man fell and hurt his head.
Officers stayed with a couple on the night, and they raised on on Monday morning.
They were taken in an ambulance in a stable condition in hospital Mauntinz finished.
Met two union
High-level talks in Minsk is not solved problems for which were convened, but gave rise to a new format: the first face of the European Union met with the leaders of the Eurasian
Let and disturbing about (the situation around Ukraine is very urgent) EU leaders and the Customs Union for the first time discussed a number of "hot issues."
Whether this structure is able to work effectively, it is unclear; but it is clear who took the cream from that summit.
Questions on this score fell away on the evening of August 26, when the Belarusians, and after them and other with Europeans saw the new President Lukashenko.
The Belarusian leader showed an example of polished courtesy, it was human behavior, which just took off the jackpot - and is planning a decent old age in high society.
As Maidan Lukashenko helped
Arrival in Minsk just three main European commissioners (EU ministers), who met with Lukashenko and allowed him to play at the final briefing on their behalf - not merely legitimizing a president with 20 years of experience.
This is an application for recognition of a sovereign European policy and the main mediator of the Ukrainian crisis.
Senior analyst of the Belarusian Institute for Strategic Studies Denis Melyantsov sure: from now on, Brussels can't already speak with Minsk in the same tone as before.
"what Catherine Ashton met face to face with Lukashenko, gives reason to believe that the relationship with the EU will be further," he said "Ogonyok."
The tip of the iceberg have hidden part: preparations for the breakthrough the Belarusian authorities began long before November Maidan in Kiev - Championship G in summer.
"the results were achieved and with the EU is successful negotiations on visa facilitation and readmission, dialogues about modernization," lists the "pinpoints of light twinkled," - and with the United States were held talks on international security.
States even lifted some sanctions.
As for the Ukrainian events, then they themselves and response to Belarus only invoked another influx of this process.
Minsk, on the one hand, we have been able to maintain relations with Ukraine is warm enough not to lose heavily in mutual trade, and President Poroshenko could arrive in Belarus for talks.
On the other hand, the Belarusian leader, who did not recognize de jure annexation of Crimea to Russia and called on pro-Russian militias in Donbas to punish with all the rigor, not quarreled with Moscow.
Minsk did not appear neither the Customs Union nor of the CSTO, and in Baranovichi is a Russian air base.
Brussels and Washington have noticed a balanced position of the Ukrainian issue - and appreciated her confident Belarusian experts.
How successful is the movement of Lukashenko to political diversification will be seen by how often in the near future can have the opportunity to meet in Minsk EU format + ts.
The press service of the EU high representative for foreign policy Catherine Ashton and diplomacy have failed to answer questions about what Brussels expects from the relationship in the new format.
A spokesman for Ashton said only Kosyanchich Maya "Ogonyok" that decisions on the issues of war and peace, this issue is not a priority.
At the same time, there are reports that the next meeting place on the Ukrainian issue with participation of top officials of the new format could become and Kazakhstan.
Straw tar for Minsk was a statement by President Nursultan Nazarbayev, in which he admitted that his about it, as it turns out, personally asked representatives of the European Union.
Nevertheless, at the final briefing Alexander Lukashenko made clear: all parties are not opposed to Minsk's central meeting ground for both in Rossiya--OBSYe--Ukraina format, as well as on the level of heads of state and high representatives of the European Commission.
This means that "Europe's last dictator" acquires the status of a European leader who helps to solve a global problem.
The European farmer's best friend
The EU delegation, which included on trade and energy, the exhortation to the conclusion: the main underlying reason summit is not a tragic situation in Donbas, and the economy.
In fact, meeting schedule future talks on gas supplies and to overcome the fear of the CU on the agreement about an association of Ukraine with the EU is much more extensive than the peace declaration without specific dates and numbers.
Trade Commissioner Karl de Gyukht nonetheless outlined: representatives of the EU "came to Minsk to seek solution to the political crisis which has economic consequences, and not vice versa."
It seems, however, that the economy and the crisis in Ukraine "works" in Belarus.
Its consequences - and above all reciprocal sanctions of the West and Russia - give Minsk, which until himself is under pressure, the long-awaited margin for maneuver.
According to the head of the Mises Research Centre, a former presidential candidate in Belarus, Yaroslav Ramanchuk, European investors are actively interested in opportunities of Belarus for the supply of agricultural products in Russia to evade sanctions.
At the same time, supplies are schemes for which Vladimir Putin at the summit Minsk.
"the initiators of these schemes," said Romanchuk "Ogonyok" - are not Belarusian businessmen and Russian companies.
They have long put the supply of goods, including from Poland, Germany, Lithuania, and today these schemes are destroyed.
Russian business badly needs to somehow restore them, even through the mediation of the Belarusian authorities.
The second story, "the expert continues," is connected with the fact that many Ukrainian companies are not willing to establish production in Belarus from Ukrainian raw materials also with orientation on the Russian market.
The Ukrainian manufacturers of about 4 billion dollars of exports to Russia, and the Belarusian scheme can now be very popular. "
According to Ramanchuk, the role of the host site for the negotiations of the EU and is ideal for Lukashenko and from the point of view of the development of economic ties with Europe.
He recalled that the EU's agricultural losses from Moscow's sanctions are estimated at 10 billion euros, and the Commission is currently proposed only 125 million euros compensation.
The Belarusian president could offer to Brussels to work together to minimize the consequences for.
This could raise the authority of Lukashenko in the EU to unprecedented heights.
Hospitality without initiatives
Catherine Ashton thanked the Belarusian authorities for the initiative to hold the summit.
But the paradox is that the official Minsk from its active role in the birth of the EU + format, and the Belarusian leader at a meeting with Ukrainian counterpart emphasized that the new format was not Kiev.
"it was your proposal to gather, without any Bulk cargo discuss, not with decide, after signing the association agreement with the EU, to understand the situation, which at that time was in Ukraine," - he addressed to Peter Poroshenko in front of cameras.
However, observers interpreted it as an attempt to placate Moscow, she is rumored to Minsk was originally against the mediation, which greatly increases its political weight.
In the Belarusian diplomatic office carefully stress that Belarus when the interaction between the EU and TC on their land shall not pursue selfish goals, and the ultimate goal of such format - the creation of a single economic space in the future from Lisbon to Vladivostok.
"it's absolutely in the spirit of those concepts that in other areas, in particular in the field of security, puts and promotes the leadership of our strategic ally, the Russian Federation," the foreign ministry said "Ogonyok" in Belarus, office, where in recent years painstakingly selected words.
In Moscow may be the entry fee
The Moscow government considers the option of zones with paid entry as a method of combating central roads similar to other major cities of the world, "referring to Moscow's M24.ru Maxim Liksutova on transport.
One option, which has successfully established itself, is paid to enter.
This expert opinion, we will examine it, take a look at all of the cons and pros.
To say that on this occasion taken any decisions until early, "- said Liksutov.
stressed that for the authorities of the capital is very important experience of Asian cities, which are similar in structure and load with Moscow.
One of the decisions taken from these countries is already implemented by the central ring road, Liksutov added.
Recently initiated the construction of the central ring road is an example of what is not necessarily all traffic pass through Moscow.
If there was sufficient Detour infrastructure, it would not need to have transit traffic in Moscow, "said.
Maxim Liksutov also said that the introduction of paid parking substantially city streets.
And, according to him, city authorities do not plan to stop here.
The August 26, the mayor of the Russian capital participated in the ceremony Sergey Sobyanin bookmarks of first starting complex of the Moscow Central ring automobile road (TsKAD).
Boredom
Film of Frank Miller and Robert Rodriguez "City: a woman for whom we should kill" was not a revolution that might have been expected of him.
The first "Sin City" (2005), made with minimal, but symbolic, participation of Quentin website, made a revolution in the relationship between the movies, comic books and literary Noir.
sequel, too, in their own way, in the sense that it destroys a fundamental for modern thinking chain "thesis - - Synthesis" (if you understand the thesis Noir universe, and under the antithesis - comic space).
Now it should read: "thesis - - chaos."
"the city" chaotic and on and on the philosophical level, both times he was chaotic in a bad mood sense of the word.
Yes, some of the characters are familiar for the first "city," although here, destroyed Marv (Mickey Rourke), I remember, had finished the life of the electric chair, but here, nothing, only manages and - in the role of such popular - from the air with knives and other axes.
But the elderly literally elbowed newcomers like in the city from some other movie, about the meaning and plot of which spectators are asked not to worry.
Thus, its own history, shamelessly authors on the most interesting place at Gordon Levitt player Johnny (Joseph).
Its Eve - the Lord (Eva Green) and for something as the avenging her Brolin Dwight (Josh).
But this confusion in which Dwight in, say, a person does not distinguish from Johnny - especially as individuals, as well as other parts of the body, demolishing characters with unforgiving regularity - not a problem, and not even only half the problem.
It was not a people, we understand that this Noir archetypes: the fatal Suchkov, too confident player Honeymoon "trap" sex detective, corrupt Upyr Senator.
Well, when archetype with archetype and archetype, it's no longer a movie and read the abstract painting.
And abstract painting to ask questions about the logic of the story is ridiculous.
Moreover, even in this world is something permanent.
Fighting whores from the first "city" still keep circling the wagons from their native slums forces of darkness.
Yes, and the ghost of detective Khartigana no, yes and came to light, and for Bruce Willis it's always nice to look at.
"the main problem of" lies elsewhere.
Frank Miller was good because as talented joined comics and noir, but as a director - turned the idea of how to comics to the screen.
Comic and noir - two aggressively opposing "reality."
Comic phenomenon in modern form was born in the late 1920 "s, then, when novels Dashiell Hammett" bloody harvest "(1929)," The Maltese Falcon "(1930) and" The Glass Key "(1931) established canon Noir, then hard-boiled former school -" a school. "
Well or pulp fiction.
Comics gave many dozens of Hollywood heroes: from Pop - spinach, giving him Bogatyr strength, Superman, Batman and Dick Tracy to Hulk, Thor, Spider-Man and other "Avenger."
But in any films based on comic book was something: painted characters stubbornly refused to on-screen flesh remained them willy-nilly in the "real" world.
Simply put, they were outright denied "Existenz."
Germany, by contrast, the most existential genre of world literature.
After the world wars - the traditional novel experiences, personalities, family scandals and historical background - has lost all credibility.
What Forsyth what Les Rougon-Macquart Chiba and which even Bolkonskie and attended at all after Verdun, Auschwitz and Hiroshima?
This novel peacefully mutated into the format of the soap opera was and criminal - that is, by definition, marginal - Roman rose to the level of philosophical prose.
Hammett at their skin learned that such work Unlicensed assistive personnel at the front.
He was a communist.
As, by the way, were at least close to the Communist Party and such pillars of the genre as writers Horace McCoy and Jim Thompson, directors Jules Dassin and Joseph Louzi, Edward Dmitrik.
So noir, archetype which they asked, first, cruel and cynical, and secondly - purely social.
It's almost no American version of socialist realism.
The first "Sin City" was remarkable for the fact that desperate, but organically connected with Noir comics.
For the first time in the comic came alive, isn't hesitating its graphic nature, and not pretending "real" movie.
The darkness of the venal world, where Cardinal ordered the killings, and Senator wrapped monstrous was quite worthy of the pen Hammett.
And picturesque details such as cut heads, which Bully their nest, a genius of James Ellroy, the author of "black orchids" and better - i.e. declarations - representative.
"the city is not even" retreat, and surrender by the radical style Millera--Rodrigesa before comic tradition.
Probably, in many ways, this was due to 3D technology.
When you see the second "Sin City," you feel a prisoner in a glass ball, in which snow falls asleep Cloaca make a fake.
However, often it is not the snow, and bloody, but fundamentally what's the difference?
Well about sociality and say nothing.
It is possible only when somewhere, in some places we have at times, albeit on the sidelines of dirty swamps, but there are the normal world, where you can bring the curve track girl or, say, tell parents that her ruined punished.
When in the city of sin is no place anything except sin and Sin T is no sin, but the norm.
Boring, like any norm.
Chaos "of" simply dull. "
Justice for the sake of domestic car enshrined this Presnja sin a small but.
Titles warning: the film contains harmful smoking scenes.
In relation to the, in the episode which man Vegetarian Pliers break fingers, it gives an infernal humor.
Hammett would have liked.
France's Socialists should "shut up and lead France in order," says a key ally of Hollande's Frasua
Mr. Valley called deeply leftist forces "show warm attitude" to a prisoner who has undergone attacked, whose permutations didn't have approval from the vast majority of the French.
President deserves respect everyone, he deserves our loyalty, he deserves our support.
"it is our duty to stay close to him," he said, prompting applause.
As a gesture of reconciliation, the prime minister insisted that his government will not put into question the disputed 35th Sentry working week in France, despite the incite conflict offers, it should loosen rules made Emmanuel Macron, new minister of economy, earlier this week.
On Saturday, Mr Hollande pleaded with his comrades in the Socialist Party to remain "united" with the government.
However, Christian Tobira, minister, put a stick in the wheels, having come to the dissenting members of parliament after bitterly criticising the Socialist Party and the Socialist Party for what it allowed the French "lose faith in the future."
Marine Le Pe, the leader of the far-right National Front, expressed contempt for the constant internal conflicts among the Socialists, saying that it is not that the new government Valley lasts for more than a few months.
François Hollande is a naked king, but naked and Prince Manuel Valley, forced to assemble a new government when the former was maintained and not summer.
"and the new, too, won't last autumn or winter," Mrs Le Pen told reporters.
She repeated his party's call for the dissolution of parliament, saying that she believes that the party could easily win in an early election and is ready to run.
France's ruling party suffered a defeat in the March municipal elections and the far-right National Front came first in the European elections in may.
The poll Sunday Journal du Dimanche found that 76 percent of the French believe that the Socialist Party risks breaking up several factions until the end of the presidential term Mr Hollande in 2017.
Pascal with Perrineau, a political scientist from the University of Syans, warned that the French will lose patience quickly if the new Socialist government will not be able to improve the economy and record unemployment.
"he has a little time, but public opinion must be quickly feel that something is changing," he warned.
Otherwise, the situation could become even worse.
"the City Without Drugs" remained without a lawsuit
Sverdlovsk arbitration court upheld a lawsuit without consideration of regional management of the fund to the "city without drugs."
Office was the charge more than 7 million rubles as payment for renting a building in the center of Yekaterinburg.
However, the complainant twice failed to show up in court.
Today, the arbitration court of the Sverdlovsk region left without consideration of the Executive Directorate of the Ministry for the management of state property in the region (MUGISO) to fund "the City Without Drugs" (one of the founders - the mayor of Yekaterinburg Yevgeny Royzman).
Representatives of the regional authorities intend to charge the 7.3 million rubles as payment for lease of the building.
Today, it became known that the plaintiff twice failed to show up in court because of what was decided to refuse to consider.
The reason for the absence of representatives from the Directorate could not clarify MUGISO, head of the legal department of the Maxim Titov has not responded to phone calls.
With representatives of the fund also could not be contacted.
Remember, we are talking about the mansion, which held the fund in the city centre on the street Belinschi, 19 on a gratuitous basis since 2011.
This decision was made by Alexander Misharin Ex Governor.
In November 2012 Directorate of the Ministry for the management of state property of the Sverdlovsk region filed a lawsuit in the Sverdlovsk arbitration court for eviction from the building.
According to the suit, the department required the court to recognize a not made contract gratis.
According to the Directorate of MUGISO, in the agreement were not recorded significant terms of the lease object of cultural heritage.
Sverdlovsk arbitration court rejected the suit, then he has filed an appeal in the 17th city court of arbitration, which was granted.
Then, in the same court, the foundation filed an appeal on this decision, which remained without satisfaction, after which the decision was appealed in the Supreme Arbitration Court, but the court took the side of the band.
In 2013, was awarded a new lease agreement, under which the foundation began paying rent again, the head of the city of Eugene Royzman told about it.
Rent was appointed 300 thousand rubles a month.
The previous administration of the region gave us this building in gratuitous use by recognizing our achievements in the fight against drugs, in a sign of respect for the fund.
The current administration decided differently, "he said.
Tatiana Drogaeva, Yekaterinburg
Why is the mayor of Yekaterinburg offered to leave voluntarily
On July 24, the deputy mayor of Ekaterinburg municipal Kosintsev Alexander suggested - Eugene Royzmanu Municipal Speaker to resign.
The occasion was a criminal case against arrested on suspicion of the murder of Oleg Kineva municipal deputy, is considered Mayor's associate.
As Eugene Royzmanu found criminal case
On July 1, became known to open a criminal investigation into the "slander" (article 128.1 criminal code of the Russian Federation) in Yekaterinburg mayor Eugene Royzmana blog.
It was reported in GU MVD in the Sverdlovsk region, where the director of the Legal Center filed with the statement "protection" "Anna Filatov.
According to her, Mr. Royzman accused her in their entries on a blog that she is implicated in crimes that allegedly made her former spouse.
The mayor of Yekaterinburg is convinced that "this is yet another attempt to avenge the truth."
The iPhone will make in purse
In the run-up to September 9, when Apple is expected to present its new developments in the press are all new leaks about what we can expect from the presentation.
Referring to American media sources reported that the sixth generation iPhone will be equipped with Apple's mobile wallet function as a result of the joint project and payment systems Visa, MasterCard and American Express.
According to Bloomberg and specialized Internet resource Re / code, at the presentation of new products on September 9, Apple also may announce joint project with Visa, MasterCard and American Express, resulting in a new smartphone, the iPhone 6 will feature a mobile wallet is available.
The company refrained from any comment on the matter.
This feature allows you to make a payment at the Cash Store, with the help of a smartphone.
Identification of payment will be carried out using the tool user of the fingerprint Touch ID.
It is reported that the iPhone will be the first built NFC (near field communication) technology, which allows to make contactless payments using a smartphone and corresponding devices on hand.
The NFC technology will be available through a special Microprocessor from Dutch high-tech company NXP Semiconductors (formerly Philips).
The NFC was presented for the first time back in 2004 in the framework of cooperation of Sony, Nokia, Philips Semiconductors, and more than 100 other companies included in the so-called NFC Forum - the Association for Advancement of this technology.
The first phone with NFC was launched by Nokia in 2006.
The first smartphone with the NFC on Android - Samsung Nexus S - was introduced in 2010.
In May 2011 Google introduced Google Wallet, which allows users to assign bank cards to its Google account and pay with the help of smartphone to Android.
However, American experts emphasize that, despite large investments of high-tech companies in the NFC, American retailers are still cautious attitude toward such a system and not too eager to spend money on equipment of its stores of such systems.
So now observers are hoping that Apple's entry into this market will force retailers still accelerate and actively implement this technology in its outlets.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of France: Paris's position on deliveries to Russia "Mistral" does not change
French foreign ministry spokesman said Paris Romen Nadal unchanged position on Russian supplies type "Mistral."
"I can recall the statement of the president of the Republic (François Hollande) made them in an interview with newspaper Le Monde dated August 20:" today, the sanctions do not prevent the delivery.
It is the Europeans, not France, "" - Mr. Nadal "RIA Novosti quotes."
As a representative of the French foreign ministry responded to the question of whether the deteriorating situation in Ukraine will not change the position of Paris in the implementation of this contract
Read more about supplies to Russia read the material of "light" "" Mistral "almost ours."
Ukraine's National Security Council: in the past 24 hours in the area of the operation killed seven soldiers
Ukraine's National Security and Defense Council spokesman Andriy Lysenko said in the past 24 hours in a war zone in the east of the country killed seven Ukrainian soldiers, another 25 were wounded.
The situation under Ilovaiski family extremely difficult.
Until the operation is completed withdrawal from the environment, details will not be.
On completion of the transaction will be made public information about losses and on the causes of the current situation.
Perpetrators in the occurrence of such a situation will bear responsibility, "Mr. Lysenko said, refusing to further discuss the situation under Ilovaiski family where several Ukrainian battalions fall into the environment.
According to the minister, "done all we can to return the servicemen who were in captivity," the Itar-Tass news agency reported.
Mr Lysenko also said that Ukrainian military pulled back from Luhansk airport in the direction of settlement Georgievka.
Read more about the situation in the east of Ukraine, read the material "Kommersant" "Arsen Avakov: the first Ukrainian military emerged from under Ilovaiski family environments."
Norwegian cruise is approaching $deal with Prestige Cruises
Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd nchl.o, the third largest cruise operator in the world, is in the final stage of talks on the purchase of a similar company Prestige Cruises International Inc for about $3 billion, according to people familiar with the situation.
The deal would provide Norwegian cruise company with a market $6.8 billion, access to luxury vessels and provided customers with Prestige Cruises, as it competes with larger rivals, Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd (rcl.n) and Carnival Corp (ccl.n).
The agreement could be announced later this week, sources said on Sunday, warning that the talks could still collapse.
The owner of the Prestige Cruises, private investment firm Apollo Global Management LLC (apo.n) also owns 20 percent of the shares of Norwegian cruise.
The sources asked to remain because the talks are not public.
Representatives of the Norwegian cruise and Prestige Cruises has not responded to requests for comment, while a spokesman for Apollo declined to comment on the information.
Norwegian cruise, based in Miami, runs 13 cruise ships on routes covering North America, the Mediterranean, the Baltic Sea, Central America and the Caribbean.
Its revenue was $2.57 billion in 2013, 13 per cent more than in 2012.
Prestige Cruises, also based in Miami, operates under the brands of Oceania and Regent, which together have eight cruise ships that go to Scandinavia, Russia, the Mediterranean, North America, Asia, Africa and South America.
She said income at $1.2 billion in 2013, 6 percent higher than a year earlier.
It is expected that the $cruise industry favorably be reflected in subsequent years the growth of the middle class in emerging economies such as China and India.
Companies race to position itself as a cruise operators preferred these new customers.
Prestige Cruises was registered in the US regulatory bodies for the initial public offering of shares in January 2014.
Apollo has become the main shareholder of the company after $deals in 2007.
Norwegian Cruise was established in the form as it exists now, in 2000 as a result of the merger with operator Genting Bhd (gent.kl), Conglomerate entertainment and casino, controlled by Malaysian billionaire Lim Kok Thea.
Apollo invested $1 billion in Norwegian cruise in 2008.
Norwegian cruise turned into a public company in January 2013.
Genting owned shares in 28 per cent, Apollo owned shares in 20 percent and private investment firm TPG Capital LP owned 8 percent stake in the company, according to data at the end of June, according to the report.
Carnival, Royal Caribbean Cruises and Norwegian cruise together make up 82 percent of cruise capacity in North America, according to registration documents at the first public floatation of Prestige Cruises.
TV and radio company "Krym" can get 250 million rubles in subsidies
In Russia's Communications and Mass Media Ministry to propose to allocate state TV and radio company "Krym" 250 million rubles in 2014.
As follows from the Communications and Mass Media Ministry project located on a single portal disclosure of information about the preparation of regulations, subsidies will be spent "to cover the costs of creating the conditions for large-scale lighting socio-economic situation and the development of modern information space on the territory of the Republic of Crimea."
The money will be spent on the purchase of equipment, repair roofs and power supply systems in the building of the TV and radio company, founded in 1959, RIA Novosti "reports."
Activists of the democracy movement in Hong Kong thwarted the Chinese representative on the next day after the decision on election
A group of citizens, loyal to Beijing, stood nearby, waving the Chinese flag.
The Standing Committee of the National People's Congress on Sunday identified the procedure in which only two or three candidates will be allowed to take part in the election of Hong Kong's leader in 2017.
All candidates must first obtain the support of the majority of the members of the Committee for the primary, which is likely to be full of Beijing loyalists.
The decision makes it almost impossible for the Democratic opposition to be on the ballot and forced the activists of the democratic movement again promise to stop the financial center of Hong Kong Protests "Occupy Central."
Political reform is the main source of tensions in Hong Kong, as the Chinese party leaders fear that the call for democracy will spread to other cities.
Following the publication of the Beijing document that describes China's control over Hong Kong in June, activists of the democratic movement held an unofficial referendum on elections in the special administrative region, and hundreds of thousands left in the business center of the city and staged a sedentary strike.
Briefing whether organized by Hong Kong's government and the Chinese liaison office in Hong Kong.
Vice-chairman of the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress Zhang Rongshun and deputy director of the Hong Kong and Macao Affairs Office of the State Council Wei Feng also had to perform at a series of briefings during the day.
said they will gather at the building of Hong Kong's head of government in the second half of the day.
The United Kingdom is not mentioned on the Democratic administration for Hong Kong until the last day of 150 years of colonial rule.
Israeli authorities intend to attach 400 hectares of land belonging to the Palestinian Authority
Israeli authorities announced that they intend to attach 400 hectares of land in the West Bank belonging to the Palestinian Authority.
According to the BBC, "the decision to attach the southern Valaam is connected with the desire to take revenge for the abduction and murder of three Israeli teenagers in June this year.
The seizure of the territory Israel defense announced on Sunday and has instructed the military to establish administrative control of the West Bank.
According to a representative of Gaza Saiba Arikata, the world community should hold Israel accountable for "continuing settlement activity in the West Bank and in East Jerusalem."
Putin demands from Kiev to start negotiations on the "statehood" of eastern Ukraine
According to Russian news reports about his remarks, Russian President Vladimir Putin demanded on Sunday that the Ukrainian government has stopped fighting with separatists in the east of the country and immediately started negotiations on the "statehood" region.
His spokesman, Dmitry Peskov, later clarified that he was not referring to hint that territory under the control of the separatists will become a part of Russia, but that its status within Ukraine should be revised to give region the opportunity to protect their rights and interests.
But Putin's call for the Kiev government to negotiate with the insurgents as government-controlled with equal to the apparent strategy, which he should, from the beginning of the bloodshed five months ago: to help separatists seize territory and forcing the Ukrainian government to give Novorossiysk of de facto independence, in order to get closer to Russia, not to the West.
In an interview with the state television channel, Putin condemned the Ukrainian military campaign to return territory retained separatists in the eastern Donetsk and Luhansk regions, which were seized in March and April after Moscow annexed the Ukrainian peninsula of Crimea on March 18.
The Kremlin and the separatists recently called Novorossiysk captured territory, or New Russia, the name of which refers to days of glory of the Russian empire.
Putin said that anyone who believes that peace talks will occur in the near future, when the Ukrainian politicians to begin campaign for parliamentary elections on October 26, and while government forces attacking peaceful settlement in separatist held regions - "illusions," the Itar-Tass news agency reported.
"we must immediately begin substantive talks not only on technical issues but also on the political structure of society and state the status of southeast Ukraine, in order to comply with the interests of the people living there," he said.
Peskov said that Putin's words about statehood had in mind in the context of the broader autonomy, which has been discussed for months with leaders in Kiev in an attempt to allay fears in Russian-speaking regions that their cultural and language rights at risk.
Only the Ukrainian government could give eastern regions the necessary autonomy, said Sands.
It is not a question for discussion between Ukraine and Russia, Peskov said, "because it is not a conflict between Russia and Ukraine, and an internal Ukrainian conflict."
Kremlin spokesman intervention to correct "erroneous interpretation" of Putin's words underscored the Russian leadership to behave in relation to the separatist rebellion in the east in any other way than open the seizure of Crimea, where most population are ethnic Russians.
Moscow would have had to endure far more severe battle to attach even Lugano Donetsk and region of eastern Ukraine, since most of the 6.5 million people are not Russians, and polls before the beginning of the conflict, showed broad support for Ukraine's desire to remain inside.
Autonomy, which Russian diplomats would be discussed at international forums gave regional governments in Ukraine power to determine trade agreements and foreign policy, essentially handing the Kremlin effective control over the territory, which would have teamed the main territory of Russia with Crimea.
On the Black Sea peninsula, five months ago, is the main Russian military fleet, as well as commercial marine institutions and historical sea resorts.
In the regions between the Russian Rostov region and Crimea are also mines, factories and melting plants that produce the necessary equipment for the Russian army.
Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko has proposed during his inauguration speech on June 7 to Ukrainian lawmakers amendment to the constitution after new elections to give regions more control over their finances and the status of the language.
However, his opinion on autonomy, it seems, is very different from the view of the Kremlin and, weapons and inciting which blamed Moscow.
Putin's latest call to Kiev to negotiate with leaders of the separatists, as equals, followed new rebels last week after Russian troops and tanks rolled into eastern Ukraine from the formerly peaceful region along the Sea of Azov.
Novoazovsk Russian-backed separatists took control of the city in the offensive, about which members of the Ukrainian security services say they are afraid that it is the beginning of the campaign to capture a strategic coastal territory to the Crimea.
This led to a large-scale civilian and military efforts to strengthen Mariupol, a steel port with 500,000 inhabitants, which is located between Novoazovskom and narrow alleyway on the Crimean peninsula.
Poroshenko on Saturday appealed to a meeting of European Union leaders in Brussels to call for measures to prevent further Russian aggression against Ukraine, the former Soviet republic, which was independent of 23 years.
"we are approaching the point of no return," warned Poroshenko.
Thousands of foreign military and hundreds of foreign tanks are now on the territory of Ukraine.
EU summit did not take certain measures; leaders called for a project to draw up more harsh sanctions against Russia, which will be taken in case of any escalation of the Ukrainian crisis.
Ukrainian soldiers had to withdraw from their positions in Ilovaisk after two columns of Russian armored vehicles and 1,000 troops last week entered the Donetsk region experiencing difficulties to support separatists, Colonel Andrew Lysenko, a spokesman for Ukraine's National Security and Defense Council, told reporters in Kiev on Saturday.
The first of 63 Ukrainian soldiers, who reportedly held in Ilovaisk as a result of Russian invasion, were exchanged for 10 Russian on Sunday, captured on Ukrainian territory a week ago, Lysenko said on Sunday.
Scandal with the naked photo captures Australian celebrities and Gaby Greco
Jeffrey Edelsten expressed his distaste for hackers who may have stolen naked photos of his bride Gaby Greco and a whole list of Hollywood stars.
Hollywood in protest after a series of explicit photos of a naked Jennifer Lawrence, hit the Internet in a large-scale hacker scandal with celebrities.
They say that the hacker responsible for it, there are about 60 explicit photos of stars "Hunger Games" Lawrence and superstars, including models Kate Upton and Cara Delevin, singer Rihanna, Ariana Grande and Lea Michelle and actress Kirsten Dunst.
The Australian actors Teresa Palmer, Emily Browning, Yvonne Strakhovski and living in Melbourne Greco also allegedly were stolen as a result of photos with iCloud.
In the list of the 101 name celebrities.
, Greco who made the proposal last month, told Confidential: "it's disgusting."
The private correspondence and photos should remain private.
Badly, that personal information can be stolen and sent to other people.
Greco, which is located in New York City, reportedly told news website that the attack was "this shameful Hacker" and that those to whom it was directed, "feel that they invaded."
It is expected that the hacker has 30 photographs with former Spidmenom her boyfriend Scott Palmer, including two shot where she lay by the pool with the naked breast.
The work of Palmer in the film include "Love and Honor" along with Billy Hemsworth.
Palmer, star of the film "Chuck" Strakhovski and actress from "prohibited" Browning reception yesterday not stolen photos.
Spokesman Lawrence told tmz: "it's brazen invasion of privacy."
Actor Seth Rogen expressed his indignation to the hacker, writing on Twitter: "Post photos, stolen from a mobile phone, in fact, is no different from the sale of stolen goods."
Just from a legal point of view, we cannot tolerate the publication of stolen photographs.
Discovered a potential way to steal photos of naked celebrities
Mass hacking accounts of stars may be made via a vulnerability in the application find my phone.
The potential scenario described the site the Next Web.
The website Github was published in Python script, which allowed choose passwords to Apple's Find My Phone service.
This service allows you to track the location of iPhone.
To access it uses the same login and password link that Apple ID as for access to Apple's iCloud cloud, from which were stolen photos of celebrities.
The script allowed the search to identify the password from the find my phone.
With this method are consistently different combinations of symbols, starting with the most frequently used passwords.
The author of the script, argued that in the service find my phone number input password options are unlimited.
If properly security system after several failed attempts to enter the wrong password account should be blocked and inform the user about the hacking attempt.
Because of the vulnerability, users do not receive any messages about trying to pick your password to their account.
Hackers have learned from Apple ID password and used it to access iCloud.
According to user Twitter hackapp, vulnerability was discovered two days ago, on Saturday, and to her written program for choosing passwords.
At the moment, the vulnerability is closed: after five attempts to access to the service is blocked.
Resource contacted hackapp user and he noted that this vulnerability is characteristic of many services, but noted that has no evidence that this vulnerability was used to access the account "stars."
It's not me, plz RT
On Twitter the Prime Minister again appeared outside the
Although there is no hard evidence about what to steal photos has been exploited a vulnerability in find my phone, there was a wave of malicious actions using this service.
Hackers device management and demanded a ransom from the owners.
In that case, Apple told the media that, in this case, the cloud security was not compromised, however, has not conducted investigations about how users lost their accounts.
Russia has also previously Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev's Twitter was hacked.
If attackers have access to iCloud as described above, there could have stored and the password to the account of the head of the government in service Microblogging.
The next Web site failed to get comments about vulnerabilities in Apple's Find My Phone.
Putin granted Russian citizenship to Ukrainian
Russian President Vladimir Putin granted Russian citizenship Buryak well-known Ukrainian Anna.
The decree published on the Internet portal of legal information.
At the beginning of this year, has moved to Russia for permanent residence and turned into modern pentathlon Federation with the request to give her an opportunity to play for the Russian national team.
In Championship M she won two stages of the World Cup, won the world championship silver medal in the individual championship and became the world champion in the mixed relay, which is one of the new types of programs in this sport.
She holds the leading position in the current season.
According to the rules, to speak at Olimpiade-2016 in Rio de Janeiro, she will have to obtain special permission of Ukraine's Olympic Committee.
Anna Buryak is not the first Ukrainian athlete, which traded citizenship.
In July, Vladimir Putin has ruled to extradite a Russian passport Catherine Lagno - Lviv, which is double European champion (2005, 2008), the world Fast chess (2010) and rapid (2014).
In the women's team the Ukrainian athlete was the winner of the Chess Olympiad in Turin (2006), the world team championship in Astana (2013) and the European Team Championships in Warsaw (2013).
RS stopped investigating accident at Vnukovo Tu-204
Russia's Investigative Committee (RS) ended its criminal investigation into the disaster Tu-204 airline Red Wings.
The press office of the ministry.
The decision was taken in connection with the death of an aircraft commander and flight engineer.
Forensics has shown that the cause of the accident was excessive speed of the landing, the crew of the standard procedures for landing, as well as unintended output engines on increased turnover of direct thrust.
Airline Red Wings Tu-204 plane, Flight Prague - Moscow, crashed on December 29, 2012 when landing at Moscow's Vnukovo airport.
Aircraft on the runway covered and.
At the scene killed the commander of the aircraft, the pilot and flight engineer.
Two were taken to medical institutions where subsequently died from their injuries.
Three flight attendants remain hospitalized with serious enough bodily injuries received prolonged treatment.
In addition, serious bodily injury was the driver of the car, at the time of the disaster on Kiev highway.
Passengers on board the aircraft was not.
Transport prosecutor's office after the disaster, held in Red Wings checking, during which numerous violations were identified.
In February 2013, the airline's license was suspended.
The company resumed work in the summer of 2013.
Alexander Emelianenko began to train in the
A famous Russian fighter mixed style 33rd Summer Alexander Emelianenko, who is in prison on charges of violent conduct of a sexual nature against a house keeper, fully recovered from injury and started training.
This was reported by "championship."
In May of this year, Russia's investigative committee Alexander Emelianenko has charged with rape.
The suspect is wanted, on May 9, he was detained in Tambov after committing to the accident, as a result of which he received a hip fracture.
was placed under arrest until August 31, September 1, was scheduled for sentencing.
But the court was postponed, and a consequence of on extension of detention until September 30.
In the case of wine, the athlete will be proven, he faces imprisonment for up to six years.
In the force, brother?
"Lenta.ru" recalls the most scandalous history in a career of Alexander Emelianenko
His last fight Emelianenko spent in January of this year, losing to Dmitry Sosnovsky technical knockout.
Alexander is the younger brother of more famous fighter Fedor Emelianenko.
The latter is a 4X World Champion in mixed martial arts, 4X World Champion and vengeance Sambo champion of Russia.
Anger was the most versatile and functional human emotion
expression is biologically Universal to mankind, and everyone involved in its creation of the body and the muscle group is not fortuitous, and is an additional means of expressing power and threat, researchers have found in Australia and the United States.
They told about their discovery in the journal Evolution and Human Behavior, and you can read about them in the press release at the University of California in Santa Barbara.
expression is resting down backs and eyebrows, in thin line lips inflated nostrils are the same in all cultures, and make it even blind from birth children ever saw, says Aaron Cello lead author of the study.
In the framework of the major research project, devoted to the nature of anger, researchers found that there was this emotion for the effective conduct of disputes during the conflict.
The more physical damage one man can do to another, the more opportunities it has to dictate their terms and express it to partner with anger.
Researchers have found evidence of another of his hypothesis: physically powerful people frequently get angry and turn to pitch invasions, consider themselves entitled to dictate conditions for them, and they prefer the methods of solving conflicts peacefully.
Extrapolating from what anger is primarily the "emotion of bargaining," the scientists decided that the movements of each of the seven groups of muscles, creating expression should represent individual more powerful and dangerous in the eyes of hers - and thereby get as soon as possible to agree to its terms in order to avoid conflict.
To test this hypothesis, the researchers modeled on a computer person, where had or was absent from each of the seven elements of the face, and have shown their.
Although his eyebrows or highlighted by forward Chin did not individually in the face of evil, the man portrayed with such features stronger physically study participants acknowledged unanimously.
Anger of the person, as well as in animals, it expresses a threat: the exaggerated manifestation of their own strength, force agree and comply.
Man inflated nostrils and lips with the same purpose as the frog, which or Babuin, which demonstrates their fangs.
"rage" starts "with refusal to accept the situation, and the face immediately takes the form of effectively demonstrating the opposite side of the consequences of this failure.
But the most striking is that none of the components of faces is not arbitrary, they are one and the same, "said anthropologist John Tubi.
Communications and mass media ministry proposed to allocate 250 million rubles of TV and radio company "Krym."
Communications and mass media ministry proposed to allocate in 2014 250 million rubles from the federal budget, autonomous non-commercial organization "TV and radio company" Krym. ""
This is stated in the draft Government resolution, prepared by the agency, which familiarized ""
According to the explanatory note to the project, subsidies from the federal budget will be used "to cover the costs of creating the conditions for large-scale lighting socio-economic situation and the development of modern information space in the Republic of Crimea, including purchasing equipment."
In particular, the allocated money to remodel the hardware-studio block, video wall, central hardware and.
Also planned is the purchase of a TV station and a satellite transmitter.
In addition, the company will pay to use the allocated funds of fiber-optic link (FOCL), and the repair of energy systems.
Subsidies will be provided within the limits of the federal funds provided for Communications and Mass Media Ministry.
The state broadcaster "Crimea" was established in 1959, broadcast in seven languages: Ukrainian, Russian,, German, Greek, Bulgarian and Armenian.
Today's coverage of the television signal broadcasting company is more than 75 per cent of the territory of the peninsula.
In 2011, "" TV and radio company "Krym" received the license for television broadcasting in digital format.
