The Prime Ministers of India and Japan meet in Tokyo
The new Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi, meets with his Japanese counterpart, Shinzo Abe, in Tokyo to discuss the economic and security, as part of his first major foreign visit since winning elections in May.
Mr Modi is a five-day trip to Japan to strengthen economic ties with the third largest economy in the world.
At the top of the agenda of the plans to expand nuclear cooperation.
India is also reportedly hoped for agreement on defence cooperation between the two countries.
Russia will hold a final Expert FANO session
Federal Agency scientific organisations (FANO, Russia) jointly with the RUSSIAN ACADEMY of SCIENCES will convene the third Expert meeting "performance assessment of scientific organizations".
Meeting will be the final in a series of meetings held by the Agency in the course of the year, according to a press release received in the Editorial Office of "Tape systems.
The third meeting will take stock of the work of the expert meeting for the year and a final list of indicators to evaluate the impact of scientific organizations.
Participants plan to discuss separately how expert groups responsible for the evaluation of research teams, and evaluation criteria.
The third expert meeting will be the final event in a series of events forming a single for all three academies approach to performance measurement methodology research organizations.
In the past five months we have succeeded, and the final version of the regulations is to harmonize.
The next session we shall complete the formation processes of scientific-metric and peer review, to agree about the stages and timing of the evaluation, "said the head of the expert-analytical control of FANO Russia Elena Aksenova.
The event will be attended by representatives of more than 100 research institutions of Russia.
It is expected to adopt the resolution.
Meeting will begin at 10 am (Moscow time) September 16, 2014 at: Moscow, Solyanka Street home 14.
Scientists have found a way to detect the sibling stars
The Astrophysics of the University of California at Santa Cruz have studied the turbulent mixing and its influence on the chemical homogeneity in star clusters.
It is expected that the opening of the specialists will search among the stars related, that is, arising from one of the cluster.
The results of their research, the authors have published in the journal Nature, and briefly available on the University website.
The cause of the same chemical composition of local stars is turbulent mixing in the clouds of gas that precedes the formation of stars.
Even if born star then leaves the star cluster in its chemical composition to determine the place of its birth and formation of stars-relatives.
Previously scientists had doubts that the evolution of the star outside the cluster can lead to differences in their chemical content from relatives in the cluster.
The simulations conducted by astrofizikami shows that such differences should not appear.
In his study of specialists with the help of a supercomputer have simulated two interstellar gas, which together formed a cloud.
This object within a few million years under its own gravity into the cluster that is starting to form a protostar.
Scientists have added paint marks in the initial gas streams and found that rapid turbulent mixing in the cloud is a high degree of chemical homogeneity.
According to astrophysicists, the study proves that you can search for stars-relatives on chemical composition, as well as identify potential regions of such objects.
Police arrested 20-year-old Karraty after chasing a motorcycle at high speed
The motorcycle was confiscated after it travelled at a speed of 125 km/h zone with speed limit of 70 km/h and through bušlènd to hide from police in the Pilbara.
Transport police patrol in Karrate this morning tried to stop the blue bike, discovering that his speed of 125 km/h, when he left with a service station at Bathgate Road.
Police said that rider did not stop and continued on Burgess road, then turned to bušlènd, bringing the police lost him from view.
The motorcycle and the man, a description of the driver, have been seen near the House on Wolcott's way in Bulgarre.
Police Karraty filed a 20-year-old man charged with failure to stop and dangerous driving.
He must be brought before the World Court Karraty 23 September.
The motorcycle was seized and detained for three months.
Academic year in DND will not begin before October
September 1 of the school year MDN will not take place, because in the region only 10% of children.
This was announced by Minister of education and science of the self-proclaimed Republic Igor Kostenki.
According to him, 11% of pupils left in other regions of Ukraine, 20% in Russia.
Schools in territory controlled by the DNI, will not begin before 1 October.
However, teachers will work on September 1.
Investigation into the crash of a Tu-204 in Vnukovo in 2012 year
Russia's investigative Committee has completed an investigation of a criminal investigation into the crash of a Tu-204 in Vnukovo airport in December 2012.
This was reported today in RF IC.
"The Moscow inter-regional transport Investigations Department of the investigative Committee of Russia completed the investigation of the criminal case opened into the accident aircraft Tu-204 of" Red Vingz "in Vnukovo airport December 29, 2012 year, under h. 3 article 263 of the CRIMINAL CODE/violation of traffic safety and air operations, resulting through negligence in the death of two or more persons/", the Ministry said in a statement.
Cause of the accident was the failure of the crew of the standard procedures and increased the speed of approach.
George Webster was accused of rape in Nèjrne and Pitlochry hotels
A man will stand trial on charges of rape of women in the two hotels.
George Uèbsteru, 28 years old, charged during a hearing of the High Court in Glasgow.
Presumably, he raped a woman in the hotel "Skotland'z" in Pitlochry, Perthshire, June 7, 2013 year.
Alleged that Webster had attacked her when she was "unconscious, slept and was not able to consent".
In addition, Webster was accused of raping another woman at "Golf View" in Nèjrne, which is located in the North-Scottish Highlands May 4, 2014 years.
Judge Lady Ray appointed a hearing at the High Court in Edinburgh on 17 November.
Lavrov: Russia will not "slam the door" in connection with new sanctions and will not come out of the WTO
Russia will not "slam the door" in connection with the new sanctions.
It was announced today by Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov, speaking to students and teachers of the MGIMO.
About our response measures in the event of a new wave of anti-Russian sanctions, I'm not even going to speculate, fantasize, because everything has to be specifically designed, "he said.
And when we realize that spodobâtsâ this time European and American partners, then we will decide how to respond.
It will not be associated with slam doors, some offences, false witnesses, said the Minister.
We, first of all, we will build on our interests, the interests of protecting its economy, social sphere, our citizens, our businesses and make inferences from the actions of partners to determine their adequacy, reliability and abide by agreements.
On the steps being taken in the area of sanctions, you can very well judge, were partners,-continued the head of the Russian Foreign Ministry.
If loudly say that "they, too, will be for us sanctions painful, but we have to go to Russia to punish" is probably not very adequately. "
With regard to WTO entry RUSSIA in response to possible new sanctions, it is not.
We, on the contrary, we want to master the tools of the WTO, including when it comes to trade disputes, Lavrov said.
We already have the tools to overcome, as we consider the discriminatory policies of the EU anti-dumping procedures.
According to the Minister, Russia is accused of dumping and used against the RUSSIAN branches of economy of anti-dumping measures.
"We are ready to Use the mechanisms of the WTO and to assert our position on the inadmissibility of applying the rules of the third EU ènergopaketa in retrospect," said Lavrov.
How to properly use the lilac garden design?
Irina Okuneva answers the questions:
Since LILACS after fading loses the main attraction, it is advisable to plant along with other shrubs.
It combines well with many cultures.
And next to the lilac can and should be planted as ornamental plants, in other terms, and blossoming at the same time.
Another plus of lilac in that it provides plenty of opportunities for creativity.
You can form it štambovym the tree of different height, improved Bush, Bush with a wide base and even the semblance of a garden bonsai-tree with fancifully bent paneling.
Just choose the form that is more in line with the design of your garden.
In Karelia for selling counterfeit money convicted resident of Leningrad oblast
As reported in the national POLICE, the man was involved in their criminal activities in the Olonets and Segezhsky areas.
In addition to Karelia, he committed similar crimes in other regions of the country.
In particular, the accused has already managed to make your message infamous in the Vologda region, where in the spring of this year he was sentenced to two and a half years in prison.
Later a man appeared before the Olonets District Court.
And for the investigation of crimes committed in our country, was transported to Segežu.
In the process of investigating several episodes of wine has been selling counterfeit money belonging to the summer of the year 2013.
At the end of June this year, the materials of the criminal case to the indictment were sent to court.
Friday, August 29, the Court decided that the term of imprisonment of four years of imprisonment in minimum security penal colony.
The verdict entered into legal force.
As we have informed, last week convicted another two sbytčika counterfeit money, which they have paid a price in the Petrozavodsk city stores.
Citizens of Azerbaijan arrived in Karelia is also from St. Petersburg.
One of them is deprived of his liberty for a period of five years, the other for four.
Each a fine of 500 thousand rubles.
The final verdict is not yet.
In Arkhangelsk observed 73-th anniversary of the arrival of the first convoy "Dervish"
The rally, which was held in the regional center, was dedicated to the first Arctic convoy.
"Dervish" delivered in the USSR military assistance from the United States and Britain.
In memory of rally took place in Arkhangelsk core stone future monument to the Northern convoys, which is located on the waterfront of the Solombale Sedova.
The event brought together representatives of Veterans ' organizations in the city, children of the Cadet class.
The first time we meet twenty-three years ago, when mortgage stone was laid.
But at the same time, today's event is not a holiday, a day of remembrance for those who are not returned to the sea, "said the Chairman of the Veterans of the Northern shipping company Boris Karpov.
Then the event was made by the city's brass band, and the pupils of Cadet classes gave veterans flowers and marched with the flags of Russia and the banner of Victory.
The rally ended with laying flowers to the zakladnomu stone.
The convoy consisted of five British ships and one Dutch transport loaded a strategically important raw materials (10000 tons of rubber, 1500 tons of loose shoes, Tin, wool and a host of other tools and equipment).
Also on Board was the military equipment and armament-3800 depth charges and magnetic mines, 15 hurricane "fighter, in disassembled condition.
The escort of the convoy were 16 ships of the Royal Navy, including two aircraft carriers.
Convoy was not detected enemy and safely reached its destination-Arkhangelsk.
Total of 848 ships that took part in the vital operations of the caravans, killing 126 vehicles and about 50 military vessels.
Within the framework of the "Amur autumn" Festival of amateur cinema
From 10 to 12 September in Jamaica will host the Festival of amateur cinema "KinAmur" within "the Amur autumn".
Local cinema will be able to participate in master classes and Festival Theatre and cinema shows.
10 September, the "KinAmura" will participate in the workshop of famous directors, creative meeting and showing of "short films": "good man", "in Orange", "Aris-field".
11 September there will be special screening "fire under the Board" Amur Director Seeds Rudenko.
12 September will be held the solemn closing of the Festival "KinAmur", where will be summed up and the winners of the Festival.
Amateur movie contest will take place in several categories.
For the first time will participate in the Festival of animation: selected 3 animated film.
Just participate in the Festival of 11 authors.
The following year, its members plan to put to the Russian level, the press service of the city administration.
Remembering the very American ideal that labour rights are human rights
Congressmen Keith Ellison and John Lewis suggested the Bill, on which the Organization of trade unions is protected by civil law.
"Where trade unions and middle-class jobs," said Ellison, a Democrat from Minnesota, who is the co-Chairman of the Congressional Progressive Caucus.
That is why I am proud to present an act to expand the rights of workers, together with the symbol of the civil rights movement by John Lewis.
This innovative Bill will give workers the same legal capacity as trade union organization that the discrimination and other forms of discrimination, stopping force opponents of trade unions
Changing the law on labour relations in such a way as to allow workers, facing discrimination for participation in the Organization of trade unions, to seek justice in the civil courts and receive compensation for damages and penalty payments is sensible and necessary initiative.
However, this is certainly not a radical initiative, at least by American standards.
In fact, the best way to understand what offer Allison, Lewis and co-authors of the Bill-to remember the very American idea.
Despite the attacks, which the trade unions have been in recent years-in Wisconsin, Michigan and other States across the country Americans once supported countries all over the world to take, to expand and to respect labour rights.
It was time that millions of Americans still remember when this country at the same time defended democracy, freedom of speech, freedom of the press and the right to organize.
When the United States occupied Japan after the second world war, General Douglas MacArthur and his aides helped the country to adopt a Constitution, drawn up to ensure that the militarized autocracy Hideki Tōjō was replaced by democracy.
Fully aware that the workers and their trade unions play a role in the formation of new Japan, they included text that explicitly recognized that "the right of workers to organize, and to negotiate and to collective action is guaranteed".
When the United States occupied Germany after World War II, General Dwight David Èjzenhauer and his team helped Germans to write a Constitution that guaranteed that Adolf Hitler's fascism has been replaced by a strong democracy.
Recognizing that workers will need to be organized and to be heard in the new State, the Germans have included an article that openly stated: "the right to form associations to safeguard and improve working and economic conditions will be guaranteed to every person and every profession or field of activity.
The agreement, which restrict or infringe upon this right, will have no legal force; measures aimed at this purpose will be declared illegal.
When former first lady Eleanor Roosevelt was President of the International Commission on human rights, which was the Universal Declaration on human rights, which, in 1948, will be adopted by the United Nations as a universal agreement, Roosevelt and the drafters have included an assurance that "everyone has the right to organize and join trade unions for the protection of his interests".
Generations of Americans have taken for granted the basic position that labor rights are human rights.
When that country advised others on how to create civil and democratic society, the Americans explained that the right to organize trade unions and to this Union participated as an equal partner in collective bargaining with the corporations and Government agencies-should be protected.
Now when these rights are under attack in America, wise, indeed, go back to the American ideal that working people should have the right to organize and to have their voices heard in a free and open society.
As the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. said fifty years ago:
History-a great teacher.
Now everyone knows that the Union movement did not undermine the strength of the nation, but increased them.
Raising the standard of living of millions, unions miraculously created a market for industry and raised a whole nation to unacceptable levels of production.
Those who attack on trade unions, forget these simple truths, but history remembers them.
History remembers, as should we.
Official recognition of labour rights as human rights, civil rights and to prevent discrimination against the trade union organizations is long overdue.
Keith Ellison and John Lewis are reviving the ideals that have historically expanded America did promise democracy a reality.
The judge temporarily blocked a law that would close all the abortnye clinic in Louisiana
In the United States, a federal judge on Sunday temporarily blocked enactment of Louisiana, which his supporters say he will likely close the ease of access to all five clinics in the State.
According to this measure, which was signed by the Governor of Louisiana, Bobby Džinadlom in June and was supposed to come into effect on 1 September, doctors who do abortions, would be obliged to accept patients in the hospital within 30 miles of their practice.
However, the judge's decision means that for the moment the doctors can continue to make legal abortion, while continuing to seek such authority.
"The plaintiffs will be allowed to work legally, while continuing to receive power", wrote in his decision, Judge John deGrèvellz.
A hearing will be scheduled within a month, at which the judge will issue a more permanent decision under the Act.
Defenders of the right to abortion will happily greeted the decision, the latest in a series of decisions against similar measures, saying it would give doctors more time to obtain hospital privileges.
"Today's decision ensures that the women of Louisiana will be protected from the insidious act, which sought to deprive them of their rights and health," said Nancy Nortap, President and Director of the Center for reproductive rights, which filed a lawsuit to stop the law from three of the five clinics in the State.
It was not immediately clear whether the decision to doctors from two hospitals who were not plaintiffs in the case, and also apply to the power of the reception.
Louisiana in the 11 States that have adopted similar laws, and the courts recently recognized such measures as unconstitutional in Alabama and Mississippi.
The key parts of Texas law that would shut down most of the remaining clinics in the State, were blocked by a federal judge on Friday.
Advocates for abortion rights, along with the American College of Obstetricians and gynecologists and the American Medical Association say that the laws on admission imposed restrictions on doctors who are not necessary from the point of view of medicine.
Abortion opponents argue that such measures are aimed at protecting women's health, though some also noted their positive effect in closing clinics.
Only one doctor who does abortions in Louisiana, has the authority to receive at the hospital, said the Center for reproductive rights.
If all the other doctors in the State will be forced to stop performing this procedure, the doctor, fearing for his safety, stopped to perform this procedure, the team said.
Criticizing the decision, Louisiana officials said they will not punish doctors having abortions until their application for admission authority has the solution.
What will the introduction of quotas on domestic products
At least half of the products for each type of product in stock trading networks should be Russian-made, said State Duma deputy of the faction of the "fair Russia" Oleg Nilov.
The mp has prepared a bill aimed at introducing safeguard measures in respect of domestic manufacturers, the newspaper "Izvestia".
The document will still be detalizirovat′sâ, in order to avoid possible discomfort to the buyers.
This applies to goods that are not produced in Russia. <...> For other product groups, which are produced in Russia, the retailer will have to provide at least half their shelves to domestic producers, "said Nilov Edition.
Together with the amendments to article on principles of the State regulation of trade activity in the Russian Federation "the Bill provides for the introduction of changes in the tax code, setting out the reduced VAT rate of 10% for the products originating in Russia.
The idea to introduce 50% per cent quota in commercial networks is included in the package of incentives for Russian producers.
On the shelves appears several times more domestic products.
However, the initiative can have both positive and negative effects, experts say.
According to the lawyer of "Tax", a member of the independent expert of the "Public Council" Sergei Litvinenko, for the Russian economy, as well as for the domestic agricultural and food-processing industries, the effect will be positive and will lead to growth.
In the black are farmers, ranchers, small shops.
They will be able to sell more, and it means that profits will grow.
In addition, they will receive the right to dictate its conditions to retailers and prices, because those will be forced to buy their products.
Russian manufacturers will be able to increase its sales and activities that would lead to higher taxes than before.
This will increase budget revenue, create new jobs, something the industry will start to grow any faster than planned, will make a contribution to GDP growth.
Russia's dependence on foreign food drops in several times, though not immediately, "said the expert.
Earlier, Russian enterprises have often failed to make it to the shelves of local stores because of high competition from foreign counterparts.
Now, after the imposition of the embargo, this niche is free and you can breathe a sigh of relief.
But do not forget that after all the necessary approvals and health checks on the Russian market will be food products from Latin America, Turkey and Serbia.
In other words, now is the "moment of silence", where former players have already left, and new ones have not yet arrived.
After nearly a month of increased demand for domestic raw materials, as well as the rise in prices for finished goods ",-told АиФ.ru Senior Vice President of the all-Russian public organization" Russian Club ", CFO candidate Tamara Kasyanova.
Clearly, the idea of selling in each category at least 50% of Russian food products will help consolidate the sector for local producers.
In this case, they will compete with each other, and not with goods, which grants from another State, are cheaper.
In other words, the struggle for the buyer will be among the companies working on uniform laws of the industry.
On the other hand, said Kasyanov, Russian producers are able to meet 50% of the domestic needs of compatriots is not on all articles.
And in this situation the commercial networks will have to "lay" the share of Russian goods to half range.
Therefore, increasing fears that the counters will be substandard goods.
Perhaps under the guise of originating in Russia will ship overseas products with perebitymi labels ", the expert added.
The negative effect of the introduction of quotas will feel the chains, especially those which are profitable to cooperate with importers.
It is logical that in this scenario would be affected and foreign suppliers because demand for their products drop.
Litvinenko did not rule out that the law on quotas on domestic goods can affect consumers.
The fact of the matter is that some Russian-made products can give quality import analogues, while shops will be able to drive up prices on the second, as a scarce commodity.
The forgotten in the early 2000 's, the idea of substitution of economists began talking again in February this year due to the continuing devaluation of the ruble.
Now, against the backdrop of difficult relations with the West was not imported products becomes even more compelling.
The law was intended to oblige the retailers when creating purchase orders to suppliers to domestic producers.
Then we are much faster and more confidently marching towards import substitution, and production planning system for the appropriate products will be created in a shorter period of time, "said Deputy Oleg Nilov.
Particularly effective quota mechanism will be for those agricultural sectors, where the potential is particularly high, such as in the dairy industry, where the share of imports was 25%.
Our farmers really are able to completely cover the shelves of Russian stores.
In addition, a powerful impulse can get and meat production.
As is known, the largest share of imports is saved for beef-from 30% to 35%.
It turns out that 65-70% of it is still on Russian products, "he said Kasyanov.
Experts hold the opinion that the introduction of quotas on domestic products will contribute to import substitution and can speed up the process.
However, by itself, to import replacement this initiative will not lead, as this set of measures is needed sure Litvinenko.
In any case, 50% of the sold goods under this initiative may still be brought in from abroad and, thus, a substitution will not happen, but significant steps in this direction will be made.
The same little set quotas, it is necessary to establish the production of domestic products in the country, to meet the quotas.
Quota data just such guarantees and provide ",-said the expert.
Late diagnosis and the lack of access to optimal treatment mean that ovarian cancer kills more in rural areas
Angelina Jolie and her brother James issued a video memory of their late mother, who died of ovarian cancer in 2007 year.
Proŝivaûŝie women in rural areas of Australia, face a higher risk of dying from ovarian cancer than in urban areas.
The researchers analyzed the medical cards of more than 1100 Australian women diagnosed with "ovarian cancer" in 2005, found that just 35 percent lived five years after being diagnosed.
Lead researcher Susan Jordan of the Institute of medical research QIMR Berghofer said that the chance of dying during the study on 20 percent higher among those who live in regions and remote areas statewide, than those living in urban areas.
A LITTLE RESEARCH: new drug may slow lung cancer and ovarian cancer
The researchers traced the path of medical women for seven years.
Dr Jordan said that the woman's age at the time of diagnosis, type of cancer of the ovary, the most current disease and socioeconomic status also influenced the probability of survival.
Older women and those with cancer was at a later stage at diagnosis, had the lowest survival rates.
For those who lived in the regions or remote areas in the State, the probability of dying during the study was 20 percent higher than for those who lived in urban areas.
Although the study was not designed to determine why women living outside the cities, are more likely to die of ovarian cancer, Dr. Jordan suggested that late diagnosis and the lack of access to optimal treatment is possible.
"This disease is best treated by surgeons, specializing in Gynecological Oncology, and they are mainly in the big cities," she said.
Despite the quality of telemedicine services, to reduce the effect of distance, she suggested that the increase in the number of outreach services, which will allow specialists to treat women closer to home and support programmes for people receiving treatment far from home, may help.
Dr Jordan said that regardless of the geographical location, the study found that prolonged life expectancy among women with ovarian cancer was rare, stressing the need for more effective treatment and prevention strategies.
The study, funded by Rio Tinto's Ride to Conquer cancer, will be published today in the Medical Journal of Australia.
In March, 2012, at the age of 33 years, the young mother with the Gold Coast Èliše Niv said that she had an aggressive form of cancer of the ovaries.
In September in the Kuženerskom area will open the new FAP
The construction of a medical facility in the village of Toktajbelâk was launched in April this year and was carried out on the model project.
The cost was a little more than 10 million rubles.
According to the public relations and information Department Of the Mari El Republic, financing the construction of the object at the expense of the funds of the Republican budget in accordance with the targeted investment program.
Total area built medical facility is nearly 230 square metres.
It will provide medical assistance to the residents of eight villages: the village of Toktajbelâk and the villages of Dement′evo, Pûnčerûmal, Tunya, Fomiči, Torajbelâk, Šinur and Čaškaâl.
New medical attendant obstetrical station will replace the current FAP, a building that was built in 1918, and have long exhausted their service life, and its premises do not meet the sanitation requirements.
The new institution will open soon.
The four-month son killing drunk driving novočeboksarka to stand trial
A resident of Chuvashia is on trial for the murder of his own child.
Cheboksary completed the investigation of the criminal case against the 31-year-old resident of Novocheboksarsk, accused of causing death by negligence.
The investigation established that 26 July this year accused along with her four-month old son arrived at the celebration of the birth of cumae in Cheboksary.
After a lengthy feast novočeboksarka decided to stay away and put the baby to sleep.
When the baby woke up at night and cried, netrezvaâ woman put it next to your bed to breast feed, but soon fell asleep.
During sleep, the woman pulled hard on her son, as a result of which he died from asphyxiation.
The criminal case, the press-service of SU TFR of Chuvashia, forwarded to the Court.
Inflation came from vacation.
Whether the Russians will feel a sharp rise in prices
As a result of the sanctions and the West Cross-inflation in Russia will accelerate and misses in the predictions of the authorities, convinced analysts "VTB capital".
According to experts, the deferred effects of antisankcij will lead to the inflationary shock in the first quarter of the year 2015, writes RBC Daily.
According to the latest forecast of the Ministry of economic development, in 2014, inflation will reach 6.5 -7.5% next year and even less-6.5%.
However, according to the newspaper "Kommersant", this week, the MAYOR must make a "fundamental" small adjustments in macroeconomic forecast until the year 2017.
According to the newspaper, the Office may lower the estimate of inflation for the year 2015 that would eliminate the expected zero growth of incomes of the population.
The forecast assumed that food sanctions are year, RF-2015 years until August.
As in this situation, you can expect such high inflation?
The current situation involves a single shock, but the downward trend of inflation will not change, "said a source in the Finance Ministry.
Economists of the "VTB Capital" do not share the expectations of the economic bloc of the Government on inflation and rising prices in 2014, at the level of 8%.
The main effect of food prohibitions will come together with the possible introduction in the Russian regions of sales tax (SALES TAX) in the year 2015, convinced pundits.
Inflation peaked at 9 percent in February, after which the annual growth rate of prices will decline, experts believe.
By the way, last week summed up the first inflationary results of Rosstat after RUSSIA imposed a "neat sanctions".
АиФ.ru interviewed experts and found their inflation expectations.
Artem Deyev, head of the Analytical Department of FC AForex:
Rising prices have already listed on major segments of the goods.
Moreover, when the steel go up socially important products, the Government was forced to launch the system monitoring price stability measures, in order to prevent risks of unjustified increase in prices in the short term.
Suppliers and retailers already report on a daily basis to the regulatory bodies that the authorities knew exactly who, when and for what reason raises the price increase.
Key factors driving growth of the consumer price index continues to be a huge capital outflow, the excessive rates of refinancing of banking sector of the Russian mega, internal conversion due to flight in foreign currency, as well as an embargo on the import of foodstuffs from countries adhering to impose sanctions against Russia.
If inflationary pressures remained under control, the cost of the basket of a minimum set of products not jumped to 12% for the quarter.
A ban on the import of food products has provoked shock listings on the domestic market and led to a completely logical higher final cost.
Because at this stage we are unable to fully launch the mechanism of import substitution, as well as increase the self-sufficiency of the Russian market through domestic production, responsive sanctions will continue to bear the risks of inflationary growth.
If you add here again and fiscal reasons, related to the lack of confidence in the national currency, as well as key prospects for economic growth, by the end of this year, inflation could easily exceed 8%.
Alexander Razuvaev, Director of the Analytical Department of the Alpari
In 90-s inflation sometimes reach 20-30% per month, zero it was also higher than the current level, the other thing is that it has been offset by rapid economic growth.
I think at the end of the year, inflation will be 8-8, 5%.
Plato Maguta, managing assets of uk Fund Maguta "
External factor associated with sanctions against Russia, so far successfully held back, but if there will be further increased pressure on the financial sector-it can lead to difficulties and increase inflation expectations, which typically have traditionally seen in foreign currency purchases to protect their savings.
It can be assumed that the Government, the CENTRAL BANK of the RUSSIAN FEDERATION and the Ministry of finance will try to soften the weakening ruble, smooth as market methods and Government Regulation.
But the rising prices traditionally begins after the summer lull, and perhaps this fall will be tangible.
The target level of consumer inflation in Russia at 7.5%, most likely now because RUSSIA has more financial savings.
Gardening centres upset from the decrease in the number of homeowners
Such a decline, due to an exceptional decline in the number of homeowners age less than 35 years, could lead to the horticultural centers will start to lose tens of millions of pounds a year, when today's young consumers made "primary age of gardening", according to a study by the HTA, as reported by the Financial Times.
According to this report, people are renting houses, spend an average of 55 per cent of the amount that owners of their homes spend on gardening.
It mentioned an increase in the number of people living in vysokourbanizirovannyh areas without gardens, the popularity of asphalt yards in front of the House for parking and reduce the size of the garden as other factors threatening the industry, whose annual sales are estimated at £ 5 billion.
In greater London, where the number of homeowners has dropped from 61 percent to 43 percent over six years, the lowest in the uk the level of spending on goods for gardeners in the household.
HTA and the Royal Horticultural Society reported that accommodation and lack of space for a garden doesn't mean that people can't grow plants.
Guy Barter, head of gardening advice for RHS Advisor, said: "the growing of plants in containers, for example, is particularly popular among tenants who may carry plants with you when moving".
The HTA report identified between 1997 and 2005 over the years as the "golden age" of retail products for horticulture as a result of increased home ownership and economic prosperity since the end of the 1980 's to mid 1990 's.
It also predicts that the market will improve this year, thanks to more good weather after unfavourable conditions in March and April last year.
The Ministry of Agriculture of Bulgaria conducted a massive purge in the Fund "Agriculture"
Three of the four chiefs of the Fund "Agriculture" had been replaced by another on Friday.
In total, three of the four chiefs of the Fund "Agriculture" had been replaced by another on Friday.
The Bulgarian Ministry of agriculture officially reported only about dismissal of ceo Atanas Dobrev.
His place was taken by Lausanne vasileva.
It turned out that on Friday the Pacific were replaced and two of the three Deputy Executive Directors of the Fund.
Freed Deputy Executive Director Tatyana Angelov, which until that time was responsible for State aid and programme SAPARD, BGNES said, referring to the newspaper "trud".
I was not present at the Board of Governors of the Fund, because according to the law, we are not members of the management, but I was told later that I was released.
I can't say why on my dismissal is not reported on the Fund's website.
I'm on vacation.
Hope to learn more on Monday, "said publication Angelov.
Her place will be Ivanka Bagdatova, which until now has been head of investment crediting "Central Fund" Agriculture "in Sofia.
Was released as Deputy Executive Director, Nikolai Dačev.
Up to this point, he was responsible for direct subsidies paid by the EU for the fields.
In its place will be appointed Zivko Zhivkov, who was the Chief of the Regional Directorate of the Fund "Agriculture" in Veliko Tarnovo until January 2014 onwards.
His post as Deputy Head of the Fund retained only Atidže Aliyev-led.
Currently, she is responsible for the rural development programme.
The official reasons for all the changes in the Department are not mentioned.
Turkey calls the American diplomat in the announcement of spying
Turkish Ministry of Foreign Affairs was the highest ranking American diplomat in the country for clarification in connection with the report on the American and British spying in Turkey.
Deputy Prime Minister Bulent reported that the American charge d'affaires and Turkish officials discussed the message on Monday.
The German magazine "Der Spiegel" and the online journal "The Intercept" reported that documents provided by former United States National Security Agency analyst Edward Snoudenom, show that Turkey has been a priority target of the intelligence for the American and British intelligence services.
According to Turkish news agencies, Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan preumen′šil the importance of that message, saying that all leading countries spy on each other.
Earlier soobŝavšaâsâ that the General Intelligence Agency of Germany also made Ankara by intelligence, sparked more angry response from the Turkish Government.
The largest Chinese companies teamed up against Alibaba
Chinese companies, including China's largest commercial real estate developer Dalian Wanda Group and Internet giant Tencent Holdings (social networks, Instant Messenger, etc.) and Baidu (the largest Chinese search engine), a company that will compete in the market of online trading with Alibaba.
However, to catch up with the miracle of the Chinese Internet, which has left behind even their American rivals-eBay and Amazon.com, will not be easy.
The Union of the largest
The companies plan to invest in a joint venture between 5 billion yuan ($ 814 million), 70% of it will be owned by Wanda and 15 per cent each of Internet companies, said Wanda Group.
Register a company in Hong Kong.
JOINT VENTURE will combine the search engines Baidu with popular social platform WeChat (the largest eating in China, the number of users which is about 438 million), Tencent and Wanda.
In addition to the network of 40 luxury hotels group Wanda manages at least 49 commercial real estate objects all over China and 40 shopping centers.
Last year, the company has invested 50 billion yuan ($ 8 billion) in the construction of film studios and entertainment theme park in Qingdao (China town on the shore of the Yellow Sea).
It is expected that the project will attract more than 1 million visitors each year and make a profit at $ 960 million.
In addition, Wanda is an American cinema chain AMC Entertainment Holdings, which makes the company the largest operator of theaters in the world.
By 2015, Wanda plans to equip all of its shopping centers, hotels and places of entertainment services, e-commerce, the development of which will just create a competitor of Alibaba.
According to Dong Tse, who will head the new company, through consolidation of Wanda is able to increase the number of users of its e-commerce services from 40 million to 100 million by next year.
The new site should become the world's largest online-to-offline platform, said Tung Tse.
The essence of online-to-offline (O2O) Commerce is to attract buyers on the Internet so that they come in conventional offline shops or bought other traditional services.
A classic example is the services selling O2O coupons like Groupon or Vigoda.ru.
"O2O-the largest" cake "in online commerce," said the leader of Van Wanda Czân′lin′ (source Bloomberg).
"Now this site O2O in China does not exist, and in this situation, all approximately equal chances," he said.
Chinese e-commerce market is the largest in the world, and McKinsey estimated & co., its volume will more than triple by 2015 compared to the year of 2011, to $ 395 billion.
The number of Chinese Internet users rose to 632 million, Bloomberg CITES official statistics: it's more than the population of any country in the world except India.
And according to projections, by 2015, that number could grow to 850 million people.
Union is the richest
Head of Tencent, MA Huatèn, until recently, was the richest man in China, however, the millionaire index Bloomberg, founder of Alibaba's Jack Ma has already surpassed its $ 5.5 billion.
Jack Ma State valued at $ 21.8 billion, of which $ 11 billion for its stake in Alibaba.
Leader Baidu Robin Li now ranks third among the richest people in China, while Wang Czân′lin′ of Wanda-fourth ranking.
"This battle is very interesting to watch: three of the richest person join forces to challenge even more rich," said Bloomberg, the Director of the Chinese Center for the study of e-commerce in Hangzhou Cao Lei.
But he believes that the new company is unlikely to be able to seriously compete with Alibaba immediately after creation: "Rome cannot be built in a day".
The tak‑to not just rival Alibaba not only new businesses, but also honored leaders of world Internet trade shows published on the eve of a report on the financial performance of Alibaba in the last quarter.
Alibaba is often described as a cross between eBay and Amazon.com, but from April to June, the company earned more than both her American competitor together.
Alibaba's net profit for the period nearly twice as a summarized figure competitors-it has grown nearly threefold year-on-year and amounted to $ 1.99 billion.
"Alibaba still has enormous potential to generate money, thanks in large part to their mobile applications," commented analyst report from the Bloomberg Hong Kong Arete Research Service.
According to the updated prospectus Alibaba on the website of the Securities and Exchange Commission United States, the number of active mobile users of services of the company in July amounted to 188 million, which significantly exceeds the March figure (163 million).
32.8% of all the transactions, Alibaba had for the past quarter at mobile devices.
Alibaba will name the price of their stock before the IPO.
According to the average estimate 11 analysts surveyed by Bloomberg, the company could be valued at $ 187 billion after the sale of the shares.
According to sources, Bloomberg, Alibaba's debut on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) could take place on September 16.
Road-show company, prior to this event, kicks off on September 3.
It is expected that the output will be a record IPO Alibaba in the history of the NYSE and will allow the company to raise about $ 20 billion.
So far the record for volume of exchanges United States funds belonged to the Visa payment system, which in 2008 was held primary floatation of its shares, earning the $17,9 billion.
At least half of food retail chains have to be Russian-made, deputies of the State Duma.
They have elaborated a draft law on this subject.
It is about making changes in the article. 8 the FEDERAL LAW on fundamentals of the State regulation of trade activity in the Russian Federation "and the tax code.
The purpose of the document is the introduction of safeguard measures against Russian producers of food.
An important clarification, according to the Bill, at least 50 percent of locally produced products in shops should be for each type of goods.
However, the document will be taken into account that there are products which are not produced in Russia, for example, fruits and vegetables in the winter, so they will be taken "off" to avoid possible discomfort to the buyers.
At the same time the draft law makes a change in the tax code of the Russian Federation setting out the reduced VAT rate of 10% of all food products, the country of origin of which is Russia, "Izvestia" newspaper informs.
27 August in the lower House of Parliament had before it a draft law on amendments to the Federal law on retail markets, "which offers to revive Russia's farmers ' markets, in which small-scale producers can sell their products.
The police chief accused of corruption Magaluf
The plaintiffs provided evidence of extortion by police and officials of the municipality of Calvia Mallorca public prosecutor's Office on Friday.
The Chief of police of Calvia on the resort island of Mallorca was arrested as a result of allegations of corruption on the part of businessmen and bar owners in the notorious centre of unbridled drinking Magalufe.
Chief Inspector Jose Antonio Navarro was detained as a result of the accusations of corruption made against him by several businessmen from Punta Ballena, the street where most of the bars and nightclubs of Magalluf.
According to the daily online edition of Diario, Mallorca plaintiffs provided evidence of extortion by police and officials of the municipality of Calvia Mallorca public prosecutor's Office against corruption on Friday.
Another two local police officers were arrested by the guards of the National Guard of Spain in connection with allegations of corruption and will be questioned by the judge along with Navarro.
The Spanish daily ABC reported that disgruntled owners of nightclubs said that protectionism on the part of the authorities to seriously affect their business.
"The question is no longer about how to earn money, it is about survival," said one of the businessmen on trial.
Must not be jeopardized our livelihood.
We have nothing to lose.
Magaluf hit the headlines of the international press this summer after a popular video clip on YouTube, which shows the 18-year-old British vacationer, contributing 24 men blowjob during a race on bars.
Since then, the insular authorities are trying to stop the hooliganism in drunken driving among holidaymakers Magaluf, reducing to a minimum the number of notorious alcoholic races on bars.
In addition, the Club Playhouse, where the incident took place with the blowjob, was forced to close down for the year, while the Playhouse and the organizers of the race of Carnage along were fined €55000 ($73000).
The tourist resort of Magaluf, mainly popular among young British vacationers, also has been the scene of numerous accidents in the State of intoxication of insane fun, known as "balkoning" when people jump from one balcony to another, or from a balcony in the hotel pool.
The first day of spring is marked by the wet and windy conditions, affecting flights to Adelaide Airport
SPRING has a cool surprise in southern South Australia, bringing heavy rains and strong winds that affected flights to Adelaide Airport.
Even 5 mm of rain fell on the city in the evening, 9 pm, followed by 6.6 mm that fell during the night Sunday.
The last rain was preceded by a couple of short showers with gusty wind, including the storm that načalalas′ just before 8 pm and poured almost 4 mm in about 10 minutes.
After winter gave an early portion of spring last week, temperatures fell again on Monday, up to a maximum of just 15.8 c/in the city.
Škvalistye terms are supposed to have served as one of the reasons for the delay of landing flight Virgin Airlines from Melbourne to Adelaide.
The plane was scheduled to land just after 7:30 pm, but got into a zone of wind shear is a sudden change in wind direction or speed over a short range and had to gain height.
Wind gusts reached 50 mph on the ground at the airport in Adelaide at the time.
Flight data showed that the aircraft had to gain height during the second landing, and the plane eventually landed near 8:40 in the evening.
The flight delay caused a further delay of several other flights, including a flight from Dubai, the Emirates and Qantas flight from Sydney.
A maximum of 16 c forecast for Adelaide on Tuesday with a probability of one or two showers.
Estimate construction projects in the RUSSIAN FEDERATION will take place in a new way
The pricing matters, regulation of the construction industry, as well as connectivity issues the Federal Antimonopoly Service takes on a particular control.
By FAS Expert Council is created to promote competition in the construction industry.
At its meeting, the head of HOUSING and COMMUNAL SERVICES, construction and control of natural resources, FAS Vadim Solovyov said that "today's estimate of construction projects is absolutely incomprehensible."
Regulatory framework makes pricing opaque and could lead to unwarranted costs of construction, according to FAS.
And the cost of construction of objects of State property at the design stage to determine on the basis of the market price, instead of constructive solutions in use today the estimated unit cost of manufacturing operations.
The proposals made in the road map and now under consideration in the Ministry.
"Replacing the traditional estimates in construction in the settlements of constructive elements should lead to less corruption in the industry, said the" RSL "Vadim Solovyov.
Now the estimate is drafted every bolt and nut, and it is not always possible to check things out, so sometimes the unscrupulous companies can bury the "entire tractor".
In Ministry with FAS agree.
"The first results of calculating the cost of structural elements already have: developed methods for calculating prices of constructive solutions, preparation of estimates for these indicators, the" head of Department "RSL urban planning and architecture of minstroy Elena Zhukova.
Selected as a pilot area of road construction.
However, experts believe that the problem is much more serious.
According to the "RSL" head of the construction company "Pro-invest" Anatoly Dzyamyanka, estimated requirements have long been obsolete, but other businesses have not yet offered.
"As far as the proposed calculations for structural elements, in practice it is difficult to implement, because in the construction of buildings often use very different technologies," he said.
It is no secret that the strojrynok is largely due to the State.
According to the Chairman of the Board of the National Park expert community professionals State order "Catherine Lezinoj, today the State-the most effective customer.
The Deputy Director of the engineering industry Center of capital construction of Rosatom Vladimir Malakhov noted that today the market is conditionally divided into companies that have access to a portfolio of contracts, and the company owning the exclusive competences and not allowing the field of competitors.
He believes that the establishment of a transparent market is possible only if the contracts would be protected from someone's control action.
At the meeting of the Advisory Council was asked to create a system of State orders in such a way that one and the same artist is not entitled to receive more than one contract worth more than 1 billion rubles. or a series of contracts worth more than 1 billion rubles.
The Ministry believes that this approach must be assessed from the point of view of business impact, and effectiveness of construction management.
As Elena Zhukova, in this case, you would assign the customer functions general contractor, which will result in an increase in the staffing level and budget expenditures for its maintenance.
The specialists of the customer will be required to have the knowledge to evaluate the quality of entrepreneurship, as well as their safety.
Often such a breakdown will need to identify who will be responsible for the security of the object as a whole.
In addition, this approach can lead to an outflow of highly qualified participants of public procurement in relation to the unwillingness of the State order on receipt of part time work and a tiny amount of the contract.
The Deputy Head of the expert advice centre procurement Institute Alexander Evstašenkov considers that the procedure for the State order has become a business game on the contractor's care.
And this: "party when filling in the application form must indicate" specific indicators "without the words" or equivalent "," should "," from "," more "," less "," analog "," or "," type "," similar ", not" less than "," less than "," greater "," may "," could "," may "," previous "," until "," up "," not allowed ", etc.
Thus, customers often abuse their right to determine requirements to the content of the claims submitted by contractors.
Another issue 44-FZ, according to Evstašenkova, was the need to assess the still at the application stage, the quality of the work through a "paper" proposal by the participant.
In considering the application form, you can really evaluate the contractor's qualifications only, but not the quality of the works for which had not even started, "said the expert.
The quality of the work can be appreciated only when their acceptance.
At the meeting of the Advisory Council has also been suggested that profit margins from the upper to the lower echelon to have disappeared between contractors.
The Chairman of the Expert Council, State Secretary, Deputy Head of the FEDERAL ANTIMONOPOLY SERVICE Andrei Carikovskij said that this is not worth it, because the order has to be responsible for the general contractor.
Otherwise turn out as in the famous Arcadia Reprise Raikin "Atelier": "to claim there are buttons?".
Israeli children returned to school after the war in Gaza
Thousands of Israeli children in the territories adjacent to the Gaza Strip again went to school on Monday after having spent the summer in bomb shelters when rocket and mortar rain fell on their settlement during the 50-day war between Israel and Hamas, while schools in the Gaza Strip remained closed while the territory was recovering from the fighting.
Home school brought a sense of joy and excitement of missiles of the southern settlements of Israel, however, traces of the fighting remained fresh.
In the southern city of Ashdod the kindergarten "Pašoš", which was hit by rocket shrapnel marks were removed from the walls and children's rides before the arrival of students.
"We are a little afraid of, but is happy to look into the future," said Ronit Bart, a resident of Kibbutz Saad and English teacher at his school.
Many children in our community really needs to get back to regular life.
Her 11-year-old daughter, Shani, Bart, said that suddenly start walking to school "a little strange".
"It was a difficult time, and we are not getting out of their homes," she said.
President Reuven Rivlin visited the kibbutz, which lies near the border with Gaza, to express their support.
Before a cease-fire halted the war last week, thousands of residents of border settlements, such as Saad, do not go out or fled their homes for safer areas further from the Gaza Strip, to be saved from the rocket and mortar fire.
Many residents of Nahal Oz, a settlement near the border with the Gaza Strip, where a Palestinian mine was killed 4-year-old boy, doubt that they should go back.
The Ministry of education reported that around a dozen families still have not returned.
Their children were sent to other schools at this time.
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu visited a school in Sderot, a town on the border with Gaza, which has postaradal from the Palestinian fire.
He advised the children diligently study and said: "we will do our best to give you the knowledge and ensure your safety."
Israel and Hamas agreed to an indefinite cease-fire last Tuesday.
The cease-fire agreement immediately put an end to the fighting, but key issues remain unresolved, for example, requiring Hamas to lift the Israeli blockade of Gaza-egipto and opening of airports and seaports in the Gaza Strip.
Israel wants Hamas laid down their arms and returned the bodies of two Israeli soldiers killed in the war.
It is expected that the new phase of the proximity talks would begin later this month in Egypt.
The war killed more than 2100 Palestinians, among whom three-quarters were civilians, and at least 494 of the child, according to the Palestinian side, and the United Nations.
Israel disputes those figures and says that at least half of those killed were militants. Despite this, he has not provided substantial evidence to support this claim.
On the Israeli side, killing 66 soldiers and six civilians, including one Thai worker.
During the fighting, Hamas and other Gaza militants fired one rocket and mines 4591 on Israeli towns, mainly in the South of the country.
The Israeli army, meanwhile, held more than 5000 air and other attacks.
As a result of Israeli attacks were damaged and destroyed thousands of homes in the Gaza Strip, and it is estimated that 250000 people have sought refuge in more than 100 schools that have been converted into shelters.
Due to the fact that tens of thousands of people were still in shelters, and the fighting continued, the officials responsible for education, last week postponed the start of the school year.
"I hope that the school will be open soon, so that we can complete our education as children around the world and Jewish children," said Muhammad Amara, 13-year-old boy, who now lives in one of the schools in Gaza.
According to popular selection real estate prices showed the biggest increase in winter for seven years.
The index housing costs RP Data CoreLogic Hedonic housing prices in Australia's capital grew by 1.1 percent in August, RP data reported on Monday.
This growth has led to the total increase for June, July and August to 4.2 percent, the largest increase for the winter months from 2007 onwards.
The annual price growth was 10.9 percent, more than twice exceeding the growth for 12 months by August 2013, but the increase was not evenly distributed across the country.
RP Data Research Director Tim Lawless said the Sydney and Melbourne have a two-tier market.
RP Data figures show that house prices in Sydney rose 16.1 percent over the last year, while in Melbourne at 11.7 per cent.
The following power markets were Adelaide, Brisbane and Darwin, where prices have risen an average of five to six per cent.
At the other end of the scale was in Canberra, which coincided with the Government spending cuts, where prices have risen only 1.4 per cent for the year.
Mr Lawless said that now, when the spring, there will be an increase in the number of properties for sale in the next few months, that would be "a real test" for the market.
"Given the current high level of speed auction sales, overall sales and high speed current conditions with a low interest rate, it is likely that housing costs still rise over the next three months," he said.
How people live in the old House of UFA
In the former House of gold miners and mine owners Evdokima and his son Ivan Demidov Street October Revolution 1/57 (the former Large Kazan) 18 apartments.
House of the 18th century since its construction is virtually unchanged, with the exception of decrepitude.
People go here, as on the tour, and the tenants suffer more than cheer from its privileges-the right to live in the oldest House, the walls of which UFA remembers the Commander Alexander Suvorov.
The date of construction of the houses is inaccurate, historians point to the two dates-1730 and 1737 years.
But in any case, it turns out that the building of nearly 300 years.
The old Court, always an open door, no stairs.
Doors to the apartments are located close to each other, the walls are cracked, and gleams of chipped plaster places visible to the street.
It seems everyone is honest Word.
And the locals say: "don't you think it is."
Live in a wooden house of the 18th century, it is very difficult, "said Tanya Lukyanova, a resident of apartment No. 3.
The object is placed on the gosohrane, but the money is not allocated for its maintenance for dozens of years, and we feel like museum pieces, of which the authorities have simply forgotten.
Last renovation was 40 years ago.
The wall is somehow kept, but the Foundation is rotten.
Many residents still go to the toilet outside and wash once a week in a public bath.
How can you be happy in such conditions?!
The road passes right under the Windows, even the pedestrian zone no.
Tatyana pulls back the shower curtain.
Now you can see what until then had only heard: under Windows is the flow of cars.
You see, the glass window open, constantly rattling cannot, and are used to the noise.
People get used to everything, the good and the bad.
Our apartment is exemplary, thanks to her husband, hands him the gold.
Moreover, two rooms we live threesome with her son.
And families much worse on the second floor is a little more than one and a half metres ceiling height.
For contrast, Tatiana has to go to a neighbor from apartment # 6 Liudmila Starostinoj.
The pleasant atmosphere the woman with the threshold has a cup of coffee and a sad smile says:
We have a one-room apartment, 14.5 m² for 4 persons and live: my husband and my daughter with her granddaughter.
I'm here since birth, the other housing was never, "Lyudmila encircle eyes room: mezzanine, two sofas letter" g "; one of them is the granddaughter of a laptop.
Very crowded and a little different from the usual domestic interiors: beautiful ceilings, only "historical".
But with ceiling regularly flowing: water supply system is no good.
Lyudmila says his apartment is mundane and amazing at the same time, as an Italian woman whose house is on the Roman ruins.
That is, driving in one very old and recent, routine and legendary:
Running water spent about 40 years ago during the last renovation.
At the same time, have made us a little kitchen in the barn and toilet from the closet.
We live just there, where the Slavs Demidov family, the servants lived on the second floor.
Our apartment is not privatized, and why?
In the Centre of Ufa real estate say privatization does not matter.
Still get only a one-room apartment, cannot claim more.
Already four months ago we promised to resettle, but it did not promise.
Not used to complain and won't.
In this apartment (room!) spent an entire family: my grandparents, mom and dad, I am with my husband and my daughter with her granddaughter.
All happened during this time.
For example, a hefty rats ran around the kitchen.
Look at the walls of the wings, they metre thickness!
They say the solution was mixed on the eggs, so long does.
The House is built solidly, thanks Demidov!
Probably only so long as no one is killed by a ceiling or struck.
Only building still slowly dying before our eyes: boards and beams homes are rotting, floors have repeatedly failed, we poured cement, but all is useless-the solution goes into the ground, as well.
They say it is under our private secret manhole and moves to the White River, which is specially made sometime the old believers lived here, so that you can hide from danger, in which case.
Their haunted.
Lyudmila Starostin tells how they came some historian, begged off, that he began excavations in the apartment.
And then persuaded to give them housing in Exchange for their odnušku in October.
Lyudmila historian refused:
Where we four together in odnušku?
And here is a tiny hope is that housing will be more spacious.
We agree to the Exchange, nothing would not have won.
However, the family of Starostinyh nothing and did not win.
The biggest dream of Lyudmila, their daughter, and settled with 16-year-old granddaughter was given a private room.
The two families had a two-room apartment instead of not the most majestic ruins where two generations now live.
A cute, Petite girl Olesya Karsakova of no. 11 and 12 show the second floor of the House.
There's two close B92 total area 23 m², referred to as flats, lives her big family.
We just seven people, two children.
You can see what conditions.
Plaster falling off in chunks, like window frames, inside the walls in the kitchen and in the through hole.
The water in the tap only cold all year round.
Walking along the side of the old House of Ufa, you can make sure that the lucky couple Lavrentiev from apartment No. 4.
They are the most spacious rooms of the first floor.
You're right, places a lot!
Accommodation in 75 squares, spelled out three people.
We live just in those rooms, where according to the legend stayed Suvorov during his stay in Paris, "said the head of the family Alexander Lavrentyev.
High ceilings, spacious.
One bad thing-everything is bursting at the seams, falls apart, collapsing.
The neighbors probably already told!
Most of the torment we have floors: wood boards rotted, the Earth literally went from under your feet.
I put the props, wedges; in the Hall, but nothing yet in the other room we walk, as on a swing while, so all shaky.
The House of merchant Evdokima Alexander Dmitrievich Demidova can tell better than any tour guide.
The zolotopromyšlenniku applies to both native, said of him with admiration.
Indeed, the identity was extraordinary: the host Kaginskogo and Uzânskogo factories built home, pour the cannons and bells, kept the Ural mines.
The heirs of the merchant property ancestor are proud, but to live under one roof with the story no longer want.
I lived here as a child, in the 40-ies of XX century,-says Aleksandr Dmitrievich.
Then around there were wooden rooms for coaches, stables and guard booths, subsequently demolished.
In 1968, wanted to put away and our home, but something stopped. ...
History repeated itself in 2014: entice new housing again.
We, as teammates, gathered all the documents, the obegali instance, and suddenly learned that moving to an apartment is postponed to 2015 or 2016 year.
Something no longer believe in all this ...
Two years ago, went to the Ministry of culture Lavrentyev of Republic Bashkortostan, to learn about the fate of the House.
Officials did not have a tenant.
Sent from one table to another, and then as a mockery, given a piece of paper without signature and seal: "the Ministry of culture has no objection to the resettlement of residents".
I even feel that our House is long gone in the city plan, because first it was at number 57, then became a 57, 57/1 now.
As if it had already been demolished in the 70 's.
"Russian world" asked the head of information and analysis, management of land resources of Ufa, Vladimir Barabašu.
House on the street of the October revolution 57/1 is included in the programme of resettlement of old housing.
I can't answer for the actions of the officials of the 70 's, only know that at the time there was a plan to demolish all old houses, in spite of historical significance.
Fortunately, this has not happened, and the decision of the authorities to restore all the old houses along the street of the October revolution, representing architectural value, and succeeds.
Tenants soon will settle for new apartments.
According to Barabash, restore the House of Demidov will Italian experts who participated in the restoration of buildings in Venice.
Now in Italy is the architectural Biennale, and the project "old Russia" presented there, among others.
I hope that by the year 2016, all former Old kazanskaya Street will be restored, "said the official.
The House will get the proper form that corresponds to that which was before three centuries ago.
Demidov House is likely to become a Museum, open to all comers.
In addition, the Government decided to make a weekend pedestrian street.
In everyday life, unfortunately, does not work, too much traffic in the city.
The resettlement of people from the future Museum Vladimir Barabash promises in 2015 year.
However, it is hardly possible that they will be satisfied with their new apartments would be the same area as the present.
Only from another era.
In Primorye, due to a lightning storm started a forest fire
Dry thunderstorm was the cause of a forest fire on the territory of the hunting uchastkovoje lesnichestvo in Pozharsky district of Primorsky Krai.
In place of ignition is building up forces and means.
According to the management of the KGSBU "the seaside airbase", presented on the site of the fire conditions require involvement of aviation.
Vasiliy Medvedev, Deputy Head of the airbase:
Fire, resulting in difficult terrain, discovered the pilot-observer on board the patrol aircraft the an-2 on an area of 3 hectares.
Burn wood residues on old gorelnik Gorge.
Strong zahlamlennost territory and the steepness of the slope over 45 degrees, the lack of suitable for the landing of the paratroopers-fire sites pose significant difficulty in putting it out.
A MI-8.
Delivery of the forces available to the air base of Mi-2 and an-2 very difficult.
After the discovery of fire, the fire were quickly planted 4 parachutist-firefighters.
The main task of specialists is fire and site preparation for the delivery of additional forces and fire extinguishing equipment.
In the afternoon in the District of the village Hunters advanced helicopter transported 3 Commando-firefighters.
As soon as the helicopter landing pad near the fire is ready, experts will be transferred to a place of fire, was reported on the website of the administration of Primorsky Krai.
Lenny Henry: my father never hugged me.
Never say, "I love you"
Henry was one of seven children, born in a family of immigrants from Jamaica in Dudley in the Midlands in 1958 year.
His father, who died when Henry was 19, worked in a factory, and their relations were limited.
Henry rehearses comedy, "rare plates of Rudy," which is partly based on imaginary conversations with his father and grew out of a series of programmes on Radio 4.
The soundtrack is a mix of reggae and rap and melody-cheerful.
However, Henry had to wade through some difficult childhood memories.
After the death of his mother was "a lot" of treatment, in addition, Henry often thinks about the relationship with his father.
It was very inaccessible.
You never saw his face, you only heard his voice: "Stop making noise.
Get left behind from his sister.
Whip up!
I want to watch cricket.
My older brothers Seymour and Hilton, which were older when I was a kid, went with him to the pub and talking about such things as a form of beer cups, the beauty of hitting in cricket.
I have never talked with him so.
He was such a neulybčivym guy in the corner who had read the newspaper for most of my life.
Recently, Henry opened a foundry shop in Dudley and, although the conditions were better than in the days of his father, he was able to take a look at what must have been his life.
Now there's a little bit better, but this is a dark, smoky, deep labyrinths of the underworld with flashes of fire and smoke and a bunch of soot.
My father zalezal in the tub and just lay there, and you hear, as he slowly begins to sing to myself, because he wanted to wash from the foundry workshop.
When I came back, I realized that he's been doing it for years and years, to earn our livelihood, and I began to appreciate it more.
However, Henry came from a childhood deprived of parental love.
My father never hugged, never say, "I love you".
Only when my mother became ill at the very end of her life, we started talking: "I love you, I love you, I love you.
The birth of their daughter, Billie, from Don French, enabled him to share the love that he lacked as a child.
You can stop this "I love you"?
Just stop hugging me!
Dad, I'm 22!
With Dawn French.
Why would I not be friends with her?
She is a great mom
They are still great friends with the French, to whom he has been married 25 years.
Don is a good man.
Why shouldn't I be friends with Don?
She's a great mom.
The mother of Henry was diabetes.
He was the one that killed her.
So, when I'm really, really recovered and I have diabetes symptoms, my doctor said, "you have to take drastic measures.
Then I started serious training fitensom, and I also had to sit on a strict diet to get rid of the symptoms.
It is really hard.
And it's boring.
Nobody eats a carrot.
Change of career trajectories of Henry reflects, perhaps, in his noble briefly trimmed beard.
Since then, he has received critical acclaim for his Othello, he completely immersed himself in the theater.
Followed by a "comedy of errors", and then "fences" Augusta Wilson.
This work differs from sitcoms and comedies, which were an integral attribute of his busy professional life.
He started his career when he was 16 and worked in a factory.
DJ noticed how he parodies on the stage and wrote about it in "new faces".
His television career started in the mid-1970s: "for quite a while I was the only black man helps Impressionist/comedian on tv."
He studied at work.
I not only had to grow up in front of the audience, I had to learn how to be an effective vehicle for the delivery of jokes between 1975 and 1985 years by being a star on television, and it was really hard.
Lenny's "New faces" in the 1975 year
As his manager had the right to show "black and white minstrels", light entertainment, where people face a "ink", Henry found that supports it within five years.
My family is very not liked.
I like, I wish it never happened to me, but I don't regret having done it.
Though it was a strange, reprehensible position, I worked at larger venues and learned to work with the crowd.
But what was "received awards of light entertainment classics on British television for years and years", it was "grotesque parody of black people".
Introducing characters who mocked and culture of black people in Britain, and sang it, Henry worked in the alternative comedy project in the eighties.
The first season of the show premiered Lenny Henry in 1984, and in the 1990s it was known as, among other things, the chef Gareth Blacklock from the comedy series "Chef!".
Promotional videos, documentaries, tv series and film roles were the next ten years of his life, but after his tv series by the BBC in 2008, "LennyHenry.tv", he thought, "what are you going to do next, Len, because a little bit it seems that you pull or turn slowly to the side."
Next was a series of documentaries on Radio 4 called "what the ...?"
The first one was about Shakespeare.
I had a real allergy to Shakespeare.
You cannot say to me plainly taught this in school and I thought it was, in many ways, the prerogative of middle class white people with tights and cabbage at the bottom front.
So I'm very afraid of it.
Everyone who we were interviewed for the transfer, Peter Hall, Trevor Nunn, Adrian Lester, Judy Dench, said: "you have to try.
Do not abuse it, as long as you do not know what you say.
Say out loud, some of these words, and you will understand why we all love Shakespeare.
Henry read 20 rows from the last monologue Othello to document transfer, and was hooked.
I have a feeling that I can.
As if my head straightened.
"That's what it is, it's serious business, treat it seriously, learn your text, take a little research.
So, the process of rehearsals was tough, and I read this piece by months and months before we put it.
And it was a success.
It seemed they were waiting for a disaster, and it didn't happen.
Soon we started "comedy of errors".
Suddenly I'm in the National Theatre, and I just couldn't believe it until the end.
There was one moment when I thought, "Oh, you've changed" ".
Technical failure, and Henry instinctively felt that his case-to entertain the audience.
"A small voice inside me said," you have to work 10 minutes until they were computer ".
Instead, Assistant Director, announced that the representation will be resumed as soon as the problem will be solved.
I left the stage and something in me said, "Oh, thank God."
It is not my responsibility.
Can I allow someone else to sort this out.
"You play in a play, stay in the role of" ".
Henry in "Fences" at the Duchess
Learn text for "Fences" was difficult.
Panic is quite useful, it strengthens muscles.
It also took good, so it was like a sign from above that shows: "here's what you have to do". "
He said that, of course, booming voice.
So I'm hanging it.
I really like this.
I love to be in the rehearsal room.
By the way, Henry still thinking comedian-interrupt our conversation the whole way it flashes of humor, when it begins, it ends the parody.
I just decided to not work BS, because this thing is getting the instant gratification of a room full of strangers, I think, quite dangerous.
If you want to evolve to this all the time, this can result in a deadlock.
I sometimes work in "live at the Apollo", when I want, but, basically, I do not get such fun as before.
I question whether it is even a stand-up tour ever.
The joy of sitting in a room with the Director, who helps shape the beginning, middle and end of the journey-I don't think I ever want to opt.
Then there is his new incarnation?
I think so.
I like to be an actor.
It's good fun.
You're always telling a story, and here is the perfect place for this.
I love history.
People love stories.
Kenya registers public servants to identify the "invisible people"
Kenya started the biometric registration of all government employees in an attempt to remove the "invisible people" from the Government's payroll.
Staff members who do not sign up within the next two weeks, will no longer pay, according to a Government statement.
The Government suspects that thousands continue to receive salaries after the left State service.
Uhuru Kenyatta, the President promised to reduce corruption in Government once came to power in the year 2013.
An audit earlier this year found that at least $ 1 million (£700000) per month disappears due to payments "to employees-nevidimkam" and other financial irregularities.
The Government suspects that salaries continue to flow into the bank accounts, even after a person dies or leaves the public service, reports the BBC'S Wanyama Čebusiri reporter from the capital, Nairobi.
All public servants must report within the next two weeks in the identification centres, to ensure that their data will be collected through biometric registration procedure, according to a Government statement.
Anyone who fails to do so without reasonable excuse will be removed from the payroll, it said.
"This procedure will significantly streamline the public service by specifying the actual number of civil servants, and will also be used to clear payroll for both levels of Government, therefore, will put an end to the" invisible "employees, said Ann Vajguru, Secretary of the Cabinet of Ministers of planning and structuring of power.
Dozens of Turkish policemen arrested in connection with a "conspiracy" against the Government
All 33 police officers were arrested in Turkey on suspicion of "conspiring against the Government", according to local news agencies.
Police did not immediately comment on the information.
Among the arrested were 14 high-ranking officers, according to Hurriyet daily news.
Some of them last December took part in events to identify corruption, which was sent to government officials, including four Cabinet Ministers.
In July several Turkish policemen were arrested on suspicion of setting up an organized criminal group, and listening to the phone.
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan (who at the time was the Prime Minister) has identified them as part of the measures taken against him and the other facing the authorities, Islamic cleric Fethullahom Gûlenom.
Not all children have returned to school in Ukraine
Schools in most of Ukraine once again opened their doors on Monday (September 1) after the summer holidays.
This day is a big event for families, and like thousands of other parents, Ukrainian Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk took his daughter to school.
There he told waiting journalists that not all schools opened again, but that he would do everything in its power to protect the country for future generations:
The first ceremony took place in September of each school.
No peaceful sky over every part of Ukraine.
We must fight for a peaceful sky.
The whole Ukraine, huge single Ukrainian national front, has to fight for a peaceful sky.
Alexan Shepherds, Director of the school in Slavic, which went to the daughter of Yatsenyuk, spoke Russian.
We hope that the world finally is here, and that children will acquire the knowledge that will be useful in their future life.
The first day of study traditionally celebrate the fact that children wear embroidered shirts, carrying balloons and give flowers to their teachers.
In the face of the Rhone Fejrhed BBC, may find such an impressive Manager who needed a
Followed by a plume of glory from the world of banking, media management and domestic circles of Tory party.
In fact, she has her own experience in leadership positions.
Her career started in the global management consulting firm Bain and co., and then continued at Morgan Stanley, Bombadier, ICI and the world's media Establishment.
She was head of the Financial Times for seven years, retiring from United Nations service, when the parent company Pearson's took a male colleague who was a lower post.
They say that its earning close to £ 1 million.
Her political rating also is strong.
It recommended that David Cameron, Lord Browne, the former head of BP, when he tried to bring professionals from the private sector in Whitehall: she became the Advisor to the Cabinet of Ministers.
Her husband, a former adviser to the Tories.
Earlier in may, I called the President of the poisoned chalice.
The BBC is not only an enormous and complex organisation at the heart of public life, but in its structure there is a paradox.
The Council has two directions: into the top level of the managerial hierarchy of the BBC, but also outward as the voice of public concern and the excitement when something goes wrong.
It is almost an unattainable duopoly, which requires a complete radical reform.
However, what the new President will risk to come, rastaptyvaâ and destroying the institution is as complicated as Chinese dynasty, if he himself will deprive themselves of this process.
This is a difficult decision.
It is not that difficult, many people will be happy to see how the BBC will be reduced in size, after reviewing its authority, finance and status.
As competitors narrow the circle and new technologies challenge the comfortable old habits, the inevitable negotiations on the price of the license are particularly dangerous for the BBC.
For a modest $ £145,50 a year, the British acquired the stake in, particularly, the greatest media company in the world.
BBC tells a good story: she states that the results of its work covers 96 percent of households and are each of them just 40 p a day.
Moreover, it is clear that the popularity of the Beeb is growing: 53 percent support it today against 31 percent 10 years ago.
Model view and use the BBC changed: now I get news headlines on your mobile phone and watch missed programs on the iPlayer.
But it remains a very popular and impressive institution.
He needs an impressive head-I hope it found it.
Perry of Texas said that the humiliating tweets was written by someone other
Tweet with the account confirmed Texas Governor Rick Perry, a Republican on Sunday night contained the offensive image of the District Attorney's Office from the Democrats, which is located in the center of criminal prosecution on charges of abuse of power.
The tweet was later deleted, followed by another account with Perry, in which the entry was dezavuirovana.
Only that my account was published with a Tweet that was written by someone uninvolved.
"I do not approve of this tweet, and I deleted it," reports the later recording.
Perry's aides did not immediately respond to messages requesting comment.
Although entries were uploaded to the account confirmed by Perry, it was not clear who actually publishes in the tape.
An earlier Tweet contained his unattractive caricature on the County Attorney Travis Rosemary Lemberg, who was found guilty of driving while intoxicated in April, 2013.
Perry imposed a ban on funding by the Office when she refused to resign, which led to a grand jury proceeding in Austin this month against Perry, who is a potential candidate for the 2016 presidential election year.
Signature in your tweet reads, "I am not always drive a car while intoxicated, at 3 times the permissible level of alcohol in the blood, and. .. but when I do it, I I hereby put my charges the Governor Perry for what he said to me about it. "
I'm the drunken Democrats in Texas.
Office of Lemberg did not lead an investigation involving the grand jury against Perry.
It was Michael MakKrum, the Special Prosecutor from San Antonio, who was appointed by a Republican.
Perry pleaded not guilty and called the accusations political ploy.
Its powerful legal team asked the judge leading the case to dismiss the indictment, arguing that the law used to prosecute the Governor, performing their duties for the longest time in the history of Texas, vague, contrary to the Constitution.
Perry stopped financing the $ 7.5 million of the State's Division of public control of the State, which is based at Travis County and prosecuting corruption in the public sector in Texas, when Lemberg refused to resign.
The veto led to a formal complaint by a group of public control of left-wing views.
The tape confirmed the account of Perry is updated frequently-and sometimes becomes famous.
He came fifth at the Party Congress in Iowa during his presidential campaign in the year 2012, Perry responded to rumors that he may quit the game by posting a Tweet with a photo of themselves, running next to the Lake, and the words: "here we are, South Carolina!"
Berkeley said that the real estate market is back to "normal"
One of the most prominent developers in London, warned that the real estate market in South-East England "back" to normal levels of activity.
House in the capital have been the subject of lively demand and rapidly rising prices, the widespread fear that the credit bubble will push the Bank of England to set a limit on mortgage loans in June.
Tony Pidžli, founder and Chairman of the elite Berkeley construction company, on Monday said: "since the beginning of the current fiscal year, the market has returned to a normal level of transactions with the peak of the year 2013," adding that a "stable environment".
The London property market has done well during the recession, as foreign buyers came to the capital.
Prices in the city jumped by 18.5 percent last year alone, according to the land registry, significantly ahead of the average 6.7 percent for England and Wales as a whole.
The average market prices of the private, affordable and student Berkeley schemes have risen by about a fifth in the past year, reaching £423000 in late April.
However, the strengthening of the pound in recent months has made the London real estate less attractive to foreign buyers, some of whom stopped the imposition of new taxes on real estate and political rhetoric surrounding potential "mansions tax" before the general elections next May.
London real estate agency Foxtons last week warned that the April mortgage market reform, which imposed stricter conditions for granting the loan, also lead to a reduction of market growth in both real estate sales and prices in the second half of the year.
Fresh data from the Bank of England on Monday showed a drop in the number of mortgages approved in June, suggesting further cooling in the housing market.
Hamptons International, another real estate company, has cut its forecast for growth of prices for the London property to 3 percent a year to 2015 on the basis that the mood of the property prices had already started to wane.
Transaction volumes, meanwhile, fell by a quarter in comparison with the previous year in the most expensive areas of London like Chelsea, Mayfair and Kensington, according to Agency WA Ellis.
However, the demand for homes in the capital turned out to be very profitable for Berkeley, holding up volumes of sales for the amount above the £2,2 billion.
Mr Pidžli added: "the demand for the product with good design and best location remained the same and, reflecting this, sales for the term are preserved".
In June, the company reported that it sold 3742 new homes this year until the end of April-almost a third more than in the pre-crisis peak year of 2007.
Annual profits before tax rose by 40 per cent over the previous year to £ 380 million, revenue-to 18 per cent to £ 1.6 billion.
Speaking Monday before the company's annual meeting, Mr. Pidžli reported that the projected revenue this year of Berkeley will meet current market expectations.
According to the unanimous opinion of the analysts expected full-year profits before tax to £ 450 million.
Berkeley's share price was £23,96 in the afternoon on the London Stock Exchange.
Jennifer Lawrence published nude photos on the Internet hacker
Jennifer Lawrence arrives at the 85-th annual award ceremony for the Academy Awards.
Nude photos of actress Jennifer Lawrence, known as Oscar, were posted on the Internet by a hacker, who assures that has a "directory" photos still 100 rising stars.
The representative of the "hunger games" Star confirmed that the photos are real, and Lawrence condemned the hacker for "blatant invasion of personal space".
Was in law enforcement, and they will pursue anyone who would publish stolen pictures of Jennifer Lawrence.
Pictures that were originally laid out on a photo sharing site 4chan, presumed to have been received due to the lack of an online storage system Apple iCloud, and alleged hacking victims "catalog" includes the names of dozens of female celebrities including Rihanna, Kim Kardashian, Mary Elizabeth Winstead and Mary-Kate Olsen, according to BuzzFeed.
It is unclear how many of these pictures are genuine, although the star of "Scott Pilgrim vs. the" Winstead on Twitter also condemned the hacking.
"Anyone who looks at the photographs that we've done with her husband a few years ago, in the privacy of home-I hope you are proud of themselves," wrote Winstead on Twitter.
However, Victoria Justice of the serials Nickolodeon "iCarly" and "victorious" denied that the photos, she wrote on Twitter: "these so-called nude photo FAKES to me, people.
Let me stop this in the bud. * Pun intentional *.
Buzzfeed reported last Sunday that the pop star Ariana Grande denied that the photo on which, presumably, it is authentic.
An exclusive excerpt from the new novel by Howard Jacobson about love and the letter "J" that caused critical praise
They were melded, it is best to say so, they gradually broke apart like a cardboard box that you left in the rain.
Sometimes the woman told him that he's too serious, severe communication difficulties, stressful, closed and maybe a little Crabby.
And then she used her hand to him.
He saw in his irritability.
It was spiky like a hedgehog, Yes.
The latest victim of this kolûčesti was a small affair, from which he had been waiting longer than usual, getting rid of a lonely and boring life and perhaps even some kind of satisfaction.
Èjlinn Solomonz was timid and fragile beauty with hair and goose-bump-inducing vzlohmačennymi heart of the North Island village, a remote and harsh than Port Reuben.
She came to the South with the older companion Cavern believed her aunt, the latter inherited the House in crude, but similar to Paradise Valley beneath the joyful titled "Paradise Valley".
No one lived in the House for several years.
Pipes running down, still sitting in baths of spiders, slugs have left their traces on all Windows, secure in the knowledge that the House belongs to them; Garden overgrown with weeds, similar to the giant heads of cabbage cabbage.
It was like a cottage from a children's book, at once frightening and fascinating, full of secrets grounds.
Author: Howard Jacobson, whose novel "J" is included in the long list of the Booker Prize in the year 2014.
The shortlist will be announced next week
Cavern and Èjlinn were sitting, holding hands, in broken chairs among high grass, enjoying unexpectedly warm spring afternoon; They both absentmindedly joined a cheap console, which supplied the country peaceful music and soothing news when, glancing at her crossed legs Brown, he remembered an old song has long been a forgotten black artist that enjoyed listening to his father, lowering the curtains in the House.
You've got great legs too.
Because of their inherent aggressiveness, songs of this type in the console is no longer lost.
They have not been banned, there is nothing actually was not just their is no longer lost.
They have become as archaic as the word "archaic".
Public taste was doing something that would never have made orders and prescriptions, and, just as among the books people have chosen memoirs of rich men who grew up in poverty, cookbooks and romance, of all music they chose ballads.
Fascinated by this afternoon, the Cavern began playing an imaginary piano and rough comic voice sing Èjlinn big foot.
Èjlinn not understand.
"It was a popular song by jazz pianist Fats Waller, who was called," he said to her, like a machine with two fingers to his lips.
So did his father to stop the letter "J" before going to his lips.
This began with the game that they played when he was a kid.
His father played into it with his father, as he was telling him.
Start Word with the "J" forgetting to attach two fingers to his mouth, and it will cost you a penny.
It was not a very fun game back then, and it's not been a lot of fun now.
He knew that from the waiting, that's all.
He had to explain what the jazz.
Èjlinn never heard.
Jazz is played, even though it was not explicitly prohibited.
Improvisation went out of fashion.
In the life of only one place left "If".
When melody was, people wanted to know exactly where it will end.
Same with wit.
His unpredictability was people's nerves.
But jazz was wit, expressed by means of music.
Although he has reached the age of 10 years, never once hearing about Sammy Davis Junior, Cavern knew about jazz from his father's collection of CDs partially secret.
But at least he didn't have to say Èjlinn that Fats Waller was black.
Considering her age, she hardly remembered a time when popular singers were not black.
Again, any laws or pressure.
The society was obedient, and this meant that each segment is accepted with gratitude-gratitude those whom fate has sheltered,-the principle of group predisposition.
People of African-Caribbean origin in temperament and physical characteristics were suitable for entertainment and sports-and they were singing and running around.
People from the Indian subcontinent, as if nature's talented in everything related to electronics, ventured to no family is left without a working electronic phone.
What was left of the Polish diaspora, has sanitary works; What remains of Greek, beat cymbals.
Came from the Gulf and Levant, whose grandfathers were not quickly leave the country when that HAPPENED, IF EVER HAPPENED happened, in fear that they will be accused of fanning the flames of fear, in fact, that the flames engulf them, have opened restaurants with labne and hookahs, not vysovyvalis′ and were homesick from idleness.
To each according to his abilities.
Since she had heard only ballads, Èjlinn it was hard to understand how offensive words that just sang her Cavern, in General might be set to music.
Music is an expression of love.
"They're not really offensive," said Cavern.
Except, perhaps, for people with big feet.
My father never insulted, but he loved this song.
He said too much, but a running garden gave him the illusion of security.
Not a single word could not penetrate the soundproofing of giant leaves, similar to cabbage.
Èjlinn is still not understood.
As your father could love this?
He wanted to say that this is a joke, but he did not want it again pressed two fingers to his lips.
She already felt it strange.
"It seemed ridiculous," he said instead.
She shook her head incredulously, closing Kevernu review.
In the whole world there was nothing but heads its bluish-black hair.
Nothing that he would like to see.
"Well, if you say so," she said, having been left in its opinion.
But it still doesn't explain why I sing it.
She seemed genuinely upset.
I have too big feet?
He looked at them again.
You cannot say no.
Ankle, maybe a little bit ...
And you say that hate me because my ankles are too thick?
Hate you?
Of course, I do not hate you.
It's just this stupid song.
He could say: "I love you", but it was too early.
"I like you because you have thick ankles," tried to say it instead.
I have this perversion.
It sounded wrong.
He wanted it to be funny.
Attempts to make jokes often led him into awkward situation, because, like his father, he was missing the soothing charm, which could mitigate the cruelty, kryvšuûsâ in comic strips.
Maybe his dad wanted to be cruel.
Maybe he, like Cavern.
Despite the good eye.
Èjlinn Solomonz blushed and got up with the sun loungers by the console, and the wine they drank.
Elderberry wine, so intoxication could not serve as a justification.
In her excitement she seemed blurry, as the palm leaves in the hurricane.
"But I like you because you have a blunt head," she said...
But not like you.
He was sorry for her and because of the excessive harshness of his words, and out of fear that appeared in her eyes when she gave him back.
Whether she thought that he will strike?
She did not speak to him about life on the cold northern archipelago, where she grew up, but he had no doubt that basically it was like a local.
The same huge icy Ocean struck both of them.
The same with the downed men, even more sensitive and capricious after what happened, if anything, HAPPENED, than their ancestors, smugglers and destroyers, wandered in a rage from pub to pub, ready to raise your hand on any woman posmevšuû deny them or poddraznit′ them.
Dull head?
They would have shown her goofy fist, if it had not been cautious!
First would be to Kiss-Kiss has now become the most common expression of erotic stimulation between a man and a woman; antidote to the sweet ballads that gave out the first kiss her and then hit.
An unnecessary clarification, in the view of Keverna, because the kiss itself had already been bullying.
Solomonz Èjlinn hull showed that he needed to leave.
He rose from a sun bed, like an old man.
She felt the weight of lead, but the weight of his grief surprised her.
This was not the end of the world.
They barely knew each other.
She watched as he leaves the top of the window and watched as he leaves her with a male companion of the vzvalivšij over the hardship.
Adam, leaving the garden, she thought.
She felt a pang of sympathy for him and the men at all, though some of them and raised her hand.
The man, otvernuvšijsâ sogbennoj, with her back turned, ashamed, smitten, the ability to fight him-why she felt that she knew it so well, if she could not remember a single case, until today, when she saw this?
Single again Èjlinn Solomonz looked down at their feet.
Twenty years before the events described above or so Esme Nussbaum, intelligent and energetic 32-year-old researcher who worked in "Ofnau", an informal service monitoring of Public mood, has prepared a short report on the conservation of low and medium level violence in most parts of the country, where it was expected that it will be reduced, if not stopped altogether, given the means and forces that stood out for its eradication.
"A lot has been done, and much is being done," she wrote, "to mitigate the inherent aggressiveness of people who fought in a thousand wars and won most of them, especially among those tangled branches and narrow rasselin region where, despite the soaring spires of churches, hedges over the gentle breath of human kindness is seldom felt in all of history.
However, some quality turns out to be neiskorenimy.
The higher the Spire, it would seem, the nizmennee the passion that he gives.
People shed tears over sentimental ballads, stories about obstacles overcome obstacles swallows and announces his fervent belief in the virtue of marriage and family life, however, is not only an old rude retains its strong grip in both rural communities and urban settlements, but there is evidence that a new and vicious zadiristost′ in homes, workplaces, on roads and even on the playgrounds.
"You have the annoying habit to write too much," said her supervisor, reading the entire report.
It seems to me you should read less novels.
Esme Nussbaum lowered her head.
I must also ask you: are you an atheist?
"I believe that is not obliged to answer," said Esme Nussbaum.
Are you a lesbian?
Esme again insisted on its right to privacy and silence.
A feminist?
Again, the silence.
"I ask," said Luther Rabinowitz, finally "not because I am against atheism, lesbijstva or feminism.
Here we have no preconceptions.
We are the servants of society without prejudice.
But some types of hypersensitivity, totally reasonable and laudable in themselves, can sometimes distort results, such as the ones you showed me.
It is obvious that you are predubeždeny against the Church, and what you call "vicious" and "serious", the other would be interpreted as an expression of natural life and vigor.
Continue to nudet′ about what happened, if anything HAD HAPPENED, as if it had happened, if anything, happened yesterday, means to deprive the country of the needed her life force.
Esme Nussbaum looked around at the sides, while Rabinowitz said.
For his head pink as a flamingo, led the letter repeated the advice that "Ofnau" has given the country the past quarter century or more.
Smile your neighbor, exalt their spouse, listen to ballads, go to musicals, talk on the phone, talk, explain, listen, apologize, and agree.
The conversation is silence, Word of the songs better than the written word, but there's nothing better than love.
"I fully understand what you want to say," Esme said softly, when Nussbaum is satisfied that her supervisor finished talking, "and I don't want to say anything, except that we are not living as effectively as we convince ourselves.
My concern is that if we are not ready, we will discover that we repeat mistakes that initially led to what happened, if anything, happened.
Only this time we throw away their anger and mistrust on the other.
Luther Rabinowitz joined the tips of his fingers in a pyramid.
This gesture was supposed to mean endless patience.
"You go too far," he said, "the calling" errors "that have committed or not committed our grandfathers.
You go too far when you say that they threw out their "anger" and "mistrust" to "other".
You people should not need to be reminded of that, understanding the past, that is, defending present, we're not talking about "us" and "them".
There were no "us" and had no "other".
It was a time of disorder-that's all we know.
"For that, to be honest with ourselves", dared insert Esme, "no part of society can well justify itself.
I don't blame anybody.
Whether it's bad or good-what's done is done.
Then it was back then.
Nothing more to say-and here we agree.
And how not to blame anyone, not to make excuses, and if this was appropriate or if you could fix something.
But why should the past, if not to learn-
Past the classes that we have forgotten it.
If I can add to this one word-
Luther Rabinovica pyramid collapsed.
"I'll take a look at your record," he said, letting go of her.
The next day, on the way to work, it knocked down a motorcyclist who drove on the sidewalk, as described by passers-by, "a vicious rage."
Coincidences happen.
Army of Lesotho declares that the coup was not planned; the Prime Minister remains in South Africa
Representatives of the Lesotho army denied that a coup to overthrow the Government, saying that they had acted against the police, which was suspected of trying to arm the political fanatics.
Prime Minister Thomas Thabane left the country, saying that the army had surrounded his official residence and seized government buildings in the capital of Maseru.
The Prime Minister took his family in neighboring South Africa, stating that he had received a threat on his life.
Army spokesman Maj. Ntlele Ntoi stated that there were, in fact, the coup, but that the army has responded to the threat of "political fanatics", which the police tried to equip.
"What happened this morning is that Lesotho's armed forces command had taken steps, having received several intelligence reports that among police forces, there are some elements that are planning to provide some political, the young fanatics of the political parties that were ready to be chaos," he told the voice of America.
The representative of the South African Government Clason Mon′ela stated that actions of the army looked like a coup.
"Although no one asserted claim to the seizure of power by force, by all accounts, the Lesotho armed forces at the moment are the main signs of a coup," he said.
Representatives of the Lesotho army said that soldiers returned to their barracks on Sunday and that the capital is calm.
Meanwhile, Deputy Prime Minister Motetžoa in the absence of Government manages Metsing Thabane.
Thabane said he believes is under attack for trying to fight corruption in the country.
The situation in Lesotho was tense since June, when Thabane has suspended parliamentary sessions as a result of differences in their joint Government.
He said that his actions do not undermine the Government, despite accusations to the contrary.
Chelsea midfielder Marco van Ginkel will hold the forthcoming season on loan at Milan, the Milan Channel.
21-year-old Dutchman will arrive in Italy in the next few hours for medical examinations.
Last season, he played in the London Club only three times.
Earlier, AC Milan from Liverpool striker Fernando Torres.
Production in the euro zone at their lowest level for 13 months
Output growth in the euro zone slowed to its lowest level in 13 months in August, according to popular research.
The last value of the index (PMI) of the manufacturing sector of the eurozone by Markit fell to 50.7 in August, down from 51.8 in July.
A value above 50 indicates growth.
New orders were delayed, and the company suffered among the growing tension between the EU and Russia in connection with Ukraine.
Value received before the meeting of the European Central Bank (ECB) on Thursday.
Markets will be waiting on the Bank a clear plan of how to cope with disruption of the eurozone recovery, and with the threat of deflation when inflation of just 0.3%.
There is speculation that ECB chief Mario Draghi later this week may give more signals that it is considering a scheme of quantitative easing in the euro zone, similar to those that have used the United Kingdom and the United States during the financial crisis.
"Although some growth is better than no growth inhibitory effect of growing economic and geopolitical uncertainties for manufacturers is becoming more apparent," said Rob Dobson, Senior Economist at Markit.
PMI manufacturing Germany, Russia's biggest trading partner in the EU, fell to the lowest in 11 months mark 51.4.
Meanwhile, the second largest economy of France, the PMI dropped to 46.9.
France continues to be a cause of real concern as well as weakening Italy's stable growth to stagnation.
Signs that the momentum of growth waned mainly industrial engine, Germany, as well as in Spain and the Netherlands, also did not add certainty, "said Mr Dobson.
Industrial slowdown is likely still would throw more fuel on the fire analysts awaiting the introduction of additional monetary or fiscal stimulus.
One positive news was from Ireland, where the PMI rose to 57.3, it's the highest level since the end of 1999.
Howard Archer, Chief Economist at IHS Global Insight, said: "the best that can be said about the August survey index of business activity in the eurozone manufacturing sector is that it shows that the sector is still growing."
He added: "the eurozone Manufacturers obviously are finding life very tough at the moment, because the current heightened geopolitical tension-particularly related to Russia/Ukraine-adds uncertainty still difficult conditions in many countries.
This heightened tensions obviously hit on business-and particularly on consumer confidence, and probably leads to the fact that some orders are delayed or even canceled, especially large orders.
He said that "more and more it seems that the ECB" in the end, will have to do some form of quantitative easing, "Although we suspect that it will be limited."
The inhabitants of Mariupol was put up human chain against militia
In Mariupol, until last week, it was all quiet and no one wanted to organize the Mariupol city, people's Republic of China at the Azov Sea lived and worked.
Now residents are joining with horror "militias".
According to political analysts, the separatists erupt to Mariupol to exit to the sea-was recently taken city Novoazovsk, who also was a member of the breakaway republics.
Mariupol team decided that the Ukrainian army, though, and will defend them, but it is a bit against armed representatives of DND-LNR, and come help the military.
They dig trenches, build the roadblocks and strengthening.
Saturday night, several thousand people came to the eastern border of the city, and stood there in a human chain, singing the national anthem of Ukraine.
They are going to do the same in the case of the occurrence.
Volunteers collect and carry equipment and products, collect medicines, publish a newspaper.
The city gradually are closing stores, stop running banks and ATMs.
Ten years of hell for survivors of Beslan: ten years with the dreadful capture of school children, who were in it, still suffer
Ten years ago, more than 1000 people were taken hostage by Chechen fighters in the school in Beslan, southern Russia
More than 330 people, more than half of them children, were killed during the three-day trials, which shocked the world
We returned to Beslan to find some of the victims, who cheated death during the atrocities in school
Exactly ten years after the horrific Beslan school seizure which killed 334 people, including 186 children, heroically survivors warned last night about a new Apocalypse in Ukraine.
When terrorists, Islamic fanatics, captured and killed the children and parents, September 1, 2004, at the start of a new quarter, it seemed something of an extreme degree of possible harm.
The tragedy has United the East and the West in disgust, which then grew into an amazing action and hope for the future in terms of deep grief.
Ten years later, we're back in Beslan, southern Russia, to find some of the victims, who cheated death during the massacre at the school.
We found the amazing young people who faced trouble, although memories of terrorist hell will live with them forever.
Their biggest hope?
That war, which now torments Ukraine, in which the same kids as they die, stop now.
The girl in the photo is trying to climb back into the sports hall which
It is embodied in the picture of the famous Russian photographer Dmitry Beliakov's, when in his underwear tried to get back in the gym after which a mine.
Confused Aida desperately searching for her mother, Larisa, now 40.
There were fears that they both died, but in fact they have survived.
"The woman told me to run hard, but I couldn't," said Aida then.
My legs were covered with blood.
I got up and climbed back inside to find her mother.
Soldiers picked her up and carried to safety.
After a series of operations, she thought that a fully rebounded, but yesterday said: "three months ago, the pain returned.
I'm afraid I may need another operation.
A few fragments left in my knee.
Her goal now is to become a dentist, to help people like her doctors.
"This tragedy changed my life, but it is certainly not smashed it," she says defiantly.
"It has happened to me, and you cannot change this fact.
Once a year, I always go to the gym, to remember all those who stayed there.
My friends and I tried not to talk about it in other days.
The pain is too strong.
My best friend, which was supposed to be my classmate, Dzera Gapoeva was killed there.
We played together when they were young, and dreamed that go to school together.
"I don't want to marry until they finish their studies and started to work.
I will think about the family afterwards.
She said that the seizure remains with her, though memories fade a little bit every year.
I'm glad that many people in the world still remember about our troubles, and we are so grateful for the help we have received from people from the uk and from everywhere.
When I see a photo on the Web, where I get involved in the school window, I think many people will see it for the first time, learn about our tragedy and make so that this will not happen.
The boy, who was fleeing through hail of bullets, believing that his mother is dead
It was his first day at school (the Russians start school at 7 years) and endured three days of capture, hugging her mother Tamara.
When he was seven, and he said, "mom told me to lie down, if there is an explosion, and hold her hand".
After one of the explosions he thought she was dying.
She said to him: "Run".
Fearing that she is dead, he ran off the road and saw a crying baby, grabbed the child by the hand and ran through a hail of bullets.
His father, Vladimir, who grabbed her son outside, said: "Damir told me that his mom died.
He said: "I was not able to rescue her". "
In fact, Tamara got out and was in the hospital with wounds to his legs, in turn, thinking that her son was killed.
After their reunion, she said: "I cried with joy.
I could not believe it.
He ran and hugged me.
Damir later brought in London (now non-existent newspaper News of the World), where he was awarded as the protector of children from Barnardo's premier Tony Blair and his wife Cherie.
"This horror is returned to you every day, but I would love it if I could no longer remember him," he said yesterday.
Still, I can say that I have in my memory it dims.
I remember right after that I dumped all their toy guns.
But now I can play computer games with shooting, and it's not a problem for me.
"I'm not afraid to go back in the gym, but I don't think of myself.
I remember those children with whom I played in the backyard, which never got out.
We never say that they killed or dead.
We say that they stayed in the gym.
I remember my trip to London so well, especially the toy store where I was allowed to choose whatever I want, and travel in a car with an open top.
But now he is afraid of such places as Ukraine, where wars have resulted in such grief that he and his friends had survived.
This horror is returned to you every day, but I would have liked that I could no longer remember his
"I am so sorry for all those who suffer from these horrors," said Damir, who last week was involved in volunteer work at the convent.
I so want to help.
I want to serve in the police ever and I hope that I will be admitted to the Training Academy the following year.
His mother, Tamara, 48 years old, said: "the 37 children had been killed in our neighbourhood, you can imagine?
I remember the terrible silence immediately after capture, there was simply no children screaming and running around, and this silence lasted for many months.
She vividly remembers his trip with Damir in London.
People in London cried when I told our story.
I realized then, as people on the other end of the earth can understand our feelings, can provide support.
She was grateful to "Cherie Blair and her Foundation for the award and the opportunity to go to London in the autumn of 2004 year.
I would like to call Sheri and the she say that 10 years have passed, but I still remember meeting with her and her husband in London and how they helped Damiru and me.
I remember when Damir wanted to eat the soup, they were calling all local Russian restaurants.
I remember he played with waiters in the restaurant, Damir shot them from his water gun, and they ran away and played with him.
And only a month has passed since our nightmare then.
I was shocked to learn that the British were so willing to share our pain and support us.
She said: "I think that this world is a better place for these 10 years.
At present in Ukraine there is a war, people die every day, and I think a lot of children have been killed and would be killed.
It's just the same as our children.
I think for many people, the war-it's a news story that they listen to when they are bored, or when they are busy with something else.
I just know that these people feel the horror of it.
And I can not stop feeling it.
Nothing has changed, people still want to kill each other, and it's so sad.
Damir grew up and became very soft and calm boy, he is not aggressive and not malicious.
He is not looking for revenge, for example, he is not fixated on this last nightmare.
I know that he does not like to remember it, but they are very close with six classmates, and they go to the gym from time to time and light candles there.
When he was younger, he was suffering from this-I remember how he was lying on the couch, turning away from us for hours.
Unable to sleep, his eyes have been opened.
I also remember how he threw away all their weapons and other military toys. Damiru now 17, he is taller than me, cute, smart and healthy.
It is hard to believe that a few hours I was so sure that he died and that I never see anymore.
When I was able to recover from the blast and got on my feet, I looked around, I saw hell around him, when body parts lying everywhere.
I was absolutely convinced that it is impossible that my little boy was able to survive this hell.
"I remember that I shouted to him:" Damir, run, run away ", but then again I was so confident that he didn't hear me.
But he heard and ran away.
So life goes on for us, unlike so many others.
Georgy Ilyin, 17 years
The boy, whose shocking picture after the capture has become decisive for the Beslan tragedy
Peace of mind: surviving Beslan Georgy Ilyin and his mum Fatima after capturing the 2004 year, and George today
His blood-soaked face was imprinted fear when he fled from death, when Chechen terrorists shot his classmates.
His photography has been one of the most shocking characters barbarism in Beslan.
His mother, Fatima, 54, the Chief doctor, took him to school on the first day of the study before you take the eldest son of Vladimir at the University.
"I left two minutes before the terrorists ran into the yard, so my little boy was left alone for a three-day nightmare," she said.
Not quite one, there was a family of our relatives, but they were all killed.
Only my George managed to survive.
The closer the date is, the more difficult it is to think and talk about it.
There is not a single day when we remember the tragedy.
We don't think it's been a long time, I think that it happened today, some of the scenes these days all the time before my eyes.
No one will ever forget, I promise you.
Gets into the soul: a picture of George (left) was one of the most shocking images of the attack and was immortalized in a sculpture (right)
I remember that George just wanted to go to school that day that said he wanted to hug the teacher.
I only learned that he was alive, when I saw it on tv.
And now even has a sculpture of a crying George in San Marino.
George doesn't like to look at this photograph, and it is hidden in a bookcase at home.
I understand, but I also think that the pictures of people from all over the world feel our pain.
Georgi says now: "it is important that this never happened.
"I doubt we will ever know the truth.
People are continuing to investigate the tragedy and will never know the truth.
Now they are investigating this crash of Boeing in Ukraine.
Will we ever, what it was called?
This world goes to something very bad.
"I can't understand how this happens, because if you ask people, no one wants war, so how does that happen?
Ten years is nothing for the pain.
We need to have dozens of years to forget it.
It has affected my health, and I still feel it.
About three or four years I had nightmares because of the capture, but it is now better.
I returned to school later in the year 2004, I was scared every day.
I thought about friends and classmates who were killed.
That's why I keep going to the gym before 1 September.
I want to pay tribute to the memory of my old friends from childhood.
It is hard for me to be in the gym, but I must do it.
I don't feel like a victim, this story is part of my past now.
I will not forget about it, but I do not feel self-pity.
My life goes on.
I graduated from high school this year and enrolled at the Medical University in Vladikavkaz.
I will learn to become a heart surgeon.
My first choice was to go into the army.
I wanted to be a war, but I did not allow health.
I wanted to fight for my country, but that did not happen.
George Irbek Farniev, 20 years
The boy, who survived, despite the fact that he was at the feet of the bomber-killer
Unbelievable: George Irbek Farniev was at the feet of the bomber killers during the seizure, but he managed to survive
At the time, he was photographed in a Sports Hall sitting next to a bomb at the feet of a suicide killer.
Indeed, it is a miracle that he was not killed.
"It seems to us that it was yesterday," said George, who wanted to study the intelligence officer in the FSB, but could not because of the damage caused to his health during the seizure.
It's still with me, it's not something that I left behind.
I am older now, and they say that children can easily cope with bad events-I must say that this is not true.
"In 2006, I worked with psychologists and I felt a little better after that, but I can't forget that.
And I would like to forget.
In 2005 year-next year-was the first and last time I walked into the gym again.
I lost consciousness.
I would never go there again, and please don't ask me to show where I've been sitting on this famous photograph.
Survivor: George Irbek Farniev today with an open laptop computer photograph themselves in the hospital after seizure
My pain is enormous, and I carry it with me every day.
My friends know that I don't like to think about it or talk about it, and they never asked me about school.
As to the physical condition, I'm healthy.
I need to be careful with the knee, which was damaged but now I walk normally.
But health has not allowed me to study at the Academy of FEDERAL SECURITY SERVICE in St. Petersburg, as I wanted to.
I sent your documents, including medical records, and they replied that it is impossible.
My second hobby were animals, so I went to the Veterinary Institute.
I studied there for two years.
He learns to treat all the animals "from cats and cows".
He said: "I know I never will tell their children about their experiences.
This is not what children should know, and, of course, not what they need to survive.
His mother, Marina, 42 years, said: "The pain never leaves me.
It's in my soul, worse when the anniversary is approaching.
I will go and will attend the ceremonies that will be held to celebrate her.
I know that George will not go.
For him it should be even stronger because he was there, and I don't.
I was waiting for him at home and could not help.
I am so grateful to God that he came back to me. Here in Beslan imprint rests with each.
He remains with us.
George is now an adult, but this nightmare is still with him.
It's hard to take, when something is so terribly unfair, is with you.
He is a boy, he loves the sport, but he could not do because of the knee.
He had several operations, he can walk, but could not work out.
I would say that it is 50% overcame this nightmare, but it is impossible to completely overcome and forget it.
This spooky experience will stay with us.
Many friends and neighbors were killed during the seizure, and this only increases my pain.
I lost a lot of people I knew well, and which were dear to me.
My son with me, and this is the best gift God could I do, but my heart aches for those who were killed.
I know families where new children were born, but know and widows who never married.
Hard to take that life goes on, even if you do not want to.
I will never forget, as the heart of vyprygnulo out of my chest when I saw him in the hospital.
Now I look at what is happening in the world, wars in different regions.
What these people fight?
Why they kill each other?
The war is very close to our country right now, and I can hardly believe it.
We have a friendly country in the past, how is it that we are fighting now?
People and children are suffering, I am sure, many children have been killed in Ukraine and many would be killed.
If you could grab all the rebels and throw away-as far as you can.
Alyona Ckaeva, 10 years
The baby, whose touching claimed in a safe place soldier of special forces
Reason: for Alena Ckaevu is a safe place to a Russian soldier of special forces (on the left).
It is now ten (right), and she does not remember the heinous crime
The world stopped breathing in the 2004 year when little Alena introduced the hands of seized the school in Beslan by Russian police.
Terrorists freed her, but left her cruelty-free 30-year-old mother, a 10 year-old sister Christine and brother of Machar's Cathedral at the Sports Hall of the school.
Mahar, who was three years old, was rescued, but Alëniny mother and sister perished in the deadly carnage.
Her father has since married Russlan again, and he and his new wife Svetlana has a little daughter, whom he named Christina, in memory of his daughter, which he lost.
Alena, now 10, has no memory of the seizure and blossomed into a clever and cheerful girl, say neighbors.
"They're big happy family now, and Alena and Mahar-both wonderful kids," says a close friend.
Ruslan is a great father and wants to keep them away from all the memories, when the tenth anniversary.
You can understand why.
Midfielder Shinji Kagawa, who returned from Manchester United to the BV Borussia Dortmund, said he is looking forward to when again able to take to the field in the form of the German Club.
According to him, this shuttle service-a happy event in his career.
Of course, I'm very happy that I will once again play for Dortmund, "Bild cited the words of Kagawa.
Feel very good.
Full of positive emotions and to look forward to when I can go out on the field again in the form of Borussia Mönchengladbach.
Remember, Kagawa joined Manchester United from Borussia Mönchengladbach in summer 2012 year for 16 million euros.
However, he was never able to gain a foothold in the English club after spending two seasons in just 38 matches in the Championship of England, scoring 6 goals and 8 assists.
Man accused of hitting on a girl to the Pelican crossing in Fife
78-year-old man will appear before court on charges of hitting the 3-year-old girl at a Pelican crossing in Fife.
Gordon Stewart reportedly knocked down a girl on a transition in Pittenvine in East N′ûke.
Prosecutors said that Mr. Stewart led his Audi Q3 without due care and attention and knocked down a girl, in which she was injured.
Stewart, 78, of Anstrutera, denied his guilt at Dundee Sheriff Court.
Sheriff Charles McNair, q.c., appointed court date in January.
Obama, Merkel and Sarkozy are not otovarâtsâ in Vladivostok
Duty-free shops Duty Free airport Vladivostok posted a sign prohibiting purchases in this store a number of world political leaders.
Do not buy them spirits, vodka and brandy.
Store administration decided that United States President Barack Obama, German Chancellor Angela Merkel, French President Francois hollande, Vitali Klitschko, Yulia Tymoshenko, Prime Minister of Japan, and a few famous friends will not be able to buy vodka, cognac and spirits in their store.
And posted on the door of a plate.
Earlier, Obama got a ban on the emergence in even less accessible to him by reason of service establishments: Dietary messes MSU reported site catering establishments.
If the American President had dream someday eat in the dining room light in Russia, is not known, but the authors explicitly bans seem themselves terribly witty.
Is there any cheese after the embargo: Medvedev gave advice to farmers
The Prime Minister of Russia Dmitry Medvedev believes that the embargo Russian farmers should harness new technologies to engage customers have demanded release of varieties of cheese.
The Council was given during a visit to the enterprise "Ûgpticeprom" firm "Agrocomplex".
The head of Government also gave advice to restaurateurs to move on Russian meat whose quality is at the proper level.
Annual embargo on food imports was introduced in Russia since August 7.
Russia coach Valentin Maslakov is pleased with the outcomes of the DecaNation competition.
According to the expert, the third place is a good result considering the lack of focused training for competitions.
Our athletes at his level, the "all sports" Maslakov words.
Third place-confirmation of our high command level.
It's nice that even the French and the Americans an advantage over us is minimal.
We must remember that we are not prepared for this competition.
The season is over, and we did not require our leaders to participate in the DecaNation.
In recent years, we have been second at this tournament, but this season we have refreshed the team.
The French, by contrast, put up a capable team, which includes 13 European champions.
They did not hide their intention to win this year, as repeatedly publicly declared.
But even the hosts of the competition could not resist the Americans.
Therefore, I think that the Russians were in such a company representative at a good level.
But the results in some types were significantly lower than for the same "Diamond League".
The season is over.
Of course, athletes are not so important outcome, especially in competitions a team level.
The main thing here was the place.
And, I agree, came to the point of absurdity when the 1500 m men are so admired by tactical intricacies of sprinting that showed the result below the average level of ... women's races.
4 Tips how to get the best quality underwater photos and video
If you want to take pictures or shoot video underwater, you have many options for equipment.
The cheapest option-waterproof "SOAP dish", for example, the Nikon Coolpix AW120 or action cam, for example, the GoPro Hero3 + Silver Edition, both of which sell for around $ 300.
I took these pictures while on a family holiday with a few cameras, all for about $ 350.
No matter what kind of equipment do you use, the more rules you need to follow in order to achieve the best results.
Recheck your equipment.
Even if you have a waterproof camera, make sure that the battery Chamber and other offices shut tight.
Also, configure your camera for the type of photos or videos that you will shoot.
Some cameras have capture modes or object type that optimize exposure for dark underwater conditions.
And before you jump into the water, understand how deep your equipment can fall.
Some cameras are only 5 feet, others 50 or 60 feet.
Check out our buyer's Guide and rankings of digital cameras for both traditional and for waterproof models.
Shoot a few frames-because many of them will turn out.
The "point-and-shoot cameras have LCD that will help you compose shots, while action-packed cameras usually are not.
Even if you have an LCD, it will be hard to make out beneath the water, and the layout of the frame to be a random process.
So take a few frames.
Also, if your camera has a burst mode that shoots multiple frames with slightly different exposure settings, use them.
Stay near the surface.
The amount of light is significantly reduced, the deeper you jumping into the water.
If possible, stay near the surface, when you shoot in the pool, river or ocean.
This will also allow you to allocate more colors in the photos; the deeper you go, the fewer colors you'll see.
Swim up close to the shooting.
This is a great tip for shooting on land, but it is even more important under water due to the dark light conditions.
It is particularly important, if you shoot the action-camera: this equipment is often equipped with a fixed, wide-angle lens, which means that you will have to get closer to objects if you want to fill the frame.
2012 Olympic Games bronze medalist, wrestling Bilal Makhov can go in Greco-Roman wrestling.
About this informed the head coach of Dagestan wrestling Sažid Sažidov.
The specialist did not rule out the participation of athletes at the World Championships in Tashkent in September 2014 years.
Currently, Bilal Makhov is a collection of commands "classics", the "r-word" Sažida Sports Sažidova.
In General, the junior Bilal acted in both styles.
At the Youth World Championship in 2005, he became the winner of the tournament wrestlers won in competitions and third Greco-Romans and decided to concentrate on wrestling.
Long-gone talk that a new phase of his career, our heavyweight in Greco-Roman wrestling.
I will say more: Makhov may speak at the World Championship in Tashkent-if average WINS.
But the final word is always up for a coaching staff led by Gogi Koguašvili.
Andrew Lawson was the kind of person whose strength of personality to shake up everything, even in such a gigantic organization like the national health service.
Consulted by the anesthesiologist, he has dedicated his career to saving patients from suffering disease and pain treatment.
Among those who turned to him, remembers his wife, was a MI-6 officer, who had to live with the devastating consequences of torture.
Lawson realized that while doctors are passionate about diagnoses and diseases, those being treated, mainly worried about something completely different-a pain.
One day in the year 2007, however, it was those who began to suffer.
"I didn't feel as usual", he wrote in May last year.
It was difficult for me to find the strength.
Struggling with symptoms similar to the flu, he discovered that exasperated blames his wife, Juliet.
"I want all happened sooner, and not later," he said.
When Juliet went on business for a week, Lawson found it unusually and inexplicably upset.
Something wasn't right.
He asked a colleague to do a chest x-ray.
Just two weeks before he skied in the French Alps.
X-ray results came.
It was incurable cancer mesothelioma, which affects the pleura or lung shell.
For the majority of cancers is difficult to determine the exact cause.
While some smokers become ill with lung cancer, for example, not all lung cancer patients smoked.
But with mesothelioma in another way.
In almost all cases, the reason for the contact with asbestos, fibrous building material that was once called the "miracle", but which is now known, is deadly.
For most of us, mesothelioma-a disease that you can ignore.
Asbestos, in the end, stuff from the past.
The most dangerous type of asbestos is not used in the uk since 1960 's, when the Advisory industrial ban came into force.
Even when it was used, only people from specific industries worked closely with him: truboizolirovŝiki, builders, carpenters and workers in the docks, for example.
Industrial Toxin from another era, it hardly seems cause for concern today.
But such tranquillity is wrong.
United Kingdom, it turns out, is now at the peak of the epidemic of mesothelioma.
Here from Mesothelioma kills more people than any other country on the planet.
The annual mortality rate is approximately 2500 people, more than twice as many people die from the disease than from car accidents.
Annual deaths from mesothelioma in 1980, and the estimated number of deaths in the future in the uk
The reason why we feel its deadly consequences now, is that, although the use of asbestos, it is illegal for many years (all types of asbestos were eventually forbidden by law in the year 1999), on the development of mesothelioma are typically tens of years.
And attack mesothelioma is not limited to veterans of the specialties of industrial construction.
Asbestos was, and in many cases remains, laid out in a house where we live, where we work, offices, schools, where we learn, and shops where we go shopping.
As a result, mesothelioma is not paying attention to the class, level of income, occupation or age.
Bastions of elegance, from the trendiest department stores to private schools, as it turned out, not salvation.
The Parliament building is asbestos.
Even hospitals that are intended to treat us, are reservoirs of the deadly carcinogen.
Andrew Lawson was not old.
It was not truboizolirovŝikom.
In fact, he had to think of where it could come into contact with asbestos.
Then he realized.
"It seems that might be a lot of asbestos in the tunnels at Gaya, where I spent six years on probation," he wrote.
All-students, nurses, doctors and movers-used these tunnels.
I wonder how many of my peers will contract the disease?
This was the question that, regrettably, he could give a partial answer.
"Of the four doctors who have undergone training in hospital by Guy and who subsequently developed mesothelioma over the past five years," he said in a letter to the year 2010, "I survived".
How many of us will contract the disease?
Andrew Lousonu was diagnosed "mesothelioma", when he was 48 years old.
When he died, 17 February this year, he was 55.
Live so long is unusual.
Fifty percent of patients with mesothelioma die within 8 months after diagnosis.
It is always fatal.
So, now we can only repeat the question Lawson: "how many of us will contract this disease?"
According to a leading expert on mesothelioma in the uk, Professor Julian Pitot, most likely to assume that between 1970 and 2050 years when asbestos epidemic in the uk must change itself will die about 90000 people.
Most now are that they will die that way.
Asbestos mine in Quebec, Canada on Alamy
Quick view reports from the courtroom, where victims often seek compensation, shows how far spread to attack mesothelioma.
In June, for example, Marks & Spencer acknowledged that inadvertently subjected to Janice Ellen contact with asbestos.
She worked at the network for nine years, from 1978 to 1987, the leading divisions of clothing on two sites, one of which was the main store on Oxford Street.
Mrs. Ellen was only 18 years old when she began working at M&S.
Now she has two children over the age of 20 years.
"Before this happened," she says, "I have never heard of mesothelioma, I barely knew about the asbestos.
I never could come that this will affect me.
Few people really know a lot about asbestos.
In fact, asbestos is not a single substance, but a group of six minerals.
They get their name from the word "asbestiform", which means the fibrous structure that communicates strength and flexibility.
Of these six, three were often used in construction.
Chrysotile, commonly known as white asbestos, much more often than others found in buildings today.
It was used in the roofing panels, floor tiles, pipes, boiler insulation seams, even in car brake pads.
It is less deadly than other forms of asbestos, but still recognized by the European Union and the World Health Organization "a serious source of health", which can lead to death.
More dangerous, however, brown asbestos (amosite) and blue asbestos (crocidolite).
United Kingdom was once the largest importer of brown asbestos in the world, and experts suggest that "there is a strong, albeit circumstantial evidence that this is the main reason for the exceptionally high number of patients with mesothelioma [in the uk]."
Employee of Marks Spencer & asbestos was exposed in the main store on Oxford Street, London Alamy
Janice Ellen may have not thought of itself as a typical victim of mesothelioma, but Julian Pitot suggests that her story is not unusual.
He conducted a study of patients, which suggests that a "significant percentage of th, when there is no known exposure at work or at home, were most likely caused by exposure to asbestos from the environment".
Much of this impact, he says, is "ordinary use and the impact of the weather on our buildings.
No one, it seems, cannot be sure that he is safe.
Goddard Consulting report, which addressed the houses of Parliament, demonstrates how people, even in the heart of the Government, can be exposed unknowingly.
In 2009, Goddard stated that technical mine and the piping for the premises of the parliamentary committees were contaminated by asbestos fibres which, deadly to circulate something as innocuous as "strong air currents".
Members of Parliament are often accused of pursuing their own interests, but in this case it seems that the opposite is true.
Although the maintenance Department of the Parliament insisted that the Palace of Westminster was "pure sanitary certificate", now it's recognized that it is necessary to carry out work on the £ 1 billion for the reconstruction of the Parliament, having improved the electrician and removing asbestos, and that after the general elections in the year 2015, the members of Parliament will probably meet in Conference Centre of the QE2 nearby, not on the Green benches of Westminster.
The report Also noted that "the situation with asbestos are not administered under different rules."
It is impossible to know whether this error management to cost lives.
All you can do now is wait.
One of those who had not been able to identify your contact with asbestos, is Graham Abbott, a general practitioner.
As Andrew Lawson, Abbott, 50 years, suspects that he has been exposed to asbestos while working in hospitals.
"I worked in the hospital, which had been successfully claims related to asbestos," he says, "But I can't prove this in my case.
So it's hard to remember all the places where he worked and the dates.
He remembers clear, so this day in early December 2009, when his srazilo something that was like a flu.
He was 45 and he was in the middle of operations late in the evening.
Suddenly I began to decline.
It started very quickly.
I felt terrible.
I thought I wouldn't be able to drive all the way to the House.
Being a doctor, Abbott knew that pain comes from the pleura, the membrane around the lungs.
However, as Janice Ellen, he simply had no reason to suspect mesothelioma.
In the end, he could not go to work for a month.
Baffled doctors have done x-rays of the thorax and pleural catheters were placed to draw out the fluid from the lungs and send it for analysis.
And yet it ostavlos′ without a diagnosis.
Gradually his health condition has improved and he returned to work.
But from time to time, the same symptoms came back, often after he played sports and breathed heavily.
In 2011, one of Abbott's patients came to him in the waiting room with similar symptoms, and he was subsequently diagnosed "mesothelioma".
But even then, Abbott is not linked this with its own case.
In the end, his patient was decades older and worked with asbestos directly.
Communication in this case was obvious.
In September 2011, the Abbot had worsened again, and consulted his doctor revealed the results of a CT SCAN and x-rays of the team of specialists.
In December, 2011 year, exactly two years after Abbott began to feel ill, sensor-equipped camera, was introduced into the cavity between the skin of his chest and wrapped his arms.
I'm an optimist.
I usually just go on, "he says.
I'm not too worried about it, to be honest.
But Rachel, my wife was going through.
The result of the biopsy came during the week between Christmas and new year's Eve: "I was told that this mesothelioma."
Graham Abbott: diagnosed with mesothelioma
Suddenly Abbott plunged into meetings with Macmillan nurses, one of whom asked him to contact a lawyer.
It was then that he realized the scale of the epidemic.
"It turns out, asbestos was widely used, especially in large public buildings, where quite often had asbestos insulation on the pipes," he says.
People who were exposed to asbestos in these buildings, now become sick with the disease.
Thus, mesothelioma now infects younger people of atypical professions.
The most dangerous asbestos-insulated pipes in hospitals were in the basement, so it is unlikely that the affected patients.
But many employees involved in the pedestrian tunnels to get from one building to another (as Andrew Lawson), or eaten in the basement dining rooms (how often did Graham Abbott) almost certainly really were exposed to toxic substances.
For several decades after the war, it turns out, the hospital was a place where, theoretically, saved life pocientov, but for a place that was a threat to the life of the doctors who treated them.
It still continues to delete today.
Students have their asbestos on the Bunsen burner stand
And it's not just hospitals.
Asbestos was used in offices, shops, libraries and town halls because of its amazing insulating and fire-resistant characteristics.
The school too.
Indeed, many for the first time likely were exposed to asbestos in the classroom.
Across the country, countless lessons of chemistry, pupils have their asbestos on the Bunsen burner stand.
There were websites that turn attention to the problem of asbestos in schools.
Meanwhile, in our homes, these harmless things like tile floor or roof sheds usually contained asbestos.
"It's an industrial poison put in a huge amount of our buildings," said Andrew Morgan, a lawyer who has represented Andrew Lawson in the case against the hospital in Gaya.
In one case, the only contact that could remember the sick woman was the demolition of a garden shed in the 1970 's.
So be careful, removing many of the garden sheds.
Effect of diagnosis, where it is known that the disease is incurable, is huge.
"To realize this takes quite a long time," said Graham Abbott.
I'm back at work and tried to continue, but realized that I couldn't concentrate on what I'm doing.
I was in surgery for two weeks.
Then I realized that I would have to go away and deal with them.
Well, I am no longer meet Christmas
One of the most difficult things was the transition from doctor to patient.
As countless patients before him, he remembers, was baffled by the amount of information that needs to be taken.
"It was difficult for all to understand," he says.
"I asked my doctor how much I have time?"
I have about 12 months.
I remember how I thought, "well, I'm no longer meet Christmas.
"That's all".
Mesothelioma is a particularly dangerous, as it is the mechanics of how we support life-the very act of breathing causes cancer, that kills.
The majority of mesothelioma cases are caused by exposure to asbestos.
Asbestos is made up of tiny fibers.
When asbestos fibers are inhaled and is destroyed, they can get stuck in the pleura, the lung.
Asbestos fibers are irritating the pleura and may cause mutations in cells.
"The problem arises due to the inhalation of asbestos fibers, needle", Professor Tom Treasure, kardiotorakal′nyj surgeon who came in 2001 year in hospital Gaya.
Is the Hospital where suspect Andrew Lawson, he has been exposed to asbestos, now, ironically, a leading centre for the treatment of mesothelioma.
Al knew Lawson and treated some of the others who probably has been exposed, the training in the hospital.
When the needle enters the fabric of asbestos lung, said Treasure, "the breath of their pushes out to the periphery, where is the shell.
It is, at its core, the invasive process from the very beginning.
Conventional treatment options for other forms of cancer are much less effective in mesothelioma.
The effectiveness of surgical intervention, for example, causes heated arguments.
Some think that it's worth a try.
Treasure does not agree.
"You cannot cut the pleura," he says.
You can't get down around her with a knife.
Meanwhile, this cancer is "not very well to chemotherapy" that "works", but not a cure.
"From time to time there are sick people who live a long time," says Treasure.
But in the end, they all die.
Fortunately, some patients live much, much longer than expected.
Writer Stephen Jay Gould died 20 years after I was diagnosed.
Two and a half years after diagnosis, Graham Abbott continues the battle.
After he contracted mesothelioma, Abbott was introduced to Andrew Lawson, who, four years after diagnosis, single-handedly turned into Office support and advice for patients.
"Hello Central, a cancer," he said cheerfully when they called.
"He was very positive," said Abbott.
He was diagnosed 4 years ago and it is still very energetic.
First, Abbott offered six cycles of chemotherapy, which would take four months and extended it to life just for a month.
"I was desperate," he says.
I wanted to give up.
Lawson, however, "has managed to give the somewhat more positive tone".
Meeting with several specialists, Abbott decided to continue treatment with Prof. Loic Lange-Lazdunski, Professor of thoracic surgery at the Hospital of Gaius.
"We had an advantage in that I didn't have to direct, I just called them and they took me," admits Graham.
The average patient would get a referral and approval for funding.
Money plays a crucial role for patients with mesothelioma to get the best out of the available treatments.
However, when such treatment is finally bound to prove ineffective, many patients are faced with another financial concern-the future of families, they will leave.
And then they turn to the courts for compensation.
Andrew Lawson contacted Andrew Morgan of Field Fisher Waterhouse LLP.
"It was known that asbestos is harmful to health, from 1898 onwards," said Morgan.
But that changed in the 1960 's, is that it became clear that even very small amounts can put health at risk.
It was bad faith on the part of companies.
Andrew Lawson and Guy's Hospital, eventually settled the case, but it was not the "settlement for the full value," according to Morgan, because Lawson was unable to unequivocally prove that it was the result of mesothelioma asbestos exposure at Gaya.
After investigating his death, hospital spokesman Guy still confirmed, however, that "the asbestos in the basement in question, was removed in the 1990 's".
It was too late for Andrew Lawson.
How to remove asbestos
In fact, tie the deadly contact with asbestos from one company or workplace-usually through dozens of years after that, it was a big problem for patients with mesothelioma, seeking compensation.
Many of their former employers changed their owner or shut down.
Insurance archives were lost.
And those who are protected from lawsuits, knows that time is on their side, which the plaintiffs, of course not.
In response this year came out strong new laws that make it easier for patients with mesothelioma the process of recovery, even if their former employer cannot be traced.
In accordance with the law, was created by £ 350 million Fund, financed by the insurance industry, for those who were diagnosed after July 2012 year and who can prove exposure but who have no one to sue.
In such cases, patients will receive 80 percent of the amount that the Court could award in the normal case the compensation is about £120000.
About 300 successful claims under this scheme it is expected each year.
Andrew Morgan, like many who work with patients with mesothelioma, believes that the £ 350 million are "very good work" for the insurance industry.
"This deal, written by insurers for insurers," he says, hinting that the sum is a quarter of what the insurers would have to pay if it were not for the intervention of time and patients with mesothelioma have been able to track down the company and file a lawsuit in the normal way.
Even Mike Penning, previously Minister for work and pensions, acknowledged that the law "is not perfect".
However, Penning, and Morgan recognized that, with seven people dying every day, quick action was needed.
"People are suffering so much and they need help now," said penning, during the second reading of the Bill on mesothelioma last December.
By the time Graham Abbott was in the hands of the professors ' Lange-Lazdunski 19 months.
After initial consultations Lange-Lazdunski recommended surgical intervention, which, unlike Tom Trežera, he found effective.
This was followed by radiotherapy and chemotherapy-triterapiâ, in which Lange-Lazdunski boasts a whole 40 percent of survivors in five years.
Abbott felt a burst of energy.
"That, of course, is one of the most important things," said Abbott.
You see it in the patients all the time.
There is some force that sustains you.
Where hast thou yielded, the condition can worsen very quickly.
Graham Abbott underwent surgery in March 2012 year.
By the end of August, he finished last of the six cycles of chemotherapy.
Subsequent scan showed no trace of the disease.
Then I did a scan in March [2014] years.
There were several spots [cancer] in my chest.
I just had to be at least 50.
This is not a threat to life.
This is the end of life.
And again Abbott has been through six cycles of chemotherapy.
Now there is no trace of cancer.
This process, however, both physically and emotionally heavy.
You can think about practical things-about finances when I die, for example, or to show my wife how to operate the timer on the boiler.
When you get bad news become bleak.
You need to look forward.
As the father of Ellie, 16 years old, and Tèmzin, 14 years old, it is not always easy.
"It's hard for a parent," he says.
Hard to figure out what to say and how much to say.
When I was first diagnosed, I told the girls that I have a disease which means that I won't live to see old age.
They have reacted very differently.
Tèmzin is a very outgoing and energetic.
She told all their friends, and we very quickly got a lot.
Ellie was more restrained.
She did not speak much.
Such conversations are something that have to face all the cancer patients.
But for patients with mesothelioma such discussions are not balanced by the hope of even a glimmer of possibility to survive.
The disease brings (even as, eventually, for Stephen Jay Gould) grim certainty.
Andrew Morgan says, "mesothelioma is not a threat to life.
The body nabal′zamirovannyh the Pharaohs wrapped in asbestos cloth.
Asbestos fibers are used to strengthen the pans and heat resistance.
Pliny the elder describes the asbestos.
Now invented a canvas that does not ignite.
I have seen it made napkins, smoldering in the fireplace at banquets
Modern commercial use of asbestos begins in Italy, where it is used for the manufacture of paper (even banknotes) and tissues.
Major asbestos mines in Canada and South Africa and shortly thereafter in America, Italy and Russia.
This is a perfect thermal insulator for steam engines and turbines of the industrial revolution.
Global production of asbestos has more than 30000 tons per year.
Statistics from the Prudential reveal premature death among those working with asbestos and which therefore denied life insurance.
Nelly Kershaw died in Rochdale.
Dr. William Cook indicates that asbestos particles in the lung "were, without a doubt, the main cause of death."
This is the first case of this type.
Employers Kershaw, Turner Bros Asbestos do not recognize responsibility.
Compensation is not payable.
During the second world war rapidly developing shipbuilding, one of the most dangerous professions in terms of exposure to asbestos.
A voluntary industry ban on the import of blue asbestos
Court of Appeal confirms first successful lawsuit about the harm to health caused by exposure to asbestos, in the uk.
Global production of asbestos grows to more than 4213000 tons per year.
United Kingdom imports 139000 tons.
The Executive Committee of the health and Safety Executive in the uk requires all contractors working with asbestos, got a license.
The import and use of blue and brown asbestos is prohibited by law in the uk.
All use of asbestos is banned in Britain.
The Mesothelioma adopted in the uk.
The scheme of compensation in the amount of £ 350 million is declared.
Asbestos is banned in more than 50 countries, but white asbestos is still used in low-cost building materials in many parts of the world.
World production is about 2 million tons a year.
China refuses to give Hong Kong the right to choose leaders; protesters vow to take revenge
China's Parliament decided on Sunday not to allow Hong Kong voters to nominate candidates for election by 2017, despite growing demands for democratic reform.
Such a move, likely will mark the beginning of a long-promised protests in the business district of Hong Kong, as the activists began planning and mobilization in a matter of hours after the statement.
The decision of the national people's Congress, in essence, allows the Communist leaders put all candidates who are not loyal to Beijing.
"It's not fooled by our expectations, but still infuriating," said legislator Emily LAU, Chairman of the Democratic Party.
It's not that Beijing promised.
They deceived the people of Hong Kong.
And it is clear that we are dealing with an authoritarian regime.
Defending the decision of China, Li Fei, Deputy Secretary-General of the Standing Committee of the national people's Congress, said that to allow a national to the election of the head of Hong Kong would be too "chaotic".
Since 1997, when the United Kingdom transferred control over Hong Kong back to China, Beijing has promised to let the people of the region to choose by vote, the head of the Government, starting from 2017 onwards.
Chinese leaders have adopted on Sunday a decision as a democratic step forward since it gives gonkongcam the right to direct vote; but the decision also makes clear that the Chinese leaders will continue to hold the process in the hands of the Commission on the nomination of candidates, the tightly controlled from Beijing.
And, according to the new article, only those candidates who "love the country and love Hong Kong S.A.R." will be admitted.
The decision was made after the summer, when some of the most extensive and well-publicized protests in Hong Kong over the years.
For a great part of the pro-democracy campaign in Hong Kong worth Occupy Central With Love and Peace, whose organizers have threatened to cut off the financial district of Hong Kong, if Beijing does not guarantee of universal suffrage.
On Sunday evening, a few hours after the announcement, hundreds of supporters gathered in the rain to Central Occupy in front of the headquarters of the Hong Kong Government.
The organizers of the demonstration said their movement shifts to a new phase of civil disobedience and that they will rise to waves of protest in the following weeks.
However, they did not report the details, obviously, in order to avoid problems with the authorities.
In an online statement, the organisers reported that obdumyvalo the ability to capture the Central only as an exceptional measure, the action that can be taken only if all possibilities for dialogue have been exhausted and there is no other choice.
It is with great regret that we inform you that all the possibilities for dialogue have been exhausted and the capture of the Central District will be held.
Authorities in Hong Kong have been preparing for Beijing's statement a few days, and on Sunday at the headquarters of the Government security measures have been strengthened with the assistance of police and barricades.
The unrest is the feeling among many in Hong Kong that they slowly lose control over their own city.
The influx of residents from the Mainland increases competition in the field of goods and services.
Also growing fear that the values of Hong Kong, such as democracy and freedom of speech, are beginning to weaken under increasing pressure from Beijing.
Some criticize Occupy Central, saying that his demonstrations endanger business-the lifeblood of Hong Kong.
"Protest, which they say could lead to great economic damage, depending on how many people will be involved and for how long," said legislator Regina IP, which has long been critical of the movement.
We don't want to spread anxiety that Hong Kong S.A.R. is getting out of control.
This view, which is bad for investment.
Chinese State media also gave commentaries in recent days in which the Hong Kong activists of the democratic movement have been shown by saboteurs, spearheaded by the Western powers.
This summer, activists organized an unofficial referendum on electoral law, which drew 780000 participants-more than one fifth of the voters in Hong Kong.
And in July, tens of thousands came out to one of the largest pro-democracy demonstrations in the history of the region.
American culture graduations comes to University life: freshmen invited to arrive by private plane
We are pleased to respond to this demand by launching the uk's first service trips category "Lux" for current students.
To leave a striking impression on arrival at University, the company also offers options such as private jet transportation, Rolls-Royce Phantom, Aston Martin or McLaren P1.
Mr Stewart also stated that service thought of security.
This service is an ideal alternative for students who normally have to carry their belongings across the country in a dangerous overload of the machine.
In combination with our new options for VIF, we look forward to seeing how this year's students will travel to the University with minimum effort and maximum luxury.
A company spokesman said that, since the service has just started, the orders had not yet been received, but added that "students will enjoy this service in the next few weeks."
The company also said that despite the fact that the students need to pay £9000 per year, she still hopes to find a market for this service.
Current students are quite different from students 10, 20, 30 or 40 years ago with regard to expectations and hopes: more important than ever to make a great first impression, and VIF-exactly what you need.
However, the National Union of students criticized the service how divorced from reality.
Megan Dunn, Vice President of the NCC on higher education, said: "this project seems incredibly detached from the life of most students.
Many students, who this month will begin their studies in the University faced crises in the cost of living, when the available financial support in the form of loans and grants do not follow the soaring costs of basic needs before they can start thinking about how to take out thousands of pounds on something like a simple arrival at the hostel.
Feminists raised the issue of race and police conduct after Ferguson
An unarmed teenager was killed by a police officer in Ferguson, Missouri, earlier this month.
Who raise their hands, chanting: "hands up, don't shoot" while they wait in the queue before burial.
After two weeks of protests in Ferguson, Missouri, murder an unarmed teenager Michael Brown, Blogger Miriam Zoila Pérez noticed a shift in the online conversation among white feminists.
In her experience, white feminists, ostavlâvšie comments, putting gender above race, when it came to promoting reproductive rights and income inequality.
However, as the tension grew in the Midwest and has attracted nationwide attention, Perez saw the responses of white women who are 100 per cent focused on the race.
Compared with black women shortly after the assassination of 9 August, personal essays with such headlines as "think about Ferguson on behalf of white women" and "Feminism is not just about the oppression of women" appeared relatively late.
But Perez they demonstrated a significant shift.
"In feminism, I don't think there are many people that talk about white skin and privileges at such a high level," she said.
People felt the need to say something about what has happened.
It's very symbolic for the crisis we face, and because (the situation in Ferguson) is so tied to race, they felt the need to point out.
For the Professor of English at the Ohio State University Kority Mitchell Ferguson laid bare the problems of black Americans face every day, but which are not perceived as "women's issues" in the cultural sphere.
"I can write something funny in Facebook about what happens to me and my partner, and get 150 people from everywhere," said Mitchell.
When I write something about how colored people are under attack in his own country, the silence stuns.
"Why women safely to speak publicly about the relationship, but not about the safety of the public sphere?", she asks.
For black women, like Mitchell, who studied the issues of race, gender, and sexuality in the history of the United States, there is no dichotomy between the issues of race and gender.
In her view, black women are in a position to clearly separate these problems; they are faced with a complex reality every day.
While white women now are issues of race and gender in the feminist mainstream, Angel Hètteri, Professor of women's and gender studies at George Mason University, said that their predecessors have done the opposite.
"Between 1865 and 1890 years lynched at least 10000 black men, and the reason that almost always was the rape of a white woman," said Hètteri.
Needed a white woman, confirming the story to justify the lynching.
From the point of view of Hètteri, the gap between white and black women occurred when white suffragettes such as Susan b. Anthony studied the situation in the late 1800 's and saw that the struggle for suffrage will only be effective for one group: women or blacks.
"They have decided to put all the eggs in the basket of voting rights for women, and voting rights for blacks was to appear later," said Hètteri.
A look back at this kind of thing gives us a clear idea of why women of color do not trust white women.
We didn't do any good.
We have never assisted black women protect their husbands and sons.
Even when women have the right to vote in 1920 year, took ten years to white women United against lynchings in the Southern women's Association to prevent lynchings.
This group appeared almost 40 years after black women for the first time asked for assistance, said Mitchell.
From the point of view of Mitchell, the rise of white feminists on reactions concerns the situation in Ferguson, police behavior, racial discrimination reflects a time when white feministkam had to "catch up" the problems black women coped in several generations.
"Wouldn't it be great if the activists who have such [traditional feminist] ideology, just lightly to the right to bring up the child as they relate to the right to contraception?," asked Mitchell.
Second-wave feminists who made a career in the fight for reproductive rights and access to contraceptives, are now beginning to understand what it means.
A well-known activist of the feminist movement, Gloria White Stajnem two weeks after the assassination of Michael Brown took advantage of Fejsbukom and published sharp kolumnistki Guardian article by Rebecca Carroll, which demanded that white Americans have more participation in the protests on racism.
"I hope that women who have a different, but similar reason to understand the danger of the body, and in terms of the racial problems, which differ significantly in surveys of the public-will be at the head of change," wrote Stajnem.
Although Stajnem vouched for more intersects feminism, which includes issues of race and gender, her comments about race in America still surprise some.
American Enterprise Institute Scholar Christina Sommers, author of "who stole feminism?", She told The People that the young men in the United States, especially the young people of color, "is much more vulnerable than their sisters, but the remarks of Stajnem Ferguson contrary to criticism, which it had previously.
Now we have hundreds of special programmes for girls and young women, but almost nothing for the boys.
However, when the White House recently initiated a small program, "my brother's keeper" to help vulnerable black and Hispanics, young people, followed an angry reaction from many feminists, including Gloria Stajnem.
Police relations with the black community is not the only problem, providing front line of traditional feminism.
After the United States border guards arrested about 63000 unaccompanied minors on the South-western border of the country this year, immigration reform again came out on top, this time as a women's problem.
Andrea Mercado, co-Chairman of We Belong Together, an organization that mobilizes women in support of immigration reform, said that in order to file this issue as important for women, she had to just share stories of immigrant women.
"They speak for themselves," said Mercado.
When the vast majority of work visas are issued [immigrant men], women who come with them, find themselves in a position to be vulnerable to violence and exploitation.
"These stories have resonated with women's organizations," she said.
Ipsvičskij House with a pig "for sale
Picture House, set for sale in Suffolk, the real estate agents has been removed, when it turned out that it shows a big pig, resting in the living room.
Offered for sale for £120000, separate one-bedroom House is on a private road in Ipswich.
A detailed description of the different photo living room at home-which depicts a pig with the head resting on the couch.
Real estate agency Connells reported that pig on photography-pet owner's home.
"However, the picture was posted in error and has been removed," said a company spokesman.
In the detailed description of the House, former home of the Assembly described the Connells as "unique one bedroom Detached House".
Though the Agency has removed the photo from its Web site, it still exists in the promotional materials.
House for sale sparked interest in social networks, where some were asked whether pig is sold together with the House.
Russian tennis player Maria Sharapova, in the match of the fourth round of the US Open went to Caroline Wozniacki, is of the view that it lacks stability.
According to her, she wants to end the year and try to get to a new level, reports from New York Vasily OSIPOV.
As you evaluate your overall results at the Grand Slam tennis tournaments this year?
Of course, I'm glad I was able to win at Roland Garros.
As for the other three tournaments, then I did not have enough stability, especially in the endings of some matches.
Now I'm certainly frustrated.
It has not been able to reach even up to quarterfinals.
The tasks set for yourself for the rest of the season?
After the disappointing defeat, I have a huge motivation to reach a new level.
I have work to do, and I'm going to do everything possible to end the year.
Asian tournament series begins in a couple of weeks.
Member of the State Duma Committee on physical culture, sport and Youth Affairs, former world champion Nikolai Valuev has proposed for implementation of the TRP to give bonuses to enroll in universities.
According to him, the total requirements would be the same as during the Soviet era, the people will take the regulations for lifting, running and other exercises.
It will introduce the subjects of Russia 12 from 1 September the TRP regulations.
Also I offered to students who have passed the GTO, giving bonuses for admission to institutions of higher education, said Valuev.
For example, you can add them a little points to EGE.
There are also proposals to provide additional output workers who have passed the sport test.
In Harvey in South Wales has a new millionaire after winning the lottery
Lottery player from Harvey this month.
Search new millionaire in the South West of Perth, where one lucky winner will take home nearly $ 1.1 million from the lottery Saturday night.
Newsstand in Harvey brings the Gold Prize in the draw for the second time in five years, last winning amounted to $ 1 million in November 2009 year.
However, the lucky winner of the still need to assert themselves.
Shopkeeper Steve Forward said the win caused a stir in the small town southwest of Perth.
The whole town is talking about it, and all quite excited.
We thought that such a win would be by secret ballot.
Eight winners from the Western Australia celebrated winning the main prize last month, noting the completion of several successful weeks for players in the State.
Last week the player from Canning Vale has become one of the five millionaires August, following a huge $ 7.5-million winning couples from the Belmont in just a few weeks before that.
The winning couple played for twenty years and reported that the win gave them the opportunity to travel the world and buy a new home.
Millionaire from Harvey brings the number of winning the Grand Prize in Western Australia to 59 this year, with total winnings of $ 85 million.
The Ministry wants to accelerate the growth of the market for electric vehicles
This week, the Ministry of economic development will make to the Government a comprehensive plan for the development of environmentally sustainable transport in Russia, told Deputy Director of Department Oleg Pluzhnikov at the round table, conducted a "Bill" at the Moscow Motor Show-2014.
A plan drawn up on behalf of the Government, one of the main objectives of reducing greenhouse gas emissions.
It is expected that the document will be adopted in late September and early October, said Pluzhnikov, the proposed arrangements relating to electric and hybrid vehicle development plan on gazomotornom fuel in Russia is already there.
Plan (a copy of the "Statements") for 2014-2017 timeframe.
To develop criteria for evaluating electric and hybrid vehicles, and decide how to encourage the use and production of environmentally friendly vehicles.
Report to the Government, describing the tax and customs measures to support electric, will be prepared by December 2014, g.; concessional and preferential scheme of leasing will appear by April 2015, g.; a proposal to reduce the prices of cars, promotion of localization and establishing a service infrastructure will be developed by October 2015, 2010.
In 2014-2015 timeframe. you want to make changes in laws and regulations, to facilitate conditions for the establishment of a charging infrastructure (in parking lots, gas stations, etc.).
In addition, federal officials intend for 2015, the articulate regional authorities offers to those also stimulated the use of environmentally friendly transport, in the form of provision of benefits when driving and parking, for example; and by February 2016 г.-and proposals to increase the procurement of such vehicles.
Finally, the Ministry already by October 2014, the list of indicators in assessing the activities of the regional authorities criteria as efficiency in support of environmentally sustainable transport, development of charging infrastructure.
The market for electric vehicles in Russia, only formed in 2013, 2005 throughout the country sold about 100 electric vehicles.
At the beginning of 2014, the reset import duty on cars, so the sale will be approximately 500 pieces, predicts Chief Executive Officer of Mitsubishi Motors in Russia Andrew Pankov.
But five-time growth does not make electric cars much visible: in 2013, in Russia, according to the Association of European business, sold to 2.78 million passenger cars and light commercial vehicles.
While in Russia, electric cars imports only of Mitsubishi Motors.
Start the import is Renault-the company focuses primarily on corporate customers, said Director of strategic planning and partnerships, Renault in Russia Nicolas Shafts.
Most of the other manufacturers of electrical transport took a wait-and-see attitude toward Russia.
The development of electric vehicles and the Russian manufacturers "," gas "," but the issue is miserable.
For example, in January-July, 2014, according to "asm-holding, AvtoVAZ has produced 30 electric vehicles.
Demand is low because of the high cost of electric vehicles, the Director of "Autovaz" engineering Sergei Amanov, without State support the breakthrough in this segment will not ....
Development of the Russian market of electric vehicles in addition to the high cost of cars (the cars that are sold in Russia, on average twice as much analogues with internal combustion engines) constrains the lack of charging infrastructure (refills-units), sighs the Director "Avtostata" Sergej Pillars.
Because of the high cost and low rates reduce the cost of electric cars in the next 3-4 years will remain a niche segment of the Russian market, predicts Chief Editor "Autoreview" Michael Decisiveness, Pillars with it agrees.
In contrast, the automakers say some models of electric vehicles are already close to the cost of conventional.
The Russian market of electric vehicles a good prospect, the main thing is to give confidence to consumers that "electric mobility" is real; This, in particular, will contribute to the emergence of new charging stations, stressed the President of BMW Russia Wolfgang Šlimme.
Such infrastructure projects, for example, the State company implements "Rosseti": Moscow has built several stations, soon will have about 80.
Talks on the construction of network stations are under way with other regions.
According to the Director of the Department "Rossetej" Vladimir Sofina, company believes the market for electric vehicles and is ready to build gas stations across the country, but there are problems: a small number of electric cars in the country and the lack of a single standard for charging electric vehicles of various brands.
In addition, "Rosseti" as network, the company did not have the right to sell electricity, the possibility of doing it for charging electric vehicles.
Pankow said the most effective measure of State support for Russian market for electric generation zero customs duties.
The zero rate will apply until the end of 2014, the possibility of its prolongation, extension of the grace the list.
Replacement vehicle tax on the environment (the idea is discussed and applied to all machines) also supported the market, but not as noticeably as customs preferences, said Pankov.
Transport tax in Russia is small, said Pankov, unlike, for example, from Norway, where tax reduction resulted in a sharp increase in sales of electric vehicles now account for 12% of the market.
In Russia the need and incentives for car owners, such as free parking in the Centre of the city (as is already done in Moscow), confident Punks, or the possibility of movement of electric vehicles on dedicated lanes, of which Russia is not yet available.
A private plane crashed in Colorado
The single-engine Piper PA-46 aircraft crashed in the u.s. State of Colorado.
Three of the five people in it were killed, ITAR-TASS reported.
Survivors taken to hospital.
The accident occurred a few kilometers from the runway of the airport of the city of Denver.
There are reasons for the tragedy.
In the Donetsk oblast are prisoners "Donbass" battalion of militia.
Punishers surrounded by Ilovajskom.
They were betrayed by their own commanders, and dozens of security officials were killed under fire.
Those who survived, they say that if they knew what was in fact the situation in southeastern Ukraine, would not fight.
108 prisoners are the lucky ones.
The effaceurs soldiers from the battalion "Donbass" remain alive after the "meat grinder", in which they fell under the Ilovajskom.
Surrounded by an army of the people's Republic of the Donetsk spent several days, virtually abandoned by their commanders and authorities of Ukraine.
When the headquarters was informed that from the "ring" can be found on the allegedly supplied corridor, the column moved.
But in just a couple of minutes from all sides zasvisteli shells and bullets.
"Judging from the information which I have given, we had a corridor, we were allowed to go out," said acting Deputy Battalion Commander, has the call sign "Lermontov".
And when we're between Mnogopol′em and Červonosel′skim went down in a low-lying field, began cross-fire with anti-tank guided missiles, with "zušek", milimetrovyh-30 grenade launcher, automatic gun BMD, small arms.
Ahead of me were four cars and three at the back, in the end, there are only two machines.
Officer with the callsign "Lermontov" says almost immediately at least 60 people were killed, dozens were injured, many have died then.
Surviving militants now provide medical assistance to those they came to kill.
Now they are surprised that the so-called "terrorists" treated them well, give food, medicine.
While their own commanders actually cheated them and doomed to certain death.
We have betrayed the just, they say.
Column, the entire battalion to be destroyed.
The battalion "Donbass", like many of his comrades, Alexei went as a volunteer in the Ukrainian News told about atrocities that allegedly put on the South-East of "separatists".
Already here, Ken saw a very different picture.
His mother was killed in Lugansk-and not to anyone, and the Ukrainian military.
A friend called and told me that a mortar attack that most likely is the Ukrainian armed forces, says one soldier, Alexei.
I then wanted to get away from the battalion.
We didn't let the Ilovaisk, said we are in the ring.
I fixed it already with the Commander, the report has already written about caring.
Us with Zurahovo charges immediately was taken in Ilovays'k.
According to the prisoners, "cauldron", under the Ilovajskom stuck people 300-350.
Now, some surviving admit if you could turn back time, a punitive battalion they would never take.
All prisoners the militia handed over to law enforcement officers of DND.
Each check for involvement in war crimes.
In the region established on cutting food prices
In the Krasnoyarsk region established headquarters, which will limit price increases for products on the market in the region.
Decree on the establishment of this structure has already been signed.
The staff includes members of the Government of the region, representatives of the Executive and supervisory departments.
Together, they will monitor the prices of agricultural products in the province.
Lead Economics ― whether Kiev will reimburse the Rosneft $ 140 million loss?
Rosneft Chairman Igor Sechin said the company estimates the damage from the bombardment of the Lisichansk oil refinery in Ukraine at $ 140 million.
He said this in an interview to Spiegel.
"We estimate the damage at $ 140 million and will negotiate with the Ukrainian Government for compensation," Sechin said.
According to him, the commissioning of the upgraded by the Lisichansk oil refinery was planned in 2014 g.
However, part of the factory was destroyed by Ukrainian artillery.
"There was no fighting, there was" entrenched insurgents, "but the Ukrainian artillery had destroyed part of the industrial facility.
In addition, technological oil, zakačannaâ disappeared in the pipes, "he said.
Recall, 18 July, in connection with the firing of the Lisichansk oil refinery burned oil storage tank and destroyed two warehouses.
The Lisichansk oil refinery is a major oil refinery in Ukraine, first turn the enterprise was put into operation in October, 1976.
The total capacity of the Lisichansk oil refinery is about 7 million tons of crude oil a year.
The plant is capable of producing fuel standard "Euro-4", as well as a lot of diesel fuel standard "Euro 5".
In March, 2012. oil supplies to Linos were suspended due to its unprofitability.
The company decided to start repairs.
A year later, Rosneft received the Lisichansk oil refinery, together with other Ukrainian assets of TNK-BP.
The DPRK launched a short-range missile towards the sea of Japan.
South Korean MEDIA report, it happened around 10:30 am local time on the part of the provinces of Chagang, which is on the border of North Korea and China.
As "Interfax" was told in the Joint Committee of the chiefs of staff of South Korea, presumably, the rocket fell into the sea of Japan after flying about 220 kilometers.
Ruble falls amid geopolitical pressure
On the Moscow stock exchange the dollar rose at the opening of the CPC 3. up to $ 37.15, the ruble fell to the bi-currency basket against the backdrop of geopolitical tensions.
Trades on ETS in the u.s. started transactions within 37.11 -37.2 rubles/$ 1, an average of two minutes rate recorded at 37,16 rubles/$ 1, so at 4 kopecks. above the previous closing.
The euro stood at 48,79 rub. for 1 euro, at 3 kopecks. above the previous closing.
The bi-currency basket price added 3.5 CPC. and amounted to $ 42,395
United States dollar is trading at 23 kopecks. above the official exchange rate, the euro-at 16 kopecks. above the official rate.
Russia on Friday, 29 August, continued its rapid decline, but the panic this time were observed.
Continued its cheaper and the ruble and even updated its historical maximum to the dollar.
Now investors are already in advance WINS worsening geopolitical situation and possible new sanctions on Russia.
However, it's more like a faux hysteria, that might have through the media, especially the West.
Options for the new sanctions to RUSSIA not so much.
Teletrade "at the opening of the Moscow stock exchange ruble continues to decline sharply against the bi-currency basket.
Geopolitical background remains the determining factor.
However, if in the near future we will not see a new negative, and Russian indices, and the position of the national currency may be corrected.
"Orenburg Airlines" will sue "ideal round"
"Orenburg Airlines" were "ideal tour" claims for a total of 4.7 billion dollars.
It is about the two cases, the meeting which will be held in October.
Different judges will hear cases.
As "Interfax", the first lawsuit was filed Aug. 14.
It is little more than 425 million rubles.
The meeting is scheduled for October 7.
The second statement was filed on 18 August.
The amount of 4.24 billion rubles.
The meeting is scheduled for October 2.
According to journalists in the Russian travel industry Union, judge assigned different.
In July, the mass media spread information about debts "ideal tour" before "the Orenburg aviliniâmi" in the amount of 1.5 billion rubles.
Airline ceo Victor Zyukin said the amount of 1.6 billion rubles.
General Director of "Aeroflot" Vitaly Saveliev calls a large amount to two billion rubles.
Twitter tried to become more attractive to new users
Microblogging service Twitter has changed the process of registering users to engage new participants in active engagement with the platform.
This should reduce the number of zabrosivših their Microblogs people.
Now, new Twitter users will view when a large number of rekommendovannyh service accounts to immediately draw up its range of reading.
The recommendations are based on the register of interests.
The Twitter automatically sets the tick to subscribe for all the selected user accounts automatically.
Because of this, the user will have to manually remove the check mark to not read those who are not interested in him.
Previously, users of the microblogging service only saw avatar recommended users, Twitter now displays a sample of one of the most popular tweets blogger to help gain an impression of the man.
This is the biggest change in the registration page of Twitter over the past three years.
Recently, Twitter is working on upgrades to the service.
This activity involves, above all, the continuing efforts to achieve a break-even service.
In 2014, the microblogging service has faced slower growth in user base and activity falling readership.
The company desperately needs more loyal resource consumers who visit once, would remain for a long time.
This is the only way to ensure a steady stream of advertising funds.
Knowledge day in Moscow will be zâbkim and rainy
The first of September in Moscow region throughout the day is cool and rainy, according to meteorologists.
Temperatures in Moscow will be from 16 to 18 degrees, in the Moscow region-13-18 degrees.
When the cloud fog weather sometimes rains, wind East quarter will be quite weak, only 3-8 meters per second.
Car recycling program resumed with 1 September
From 1 September in Russia resumes car recycling program.
Prior to the December 31, 2014 year for these purposes will be allocated 10 billion rubles.
As the head of the Ministry of the RUSSIAN FEDERATION Denis Manturov, money is allocated from the limits that have already reported to the Ministry of industry and trade of the Russian Federation through redeployment from other areas of support.
The program will affect all vehicles over six years old.
The amount of the refund shall be from 40 thousand per car: up to 350 thousand rubles for freight.
Earlier Russia has operated a similar recycling program cars.
The main difference of the current draft, the Minister explained, is that now not only recycling machines to receive further discounts, but if the vehicle has reached the age of six years, buy a new one at a discount at the time of the old in the "trade-in" dealer, reports "Interfax".
To the previous federal recycling program, in effect since January 1, 2010 to December 31, 2011 year was spent more than 16 billion rubles.
Thanks to her, the level of passenger car production in the year 2010 amounted to about 1.2 million pieces (this plus 101.4% compared to 2009 year).
The creator of Coming Out of the game will release the Simulator of modern journalism
Nikki Case, game designer known for his Coming-out game Simulator decided to release a game about modern journalism.
He spoke about his project in an interview with the Kill Screen.
Case began working on the game a few weeks ago, but widely known this was only now.
A source of inspiration for the game became an event in Ferguson, where now there are protests, which began after police killed an unarmed black teenager.
The focus of the draft, which does not yet have a name, will be how coverage of stories affected their consequences.
Hero games, civic journalist will need to photograph what happens in areas where there have been clashes between the police and the public.
The hero can take a picture of the different events that will affect the course of events.
If he withdraws the scene so that the police will look like heroes, and protesters-police begin better gangsters to be allowed to go where the average person can not pass.
If it will cover events differently, his pictures can turn peaceful protests into massive riots.
Points in the game you will gain by using Twitter hero, in which there will be new subscribers, if laid out there photos will prove popular.
The game does not yet have a name.
Release date and platforms on which it appears, is unknown.
Case, however, has posted a picture that demonstrates how the event might change depending on how it is made and processed photograph of him.
In an interview with the Kill Screen Case explained that he was mulling over the concept of this game quite a while ago, but originally wanted to devote her protests in United States and events in the Gaza Strip.
After he began collecting material for games, game designer realized that he lacks the knowledge and skills to illuminate the history of the region.
But when he saw media coverage of the events in Ferguson, he decided to make a game based on the incident.
Nikki Case is an independent developer, which releases browser games.
His best known project was the Coming-out Simulator, released in the year 2014.
This game, which tells about the events of the biography the case study focused on how bisexual teen tries to tell about their relationship gomofobnym parents.
Geletej draws Ukraine in continued bloodshed
To prepare for the next "tens of thousands" of victims, Minister of defence of Ukraine Valeriy Geletej pulls people in continuing the bloody standoff, the RUSSIAN FOREIGN MINISTRY said in a statement.
"In Moscow, of course, drew attention to the statements of the heads of the Ukrainian Defense Ministry Valery assigning V.geletey instead, saying that" when the operation to liberate the Eastern Ukraine from the terrorists "and the beginning of" the great patriotic war, the loss of which would amount to "tens of thousands".
The adequacy of the head of the military Department of Ukraine, published on his Facebook page the post-subject research specialists not in the military field, "the statement said Russian diplomats.
They could hardly believe that such statements may belong to the Defence Minister of a civilized State.
On his Facebook page posted by the Minister of defence of Ukraine on Monday: "through unofficial channels, the Russian side has repeatedly threatened that if the resistance they are willing to use tactical nuclear weapons against us."
He said that "the operation to liberate the Eastern Ukraine" completed.
Perez Hilton has deleted all intimate snapshots of stars and apologized
Today horror engulfed more than 60 Hollywood stars.
Hackers broke into the primitive passwords in the cloud (data store) in smartphones and their intimate pictures have appeared on the site of Blogger Perez Hilton.
But not for long.
Earlier, a spokesman for the star of "the hunger games" Jennifer Lawrence is reported stolen photos with her mobile phone, and also confirmed that all the shots that "shine" in the network are authentic.
Perez Hilton is the creator of the site-the tabloid apologized to actress Jennifer Lawrence and her colleagues on the shop floor for publishing their sexually explicit pictures, writes The Independent.
No, nobody forced me to do it.
I have not been contacted their agents.
Now I remove the candid photos of Jennifer Lawrence and Victoria justice, the blogger wrote on Twitter.
However, all the candid pictures of stars are scattered all over the network.
David Beckham got into an accident, hiding from the paparazzi
David Beckham got into an accident on a motorcycle to escape the paparazzi.
It happened in Los Angeles at the turn on Sunset Boulevard.
British soccer escaped with injury and stretching of the muscles of the right hand.
Beckham left the tattoo salon, where he waited for the paparazzi.
After escaping from their prosecution on a motorcycle, he failed to move with the Office and fell, writes TMZ, citing close to player sources.
In the end, Beckham got a bruise, stretching the muscles of the right hand and scratches.
Tony Stewart suffers an accident, returning to the track
Tony Stewart's return to the track was already a little over halfway through the race at Atlanta Motor Speedway.
Stewart hit the wall a second time after his right front tire exploded on lap 172, putting an end to his statement.
Stewart brought his shabby car to the garage and then left without talking to reporters.
His team manager Chad Johnston said that 14 members of the team are upset, but now will focus on race next weekend in Richmond, Virginia.
"I would have liked to have been more successful attempts and a better finish for him," said Johnston.
We will drive to Richmond and hopefully there will be better for us.
Stewart first hit the wall early in the race on Sunday evening after a collision with Kyle Bush, requiring repair of the right side of his car.
"I started today with a rather high hope successfully to reach the finish line," said Johnston, adding, "just didn't work out."
Shortly after the second crash, Stewart's car was loaded onto a tow truck, and the team gathered and was ready to leave.
Stewart missed three races NASCAR Sprint Cup after his car knocked down and killed another driver during a race on a dirt track in Northern New York State.
He decided to come back this week, and he needed to win or Atlanta, or at the following races in Richmond to take part in the persecution.
He returned to work during the investigation of the tragic incident which resulted in the death of 20-year-old Kevin Ward Jr., who came to the track to express dissatisfaction with Stewart during the race.
Law enforcement agencies reported Friday that the causes of the accident will continue for at least another two weeks.
Decision about whether Stewart was charged, was not adopted.
Three-time champion was greeted by loud cheers and applause when it was before the race.
Starting with the 12-th position, Stuart was the first 10 at the start of the race, when he reached the fourth position.
Then, on lap 122 after restart Bush number.
machine 18 rolled off the track at the exit of turn 2 and crashed into Stewart's pushing both cars into the wall.
Stewart continued, but fell behind by 21-th position.
Sobchak and cigarette breakfast with Žvaneckim Vitorgan in Odessa
Kim Kardashian in Maxim Vitorgan are now located in Odessa, as tv host did not fail in its via Instagram.
However, one picture is very surprised and very confused fans of the couple.
Photo taken by Zhvanetsky.
"The Mikhail Mikhailovich Zhvanetsky Maxim explains what instagramm:)) # Odessa",-signed photo of Kim Kardashian.
However, in addition to cigarettes on the table, nothing is present.
No coffee, rolls, butter and others ...
Fans of the pair decided that Xenia also smokes, and condemned her for that.
"A cigarette is whose?," smoking kills! "," some kind of cigarette breakfast) "," seems to be good, and on the table only cigarettes))) "," Xenia, you smoke? "are among his favorite-subscribers to your blog.
As we have informed, recently boasted ... what a delicious dinner for the first time in his life has prepared her Maxim Vitorgan.
"Happiness is when you come to the country, and a husband to your arrival have prepared dinner (for the first time in married life, but the main thing is that tasty. now at the end of the dinner, did not say the words of the joke:" so it was like this every day now, "boasted to her husband-Kseniya Sobchak.
In the picture you can see that Maxim something diligently prepared and on the table already filed pickles and baked chicken.
Prison officials conducted a national protest rally Bulgaria
Hundreds of prison officers from all over the country held a national protest in front of the Ministry of Justice in the capital, Sofia.
During a peaceful demonstration, they repeated their demands to return to previous conditions of work that have been recently changed.
Higher wages is also included in the list of requirements, which will be discussed with the Acting Justice Minister Hristo Ivanov.
During the month, the officers expressed a symbolic protest against the new timetable, demanding to return the previous 24-hour shifts.
Despite the fact that a Union prison officials met several times with representatives of the Ministry of Justice, the agreement has not been reached, the Bulgarian national radio (BNR).
Negotiations are continuing, said the BNR, the head of the main Directorate for the execution of penalties of Rosen Želâzkov.
It is expected that the Trade Union to protest prison officials will join members of the Federation of trade unions of the Ministry of the Interior.
The army controls the new Government of Thailand
General Praût (right), appointed to the post of Defense Minister Pravita Vongsuvana (left)
The military ruler and Prime Minister of Thailand, Maj. Praût Jang-Charmin announced the composition of a new Cabinet of Ministers, in which more than a third of the positions are generals or retired generals.
The army got key posts: Ministers of defence, finance, Foreign Affairs and trade.
On Monday Praût Chan-Charmin was formally confirmed as Prime Minister after the King of Thailand has endorsed the appointment of the head of the interim military Government for this post.
60-year-old soldier, who seized power in a bloodless coup on May 22, was the only candidate for the Premiership post.
He was elected as Prime Minister at a meeting of the Parliament.
Previously, the army has appointed deputies of Parliament.
According to Praûta Chan-Charmin, a coup was the only way to maintain stability.
It was preceded by six months of continued demonstrations during which protesters demanded the resignation of the Government of Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra.
Officially Praût Chan-Charmin will be the interim Prime Minister, because the military plans to hold general elections at the end of the year 2015.
However, there are concerns that the military is trying to consolidate its power in the country.
The military came to power on May 22
against the background of total paralysis of civil authority.
Leaders of the main political parties were subjected to temporary arrest.
Immediately after joining the military to power they had temporarily arrested the country's leading politicians, including Prime Minister Jinglyk Shinawatra.
Some journalists were also detained and public figures.
The current political crisis is rooted in the year 2006, when the army deposed as Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra Jinglyk brother.
Both of them are popular among the rural population, especially in the northern parts of the country that has ensured their success at the polls.
However, many members of the middle class and the Metropolitan elite entered the antigovernment movement that from November 2013 year virtually paralysed the country.
Nobody was saying that in a salad mussels will be better, I never promised you, otšučivaetsâ the waitress from new brasserii Palm.
To formally recognize that this is indeed the case, but the mind and stomach remained adamant.
All have long known: we say "Belgium"-mean the mussels, we say "mussels"-mean "Belgium".
Restaurateurs love profoundly to claim that the success of schools depends on three factors: the location, location and location again.
There are places that are not that good, and even great, but any Quentin.
In short, sitting at a table at the Palm, I remembered that there was a "small town Cafe" (after the show), then "Odessa-Mama", and "Beaujolais" restaurant and Beerhouse "friendship".
Now here is the beer again, but not comforting reminder-Soviet, and Belgian.
Above the ground is just the tip of the iceberg: the bar counter and a couple of tables, all the rest of the space is devoid of even a hint of sunlight.
But here is fun, as in the children's room: red, yellow and green walls, colorful chairs, instead of Windows-TVs, where girls Mermaid.
The Belgian institution in St. Petersburg no longer a novelty, so to compare with than.
Here are eight kinds of draft beer (260-300 rubles for 0.5 l) and countless bottled (1550-170 rubles).
Kompanejski-positive the waitress cheerfully presents the menu telling that "the mussels-rich big seeds", and note: service, despite some flaws, is the positive side of Palm.
The menu is expected to content, but often very suddenly on execution.
Well, to whom, for example, has predicted that the meatloaf with a Walloon prunes ($ 280)-actually a Carpaccio, cut to the same so subtly that the parchment paper over it seem matter ugly thick.
Feel any taste you can only if you rake repeatedly poltarelki.
Salad is even worse.
Standard Liège (260) correct thing would be to recognize the crime against the Belgian people: an iceberg, požuhlyj otvarennaâ once upon a time the potatoes become limp, the Kenyan beans, Bacon chips apathetic plus whatever pickled onions.
With such a standard salad does not wish the meeting to anyone!
The Belgian salad ingredients was partially to others, but the impression was not too positive.
If the immature quarters cherry tomatoes or refried mushrooms you could still turn a blind eye, why mussels look as if their lives them several times to thaw and Cook!
After all, I already know: there is a quite normal belomorsk mussels!
They are served in the kastrûl′kah in the sauce of your choice "(490-560 rubles per 0.5 kg).
Half a dozen sauces, one of white wine, celery and carrots, frankly is not questioned.
Vegetables, and there is no fragrance, and whether there's wine, and remains a mystery.
It is good that the mussels with frit with homemade mayonnaise.
Chicken ' Waterzooi ' soup here is not chowder, thick, to such an extent that, depending on your mood you can decide the first or the second meal in front of you, but just a nice creamy soup.
It was stated that the Cook prepares the local rabbit in beer sauce, and said nothing about Rosemary.
In actual fact, the situation is diametrically opposed: Rosemary drowned out the all.
The impression that this rabbit fed only during the lifetime of the rozmarinovymi bushes, making the meat has become such a wonderful fragrance.
But the foot rabbit was wonderful-no, simply delicious PEAR in the karamelizovannoj crust.
Wafers in Palm offer not only sweet but also savory-with beef, chicken or bacon and cheese (220-280).
The Maple sauce was overly vodânist, and wafers are rather dry.
But coming to the table manager very informally asked dining experiences.
Therefore, it is worth to come again.
The dollar rose above 37 dollars on the MICEX on news about pipeline West of new sanctions against Russia.
This is a new historical record.
Dollar calculations "tomorrow" to 10:29: grew up on 26.9 cents at 37.02 ruble, the euro climbed 30 cents to 48.73 ruble, according to the Moscow stock exchange.
Dual-currency basket grew to 28 cents compared to the previous close of 42.28 ruble and cost.
To the Crimean events dollar peaked February 19, 2009 years-then he cost 36.43 ruble, and it was already March 3, 2014 37.005 ruble.
On the night of August 29, the White House announced that the President of the United States Barack Obama and German Chancellor Angela Merkel to discuss the possibility of additional sanctions against Russia.
The weakening of the ruble is long-term in nature, and in tandem with the euro, and in tandem with the dollar.
The long-term forecast assumed that the mark, says senior analyst of alpari Anna Bodrova.
Everything that has to do with Ukraine, in one way or another will be reflected on the courses.
As long as this continues, investors will react.
Today, the rumors about the invasion is not confirmed by any one side, but the market turned out to be very emotional.
All the talk that he was resistant to this news yesterday were dashed.
The week is a specialist, will close around these levels-36.90 and 37.05 rubles per dollar.
Tax period is over, oil prices weak, politics, sanctions, the problem of gas transit through Ukraine-all links in one chain.
Also predicted inflationary: to current prices for autumn will be from 5 to 10%.
Soon, the end of seasonal vegetables and fruit, and will come a vacuum until the network switched to other suppliers.
"The dollar went up to $ 37 dollars, passed it and came back, some powerful tantrums no,-says head of market analysis" Open broker "Konstantin Bushuyev.
Still will be watching whether the promised on Saturday to impose sanctions, as would meet NATO.
He said the ruble, weakened sharply after the end of the tax season, then went to news on Ukraine, the CENTRAL BANK said last week that by the end of the year completely converted to a floating exchange rate and waives any currency intervention.
If you look at the fluctuation, it is no different from earlier this month, all the photos it is a mark in the $ 37-continues the analyst.
As well, in terms of anything strong not happened.
Troubling times for the foreign exchange market have been, let me remind you that at the end of January, there has been an increased demand for the currency, and the third of March, when the CENTRAL BANK had pumped a record amount of currency.
UFS in IC and see the positive side of weakening of the ruble.
First of all, it is the growth of revenue from export operations, as well as enhancing the competitiveness of domestic producers at the expense of more expensive imports, said principal analyst UFS IC Aleksey Kozlov.
Negative points can be attributed rise in prices of imported goods and services.
The sharp fluctuations of the Russian currency reduces the attractiveness of investing in the Russian economy, causing increased inflationary pressures and as a result cause the cost of borrowing money, which in turn hinders the development of the national economy.
On the stock market, depreciation of the ruble somewhat mitigates the drop in share prices, expressed in LCY.
For example, the MICEX index Thursday fell by 1.67 percent and the RTS Index lost 3.27 percent.
This significant difference in relative size index reduction due to the weakening of the ruble during the day more than 1.5%.
The weakening of the ruble is emotional nature and due to the massive desire to buy the currency.
As practice shows, gradually emotions flow to and quotes of the ruble fully or partially restore the lost ground.
"We believe we can soon see the value of the dollar and of the Russian currency is near the level of 36 rubles to the dollar," said Alexei Kozlov.
A genetic disorder is often misdiagnosed
British reported that it spent many years thinking that die after wrong diagnosis.
Caryn Rogers spent most of his adolescence, thinking it only a few years left to live after she was diagnosed with another ailment.
In fact, she had Charcot-Marie TooT (ŠMT) is a group of genetic disorders that result in damage to nerves outside the brain and spinal column.
CMT UK charity said the wrong diagnosis-a common problem among people with ŠMT because so little is known about this condition.
At about 23000 people in Britain, presumably a ŠMT, which can cause motor symptoms such as muscle weakness, uncertain gait and preloaded toes.
Patients may experience numbness or pain, and the State is not cured and progresses, which means that the symptoms increase over time.
When Rogers was 13, she thought I was suffering from Friedreich's Ataxia (AF)-a condition for which the forecast was very bad.
Rogers thought she would be confined to a wheelchair by the time she is 18, and will die before she reaches 30.
The mother of two children, now 51, said: "a child I knew that I could not do what others.
Every day I was falling, and I all took more time.
I never could roller skate or skateboard with other kids, and me much mocked at school because of the way I walked and ran.
Rogers said that when she was 13, after several operations to release the Achilles tendon and right foot, she looked in the medical card, when her doctor left the room, and there was written that she had AF.
"I felt guilty, because sticking her nose where it should not be, so I said no, but I came home, found information about this condition in the library and wrote the Association of AFRICA," she said.
When I got the information, I was shocked and felt the terrible panic, which is possible.
I thought that I would be in a wheelchair in the 18 and I will die before I will be 25, and I gradually lose all their abilities in this interval.
I ran across this one, and I had planned a private funeral.
She said that by the time she was 17, she realized that her ability to walk had not deteriorated as much as she thought, and asked her doctor about it.
He just stood up, hugged me and said: "my dear, I don't think you have this disease, because you would already have been in a wheelchair".
I think you have something that is much less of a threat to life.
After several genetic studies have found ŠMT.
"When he explained what is ŠMT, I thought that pulled the lucky ticket," she said.
Charity ŠMT Uk announced last month the ŠMT to try to draw attention to the disease.
The tax burden on entrepreneurs of the Washington area is growing as the economy recovers
Recovering economy means more customers, more sales and new jobs.
It also means higher taxes.
Accounts for paying taxes to the State and local level for companies across the country, moderately increased last year when the accelerated economic recovery, according to a new study published last week, and the company in the Washington area is no exception.
Companies in the district, Maryland and Virginia together paid $27,6 billion to the Treasury of the State and local level in fiscal year 2013, the 3.8 percent more than the $26,6 billion collected for the year 2012.
The tax burden on business by State and local level in the past year increased by 4.3 percent, to $ 671 billion, compared with 3.9 per cent the year before, and this was the third consecutive year of growth after going consecutive years when Bill declined in 2009 and 2010.
Taxes levied by the State, rose 4.3 per cent, faster than local taxes, 3.9 per cent, according to the study, which was conducted by the firm providing professional services, Ernst Young & and state taxation, the taxation policy.
More than half of the tax revenue in the County, 56 percent, in taxes on employers, while 36 per cent of tax revenue in Maryland are firm.
Virginia, with 28 percent, brings the lowest amount of tax revenue, proportionately, from entrepreneurs.
Much of the growth in tax revenue caused by reverting to the previous standard of value of the real estate companies, the researchers said, that raised property taxes by 3.7 per cent this year after three years in a row, when the growth was less than 1 per cent.
While a large proportion of this revenue comes from big States such as California, New York and Texas, it appears that the same thing happens in the Washington area.
Companies in the district, Maryland and Virginia together paid $ 10 billion in property taxes to the State and local level in the past year, to $ 9.6 billion in 2012 at 4.2 per cent growth, compared with the previous year.
However, the observed return value to the property does not have a similar effect on the growth of tax revenues to the State and local level in Maryland, where property taxes barely exceeds one-fifth tax accounts of companies.
Company of Virginia and the District of Colombia to pay about half of the tax bills on the State and local level in the form of property taxes.
"What is happening in Maryland is that such a big part of their property tax base, especially around the District of Colombia, is owned by either the Government or non-profit organization who do not pay real estate taxes," said Douglas Lindholm, Executive Director of the Center for state tax.
Thus, Maryland had a much greater reliance on income taxes to pay for the same services in other States.
The recent rise in tax revenues from businesses cannot fully explain the recovery of the real estate market.
The income of entrepreneurs also seems to go to the amendment, according to the data.
Companies in the region declared corporate income tax at the State level in the amount of us $ 2.3 billion, to $ 2.1 billion more than in 2012.
Maryland collected $ 1 billion in corporate income tax revenues, the most in the region.
Although the trends sent in one direction, the tax burden on entrepreneurs at local level is not increasing at the same pace in all three areas.
The growth rate in the District of Colombia was at the same level as the average, 4.3 per cent, while growth in Maryland was significantly faster, 4.9 per cent.
Only Virginia saw the rise of lower-middle income tax equal to 4.1 per cent.
Virginia was one of the lowest corporate income tax of three jurisdictions (each with the same corporate rate) equal to 6 per cent.
In Maryland, the corporate rate is 8.25 per cent, while in relatively high-9.975 percent.
A similar study of the United States Chamber of Commerce earlier this year showed that in Virginia: taxes for businessmen across the State and local level and, in General, a more favourable climate in regard to taxes for entrepreneurs than in Maryland.
The County has not been assessed in this study.
Despite its advantage, Virginia is the competitive pressure exerted by its neighbor to the South.
North Carolina recently signed legislation that reduces the corporate rate this year from 6.9 per cent to 6 per cent, the same as in Virginia, and the rate will drop to 5 percent next year.
If the staff will continue to achieve the objectives of tax revenues in the next year, the law could bring the rate of income tax for entrepreneurs to 3 percent by the year 2017.
In the meantime, a small business in the Washington area, it seems, feels better, and thus pay more taxes to the State and local level, according to a recent study.
Business taxes paid in the form of individual income tax small business owners-the transitional structure that built most of the small companies in Colombia, Maryland and Virginia increased by 20 percent last year to $ 2.4 billion, with a much greater rate of growth than taxes for predprinimatelj in General.
The researchers said the trend and increased revenue from taxes on businesses across the country are likely to continue this year, with the income tax in the Governments of the State and local level, have grown to 6.2 per cent in the first three quarters of the year 2014, compared with the same period last year.
But the Washington area may lag behind, as the decline in federal spending affecting the labour market in the region.
The bronze age of the Russian Judo
Home World Judo Championships brought the team two silver and seven bronze medals.
The Russians lost only main favourite competitions-national team of Japan.
Tournament in Chelyabinsk started on Monday, and the first day brought the Russian team to a silver medal.
Its owner was the Beslan Mudranov in 60 kg category.
This is also the final suppression of the Boldbaatarom Ganbatom of Mongolia, the outcome of confrontation has decided to just one comment received Russian.
And here's the second day of the tournament was the most successful for the Russian national team on Tuesday were won three medals.
In the men's competition in the category of up to 66 kg Silver went to Mikhail Pulâevu, a bronze-Kamalu Khan-Magomedovu.
In the final he lost to world champion 2011 and 2013, the Japanese Masashi Èbinume.
Khan-Magomedov, the quarterfinal stage loser compatriot, victoriously lambasted utešitel′nomu tournament and was awarded the Bronze award.
In the women's 52 kg category event, also to the third step of the podium was Natalia Kuzûtina.
In the semifinals she lost to current world champion Majlinde Kelmendi of Kosovo, which in this Championship was the flag of the international Judo Federation, and has successfully defended a title.
In the dispute over the bronze won by Ma Kuzûtina Inan′ from China, but after the tournament, yet admitted that third place-it's not at all what she expected.
And again an obstacle up to gold, though Kuzûtinu Kelmendi was previously in the finals of the European Championship.
On the third day of the tournament in Chelyabinsk of Russia in bronze put Musa Moguškov, who fought in the 73 kg category.
In the quarter-finals of his abuser was a former representative of Moldova, Victor Skovorcov, now playing for the U.A.E..
But then he won two bouts and won awards.
Moguškov has spoken at home Championship with injury of the ankle, which he plans to heal soon, so take a break in the competition.
As for the ex-moldovanina Skvortsova, he and the tournament reached the bronze medal.
Interestingly, and his other compatriot, who sports the nationality of U.A.E., Ivan German with bronze completed statement in the category up to 100 kg.
The fourth day of the World Cup 2014 also brought the Russians a bronze medal in the category of up to 81 kg Ivan Nifontov won.
In a heavy battle small round it by comments from rival defeated Frenchman Alain Schmitt.
On Friday in the tournament were played at once three sets of medals, but Russians traditionally confined themselves to a bronze in the men's tournament up to 90 kg.
The winner was Cyril issues with Russia, this Medal was assured: his opponent by utešitel′nomu finale was compatriot Kirill Denisov.
But the fight did not take place: Voprosova could not leave the opponent on the mat due to injury.
Men's bronze medal was won by the hosts in the sixth day of competition-the piggy bank team put Renat Saidov, speaking in the category, more than 100 kg.
In the consolation final, he won a clean victory over Brazilian David Moura.
Thus ended the private portion of the World Championships.
On the last day of the tournament in Chelyabinsk on Sunday were played the title of world champion in team competitions.
The two Russian teams for men and women, and female-were one of the main contenders for the award, but, as in the individual competitions, fair sex no luck-the medals they got.
But the Russian judokas won team silver.
In the final confrontation against them by a score of 2-3 gave way to the main favorites of the competition-team Japan.
The Russian team led 2-0 after a clean victory Khan-Magomedov and strong-willed-Denis Yartseva (up to 73 kg).
But in the heavier weight categories with their Japanese rivals were unable to cope, Murat Habačirov (81), Magomed magomedov (90) and Aslan Kambiev (100).
The same scenario has evolved and bronze match in the women's tournament, where the Russian team, leading 2-0, lost to âponkam-2-3.
In the team competitions in Chelyabinsk, was attended by Russian President Vladimir Putin, who congratulated after the tournament, the men's team silver.
"Second place is a very honorable, but I want to say that it was obvious that you can be champions," said Putin, whose words leads to RIA "Novosti".
Lose the Japanese judo rodonačal′nikam-nothing here to be ashamed of there.
But I'm sure you can do it and win.
The Russian team at the Home World Cup was much better than a year ago at the competitions of such level, held in Rio de Janeiro.
Then it was the Russian team has only three medals, one silver and two bronze.
The current tournament missed Olympic champions Arsen Galstyan and Mansur Isaev.
We all, of course, great maximalist.
Yes, I would like to gold medals.
But let us remember that if a person in the Olympic cycle in the top eight of the strongest, the potential winner of the Olympics.
Especially in such sports as judo, "-summed up the tournament, RUSSIAN Sports Minister Vitaly Mutko, the words of which leads the Championship Press Center.
Japan's national team is expected to be the best in Chelyabinsk, winning 11 medals, five of which were gold.
The next World Championships will be held next summer in Astana.
Get acquainted with other materials, news and statistics, please visit the summer sports.
The family of Joan Rivers hoping for the best
Joan Rivers is unconscious with the arrival at the hospital in New York City three days ago, but her daughter expressed the hope today that the 81-year-old actress will recover from the disease.
"Thank you for your continued love and support," said Melissa Rivers in a statement today.
We hope for the best.
Her mother arrived at Mount Sinai Hospital on Thursday after an emergency call that she had cardiac arrest in a hospital in the upper east side, Yorkville Endoskopi, according to the sources.
Doctors deliberately kept her sedated and under strict supervision, as long as they would not meet her condition, which remains "severe".
The response has been broad, including numerous support online from such as Donald Trump, Montel Williams and Kelly Ripa.
All the Kings
The band's debut album Royal Blood-new hope of British rock, took rock duets from clubs to stadiums.
The duo Royal Blood all year on stage, but already has in the BBC Music Award nomination, a tour supporting Arctic Monkeys and visit in the dressing room of the New York concert of Jimmy page.
Their debut self-titled album is still a few months before the release received 100 thousand. pre-orders, and the contract for its release is in the portfolio of a major label, Warner Music.
Given the current dire situation in the music market, coming out of the situation, because it is not about new Lana del Rey or the next sladkogolosom representative of the "new r'n ' B ' and the Duet bykovatyh-looking Britons, playing with the volume and intensity, which was last in vogue a couple of decades ago.
In General, rates on first album in connection with all these circumstances were particularly high and already completely realized.
The duo took his name in vain, that this might infringe unless absolutely desparate hairy metallers, and blood of Kings flows, as they think, in their veins, is also understandable.
It is, of course, first of all about the heroes of the last level of Led Zeppelin: how the great Quartet, Royal Blood to shake up the stagnant blood of British rock, giving it to new heights.
Make predictions about the success of this venture so far, perhaps a bit early, but something you can say.
A dozen songs, uloživšihsâ in thirty minutes with little is not so much a demonstration of phenomenal composers ' talents as a confident and powerful declaration of intent.
Some of the advantages of separate rooms, of course, deny it: Let's say the pilot single "Out Of The Black" characteristic that is not melodic line and the party.
Musicians jokingly say that this song is generally easier to nastučat′ than to troll.
Is also a "Little Monster" and the closing plate composition "Better Strangers" from the Shakespeare quote in the title.
But the truth is that each of these songs will be perfectly sound at the party hard rock fans, but when you play in a row they merge in a more or less uniform cloth.
And this is not necessarily bad, quite the contrary.
The power of Royal Blood, that they do not claim the laurels of Lennon and McCartney (rather mark the successors of Motörhead), but removed numerous rock duets from ghetto indie clubs.
Their music, despite some variety, created for stadiums, indoor, with less than a couple of thousand people, it is obviously closely.
The secret tricky part of using bass guitar, replacing the usual format, invented in the early Noughties The White Stripes.
However, it's not just the tools, but in the approach to composing songs.
Retroroka zero heroes with great difficulty chosen beyond the postmodern paradigm with tremendous reluctance were going to accept not just èpigonami, and separate creative units.
Royal Blood is now sound so powerful and brazen that this pressure has drapiruet some secondary and tverdolobost′ of musical material.
Well, after all, who said that the rock must be smart?
Amazon buys a Twitch over $1,04 billion
AMAZON has just confirmed what informed the Information Friday morning: online store-and videoprodûser, and a hundred other things-buy service streaming video playback Twitch for $1,04 billion ($US 970 million).
This news was not a surprise because nobody expected that Twitch is sold, but because many expected that YouTube will be the buyer.
Three months ago, the sale of Twitch videoservisu Google for a good look completely finished, billion and this combination seemed natural.
Twitch, founded just three years ago as Justin.tv, set a goal to be live streaming service General version of YouTube in real time.
Instead, he quickly turned into a platform where users broadcast their in-game moments; "YouTube for games in real time," according to the Business Insider.
Interface Twitch.
And "let's play" genre videos, in which the wise girl give (mostly older) games processing, as in "Mysterious theater", already popular on YouTube.
The fact of the matter is that YouTube is mentioned often when describing the Twitch, so the news that YouTube is Twitch was met with little interest, a classic example of entrenched technology company, vykupaûŝej of a potential competitor.
It is a mystery why the deal with YouTube failed, given that he was willing to pay no less than Amazon.
All we have at the moment is a statement from Executive Director Shira Emmett Twitch: "we chose the Amazon because they believe in our community, they share our values and long-term objectives, and they want to help us reach them faster."
Another mystery, frankly speaking, this is an incredible success Twitch.
Snobam like me who claim that the exercise would be better than watching it, it's hard to understand the appeal of watching games instead of having to pick up the stick.
One thing to look over his shoulder at 3 am when she creeps through the Resident Evil, and quite another to look like some kind of outsider gets 20 headshots in a row in the Call of Duty.
All the games that you could watch it right now.
Another problem is that many of today's most popular games are designed for one person, so watch them filming, not by controlling the angle of view alone, can be a recipe for a headache, an Do It Right.
I agree that the speed of the Rodžery Bènnistery our e-century complete the entire game in record time, entertain.
But if it is not a virtuoze game or humor, it is unlikely that his channel would be interesting at all Twitch.
But they know skeptics like me?
The Twitch 55 million unique visitors per month, and it is the fourth largest source of peak Internet traffic.
Exactly how Amazon works on this?
It is hard to imagine that Twitch minimizes the Amazon Instant Video just as gracefully as YouTube could easily absorb the Twitch.
However, Twitch is what would gladly have received any company: crowds of young men that meet advertisers.
As the head of the Shire, Amazon and Twitch Twitch "both believe in the future of gaming", and this channel takes the signs of aging, even second-as spectacular sport.
As a result of what happened in 2004, terrorist attack killed more than 330 people, including 186 children.
More than 800 people were injured.
We spent a few days in Beslan.
Talked with surviving hostages-now almost all students with their parents dead, the caretaker of the cemetery-city of angels-Ramon Kaspolatovym, head of the Committee "Mathers of Beslan" Susana Dudieva, who participated in the RAID at the MINISTRY, says a correspondent of "society" Elizabeth Antonova, who worked on specproektom.
Already having returned to Moscow, met with Aslambekom Aslahanovym, which 10 years ago was the Presidential Adviser for the North Caucasus and negotiated with the terrorists, as well as control officer "in" Russia's FSB Vyacheslav Renaissance ".
What I am particularly shocked during the work on this topic is that of Beslan as if there were not those ten years.
This topic is extremely painful for everyone who has any bearing on it, people could hardly agree to talk about what happened.
Impressions from the trip is very heavy.
But forget the Beslan must not be, and I hope we have coped with their task, "said Antonova.
Special project prepared by infographic holding Rambler & Co, which has been working in the company since the spring of this year.
Previous special projects were dedicated to the first world war and 15 years of Vladimir Putin's stay in power.
NORTH KOREA conducted a short-range missile launch
North Korea launched a short-range missile into the sea of Japan, the "Reporters".
The launch was carried out around 10.30 am local time on the part of the provinces of Chagang, located on the border of North Korea and China.
Presumably, the rocket fell into the sea of Japan, flying about 220 km, stated in the Joint Committee of the chiefs of staff of South Korea.
The deputies proposed to speed up the entry into force of the law on personal data
In the case of the success of the initiative, the Russians will not be stored on servers abroad since January 1, 2015 year
In the State Duma introduced a Bill moving the date of entry into force, had already adopted law on personal data of Russians from the January 1, 2015 year September 1, 2016.
The initiative is in the legislative activity of the lower House.
Its authors were deputies of the State Duma, Vadim Den′gin, Jaroslav Nilov (LDPR), Evgeny Fedorov ("United Russia"), Vladimir Parahin ("fair Russia") and Alex Yushchenko (CPRF).
This change, according to the authors of the initiative, will facilitate a more rapid and effective enforcement of rights of citizens of the Russian Federation on the protection of personal data and respect for confidentiality of correspondence in the information and telecommunication networks.
Law, whose entry into force urged members of Parliament, obliges Russia to store personal data of Russians, processed over the Internet.
It also makes the mandatory entry, systematization, accumulation, storage, update and retrieval of personal data of citizens of the Russian Federation, in the databases located on the territory of Russia, as well as information on the location of such databases.
In addition, the Act gives the right to Roskomnadzor court decision to limit access to the information handled in violation of the law of the Russian Federation in the field of personal data.
The law also proposes the creation of so-called "black lists" of offending sites-automated information system "register of personal data subjects rights violators".
This law was passed by the Parliament in the summer.
Sponsors of the Bill were Andrei Lugovoi and Vadim Den′gin from the LIBERAL DEMOCRATIC PARTY and the COMMUNIST PARTY of Ukraine Aleksandr.
Den′gin and Yushchenko are also among the sponsors of the Bill to move the date of entry into force of the law.
Those who have data centers in the RUSSIAN FEDERATION there is no need to pay the rent
Commenting on the proposed Bill to the State Duma today first Deputy Head of the Duma Committee on information policy, Leonid Levin stated that he saw no problem to transfer the date of entry into force of the Act on the protection of personal data.
According to him, those companies that to January 1, 2015 onwards will not have their own repositories of personal data of the Russians on the territory of the Russian Federation, will be able to rent them, for example, "u" Rostelecom ", who repeatedly said that they are ready to provide their own servers and provides its own servers, the Mail Group, Western companies that now provide their servers".
"Besides, there are several independent data centers ready to cooperate in this area," he added.
"If companies decide to carry out the law and continue to work on the territory of the Russian Federation, see no problem-they get technological opportunities to host" summed up Levin.
The controversial Bill
Immediately after the publication of the draft law of the Russian Association of electronic communications, cautioned that if the law is adopted, the Russians will no longer be able to use many global Internet services.
In particular, we are talking about services online booking air tickets and hotels.
According to the Association, "the Bill deprives the subjects of personal data of citizens of the Russian Federation the right to manage their own data imperatively determining that their entry, organization, etc., should only the databases located on the territory of the Russian Federation".
The statement stressed that the CLIP or DOWNLOAD a more effective measure would be to establish a mechanism for informing the user on where to write, organize their personal data.
In this case, will be able to choose the territory in which these actions will be carried out.
The same kind of "localization" of personal data in other countries led to the departure of global services and significant economic losses.
A bucket of ice water test participant dislocated jaw
Isabel Roberts from the uk so screaming when her head poured icy water that damaged the bone structure of the face.
This test is your bucket of ice cold water has gone painfully wrong.
The woman was hospitalized after she screamed during the test, a bucket of ice water that dislocated my jaw.
Isabel Roberts so violently screaming when her head poured icy water that damaged the structure of the face.
"The water was so cold that I screamed, but when I did, my jaw started to get stuck," she told The Mirror.
Water poured on a 20-year-old.
Isabel Roberts in just seconds before the accident
I tried to shut his mouth, but he doesn't close, it stuck, and then came to me that something is wrong.
Then to my mom and sister had the same understanding and they started laughing, but I had to be carried to the emergency room.
20-year-old woman from the uk was taken to the hospital, right to the jaw after taking part in the popular fascination with on Tuesday.
The clip became an Internet sensation and was published thousands of times on Facebook and Twitter.
The militia handed over more than 400 prisoners of war Ukrainian
In the "army of new Russia" claim that downing a Ukrainian Su-27, and accuse opponents of violating ceasefire
Militia members as of 1 September 10:00 gave Ukrainian side of 402 prisoners, 72 of whom were wounded, and the bodies of 35 military dead.
The "Interfax" was told by a representative of the press service of the "army of new Russia".
He added that the "AIR DEFENSE forces in the village of Mereški shot down an Su-27, breaching ceasefire agreements."
According to the source, the Ukrainian side in the shelling of the Luhansk airport used cluster munitions prohibited by international conventions.
A spokesman said that the militias could damage per night two helicopters of the Ukrainian AIR FORCE field of aerodromes, as well as two armoured personnel carriers destroyed and two warehouses with ammunition.
"Enemy casualties up to 100 people killed and wounded, surrendered 13 people," said representative staff.
Interfax did not have confirmation of this information from Ukrainian sources.
On Sunday the armed forces "people's republics" Donbass announced the transfer of the Ukrainian side in the framework of the implementation of the ceasefire and military soldiers captive 223 of the National Guard of Ukraine.
At the same time, DND, army at night according to the "New Army", "thwarting the attempt of nacgvardejcev in violation of earlier agreements to withdraw from the area around heavy equipment.
Then the militia reported on the destruction of the skorotečnom battle, two tanks and two ARMORED PERSONNEL CARRIERS, seized six tanks and disarmament of 198 soldiers.
According to staff, the total losses of the enemy on all fronts (Donetsk, Lugansk, Mariupol) for that night totaled five tanks, eight armored fighting vehicles, more than 120 people killed and wounded
At the end of last week, a large group of Ukrainian troops was surrounded by the militia in the Ilovaisk in Donetsk region.
Russian President Vladimir Putin asked the leadership of "people's republics" to release Ukrainian troops from the environment.
The DNI have agreed to go on this subject to the surrender of enemy arms and ammunition.
The first of dozens of troops began to leave the surrounded villages on Saturday morning.
According to the Commander of the battalion's Entourage in Ukrainian territorial defence "Donbass" seeds Semenchenko, on Sunday night from "boiler" took another 14 people.
In his Facebook Semenchenko wrote that the injured are Ukrainian "held captive by 137 Regiment 32 divisions and 9 tank Brigade of the Russian Federation, where they were well treated.
Meanwhile, the Foreign Ministry and the Russian Defense Ministry denied the message of NATO and the Ukrainian military about the presence of Russian troops in Ukraine.
RUSSIAN MFA: Russia would retaliate if the EU new sanctions
Russia reserves the right to take retaliatory steps to protect its legal interests if the new anti-Russian sanctions, the RUSSIAN FOREIGN MINISTRY said.
Russian vnešnediplomatičeskogo agency States that "detention" by the European Council on 30 August demonstrated the failure of EU countries to overcome the inertia of the unreserved support of the Kiev authorities.
Brussels continues to insist that Russia is involved in the situation in the East of Ukraine, based on "absolutely unsubstantiated allegations about the presence of Russian troops on its territory", according to the website.
The RUSSIAN FOREIGN MINISTRY expressed regret that the European Council, against the interests of its Member States, influenced countries that are interested in growing confrontation with Russia.
The members of the Council should call for the peaceful settlement of the conflict in the East of Ukraine, as well as to provide the conditions for a "dialogue between the warring parties," said the Office.
The website States that there is no ob″ektivynh assessment of the humanitarian situation in the Donbass region where there was a full-blown humanitarian disaster, as well as an increasing number of victims among the civilian population.
We remind that during the short semidnevki in the European Union to develop specific proposals for sanctions against RUSSIA.
The EU representatives have worked closely with American officials.
It is anticipated that they will be correlated between the imposed measures on commitment and degree of hardness.
The new EU sanctions could touch on energy and financial sector.
The Australian Government announced the extension of sanctions against Russia in the field of defence, finance, oil and gas industry.
Clever ways to save on college textbooks
While the cost of university textbooks for many students is more than $ 1,000 a year, Matt Schroeder, who soon will move into the second year, came up with a clever way to cut costs.
He developed a system of how to take a book from undergraduate, offering them a nominal compensation, that they put their sale.
"My tutorial on mathematical analysis, which usually costs $ 180, I got a semester for $ 10 and biscuits" Chick-fil-A, "said Schroeder, 19, who is studying at Covenant College in Georgia.
Required reading for the last semester would cost $ 430, he said.
He spent $ 120.
According to the College Board, the average student spends more than $ 1,200 a year on textbooks and educational supplies, however, students have a variety of options to reduce these costs.
Students are increasingly choosing online stores and creative ideas, like Schroeder's system.
Book hire is becoming more popular, allowing students to use this book during the semester, and often is much cheaper than buying them.
The company "Nyboe Inc., which owns more than 250 college bookstores, said that the amount of rental books doubled from 2011 onwards.
Industry studies show that about a quarter of the books in the University book stores during the past spring semester have been rented, said Vice President "Nyboe" Trevor Meyer.
Less than half of all books sold in University bookstores, according to the professional association "National Association of college stores".
Here is an introductory course on the best ways to make a deal.
Shop in the online store
Sometimes, if you go out into the Internet, the price for a new book may amount to one third of what you will see in the University Bookstore.
The ninth edition of "mathematical analysis" Ron Larson, Bruce Edwards and Robert Hostetlera costs about $ 290 a list price, but the new copy can be purchased for $239,99 website Chegg.com, which specializes in selling textbooks.
Buying a used
If you don't mind other people's marks or injuries, used textbooks are a good option.
"Mathematical analysis" sold for $93,49 in used form on Chegg.com.
Matt Kèsèdej, 25 years old, a fourth-year student from the University of Brigèm Yang, said that paid on Amazon.com 42 cents for a used copy of the textbook ' strategic decisions in the media: understanding the business side of the advertising business. "
The book sold for $ 48 new.
Teachers, for example, Ingrid Bracy, Director of "College without walls" at the University of Massachusetts at Amherst, students refine their professors, can't we use previous editions.
Sometimes updates are inconsequential to lessons.
In such cases, the old Edition can often be found for a very small fraction of the cost of the latest edition.
In addition to the sites by Chegg on Amazon, Half.com and belonging "eBay Inc.", is a popular alternative to buying used books.
Rental
To take textbooks to hire, it is necessary to think, if you're okay with them not to forget to return them and did not want to leave them after the course is completed.
You can save over 80% of the new book.
For example, one student was able to rent a "mathematical analysis" for a semester for around $ 20.
Find out the rules of the store where you pick up the book, including any fines you may write out the notes, underlining and damage.
If you take a book, remember: If you don't return the book, penalties can even exceed the cost of the new instance.
E-books
E-books instead of traditional textbooks is another option.
Sometimes these books actually take rent, buying an e-license for a specified period of distributors, such as Amazon.com, Barnes and Noble & by Chegg on Inc.
Rental of "mathematical analysis" website Chegg.com for six months will cost about uranium.
Bracey said that students studying literature, can often find the most advantageous prices, as many classical works can now be downloaded for free, while the literature on the natural and engineering sciences can be quite expensive.
In spite of everything, look around.
Joe Gault, 29 years old, which is about to start his studies at Pepperdine law school, recommends that you use the ISBN number to determine the price of the book, as it ensures that you are looking for exactly the desired text.
Before placing an order online, says Gault, be sure to check whether the book is in stock.
This lesson was not easy.
Delivery of books he had acquired, was delayed by four weeks, and, in the end, he paid the full price in the University Bookstore.
Putin said the total ineffectiveness of the Fund for the development of the far East
Russian President Vladimir Putin zâvil at a meeting on State support priority investment projects and areas in the far East that the budget development of the far East investment fund, created two years ago, is ineffective, according to Interfax.
"15 billion rubles were lying on deposits," he said.
During the meeting, the President instructed to expedite the approval of the list of territories of priority development in the far East.
He recalled that the draft of the law needed to establish the Directors must be submitted to the State Duma this autumn.
The Federal Assembly, the President said, before 1 July and approved the list of the territories of priority development in the far East, and their criteria.
Vladimir Putin also formulated the basic tasks for the development of the far East.
Among them, improving transport accessibility of the region, removing infrastructure constraints, both domestically and for export development.
Among other things, must be sozdat′predposylki in order to attract more investment to the region, as well as to form the territory of advanced development, should become competitive in relation to the key business centers in the Asia-Pacific region, said the President.
Earlier, it was reported that the advance development of substitute for SEZs.
Why the "guardians of the Galaxy" could not save the box
"The expendables," Sylvester Stallone's 3 gave less than $ 30 million from its $ 90-million budget in the United States, while "Sin City: a woman of worth slay" returned only $ 12 million from its $ 70 million budget.
"Home video" with Cameron Diaz had only $14,6 million in the first weekend, while children's movies, such as "how to train your Dragon 2" also disappointing revenues.
Telegraph film critic Robbie Collin's article indicates that, when it comes to children's films, probably because of poor quality of the film.
Colleen named the year 2014 "the worst year in the history of the children's film, called" how to train your Dragon 2 "barely" maintained "the sequel to the fantasy.
However, when it comes to films aimed at an audience of a few older, it seems that the problem is not necessarily as the movies.
In July, Entertainment Weekly compared the average ratings of CinemaScore, and Metacritic each movie, released in the summer rental in the amount of not less than 2000 copies between the Memorial Day holiday in May and 20 July, 2013 for the year and this year.
The results, which take into account the views of both moviegoers and film critics, suggest that a crop of films this year are similar in size, with last year's hits.
Some commentators have suggested that the case could be in the changing audience habits and the growing popularity of Internet-based streaming services like Netflix.
Directed by Jon Favreau, who is currently working on soon opening in Disney film "the jungle book" Hollywood Reporter website said: "I think the times are changing."
We should admit it and not try to chase after what had been before.
Unlike the current fall of the box-office revenue of Hollywood, Netflix streaming service has reached $ 1.2 billion, almost twice last year's figure of $837 million.
Last summer, Director Steven Spielberg criticized the studios because they too rely on comic book franchise, and predicted the "demise" of Hollywood.
In the light of the current recession, some commentators argue that in his gloomy predictions was the truth.
In the summer of 2015, is expected to yield several potential box office hits, including "the Avengers: the Al′trona Era", "Minions" and "Jurassic Park", other representatives of the film industry are more optimistic.
The "People's" producer Simon Kinberg recently called the drop box is simply "cyclical", said the Hollywood Reporter: "next summer will be the highest-grossing summer in history, and no one will worry about it."
Food sanctions don't scare the owners of establishments with the Caucasian and Central Asian food, but for European and Japanese cuisine restaurants Russian suppliers-this is a nightmare.
And in General catering yet prefers to replace products not prohibited imports from Russia, and from Latin America, Israel and China.
"It is better to have a BellaOnline than bad mozzarella laments chef Italian restaurant Barlotti Mariano Valerio about the quality of the cheeses that offer him in return the Italian suppliers.
Mozzarella and burrata cheese over at first, they had little shelf life.
Stocks will be enough Parmesan for another couple of months.
What do I do?
Switch to Russian?
In 2005, I was on the Dorogomilovskom market.
Mariano Valerio makes such eyes, that is clear: the shocking memories do not release it until now.
There was meat carts just 30 centimeters from the floor!
There's also a cat!
Rat!
Then I told that to our restaurant, we never will buy the Russian markets.
I don't know, maybe now there everything changed.
But the other day I brought on a fish from the far East.
So it turned out to be a rotten!
I said I don't want to even talk with the man who brought it to us.
Valerio is surprised that many ordinary things for Italy for the Russian manufacturer in the us.
A few years ago, I was forced to buy the Russian beef.
In Italy suspended meat in cold store for 10 days at a temperature of 1-2 degrees.
It needs cleaning to become soft, the muscles relaxed.
I've done it all with local beef.
Then I asked: where did you get such tender meat?
I said: so it's your Russian!
Why you no one does not?
A five minute walk from the Barlotti French restaurant "Brasserie Bridge" in the kitchen hangs a stop-list, which identifies the missing ingredients: French oysters, sea urchin.
The chef of the restaurant "Brasserie" and the Bridge bar "arrow" Regis Trigel′ not as pessimistic as Valerio: oysters from France has already replaced the oysters from Tunisia, and French cheeses restaurant to buy Swiss.
However, Regis becomes more emotional when it comes to Russian suppliers, "cauliflower-200 rubles!
I ask: "Why, on what basis she so much worth?"
I respond: "well, we also have to make".
But the sprouts should not be more expensive than 80 rubles!
Far eastern oysters we buy by weight, but they live 15-20 years, can you imagine how much weight their armour?
For the price, it turns out that this is superdelikates.
It seems that the Russian suppliers-especially for one of the main sources for foreign chefs.
Standard history: "the first three months all was well, then the quality has plummeted."
Main claim: Russian suppliers cannot sustain a stable quality and caliber.
Many restaurants European cuisine did not know what would become of them when run out of stocks of cheese
Photo: Alexander Miridonov, Kommersant
Sankcionnoe menu
6 August, President Vladimir Putin signed a decree on the application of economic measures to ensure the security of Russia, who call mainly food sanctions.
The country banned to import beef, pork, meat and edible offal of poultry, deli meats, fish, shellfish, milk, yogurt, cottage cheese, cheese, vegetables, fruits, nuts, sausage and sugar syrups.
The restaurants started leapfrog with suppliers: prices of products grew, the need to urgently search for counterparts from other countries.
It will affect the most expensive restaurants in monokuhnej France, Italy, Spain, in which products are supplied directly from the "mother" countries.
Obŝepitu had to be rebuilt before.
For example, at the beginning of the year 2014 Russian phytosanitary service bans the import of Australian beef, and a year earlier, American and Canadian meat.
In return, suppliers have established supplies of beef from Argentina, Uruguay and New Zealand.
But sanctions summer-2014 have been much more serious.
However, 20 August, Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev has approved amendments to the presidential decree, which derive from the prohibition of young Atlantic salmon and trout, the babies sometime need lactose free milk, seed potatoes, sweet corn, peas and onions for sowing.
Italian Valerio hopes that sanctions could still be softened.
In the meantime, part of the restaurants there are in the face of uncertainty.
According to the company "Vostok-zapad", one of the largest suppliers of HoReCa, the proportion of imported products in the premium segment up to 70%.
"Expensive restaurants have to change the menu below that produce local farmers and other countries, said Sergei Mironov, restaurateur, owner of the Agency" Restkonsalt ".
If the chef is strong, for him, it will not be a problem.
We have only very few chefs, and to design a new menu may take two to three months.
Trigel′ from the restaurant "Brasserie Bridge" ready: to have from 10-15% of dishes, even half of the menu is redesign.
Mixed cuisine restaurants are already beginning to replace dishes such as steak marbled beef-the Beef Stroganoff, said Serguei Mironov.
"Cheese from Europe can be replaced with Russian, Belarusian cheeses, cheeses from Serbia, Argentina, Tunisia, Chile,-lists the representative of" East-West "Oksana Glibčuk.
Milk and dairy products from Europe have analogues in Russia and Belarus.
Chicken from the United States may be substituted for chicken out of Russia and Belarus, salmon and salmon from Norway-salmon, salmon, trout from Belarus and Chile.
The lack of fruits and vegetables produced in Europe could be offset by production of domestic producers, proposals from Serbia, Moldova and China.
According to Mironov, the budgetary network restaurants change will be easier than 1 segment: there were hardly any gourmets, able to distinguish Italian Buffalo mozzarella from the Russian.
Although it is difficult to have institutions of Ginza Project, he said.
The Ginza Project several dozen restaurants under different brands and with their menu.
The replacement will take a lot of time, "said Mironov.
In Ginza made comments, referring to the absence of owners in the country.
The owners of Cafe Caucasian and Central Asian cuisine emphasizes that products from the former Soviet republics more European
But there are many restaurants, which sanctions almost never touch.
These include establishments with CIS countries: Georgian, Uzbek, Armenian and Azerbaijani.
"In Georgian cuisine is not expensive products, said Khatuna Kolbaya, owner of Saperavi and Georgian Restaurant Cafe Vai me!".
All of the cheeses we make in Russia, many of the dishes-chicken, exotic Greens we don't use. "
In establishments Kolbai until no menu of dishes.
Timur Lanskoy, owner of the restaurants ' Tea N1 "with Uzbek cuisine, the sanctions also do not confuse: change it will have only the New Zealand lamb.
If Russia would import from Uzbekistan, Azerbaijan and Kazakhstan, we even win in price, for us it will be cheaper than imports from Europe, "he said.
From the CIS can be cheaper to get the tenderloin, lamb, tomato, cucumber, fruits.
That brought from Central Asia, much better than "plastic" from Italy, Spain and Turkey.
About Uzbek tomatoes all know that they're tasty, sweet.
About Spanish nobody said.
After the imposition of sanctions, the representative of the agriculture and water management of Uzbekistan Olimboj Artykov said it plans to increase exports of agriculture products to Russia by the year 2016.
Of its intention to replace the European import in Russia almost immediately after the imposition of the sanctions, said Belarus and Kazakhstan.
Fast food restaurants that responded to the query "Money" are also quite calmly react to sanctions.
McDonald's press service said that more than 85% of localization and networking works with 160 Russian suppliers.
According to Tatyana Bogdanova, head of Department on work with the suppliers Subway Russia, about 80% of the products network buys in Russia, although there may be temporary difficulties in the supply of vegetables and increasing prices for meat products that are produced from imported raw materials.
In the "Teremke" of "sanctions" were not at all products of more than 4%.
Not affected by sanctions and lapšičnuû "Wakker".
KFC, Burger King and "little potato" at the Money "did not respond, but other market participants argue that the degree of localization of Burger King much less than McDonald's.
In the absence of Norwegian fish restaurateurs are willing to buy Chilean rather than the Russian Far East
At its gorbuše
In the meantime, restaurateurs complain that due to increased demand as prices rise even to the local products.
"The products" Rakes "prices rose on average by 10-15%, for cherry Mio Italian restaurant"-twice, "said restaurateur Roman Rožnikovskij.
Even Georgian restaurants cost dishes will increase by 5-10%, recognizes Kolbaya.
"East-West" do not deny, "for example, Belarusian dairy products in August rose by 10-15%".
"Brazilian suppliers raised prices of pork almost doubled," complains Sergey cancer, Deputy Director General of "Stardogs".
Chicken chiken grew by 35%.
We are waiting for prices from China, maybe they will cool down the hot Brazilian head.
In the near future, "Stardogse" would be a planned increase in the price of 8%.
Now, and so is very unlikely to raise prices, says Cancer.
According to statistics, catering revenue growth for the second quarter of the year 2014 is just 1.8%.
It is the smallest figure after the year 2010.
Retail prices will rise further, he admitted, but it is unclear how long: while most restaurateurs zapaslos′ products for the next two months, hoping to ride out price fluctuations.
But that will be in two months, no one knows.
In the square in front of the City Hall of Moscow is worth a dozen tents decorated with greenery and wood.
In the center of the stage, the musicians play a waltz.
It is a Festival of regional products with a cheerful name "time is".
"We have long wanted to make a celebration of local food, and then there's just sanctions, we have organized the Festival," said one of the organizers.
Behind the scenes with the musicians of the Cook-Greek pasta salad prepared Anastas and homemade chocolates the other day was a master class in cooking Borsch with Caramelized Apples.
All of the products, the organizers say.
Tents-Russian exhibition of achievements of national economy.
Bashkirian honey, venison from Salekhard, vegetables from podmoskovny "Lenin Sovkhoz" obrusevšego of Italian cheeses, Jay Clowes.
"Salmon for restaurants, you can safely replace the other fish for salmon species from the far East," said the owner of a fishing shop "its people" by Philippe Galkin.
We have caught nerku, Ketu, Coho salmon, humpback salmon, King Salmon, "King Salmon".
Yes, they are not as fatty as Norwegian salmon because it's wild fish.
Norwegian salmon is the same aquaculture.
His hands take-it's not even stirring.
And our far East salmon you not hold in their hands.
Only establishments with no special claims agree to replace Italian Buffalo mozzarella is patriotic
In the window of his tent are prawns with tag "Magadan", cod, omul, muksun, mussels with Crimea, scallops from the far East.
Galkin is sure that it is high time to move on to fish from the far East.
According to statistics, the fish catch in Russia in 2013, with more than 4 million tons, a significant part of the fish goes to Japan, Korea and even in the United States.
Fish imports in 2013-m-about 800 thousand. tons.
Shop "your people" works with 2012 year, sells the fish through the online store, prior to the imposition of sanctions was still one and a half dozen restaurants, such as "the simple things".
Now to the age of the application were received from 15 restaurants.
The sushi is quite possible to do of our fish-gorâčitsâ it.
We zamoročilis′, tried different recipes.
Sushi now sell online in a million rubles per month.
Our fish is cheaper than several times and the delivery is a maximum of 15 rubles per kilogram.
In the confirmation in the Tabernacle Galkina I cooked portion of Philadelphia with Ed missile.
Unlike the rolls with salmon, these are longer to chew, but the knowledge that this fish is our native, gives strength.
Online shops "Their people" even rolls of halibut and sea bass.
Sushi bars, however, replaced Norwegian salmon prefer Chilean.
Galkin explains that cooks too lazy to come up with new recipes with far eastern fish.
"Russian fish suppliers, we have not yet offered,"-gives his explanation Killfish Bar owner Dimitri Evseev.
Roughly the same situation and with other products: Russian manufacturers could take a vacant niche, but this is not the case.
According to the founder and co-owner of Cold draft Boris Akimov, now you can speak rather of substitution of imports from Europe and America imports from China, Israel and Latin America.
There are large multinational corporations, which have powerful logistics and large volumes.
They are able to quickly replace prohibited imports as opposed to our farmers.
The ban will benefit primarily large producers of other countries, "said Akimov.
However, in the last month of the restaurant industry was more alarming than food sanctions.
The mass of unscheduled inspections of epidemiology has been temporarily suspended the activities of the three companies, McDonald's in Moscow and two regional utilities in Stavropol and Ekaterinburg.
"We are studying the essence of the claims to define the actions needed to accelerate the opening of restaurants for visitors," said "Money" in the press-service of the McDonald's.
In fact no one knows what will happen next.
If all the food to the sanctions, this is one option that you can survive, "said a company employee on condition of anonymity, a restaurant consulting firm.
If you begin to close the McDonald's across the country, the script will be very different.
"Personal data protection" rather than help the TRAFFIC POLICE
Insurance payments could be without TRAFFIC-so the CENTRAL BANK intends to promote in Russia "evroprotokola".
The Bank of Russia has drafted guidelines under which the 1 September this year to receive payments under the insurance the insured motorist will be able to do without the help of traffic police.
This, however, only when the accident was framed by "evroprotokolu" without the participation of the traffic police.
That is, if the ACCIDENT involved two vehicles, not only physically affected, the damage does not exceed the established limit and both drivers agreed who the culprit of the accident.
From 2 August to limit the "evroprotokolu" is 50 k. rub., and since 1 October in Moscow, St. Petersburg, as well as in the Moscow and Leningrad areas it will be raised to 400 k. rub.
The bottom line is that even minor injuries, in a situation where an ACCIDENT can be issued by "evroprotokolu", drivers caught in the accident, the cause of DPS.
After all, if you have Casco insurance get a refund without the help of TRAFFIC POLICE was impossible.
The parameters prescribed in the draft guidelines, and are designed to remove this obstacle in the way of "evroprotokola" in Russia.
According to them, the maximum payout on the insurance in connection with the ACCIDENT, TRAFFIC POLICE officers, without features should not be lower than the limit on "evroprotokolu".
But it could not, however, be higher limit as defined in the contract of insurance.
The idea is certainly useful and theoretically able to offload both DPS and roads.
But most likely, it will not come to delight any motorists or insurance companies.
The past is already talking about a serious threat to the growth of fraud that might result from the introduction of new rules for Casco.
As for the drivers, it's hard to imagine the work would have to be done to overcome the age-old Russian conservatism.
In most cases, the driver would spend hours waiting for the Inspector to make a small car accident, because it is more reliable.
And it is not clear that it will be easier to win a scam or convince drivers in "evroprotokola".
Savings certificate will make personal and irrevocable
The Finance Ministry wants to ban savings certificates to bearer, but allows banks to make them analogous to an irrevocable contribution.
The Finance Ministry is preparing a bill that would ban the bearer saving certificates.
Recently, this tool is gaining popularity, because the stakes are higher than on bank deposits.
The fact of the matter is that savings certificates on bearer shares do not fall in the deposit insurance system, and the Bank they are cheaper, because it is not necessary to make contributions to the Fund for deposit insurance agency (DIA).
Snag is that this step will be for small and medium-sized banks, distributing these certificates and will be affected by the savings bank and the Bank of Moscow, which is estimated to be 98% control the DIA, the profile of the market.
With the Bank of Moscow, according to the Agency, is about 3.5%.
The problem, explained in the ACB, is that a small bank customers who bought such a certificate, in the case of the revocation of his license, trying to get money from the ACB.
Some depositors, lacking sufficient financial literacy and buying savings certificates to bearer, may assume that their investments are insured.
Justified the absence of insurance payments on these certificates in the event of a licence being revoked, the Bank may lead to misunderstanding and social tensions.
In practice the agency there were cases when the bearer certificate holders tried to collect insurance compensation through the Court, "said the ACB.
The problem, of course, fiction.
You pay buyers the certificates still nobody will, because they by law have no right to compensation from the State.
If the case was that the tool is not immune to the ACB, would have banned together with him and the metal accounts, which means citizens counted in grams of one of the four metals-gold, silver, Platinum and Palladium.
Because these accounts are not included in the deposit insurance system, but their existence offends nobody.
It is likely that the bearer certificates are very common as commercial paper, that actually can act as kvazideneg.
The move virtually uncontrollable: any customer of the Bank may buy a certificate to every citizen, and to withdraw this certificate can change many of the hosts.
Not coincidentally, the Bill stipulated that savings certificate must be registered security which must be stored in the depository.
And to sweeten the pill of banks, such certificates shall be permitted to make without the right of early repayment.
There is an analogue of an irrevocable contribution, which has long been a dream of the bankers.
NATO Summit: the first protests in Nû′porte and Cardiff
The weekend protests were those who opposed NATO Summit in Newport.
On Saturday, hundreds gathered in downtown Newport to March against NATO.
And on Sunday in Cardiff, about 150 people gathered at the Town Hall of Cardiff for what was described as antisammit.
Stephen Fèjrklau watched for developments in the us over the weekend and talked with the protesters, who came from everywhere: from Bridženda to Belgium.
Germany will send to Iraq 30 anti-tank
Germany will supply arms to Iraq to counter militants of the terrorist group, the Islamic State, "reports the 31 August, ITAR-TASS News Agency, referring to the decision taken by the meeting of the representatives of the German Government led by Chancellor Angela Merkel.
Reportedly, Germany will send to Iraq 30 portable anti-tank missiles Milan and 500 charges to them, as well as the 8th. G36 and G3 assault rifles.
Deliveries will be carried out until the end of September.
In addition, Iraq has decided to divide 50 million euros for humanitarian assistance.
1 September, Mrs Merkel will speak in the Bundestag with the governmental statement on the subject.
So far, Germany has not supplied their guns in "hot spots".
The views of residents in WEST GERMANY about sending Iraqis weapons were divided.
Some believe that the only way to stop the fighters from the "Islamic State", others fear that it may eventually fall into the hands of terrorists.
Militia hit a Ukrainian patrol boat in the sea of Azov
Donetsk militia persuaded the Ukrainian patrol boat in the sea of Azov, the 31 August, ITAR-TASS News Agency.
According to the available data, it happened in Taganrog Bay near the settlements of Širokino and the nameless (10-20 km to the East of Mariupol).
A number of Ukrainian media report on the two Coast Guard boats.
Clarifies that incident occurred today around 16:20 GMT.
Teenagers were taken by helicopter from the blue mountains
Two teenagers-bušuokera were taken by helicopter to a safe place after spending the night, entangled in the blue mountains of new South Wales.
16-year-old girl and an 18-year-old young man went hiking shortly after noon Sunday at Govetts Leap in Blèkhite.
Worried relatives called the police about 8 p.m. when they returned home.
Was sent a search party, which included local police and rescue squad, and the couple found around 11 p.m. near the waterfall Brajdal Vale.
Girl injured her knee, and the young man fell and hurt his head.
Officers stayed with the couple on the night, and raised on the winch on Monday morning.
They were taken away by ambulance in stable condition in hospital, the Blue Mountains.
Met two Union
The summit talks in Minsk did not solve the problems, which were convened, but gave rise to a new format: leaders of the European Union met with the first persons of the future Eurasian
Let and alarming about the (situation around Ukraine delay does not tolerate), Customs Union and EU leaders for the first time discussed a number of "hot issues".
Whether this structure to work effectively, it is not clear; but it is clear who removed the cream with this Summit.
Questions on this subject have disappeared on the evening of 26 August, when Belarusians, and followed them and other Eurasians with Europeans saw in tv news new President Lukashenko.
The Belarusian leader has declared him an example of refined politeness, it was the behaviour of the person who just hit the jackpot-and the plans to a dignified old age in high society.
As Lukashenka's Independence helped
Arrival in Minsk three major European Commissioners (Ministers of the EU), who met with Lukashenko and allowed him to speak at the final briefing on their behalf-not just the legitimization of the President with 20 years of experience.
This is an application for recognition of Minsk the full subject of European policy and the main mediator of the Ukrainian crisis.
A senior analyst of the Belarusian Institute for strategic studies Denis Text sure: from now on, Brussels will not be able to have a talk with Minsk in the same tone as before.
"The fact that Catherine Ashton met tête-à-tête with Lukashenka, suggests that relations with the EU will be released and go on," he said "Light".
This is the hidden part of the iceberg: the breakthrough of Belarusian authorities have started well before the November Maidan in Kyiv in the summer of 2013.
"The results achieved and with the EU-that successful negotiations on visa facilitation and readmission agreements, dialogues on the modernization-lists talking" Lights ", and the United States held talks on international security.
States even removed some sanctions.
As for the Ukrainian events are themselves and response guide Belarus only encouraged this process.
Minsk, on the one hand, managed to keep relations with Ukraine-warm enough to not lose in mutual trade, and the President could come to Belarus Poroshenko on negotiations.
On the other hand, the Belarusian leader that not de jure recognized the joining of Crimea to Russia and called for the punishment of pro-Russian militiamen in the Donbass region to the full extent not quarreled with Moscow.
Minsk is not out either from the Customs Union of RUSSIA and Belarus is a Russian air base.
Brussels and Washington have noticed Minsk's balanced position on the Ukrainian issue and appreciated her, believe Belarusian experts.
No matter how successful the movement's political diversification, will be seen by how frequently in the near future Minsk will host meetings in the format of EU + TC.
The press-service of the EU High Representative for foreign policy and diplomacy Catherine Ashton were unable to answer questions about what Brussels expects from the relationship in the new format.
Ashton spokesman Maya Kos′ânčič only said "Light" that address issues of war and peace, this subject was not a priority.
While there have been reports that the next meeting place on the Ukrainian issue, with the participation of top officials in the new format can become and Kazakhstan.
A drop of tar for Minsk was President Nursultan Nazarbayev's statement, in which he confessed that he is personally asked the representatives of the European Union.
However, at the end of the briefing, Alexander Lukashenko made it clear: all parties have nothing against Minsk remain the central venue for meetings in the format of Russia-OSCE-Ukraine-and at the level of Heads of State and high representatives of the European Commission.
This means that the "last dictator of Europe" is a completely rukopožatnogo the European leader who helps to solve a global problem.
The best friend of the European farmer
The EU delegation, which included European Commissioners on trade and energy, who was pushing to a conclusion: the main background of the Summit is not the tragic situation in the Donbass, and economy.
In fact, sverstannoe in a meeting schedule of future negotiations on gas supplies and to overcome fears of CU on the association agreement between Ukraine and the EU looks towards bigger than peace declaration without specific dates and numbers.
Commissioner for trade Karl de Gucht, however, marked: representatives of the EU "came to Minsk to seek solution to the political crisis, which has economic consequences, and not the other way around."
It seems, however, that the crisis in the economy and in the Ukraine "works" in Belarus.
Its consequences-especially mutual sanctions of the West and Russia to give Minsk, which itself is sankcionnoe pressure, a welcome room for manoeuvre.
According to the head of Mises Research Center, the former candidate for Presidency of Belarus yaraslau ramanchuk, European investors are actively interested in the possibilities of Belarus to supply agricultural products to the RUSSIAN FEDERATION to bypass sanctions.
This makes the supply chain for which Vladimir Putin chided the Summit in Minsk.
"These schemes, said Ramanchuk" Light "," are not the Belarusian businessmen, and Russian companies.
They have long worked out schemes of delivery of goods, including those from Poland, Germany, Lithuania, and today those schemes have been destroyed.
Russian business is in dire need to somehow restore them, even through the Belarusian structures.
The second storyline continues expert-is that many Ukrainian companies willing to manufacture in Belarus of Ukrainian raw materials also focused on Russian market.
The Ukrainian manufacturers of about 4 billion dollars of exports to Russia, and Belarusian production and trade schemes now could be very popular. "
According to ramanchuk, the role of the host site for the negotiations, the EU and the VEHICLE is ideal for Lukashenka and from the point of view of the development of economic relations with Europe.
He recalled that the EU agricultural sector losses from sanctions Moscow estimated at 5-10 billion euros, and the European Commission are currently suggested that farmers only 125 million euros compensation.
The Belarusian President can offer Brussels work together to minimize the impact on evrofermerov.
This can increase the credibility of Lukashenka to the EU at an unprecedented height.
Hospitality without initiatives
Catherine Ashton thanked the Belarusian authorities for the initiative of convening the Summit.
But the paradox is that the official Minsk from playing an active role in the birth of the format of EU + otkreŝivaetsâ TC, and the Belarusian leader at a meeting with Ukrainian counterpart stressed that the initiator of the new format and became the Kiev.
"It was your suggestion to come, without any discussion, not with Nawala Bay-barahty to take a decision, after signing an agreement on association with the EU, to understand the situation, which was at that time in Ukraine"-he turned in front of the cameras to Peter Poroshenko.
However, observers have interpreted this as an attempt to appease Moscow, it is rumored to have originally been against the mediation of Minsk, which greatly increases his political weight.
The Belarusian diplomatic Office diligently emphasize that the interaction of the EU and the TC on their soil is not an AX to grind, and the ultimate goal of this format in the future-creating a single economic space from Lisbon to Vladivostok.
"It is absolutely in the spirit of the same concepts in other areas, in particular in the area of security, promotes and advances the guide our strategic ally, the Russian Federation," said the Foreign Ministry of Belarus "for his cigarette, Office, recently meticulously selected words.
In Moscow there may be congestion charge zone
The Moscow City Government considering introducing zones with paid entry as a method of struggle congestion Central roads in line with other major cities of the world, the М24.ru, with reference to the Deputy Mayor of Moscow on transport by Maxim Liksutova.
One of the options that has been successful is a paid entry.
This expert opinion, we will study it, look at all the minuses and pluses.
To say that on this occasion made any decisions yet, "said Liksutov.
The Deputy Mayor stressed that for the authorities in the capital is very important experience of Asian cities, which are similar in structure and activity are similar to those of Moscow.
One of the decisions taken in these countries is already implemented the construction of the main ring road, added Liksutov.
Recent construction of a Central ring road is an example of what does not have all the traffic flowing through Moscow.
If there was adequate infrastructure detour, you do not need to have the transit traffic in Moscow ",-said the Deputy Mayor.
Maksim Liksutov also said that the introduction of paid parking lots significantly unburden the capital streets.
And, he said, the city authorities do not plan to stop there.
Earlier, the Mayor of the Russian capital on August 26 Sergei Sobyanin has participated in the groundbreaking ceremony of the construction of the first start-up complex of the Moscow Central ring road (MOSCOW).
Boredom is sinful
The film by Frank Miller and Robert Rodriguez's "Sin City-2: a woman of worth killing" committed is not the revolution that was to be expected from him.
The first Sin City (2005), shot at the minimum, but symbolic, participation of Quentin Tarantino, made a revolution in the relationship between the movies, comic books and literary Noire.
The sequel, too, in its own way revolûcionen: in the sense that it destroys fundamental for modern thinking chain of "thesis-antithesis-synthesis" (as understood by the thesis of the film noir universe, and the antithesis of comics-to-space).
Now it should read: "thesis-antithesis-chaos".
Sin City-2 "chaotic and dramaturgičeskom, and on the philosophical level, both times it's chaotic in the worst possible sense of the word.
Yes, some of the characters familiar from the first "City", though, here's a Bruiser Marv (Mickey Rourke), I finished my life in the electric chair, but here, nothing, just manages to out-in the role of a warrior-folk of the air knives and other axes of udavkami.
But old people literally push elbows newcomers, like vlomivšiesâ in the town from some other movie, about the meaning and the story which the spectators are asked not to worry.
So, its own history, authors at the torn-shamelessly exciting place, the superudačlivogo player Johnny (Joseph Gordon-Levitt).
A-u frigidnoj-Eve lustfully Lord (Eva Green) and something mstâŝego it Dwight (Josh Brolin).
But this confusion, in which Dwight in, say, the person does not distinguish from Johnny-so much so that, like other parts of the body, characters with inexorable regularity, demolished-it does not matter and not even half of the problem.
It's not the people, and we understand that it is a film noir: the Archetypes of rock bitch, too confident, pleased the player in "honeyed trap" sex detective, a corrupt Senator ghoul.
Well, when archetype an archetype with val′siruet and archetype pogonâet, then this is not the movies and read the abstract painting.
A set of abstract painting questions about the logic of the plot is ridiculous.
Moreover, even in this chaotic world there is something permanent.
Battle sluts from the first "City" still hold the circular defence against besieging their native slums of the forces of darkness.
Yes and the ghost detective Hartigan is a no-no, and look at the light, and Bruce Willis is always nice to see.
The main problem of "the city of sin-2" is another.
Frank Miller was good because as a draftsman with talent joined the comic and film noir, and as a Director-flipped view on how to transfer the comics to the screen.
Comics and noir-two aggressively competing "realities".
The phenomenon of comics in the modern form was born in the late 1920 's, when novels by Dashiell Hammett "bloody harvest" (1929), "the Maltese Falcon" (1930) and "the glass key" (1931) created a Canon of film noir, which then hard-boiled school-"cool school".
Well, or pulp fiction.
Comics have presented dozens of Hollywood heroes: from sexy sailor Popayá-souls of spinach, giving him a heroic power, Superman, Batman and syskarâ Dick Tracy to the Hulk, Thor, Spider-man, and the other "the Avengers".
But in any movies based on the comic was something of a damaging drawn characters stubbornly unwilling to grow into on-screen flesh remained pritvorâškami in the surrounding them willy-nilly the ' real ' world.
Simply put, they were completely deprived of "existence".
Noir, on the contrary, the most existential genre of world literature.
After the world wars the traditional Roman-mood, character, family scandals and historical background-lost all credibility.
What are the Forsajty, which Thibault and Rougon-Makkary, what even Bolkonskie and Rostovy generally impossible after Auschwitz and Hiroshima, Verdun?
A novel mutated peacefully in the format of a soap opera, a crime-that is, by definition, marginal-Roman rose to the level of philosophical prose.
Hammett the hard way learned that such work as a medical orderly at the front.
He was a Communist.
As, by the way, were, at least, close to the Communist Party and the pillars of the genre, such as writers Horace McCoy and Jim Thompson, directed by Jules Dassin, Joseph Losey, Edward Dmytryk.
Therefore, Noir, the archetype of which they asked, firstly, rude and cynical, and secondly to purely socialen.
It's almost an American version of social realism.
The first "Sin City" was good what is unnatural, but organically combines comics with Noire.
For the first time on the screen, returned to comics are not embarrassed by its graphic nature, and not be a "real" movie.
The darkness of the sales world, where Cardinal ordered the murder, and the Senator covered monstrous sadistic son was quite worthy of the pen Hèmmeta.
And beautiful details like cut off heads, that sadist decorated their pen, genius Jack James Elroy, author of "the black Orchid" and better-that is, to the sickening-the representative of neonuara.
Sin City-2 "is not even a retreat, and surrender of radical Miller-stylistics-Rodriguez before the comic tradition.
Probably, this is largely due to the 3D technology.
When you look at the second Sin City, you feel enclosed in a glass bowl, in which snow falls asleep toy Cloaca.
However, more often it doesn't snow and bloody clumps, but by and large what's the difference?
Oh and about the sociality and say nothing.
It is possible only when somewhere, in some places we have, at times, even on the side of a dirty swamp, but there is the normal world, where you can return the pošedšuû curve track girl or, say, tell her parents that inconsolable at this second destroyer was punished.
When in the city of sin, there is no place for anything except sin, and Sin is the Sin and not the norm.
Boring, like any rule.
Chaos "Sin City-2" is just boring.
In fairness to the domestic rental gave the brakish Sin small, but perčinku.
Caution: in the movie, captioning contained harmful smoking scenes.
In relation to the spectacle, the vegetarian episode which forceps break fingers, it gives one hell of a sense of humor.
Hèmmetu would love.
Socialists should "shut up and lead France into the order," said a key ally Francois Hollande
Mr. Vall urged the deeply have divided themselves left-wing forces "to demonstrate the warm attitude" in the face of attacks from the President-Socialist whose changes have not been approved by an overwhelming majority of the French.
The President deserves respect everybody, he deserves our loyalty, he deserves our support.
"It is our duty to stay close to him," he said, prompting applause.
As a gesture of reconciliation, the Prime Minister assured that his Government would not compromise the controversial 35-hour work week in France, despite the escalating conflict of proposals, it should ease the regulations made by Emmanuel Makronom, the new Minister of economy, earlier this week.
Mr. Hollande on Saturday pleaded with his fellow Socialist Party remain the "United" with the Government.
However, Christian Minister, ûsitcii, Tobira stuck sticks in the wheel came to a meeting of dissidents by members of Parliament from the Socialist Party and the Socialist Party criticized for having allowed the French to "lose faith in the future".
Marine Le Pe, leader of the extreme right national front, expressed contempt for the constant internal conflicts among the Socialists, saying that it is not that the new Government will last more than a few months Vallâ.
François hollande-naked King, but naked and Prince Manuel Valle, forced to assemble a new Government when the former has not survived and the summer.
"And a new will not fall or winter," Ms Le Pen told reporters.
It reiterated his party's call for the dissolution of Parliament, saying she was confident that the party could easily win the early elections and is ready to operate.
France's ruling party suffered a defeat in the March municipal elections, and extremely right national front came first in elections in May.
The Sunday Journal du Dimanche poll found that 76 percent of the French believe that the Socialist Party would disintegrate into several rival factions before the end of the presidential term of Mr Hollande in the year 2017.
Pascal Perrineau, a political scientist from the University Of S′âns, warned that the French would quickly lose patience if the new Socialist Government will not be able to improve the economy and record unemployment.
"He has a little time, but public opinion quickly feel that something is changing," he warned.
Otherwise, the situation could become even worse.
"A city without drugs" was left without claim
Sverdlovsk Regional Court of arbitration upheld the lawsuit without consideration of the regulatory Board of the regional Ministry for State property to fund the "city without drugs."
The Office had intended to collect the more than 7 million rubles. as the rental building in the center of Ekaterinburg.
However, the plaintiff twice failed to appear in court.
Today the Court of Sverdlovsk region left without consideration of the suit of the Executive Directorate of the Ministry of State property management in the region (MUGISO) to fund the "city without drugs" (one of the founders of the Mayor of Yekaterinburg Yevgeny Royzman).
Representatives of regional authorities intended to recover from the 7.3 million rubles. as the rental of the building.
Today it is known that a plaintiff has twice failed to appear in court, which decided not to review.
The reason for the absence of representatives of the Directorate of MUGISO could not explain, Maxim Titov, head of the Legal Department did not answer phone calls.
The Fund also could not be contacted.
Remember, we are talking about the mansion that has served the Foundation in downtown in belinski Street, 19 gratis from 2011 onwards.
This decision was taken by ex-Governor Alexander Misharin.
In November 2012, Management Directorate of the Ministry of State property management of the Sverdlovsk region, filed a lawsuit in the Court of Sverdlovsk on eviction from the building Fund.
According to the lawsuit, the Agency required the Court to recognize the prisoner agreement gratuitous use of location of the mansion-the monument.
According to the Directorate, MUGISO in the agreement have not been recorded the essential conditions for the lease of an object of cultural heritage.
Sverdlovsk regional court dismissed the appeal, then in the 17-th arbitration Perm, which was granted.
Then in the same court Fund filed an appeal against this decision, which remained unchanged, and the decision was appealed by the Supreme Arbitration Court, but the Court took the side of the Directorate.
In 2013, a new lease was signed, under which the Fund began to pay rent, the Mayor told Yevgeny Royzman.
The rent was 300 thous. rub. per month.
The previous administration handed us this building donated by recognizing our achievements in the fight against drugs, as a mark of respect to the Foundation.
The current Administration decided differently, "he said.
Tatyana Drogaeva, Ekaterinburg
Why is the Mayor of Yekaterinburg have offered to voluntarily
24 July member gordumy Ekaterinburg Aleksandr Kosincev suggested that United Russia Member Mayor-speaker gordumy Eugene Rojzmanu to resign.
The reason was a criminal case against a man arrested on suspicion of murdering the pensioner Deputy Oleg gordumy Kineva, a supporter of the Mayor.
As Eugene Rojzmanu found a criminal case
1 July it became known that a criminal case over "libel" (article 128.1 of the Criminal Code) in the blog of the Mayor of Yekaterinburg Yevgeny Roizman.
This was reported in the research Affairs in the Sverdlovsk region, where requested the Director General "protection" Law Center "Anna Filatova.
According to her, Mr Royzman accused it in his blog that it was involved in the crimes, allegedly committed by her former husband.
The Mayor of Yekaterinburg is convinced that "this is another attempt to get revenge for the truth".
the iPhone will transform into a purse
On the eve of 9 September, when Apple is expected to submit its new developments, new press leak on what to expect from your presentation.
With reference to the sources of American media report that the sixth generation iPhone will be equipped with a mobile wallet as a result of the joint project between Apple and payment systems Visa, MasterCard and American Express.
According to data from Bloomberg and specialized Internet resource Re/code, at the presentation of new products September 9 Apple also may announce a joint project with Visa, MasterCard and American Express, the new smartphone iPhone 6 will feature a mobile wallet.
The company refused to comment on the matter.
This function allows you to make payment at the cash register shop via Smartphone.
Identification of the payment will be carried out by the user according to his fingerprint using Touch ID.
It is reported that the iPhone will be the first integrated NFC technology (near field communication), which allows you to make contactless payment using your Smartphone and reader at the cash register.
The NFC will be available through a special microprocessor of the Dutch high-tech company NXP (formerly Philips Semiconductors).
First NFC was introduced back in 2004, within the framework of cooperation of the companies Sony, Nokia, Philips Semiconductors and hundreds of other companies included in the so called NFC Forum-Association for the advancement of this technology.
The first phone with NFC was released by Nokia in 2006 year.
The first Android Smartphone with NFC-Samsung Nexus S-was introduced in the year 2010.
In May 2011, Google introduced Google Wallet system that allows users to bind bank cards to your Google account and pay using the Android Smartphone.
However, u.s. experts have stressed that, despite the significant investment of high-tech companies in the promotion of NFC technology, American retailers are still cautious to innovation and not too willing to spend money on equipment of its stores of such systems.
Now observers are hoping that Apple's entry into this market still will force retailers to accelerate and to introduce this technology in its outlets.
France: Paris ' position on the supplies to Russia "then more thinning would occur" not changing
French Foreign Ministry spokesman Romain Nadal said Paris ' position on the continued supply of Russia vertoletonoscev type "Mistral".
"I can recall the statement of the President of the Republic (François Hollande), made in an interview with the newspaper Le Monde of 20 August:" today the level of sanctions did not prevent delivery.
This decision of the Europeans, and not France, "said Mr Nadal" RIA News ".
As representative of the French Foreign Ministry replied to the question whether the deterioration of the situation in the Ukraine on Paris ' position has changed in the implementation of the contract
For more information on shipments to Russia vertoletonoscev read the article the magazine "Ogonek" Mistral "almost" our ".
The National Security Council of Ukraine: in the past 24 hours in the area of power operation killed seven soldiers
Representative of the national security and Defense Council of Ukraine Andriy Lysenko said that over the past 24 hours in fighting in the East of the country killed seven Ukrainian troops, another 25 were injured.
The situation under extremely difficult Ilovajskom.
Until the operation has completed the withdrawal of troops from the environment, details will not be published.
When the operation will be released casualty figures and reasons for the current situation.
The culprits in the case will be held accountable, "added Mr. Lysenko, refusing to discuss in more detail the situation under Ilovajskom, where several Ukrainian battalions were surrounded.
A spokesman for the NATIONAL SECURITY and DEFENSE COUNCIL, "all attempts to return the soldiers, prisoners," ITAR-TASS reported.
Mr. Lysenko also noted that the Ukrainian military withdrew from the City in the direction of the village of Georgievka.
Learn more about the situation in the East of Ukraine, read the article "Ъ" "arsen Avakov: first Ukrainian military withdrew from the environment under Ilovajskom".
Norwegian Cruise is approaching $ 3 billion deal with Prestige Cruises
Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd NCHL. O, the third largest cruise operator in the world, is in the final stages of negotiations to acquire similar companies Prestige Cruises International Inc for about $ 3 billion, according to people familiar with the situation.
The deal would give Norwegian Cruise company, with a market stoimst′û us $ 6.8 billion, access to cruise ships, luxury and secured clients Prestige Cruises, as it competes with larger rival Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. (RCL. N) and Carnival Corp (CCL. (N)).
An agreement could be announced as early as this week, sources said Sunday, warning that the talks could still fall through.
The owner of Prestige Cruises, private equity firm Apollo Global Management LLC (APO. N), also owns 20 per cent shares of Norwegian Cruise.
The sources asked to remain unnamed because negotiations are not public.
Representatives of Norwegian Cruise and Prestige Cruises did not respond to requests to comment, while a spokesman for Apollo declined to comment on the information.
Norwegian Cruise, based in Miami, operates 13 cruise ships on the routes covering North America, the Mediterranean, the Baltic Sea, Central America and the Caribbean.
Its revenue was $2,57 billion in 2013, at 13 per cent more than in 2012.
Prestige Cruises, also based in Miami, operates under the brands of Oceania and Regent, who together own the eight cruise ships sailing in the Mediterranean, Scandinavia, Russia, North America, Asia, Africa and South America.
It said revenue in the $ 1.2 billion in 2013, the 6 per cent higher than a year earlier.
It is expected that the $ 29-billion cruise industry benefit in the following years the growth of the middle class in emerging economies such as China and India.
Company racing to position itself as the cruise operators, these new preferred customers.
Prestige Cruises was incorporated in the United States regulatory authorities for an initial public offering in January 2014.
Apollo has become the main shareholder in the company after the $ 850-million deal in 2007 year.
Norwegian Cruise was established, as there is now, in the year 2000 as a result of the merger with cruise operator, owned by Genting Bhd (GENT. KL), Casino and entertainment conglomerate, controlled by Malaysian billionaire before Lim Kok Thea.
Apollo invested $ 1 billion in Norwegian Cruise in 2008 year.
Norwegian Cruise has turned into a public company in January 2013 onwards.
Genting has owned shares in 28 percent owned by Apollo, 20 per cent of the shares and the private equity firm TPG Capital LP owned an 8 per cent share in the company, at the end of June, according to reports.
Carnival, Royal Caribbean Cruises and Norwegian Cruise together make up 82 percent of cruise passengers in North America, according to registration documents at the first public offering of shares Prestige Cruises.
Tv and radio company "Krym" can get 250 million grants
In Minkomsvyazi Russia offer to State tv and radio company "Krym" 250 million rubles. in the year 2014.
As the draft resolution on a single Communications Portal for disclosing information about the preparation of regulations, subsidies are scheduled to spend "to cover the cost of creating the conditions for large-scale coverage of the socio-economic situation and development of the modern information environment in the territory of the Republic of Crimea".
The money will go towards the purchase of equipment, repairs to the roof and energy systems in the building of the broadcasting company, which was founded in the year 1959, reports RIA Novosti.
Hong Kong's democratic movement activists disrupted the speech by the Chinese representative on the day after the decision on the election
A group of citizens, loyal to Beijing, stood nearby, waving the Chinese flag.
The Standing Committee of the national people's Congress on Sunday determined the procedure, according to which only two or three candidates will be allowed to take part in the election for Hong Kong's leader by 2017.
All candidates must first obtain the support of the majority of the members of the Committee for nomination, which probably will be full of Beijing loyalists.
The decision makes it almost impossible for the democratic opposition to the ballot and forced the activists of the democratic movement to promise to stop financial center Hong Kong protests "Occupy Central".
Political reform is a major source of tension in Hong Kong because the Chinese party leaders fear that the call for democracy will spread to other cities.
Following the publication of the Beijing document describing China's control over Hong Kong in June, activists of democratic movement held an unofficial referendum on the election of the Special Administrative Region, and hundreds of thousands were downtown and staged a sit-in.
Whether the briefing is organized by the Hong Kong Government and the Chinese liaison office in Hong Kong.
Vice Chairman of the Standing Committee of the national people's Congress, Zhang Rongšun, Deputy Director of the Office for Hong Kong and Macau S.A.R. Government Council Feng Wei also had to speak at a series of briefings throughout the day.
Student activists said they will gather near the building of the Government of Hong Kong in the afternoon.
United Kingdom not mentioned on democratic governance for Hong Kong until the last days of 150 years of colonial rule.
The Israeli authorities intend to join the 400 hectares of land belonging to the Palestinian Authority
The Israeli authorities announced that they intend to join the 400 hectares of land in the West Bank, owned by the Palestinian Authority.
According to the BBC, the decision to join the South Bethlehem land stems from the desire to repay for the abduction and murder of three Israeli teenagers in June this year.
The capture of the Israeli Defense Ministry announced on Sunday and asked the military to establish administration in the West Bank.
A spokesman for the Gaza Strip Saeb Arikat, the world community should call on Israel to task for "continuing settlement activity in the West Bank and East Jerusalem."
Putin demands Kyiv to start negotiations on the "statehood" of Eastern Ukraine
According to the Russian news reports of his remarks, Russian President Vladimir Putin demanded on Sunday that the Ukrainian Government has stopped fighting with separatists in the East of the country and the immediate start of negotiations on the "statehood" of the breakaway region.
His spokesman, Dmitry Peskov, later clarified that Putin had not meant to imply a tip that vostočnoukrainskaâ the territory under the control of the separatists will become part of Russia, but that its status in Ukraine need to be reviewed to give speaking region to protect their rights and interests.
However, Putin's call to the Kiev Government to begin negotiations with pro-Russian rebels as equals was obvious strategy, which it should since the beginning of the bloodshed five months ago: help the separatists take away territory and force the Ukrainian Government to give novoprovozglašennoj the territory of Novorossiya de facto independence to move closer to Russia, not the West.
In an interview with public television's first channel, Putin condemned the Ukrainian military campaign on return of the separatist-held in the Eastern Donetsk and Lugansk regions, who were captured in March and April after Moscow annexed the Ukrainian peninsula of Crimea on March 18.
The Kremlin and separatists recently named the captured territory Novorossiia, or the new Russia, a name that refers to the pre-revolutionary Russian Empire's glory days.
Putin said that anyone who believes that the peace talks will take place in the near future, when Ukrainian politicians begin to campaign for the parliamentary elections of 26 October and while government troops attacking a peaceful settlement to the separatist-held regions, "the prisoner of illusion", ITAR-TASS reported.
"We must immediately start substantive negotiations, not only on technical matters, but also on the political structure of society and the State status of South-Eastern Ukraine, to meet the interests of the people living there," he said.
Peskov said that Putin's statehood meant in the context of a more wide-ranging autonomy, which had been discussed for months with leaders in Kiev in an attempt to calm fears in the Russian-speaking areas, their cultural and linguistic rights are in danger.
Only the Ukrainian Government can give the necessary autonomy to regions East, "peskov said.
It is not a matter for discussion between Ukraine and Russia, "peskov said," because it is not a conflict between Russia and Ukraine, and Ukrainian internal conflict ".
The Kremlin's Press Secretary's intervention to correct the "erroneous interpretation" of Putin's words underscored the decision of Russian authorities to act against the separatist rebellion in the East by any means other than open capture the Crimea, where most of the 2 million population are ethnic Russians.
Moscow would have had to endure far more difficult battle to attach even Donetsk and Luhansk region of Eastern Ukraine, as the majority of the 6.5 million inhabitants are Russians, and polls before the beginning of the conflict have shown broad support for the desire to stay in Ukraine.
Autonomy, which Russian diplomats discussed at international forums would give regional governments the power to determine trade agreements and foreign policy, in fact, passing the Kremlin effective control of the territory that would connect the main territory of Russia with the Crimea.
On the Black Sea peninsula, joined five months ago, the main Russian military fleet and commercial marine institutions and historic seaside resorts.
In the regions between the Russian Rostov oblast and the Crimea are also mines, factories and foundries that manufacture the equipment for the Russian army.
Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko suggested during his inauguration speech on June 7 to Ukrainian legislators after new elections, considered the amendments to the Constitution to give the secessionist regions greater control over its finances and status of the languages.
However, his view of autonomy appears to be quite different from the view of the Kremlin and separatist rebels, arming and abetting accused Moscow.
Last call for Putin to Kiev to negotiate with separatist leaders, as equals, followed by new offensives by the rebels last week after Russian troops and tanks entered the Eastern Ukraine from the first peaceful area along the sea of Azov.
Russia supported separatists took control of the city Novoazovsk on the offensive, to which employees of the Ukrainian Security Service say they are afraid that it is the beginning of a campaign to seize strategic territory to the coast of the Crimea.
This resulted in large-scale civilian and military efforts to strengthen steel port of Mariupol, 500000 inhabitants, which lies between the Novoazovskiy and narrow passage on the Crimean peninsula.
Poroshenko on Saturday appealed to European Union leaders meeting in Brussels to call for measures to prevent further Russian aggression against Ukraine, a former Soviet Republic, which was the independent 23 year.
"We are approaching the point of no return," warned Poroshenko.
Thousands of foreign military and hundreds of foreign tanks currently on the territory of Ukraine.
The EU Summit failed to take certain measures; the leaders called for the drafting of more severe sanctions against Russia, which will be taken in the event of any escalation of the crisis.
Ukrainian soldiers had to withdraw from their positions in ilovays'k after two columns of Russian armored vehicles and 1000 military last week entered the Donetsk region to support separatists in difficulty, Col. Andriy Lysenko, spokesman for the Council for national security and defense of Ukraine told reporters in Kiev on Saturday.
The first of 63 Ukrainian soldiers who reportedly withheld as a result of the Russian invasion in Ilovaysk, were exchanged Sunday at 10 Russian aviadesantnikov taken on Ukrainian territory a week ago, said Lysenko on Sunday.
Scandal with naked photo captures Australian celebrities and Gabi Greco
Jeffrey Èdel′sten expressed his disgust to hackers, who may have stolen nude pics of Gaby Greco and his bride a list of Hollywood stars.
Hollywood in shock after a series of explicit pictures, which depicted a nude Jennifer Lawrence, got into the Internet as a result of large-scale hacking scandal with celebrities.
It is said that the hacker responsible for it, there are about 60 photos Star "hunger games" Lawrence and superstars, including model Kate Upton and Kara Wear, singer Rihanna, Ariana Grande and Lea Michele and actress Kirsten Dunst.
The Australian actors Teresa Palmer, Emily Browning, Yvonne Strahovski and living in Melbourne, Greco also were allegedly stolen photos leak with iCloud.
In the list of 101 names of celebrities.
Èdel′sten, who made the Greek proposal last month, saying Confidential: "it's disgusting".
All private correspondence and photos should remain private.
Awful, that personal information can be stolen and circulated to other people.
Greco, which is based in New York, reportedly told news website that the hacker attack was "shameful" and that those to whom it was directed, "feel that they have invaded".
Assume that the attacker has 30 photos of Palmer with former boyfriend Scott Spidmenom, including two of the frame where it rests by the pool with a bare-breasted.
The Palmer in the movie include "love and honor" along with Liam Hemsvortom.
Palmer, the star of the film "Chuck" Strahovski, actress from "the prohibited hold" Browning yesterday did not comment on the stolen pictures.
Representative Lawrence told TMZ: "this is a blatant invasion of privacy."
Actor Seth Rogen expressed his outrage against the hacker wrote on Twitter: "Upload pictures, stolen from a mobile phone, in fact, is no different from the sale of stolen goods".
Simply from a legal point of view, cannot be to tolerate the publication of stolen photos.
Found a potential way to steal photos of nude celebrities
Mass hacking of accounts of stars, perhaps via a vulnerability in an application Find My Phone.
The potential scenario described The Next Web resource.
Github was published at the resource script in Python, that allows to Find My service to Apple's Phone.
This service allows you to track the location of the iPhone.
To access it using the same bunch of Apple ID login and password for access to the cloud Apple iCloud, which were stolen celebrity photos.
The script allowed the brute-force attack to Find the password for My Phone.
In this method, all possible combinations of characters are entered sequentially, starting with the most frequently used passwords.
The author of the script claimed that the Find My Phone service number of input options for passwords is unlimited.
With the right security system after several unsuccessful attempts to enter the wrong password, the account should be blocked and notify the user about trying to crack.
Because users have not received any reports of an attempt to recover a password for their account.
Hackers have learned the password from Apple ID and use it to access iCloud.
According to user's Hackapp in Twitter, vulnerability was discovered two days ago, on Saturday, and it is written by a script program to guess passwords.
At the moment a vulnerability is closed: after five attempts, access to the service will be blocked.
Resource user contacted Hackapp, and he noted that the vulnerability affects many services, but noted that it did not have evidence that this vulnerability was used to access the account "stars".
It's not me, plz RT
On Twitter the Prime Minister once again appeared extraneous entries
Although there is no solid evidence that the photo was used to steal the vulnerability in the Find My Phone, previously was a wave of malicious activity using this service.
Hackers intercept device management and demanded a ransom from the owners.
In that case, Apple said that in this case, the cloud security has not been compromised, but has not conducted investigations about how users have lost their accounts.
Russia has also previously been hacked Twitter RUSSIAN Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev.
If attackers gained access to iCloud described above, then there could account password is stored and the head of Government in the microblogging service.
The Next Web resource failed to get comments Apple about the vulnerability in the Find My Phone.
Putin granted Russian citizenship of Ukrainian pâtiborke
Russian President Vladimir Putin granted Russian citizenship well known Ukrainian athlete Anna Buriak.
A decree published on the Web site for legal information.
Earlier this year, she moved to Russia for permanent residence and contacted the Federation of modern pentathlon for the opportunity to perform for the national team of RUSSIA.
In 2013, she won two world cups, won a silver medal at the European individual Championship Cup and became world champion in the mixed relay, which is one of the new programs in the sport.
It holds a leading position in the current season.
Under the rules, to perform at the Olympic Games 2016 in Rio de Janeiro, it will need to obtain a special permit of the Olympic Committee of Ukraine.
Anna Buriak is not the first Ukrainian athlete, what changed the citizenship.
In July, Putin decided to extradite a Russian passport chess player Ekaterina Lahno-1880s of Lviv, which is twice the champion of Europe (2005, 2008), the world blitz Championship (2010) and rapid (2014).
In the women's team of Ukraine athlete won the chess Olympiad in Turin (2006), World Team Championship in Astana (2013) and European Team Championship in Warsaw (2013).
The STOCK MARKET has stopped investigating the crash of a Tu-204 in Vnukovo
Russia's investigative Committee (Mrs) stopped the criminal investigation into the crash of a Tu-204 's Red Wings.
The press-service of the Ministry.
The decision was made in connection with the death of the aircraft commander and flight engineer.
Forensic evidence showed that the cause of the accident was excessive speed landing approach, the failure of the crew of the standard procedures for planting, as well as the unintentional output engines buoyantly straight thrust.
The Tu-204 Red Wings Airlines flight Prague-Moscow, December 29, 2012 year crashed while landing at Moscow airport Vnukovo.
Vykatilos′ aircraft for the runway and caught fire.
At the scene killed the captain, co-pilot and flight engineer.
Two flight attendants were taken to hospitals, where he died from his injuries.
Three flight attendants, hospitalized with serious injuries, were long-term treatment.
In addition, serious injuries received a driver coming at the time of the disaster on the Kiev highway.
Passengers on board the aircraft were not.
The transport Prosecutor's Office after the disaster held in Red Wings checked, which had identified numerous violations.
In February 2013, the airline's license had been suspended.
The company resumed its work in the summer of 2013.
Alexander Emelianenko began training in jail
Famous Russian mixed martial arts fighter 33-year-old Alexander Emelianenko, who is in jail on charges of sexual assault on housekeepers, fully recovered from injury and started training.
This "Championship".
In May this year, the investigative Committee of Russia Alexander Emelyanenko brought a charge of rape.
The suspect was wanted on May 9, he was detained in Tambov after his accident, he had broken his hip.
Emelianenko, Jr. was placed under arrest until 31 August, on 1 September was scheduled sentencing.
However, the trial was postponed, and therefore insisted on the extension of detention of up to 30 September.
In the case of wine, if an athlete is found guilty, he faces a prison term of up to six years.
The power, brother?
"Ministry" recalls the scandalous history of the career of Alexander Emelyanenko
His last fight Emelianenko in January of this year, losing by TKO compatriot Dmitry Sosnovskomu.
Alexander-the younger brother of the more famous fighter Fedor Emelianenko.
The latter is a four-time world champion in mixed martial arts, a four-time world champion and seven times champion of Russia in combat Sambo.
Anger is the most versatile and functional human emotion
The angry facial expression is biologically universal to humanity, and everyone involved in the creation of body and muscle group is not accidental but is an additional means of expressing the power and threat of Armenia Australia and the United States.
They told about his discoveries in the journal Evolution and Human Behavior, and you can read about them in the press release of the University of California at Santa Barbara.
The angry facial expression-shifted and dipped downward brows, elongated in the thin line of lip, swollen nostril-the same in all cultures, and make it even blind from birth children who have never seen, said the study's lead author Aaron Szell.
A major research project on the nature of anger, scientists found that experienced this emotion for effective conduct of disputes during the conflict.
The more physical damage one person can do to another, the greater its chances for dictate terms, and brings it to the interlocutor with anger.
Researchers have found evidence and another of his hypotheses: physically strong people are more likely to get angry and go to them, consider themselves entitled to impose disadvantageous conditions for them, and prefer a peaceful conflict resolution force.
Building on that anger is the first emotion of trades ", the scholars agreed that the movement of each of the seven groups of muscles that create the angry facial expression must be an angry individual more powerful and dangerous in the eyes of the interlocutor and thereby force as soon as possible to agree to its terms, in order to avoid a conflict.
To test this hypothesis, researchers have simulated on the computer were or where the person was absent from each of the seven elements of the angry person and showed their informantam.
While lowered eyebrows or advanced Chin did not face the evil, the depicted with such human features stronger physically study participants recognized unanimously.
Anger, like animals, expresses a threat: the exaggerated expression of own force, forced to accept and obey.
Man blows up the nostrils and lips are pressed with the same purpose as the frog, which is inflated, or the Baboon, which shows off its fangs.
"Anger" is "denial of the interlocutor to the situation and the person immediately takes the form that would best demonstrate the opposite side of the consequences of that refusal.
But the most striking thing is that none of the components of the angry person is not arbitrary, they all express the same thing, "said anthropologist John Tubi.
Minkomsvyazi offered to provide 250 million television and radio company "Krym"
Minkomsvyazi offered to provide in 2014, the federal budget of 250 million autonomous nonprofit organization "tv and radio company" Krym "."
This is stated in a draft Government resolution, prepared by the Office, which had a "voice".
According to the explanatory note to the draft, subsidies from the federal budget will be aimed "to cover the cost of creating the conditions for large-scale coverage of the socio-economic situation and development of the modern information environment in the territory of the Republic of Crimea, including acquisition of equipment".
In particular, the money is expected to convert the device-Studio block, video walls, Central hardware and videoservernuû.
It is also planned to purchase a mobile television station and satellite transmitter.
In addition, the company will pay for the use of fiber-optic communication line (FOCL) and repairs of power.
Grants will be made available within the federal budget provided for Communications.
National tv and radio broadcasting company "Crimea" was established in the year 1959, broadcasts in seven languages: Ukrainian, Russian, Crimean Tatar, German, Greek, Bulgarian and Armenian.
To date, coverage of tv signal broadcasting company amounts to more than 75 per cent of the territory of the peninsula.
In 2011, the "tv and radio company" Krym "" obtained a license for television broadcasting in the digital format.
