Prime ministers of India and Japan meet in Tokyo
The new prime minister of India, Narendra Modi, meets the Japanese colleague, Shinzo Abe, in Tokyo to discuss economic and security ties, within the first serious foreign visit after a victory at elections in May.
Mister Modi is in a five-day trip to Japan for the purpose of strengthening of economic relations with the third largest economy of the world.
At the head of the agenda plans for expansion of nuclear cooperation.
India also, according to the available data, hopes for the agreement on defense cooperation between two states.
FASO Russia will hold final Expert session
The Federal Agency for Scientific Organizations (FASO Russia) together with RAS will hold the third Expert session "Evaluating the Effectiveness of Activities of Scientific Organizations".
Meeting will become final at a series of the meetings held by agency within a year is reported in the press release which came to editorial office of Lenta.ru.
At the third meeting it is planned to sum up the results of work of Expert session in a year and to create the final list of indicators for assessment of effectiveness of the scientific organizations.
Separately participants at the event plan to discuss rules of formation of the expert groups which are responsible for evaluating work of scientific groups, and criteria of carrying out estimates.
The third expert session will become a concluding event in series of events on formation of approach, uniform for all three academies, to a technique of assessment of effectiveness of activity of the scientific organizations.
For last five months we managed it, and the final version of normative documents is being approved.
Following the results of the next session we have to complete the formation of processes of the scientometric and expert analysis, agree about stages and terms of evaluating", - the chief of expert and analytical department of FASO Russia Elena Aksenova told.
Representatives more than hundred scientific institutes of Russia will take part in action.
Based on its results adoption of the resolution is expected.
Meeting will begin at 10 in the morning Moscow time on September 16, 2014 to the address: city of Moscow, Solyanka Street, house 14.
Scientists found a way of detection of related stars
Astrophysicists from the Californian university in Santa Cruz studied turbulent mixing and its influence on chemical homogeneity in star clusters.
It is expected that discovery of experts will allow to look for among stars related, that is arisen from one cluster.
Authors published results of the researches in the Nature magazine, and briefly it is possible to get acquainted with them on the website of university.
The turbulent mixing in gas clouds preceding formation of stars is the reason of an identical chemical composition of blizlezhayshy stars.
Even if the newly formed star leaves then a star cluster, it is possible to determine the place of its birth and the region of formation of stars relatives by its chemical composition.
Earlier scientists had doubts that evolution of a star out of a cluster can lead to emergence of differences in its chemical composition from that at relatives in a cluster.
The results of modeling which are carried out by astrophysicists show that such differences should not appear.
In the research experts by means of a supercomputer simulated two streams of interstellar gas which together created a cloud.
This object during several million years under the influence of own gravitation will be transformed to a cluster in which protostars begin to be formed.
Scientists added indicating dye to initial gas streams and established that thanks to fast turbulent mixing in a cloud high degree of chemical homogeneity is reached.
As astrophysicists consider, their research proves that it is possible to look for stars relatives on a chemical composition, and also to define possible regions of formation of such objects.
The police of Karratha arrested the motorcycle, 20-year after prosecution, at a high speed
The motorcycle was confiscated after on it passed at a speed of 125 km/h in a zone with a high-speed limit 70 km/h and through the bushland to hide out from the police in Pilbara.
The traffic police patrol in Karratha tried to stop the blue motorcycle this morning, having found out that its speed reaches 125 km/h when it came out from service station to Bathgate Road.
The police reports that the motorcyclist did not stop and continued the movement on Burgess Road, then turned into the bushland therefore police officers lost sight of it.
The motorcycle and the person matching the description of the driver were noticed near the house on Walcott Way in Bulgarra.
The police of Karratha brought to the 20-year-old man charge of refusal to stop also dangerous driving.
It has to appear in Karratha Magistrates Court on September 23.
The motorcycle was confiscated and detained for three months.
Academic year in DPR will begin not earlier than October
On September 1 academic year in DPR will not begin as in the region of only 10% of children.
The Minister of Education and Science of the self-proclaimed republic Igor Kostenok reported about it.
According to him, 11% of school students left to other regions of Ukraine, 20% - to Russia.
Training at schools in the territory controlled by DPR will begin not earlier than October 1.
However teachers will come to work on September 1.
TU-204 crash investigation to Vnukovo in 2012 is complete
The Investigative Committee of Russia finished investigation of criminal put upon accident of the TU-204 plane at the airport Vnukovo in December, 2012.
Reported about it in the IC RF today.
"By the Moscow interregional investigative management on transport of the Investigative Committee of Russia investigation of the criminal case brought upon accident of the TU aircraft - 204 Red Wings airlines at the airport Vnukovo on December 29, 2012, on essential elements of offense, provided by the p. 3 of Art. 263 the Criminal Code of Russian Federation / violation of safety rules and operation of air transport which entailed on imprudence death of two and more persons /" is finished, - it is said in the message of department.
The cause of accident became non-performance crew of standard procedures and high-speed approach on the landing.
George Webster is accused of rapes in hotels in Nairn and Pitlochry
The man will appear before the court on a charge of rapes of women in two hotels.
Charges are brought to George Webster, 28, during hearing of the High Court of Glasgow.
Allegedly, he raped the woman in Scotland's hotel to Pitlochry, the County of Perthshire, on June 7, 2013.
It is claimed that Webster attacked it when it was "unconscious, slept and she was not able to agree".
Besides, Webster is accused of rape of one more woman in Golf View hotel in Nairn which is on the Northern Highlands, on May 4, 2014.
The judge Lady Ray appointed hearing in the High Court in Edinburgh to November 17.
Lavrov: Russia will not begin "to leave in a huff" in connection with new sanctions and will not leave the WTO
Russia "will not leave in a huff" in connection with new sanctions.
It was declared by the Foreign Minister of Russia Sergey Lavrov today, addressing students and teachers of MGIMO.
About reciprocal died ours on a case of a new wave of the anti-Russian sanctions, I will not even argue, dream because everything has to be specifically calculated, - he told.
And when we will understand on what the European and American partners will be honored on it with times, then we will make decisions on how to answer it.
It will not be connected with door slamming, any offenses, falsely witnesses, - the minister emphasized.
We, first of all, will make a start from our interests, interests to protect the economy, the social sphere, our citizens, our business and we will draw conclusions from actions of partners regarding their adequacy, contractual capacity and reliability.
It is possible to judge by those steps which are taken in the field of sanctions very well what partners try to obtain, - the Foreign Minister of Russia continued.
If at the top of the voice say that "they sanctions will be for us painful too, but we are forced to do it that Russia to punish", - it, probably, is not really adequate".
As for the WTO of an exit of the Russian Federation in response to possible new sanctions, is not present.
We, on the contrary, want to master more actively tools of the WTO including when the speech about trade disputes comes, - Lavrov declared.
We already involved these tools to overcome as we consider, a discrimination of the EU concerning anti-dumping procedures.
According to the minister, Russia is accused of a dumping and at the same time apply anti-dumping measures against branches of economy of the Russian Federation.
"We are ready to involve mechanisms of the WTO and to defend our position about inadmissibility to apply standards of the Third Energy Package of the EU retrospectively", - Lavrov told.
How it is correct to use a lilac in design of a garden?
Questions are answered by Irina Okuneva:
As the lilac after blossom fading loses the main attractiveness, it is desirable to land it together with other bushes.
It is perfectly combined with many cultures.
And near a lilac it is possible and it is necessary to put as plants, decorative in other terms, and blossoming along with it.
One more plus of a lilac is that it gives the mass of opportunities for creativity.
You can create it a standard tree of various height, an attractive bush, a bush with the wide basis and even similarity garden a bonsai - a tree with fancifully curved stipitate.
Just choose that form which corresponds to design of your garden more.
In Karelia the resident of the Leningrad region is condemned for sale of counterfeit money
As report in the republican Ministry of Internal Affairs, the man was engaged in the criminal business in Olonets and Segezha districts.
Besides Karelia, he committed similar crimes and in other regions of the country.
In particular, the defendant already managed to leave marks in the Vologda region where in the spring of this year he was sentenced to two and a half years of imprisonment.
Later the man appeared before Olonets district court.
And for end of investigation on the crimes committed in our republic it was transported under guard to Segezha.
In the course of investigation the guilt on several episodes of sale of counterfeit money relating to summer of 2013 is proved.
At the end of June of this year the criminal case file with the indictment was sent to court.
On Friday, August 29 court passed the decision to replace imprisonment term for four years with serving in a standard regime penal colony.
The sentence did not take legal effect.
Let's remind, last week two more distributors of counterfeit money which paid off with them in shops of Petrozavodsk are condemned.
Citizens of Azerbaijan came to Karelia also from St. Petersburg.
One of them is deprived of freedom for five years, another - on four.
To everyone the penalty on 500 thousand rubles is appointed.
The sentence also did not take legal effect yet.
In Arkhangelsk celebrated the 73rd anniversary of arrival of the first Dervish convoy
Meeting which took place in the regional center was devoted to the first Arctic convoy.
"Dervish" delivered in the USSR military assistance from the USA and Great Britain.
Meeting of memory took place in Arkhangelsk at the foundation stone to future monument to participants of northern convoys which is located on Sedov Embankment in Solombala.
Representatives of the veteran organizations of Arkhangelsk, children from a cadet class gathered for action.
For the first time we gathered twenty three years ago when the foundation stone was laid.
But in too time today's event not a holiday, and day of remembrance about those who were not returned by the sea", - the chairman of the board of veterans of Northern Shipping Company Boris Karpov noted.
Then the city brass band made a speech at action, and pupils of cadet classes presented to veterans flowers and marched with flags of Russia and the Victory Banner.
Meeting ended with flower-laying to the foundation stone.
The convoy consisted of five English vessels and one Dutch transport loaded by strategically important raw materials (10 000 tons of rubber, 1 500 tons of regulation boots, tin, wool and a set of other stock and equipment).
Besides on board the vessels there was also a military equipment and arms - 3 800 depth bombs and magnetic mines, fifteen Hurricane fighters, in the sorted state.
At the same time the convoy escort was made by 16 ships of the Navy of Great Britain among which there were two aircraft carriers.
The caravan of vessels was not found by the opponent and safely reached the destination - Arkhangelsk.
From only 848 ships which were taking part in the vital operations on carrying out caravans 126 transport and about 50 military courts died.
As a part of the Amur Fall festival there will take place the festival of amateur film
From September 10 to September 12 in Blagoveshchensk the KinAmur festival of amateur film will take place as a part of the Amur Fall festival.
Local amateur filmmakers will be able to participate in master classes and displays of a festival of theater and cinema.
On September 10 participants of KinAmur will participate in a master class of the famous directors, a creative meeting and a screening of the shorts: "Goodman", "Heading into the Orange", "Mother Lynx".
On September 11 the special screening of "A flame under the board" of the Amur director Semyon Rudenko will take place.
On September 12 there will take place solemn closing of the KinAmur festival where the results will be summed up and winners of a festival are named.
The amateur film competition will take place on several nominations.
Will participate for the first time animated films: selected 3 animation movies to a festival.
In total participate in a festival of 11 authors.
The next year its participants plan to be exposed for the Russian level, the press service of the city administration reports.
Remembering very American ideal of the fact that labor rights are human rights
Congressmen Keith Ellison and John Lewis offered the bill under which the organization of labor unions is protected as civil law.
"Where labor unions, there and jobs of middle class", Ellison, the democrat from Minnesota who is a cochairman of the Congress of Progressive Fraction says.
That is why I am proud to introduce the Employee Empowerment Act together with a symbol of the movement for the civil rights by John Lewis.
This innovative bill will give to workers the same legal opportunities at discrimination of the organization of labor unions, as at other forms of discrimination, stopping strengths of opponents of labor unions
Change of the National Labor Relations Act so that to allow the workers facing discrimination for participation in the organization of labor unions, to look for justice in civil courts - and to receive compensation of damage and penal payments - a reasonable and necessary initiative.
However it, undoubtedly, not a radical initiative - at least, according to the American standards.
Actually, the best way to understand what is offered by Ellison, Lewis and coauthors of the bill, - to remember very American thought.
Despite a battering which labor unions took in recent years - in Wisconsin, Michigan and other states throughout the whole country - Americans once supported the countries of the whole world in accepting, expand and respect labor rights.
There was time which is remembered still by millions of Americans when this country at the same time protected democracy, freedom of speech, freedom of press and the right for the organization.
When the United States occupied Japan after World War II, the general Douglas McArthur and his assistants helped the country to adopt the constitution made so that to guarantee that the militarized Hideki Todzyo's autocracy was replaced with democracy.
Completely realizing that workers and their labor unions play a role in formation of new Japan, they included the text which directly recognized that "the right of workers for the organization, both for negotiations, and for collective action is guaranteed".
When the United States occupied Germany after World War II, the general Dwight David Eisenhower and his assistants helped Germans to write the constitution which guaranteed that Adolf Hitler's fascism was replaced with strong democracy.
Recognizing that workers will need to be organized and be heard in the new state, Germans included article which openly said: "The right to form associations with the purpose to protect and improve labor and economic conditions will be guaranteed to each person and each profession or a field of activity.
Agreements which limit or seek to strike at this right, will not have validity; the measures directed to these purposes will be recognized as illegal.
When the former first lady Eleanor Roosevelt was the chairman of the International Commission on Human Rights which made the Universal Declaration of Human Rights which in 1948 will be adopted by the United Nations as the world agreement, Roosevelt and originators included a guarantee that "everyone has the right to organize and enter labor unions for protection of the interests".
Generations Americans took for granted the basic provision that labor rights are human rights.
When this country advised other countries how to create civil and democratic societies, Americans explained that the right for the organization of labor unions - and on that this labor union participated as the equal partner in collective negotiations with corporations and government agencies - has to be protected.
Now, when these rights take the battering in America, wisely, really, to return to the American ideal of the fact that the working people have to have the right for the organization and for that their voices were heard in free and open society.
As the Reverend Martin Luther King Jr. told fifty years ago:
History is a great teacher.
Now everyone knows that the trade-union movement did not undermine nation force, but increased them.
Raising a standard of living of millions, labor unions wonderfully created the market for the industry and lifted the whole nation on unimaginable level of production.
Those who attack labor unions, forget this simple truth, but history remembers them.
History remembers, as should we.
Official recognition of labor rights as human rights - and expansion of protection of the civil rights to prevent discrimination against the organization of labor unions - was about to happen long ago.
Keith Ellison and John Lewis revive ideals which historically expanded America and made the promise of democracy reality.
The judge temporarily blocks the law which could close all abortive clinics in Louisiana
In the USA the federal judge on Sunday temporarily blocked introduction of the law of Louisiana about which his supporters say that it, most likely, will close all five abortive clinics in the state.
According to this measure which was signed to execution by the governor of Louisiana Bobbie Dzhinadl in June and had to come into force on September 1, doctors who perform abortions would be obliged to have powers of reception of patients in hospital in a radius of 30 miles from their practice.
Nevertheless, the decision of the judge means that currently doctors can continue to perform legal abortions, continuing to look for such powers.
"It will be authorized to claimants to work legally, continuing actions for obtaining powers", the judge John deGravelles wrote in the decision.
Hearing will be appointed within a month on which the judge will pass more constant decision on this law.
Abortion rights activists heartily welcomed this decision, the last in series of decisions against similar measures, saying that it will give to doctors more time for obtaining hospital powers.
"Today's decision guarantees that women of Louisiana will be protected from the artful law which aspires to depriving of them health and the rights", Nancy Northup, the president and the head of the Center for the reproductive rights who submitted a claim for a stop of operation of the law on behalf of three of five clinics of the state told.
Not at once it was obvious whether the decision concerns to doctors from two clinics which did not act as plaintiffs on this case, and also submitted the application for powers of reception.
Louisiana is included into 11 states which adopted similar laws, and courts recognized such measures unconstitutional in Alabama and Mississippi recently.
Key parts of the Texas law which would close the majority of the remained clinics in this state were blocked by the federal judge on Friday.
Abortion rights campaigners together with the American college of obstetricians and gynecologists and the American medical association say that laws on powers of reception impose on doctors of restriction, not being necessary from the point of view of medicine.
Opponents of abortions object that such measures are directed to protection of women's health though some also noted their positive effect in closing of clinics.
Only one doctor who performs abortions in Louisiana has powers of reception in hospital, reported the Center for the reproductive rights.
If all other doctors in the state are forced to cease to carry out this procedure, this doctor, being afraid for the safety, would cease to carry out this procedure, the group reported.
Criticizing this decision, officials of Louisiana told that they will not punish the doctors performing abortions while their applications for powers of reception wait for the decision.
What will lead introduction of quotas for domestic goods to
Not less than a half of products by each type of goods in assortment of distribution networks have to be the Russian production, the deputy of the State Duma from Just Russia fraction Oleg Nilov considers.
The parliamentarian prepared the bill directed to introducing protectionist measures concerning domestic manufacturers, the Izvestia newspaper writes.
The document will be detailed still to avoid possible discomfort for buyers.
It concerns goods which are not manufactured in Russia. <...> On other groups of products which are manufactured in Russia the retailer will have to provide not less than a half of the shelves to domestic manufacturers", - Nilov reported to the edition.
Together with amendments to the article "On the Basic Principles of State Regulation of Trading Activities in the Russian Federation" the bill provides modification of the Tax code, establishing the lowered VAT rate in 10% at realization of the products manufactured in Russia.
The idea to enter 50% a percent quota in distribution networks is included into a package of the stimulating measures for the Russian producers.
On counters more domestic goods will appear several times.
However the initiative can have both a positive, and negative effect, experts say.
According to the lawyer of the Nalogovik company, the member of independent expert center Public Duma Sergey Litvinenko, for the Russian economy, and also for domestic agricultural and food branches, the effect will have positive character, and will lead to growth.
Agricultural producers, farmers, small shops will be in a favorable situation.
They will be able to sell more, and it means that the profit will grow.
Besides, they will acquire the right to dictate to retailers the terms and the prices, those will be forced to buy their goods.
The Russian producers will be able to increase volumes of the activity and sales that will lead to payment of higher taxes, than before.
It will increase the income of the budget, will create new jobs, some branches will begin to extend, some to accustom quicker, the contribution to GDP growth will be made.
Dependence of Russia on the foreign food will decrease several times, however, not at once", - the expert notes.
Earlier Russian enterprises often could not break through on counters of local shops because of the high competition from foreign analogs.
Now, after embargo introduction, this niche was freed and it is possible to breathe sigh of relief.
But you should not forget that after all necessary coordination and sanitary inspections will enter foodstuff from the countries of Latin America, Turkey and Serbia the Russian market.
In other words, "moment of calm" when former players already left came now, and new did not come yet.
Nearly a month later it is possible to speak about the increased demand for domestic raw materials, and also increase in prices for finished goods", - the first Vice-president of the all-Russian public organization "Russian Club of Financial Directors", PhD Econ. Tamara Kasyanova told AiF.ru.
Without a doubt, the idea to sell at least 50% of the Russian foodstuff in each category will allow to assign sector to local producers.
In that case they will compete with each other, but not with goods which by subsidies of other state, cost cheaper.
In other words, fight for the buyer will be developed between the companies working under uniform laws of branch.
On the other hand, Kasyanova notes, the Russian producers are capable to satisfy 50% of internal needs of compatriots far not in all respects.
And in this situation distribution networks should "hold out" a share of the Russian goods to a half of the range.
In this regard fears increase that low-quality goods will get on the shelves.
Perhaps, under the guise of manufactured in Russia foreign products with the changed labels will be delivered", - the expert adds.
Negative effect of introduction of quotas large distribution networks, especially will feel those, it is more favorable to them to cooperate with importers.
It is logical that also foreign suppliers as demand for their production will decrease in this situation will suffer.
Litvinenko does not exclude that the law on quotas for domestic goods can have impact also on consumers.
The matter is that some products of the Russian production can be of a lower quality than import analogs whereas shops are able to inflate the prices of the second, as on scarce goods.
Economists started talking about the idea of import substitution forgotten at the beginning of the 2000th years in February of this year because of continuous devaluation of ruble again.
Now against the difficult relations with the West the question of refusal of import products becomes even more relevant.
The law is designed to oblige retailers when forming orders to suppliers to reckon with domestic manufacturers.
Then we will much quicker and more surely go on the way of import substitution, and the system of planning of production by necessary types of production will be created in shorter terms", - the deputy Oleg Nilov says.
Especially effective the mechanism of quoting will be for those agricultural sectors where potential is especially high, for example, in dairy branch where the share of import made 25%.
Our farmers are really capable to cover counters of the Russian shops completely.
Besides, also meat production can receive a powerful boost.
It is known that the greatest share of import remains on beef - from 30% to 35%.
It turns out, 65-70% are the share after all of the Russian production", - Kasyanova argues.
Experts hold the opinion that introduction of quotas for domestic goods will promote import substitution and can accelerate this process.
However this initiative, in itself to import substitution, will not bring as the package of measures is for this purpose necessary, Litvinenko is sure.
Anyway 50% of the sold goods according to this initiative all the same can be brought from abroad, so, full import substitution will not happen, but considerable steps in this direction will be done.
Besides it is not enough to establish quotas, it is necessary to arrange in the country production of domestic goods that to execute these quotas.
These quotas just will also provide such guarantees", - the expert states.
Out of time made diagnosis and lack of access to optimum treatment mean that ovarian cancer in rural areas kills more
Angelina Jolie and her brother James published video of memory of their late mother who died of ovarian cancer in 2007.
The women stitching in rural areas of Australia face higher risk of death from ovarian cancer, than living in the cities.
Researchers analysed medical records of more than 1100 Australian women with the diagnosis "ovarian cancer" in 2005, having found out that only 35 percent lived five years after the diagnosis was made.
The leading researcher Susan Jordan from QIMR Berghofer Medical research institute reported that probability to die during research 20 percent higher at those who live in regions and the remote districts of the state, than at those who live in urban areas.
SMALL RESEARCH: New drugs can slow down lung cancer and ovarian cancer
Researchers tracked a medical way of women in seven years.
Doctor Jordan told that age of the woman at the time of diagnosis, the ovarian cancer type, existence of the current diseases and the socioeconomic status also influenced probability of a survival.
Women of more advanced age and those who had a cancer in later stage at the time of diagnosis had the lowest survival rates.
For those who lived in regions or the remote districts of the state the probability to die during research was 20 percent higher, than for those who lived in urban areas.
Though research was not intended to define why the women living outside the cities more likely die of ovarian cancer, doctor Jordan assumed that out of time made diagnosis and lack of access to optimum treatment - possible factors.
"This disease is best of all treated by the surgeons specializing in gynecologic oncology, and they, mainly, are in big cities", she told.
Despite improvement of quality of telemedicine services to reduce influence of distance, she assumed that increase in number of services on departure which will allow experts to treat women closer to the house and programs of support of the people passing treatment is far from the house, can help.
Doctor Jordan told that irrespective of a geographical position, research revealed that long life expectancy among women with ovarian cancer was rare, having emphasized need for more effective strategy of treatment and prevention.
The research financed by Rio Tinto Ride to Conquer cancer will be published in Medical Journal of Australia today.
In March, 2012, at the age of 33 years, young mother with Gold Coast Elisha Neave was told that she has an aggressive form of ovarian cancer.
In September in Kuzhener district the new medical and obstetrical center will open the doors
Construction of medical institution in the village of Toktaibelyak was begun in April of this year and was conducted according to the standard project.
The cost of works made a little more than 10 million rubles.
As reports Communications Department of the Governor of Mari El, financing of building of object was carried out at the expense of means of the republican budget according to the address investment program.
The total area of the constructed treatment and prevention facility makes nearly 230 square meters.
Will provide medical care to inhabitants of eight settlements here: village of Toktaibelyak and villages of Dementyevo, Pyuncheryumal, Tunya, Fomichi, Toraybelyak, Shinur and Chashkayal.
The new health post will replace the operating medical and obstetrical center which building was built in 1918 and for a long time exhausted the resource, and its rooms do not conform to sanitary and hygienic requirements.
New facility will open in the near future.
The resident of Novocheboksarsk who killed the drunk four-months son will appear before the court
The female resident of Chuvashia will appear on a dock for murder of own child.
In Cheboksary investigation of criminal case concerning the 31-year-old female resident of Novocheboksarsk accused of negligent homicide is complete.
The investigation found that on July 26 this year the defendant together with the four-months son arrived to celebration of birthday of the child of the godmother to Cheboksary.
After a long feast the resident of Novocheboksarsk decided to remain on a visit and put the child to bed.
When at night the kid woke up and began to cry, the drunk woman put him near herself on a bed to feed with a breast, however soon fell asleep.
During a dream the woman pulled hard on the son therefore he died from asthma.
Criminal case, the press service of the Investigation Department of the Russian Investigative Committee in Chuvashia reports, it is sent to court.
Inflation came out holiday.
Whether Russians will feel sharp increase in prices
As a result of reciprocal sanctions of the Russian Federation and the West inflation in Russia will accelerate and will not keep within forecasts of the authorities, analysts of VTB Capital are convinced.
According to experts, the postponed consequences of anti-sanctions will lead to inflationary shock in the first quarter 2015, the RBC daily writes.
According to the last forecast of the Ministry of Economic Development, in 2014 inflation will make 6,5-7,5%, next year and that it is less - 6,5%.
However, according to the Kommersant newspaper, this week the MEDT has to bring "small, but basic" amendments in the macroeconomic forecast till 2017.
According to the edition, department can lower inflation assessment for 2015 that will allow to liquidate the expected zeroing of growth of the income of the population.
In the forecast it was supposed that food sanctions of the Russian Federation work year - till August, 2015.
How in such situation it was possible to assume so high inflation?
The current situation assumes single shock, but the bearish trend of inflation will not change", - declared a newspaper source in the Ministry of Finance.
Economists from "VTB Capital" do not divide expectations of the financial and economic block of the government concerning inflation and predict increase in prices in 2014 at the level of 8%.
The main effect from grocery bans will occur together with possible introduction in regions of the Russian Federation of the tax on sales (TS) in 2015, experts are convinced.
The inflationary peak in 9% is necessary for February then annual growth rates of the prices will decline, experts believe.
By the way, last week Rosstat summed up the first inflationary results after the Russian Federation imposed "accurate sanctions".
AiF.ru interrogated experts and found out their inflationary expectations.
Artem Deyev, head of the analytical department Financial company AForex:
Increase in prices is already observed on the main segments of goods.
Moreover, when socially important products began to rise in price, the government was forced to start measures of system monitoring of price stability to prevent risks of unreasonable price increase in the short term.
Suppliers and retailers already report on a daily basis to regulators that the authorities precisely knew who when and for what reason initiates price increase.
Key factors of growth of a consumer price index continue to remain enormous rates of capital outflow, excessive refinancing of the banking sector from the Russian mega-regulator, internal converting because of flight of the population in foreign currency, and also embargo on import of foodstuff from the countries which joined sanctions against Russia.
If inflationary pressure remained under control, the cost of a basket of the minimum set of products would not jump up for 12% for only one quarter.
The ban on import of foodstuff provoked offer shock in domestic market and led to absolutely logical increase in final cost.
As at the current stage we do not manage to start fully the import substitution mechanism, and also to increase self-sufficiency of the Russian market due to internal production, reciprocal sanctions will continue to bear risks of growth of an inflationary component.
If to add here also the fiscal reasons connected with absence of trust to national currency and also the worsened prospects of economic growth, by the end of this year inflation can quite exceed 8%.
Alexander Razuvayev, director of the analytical department Alpari
In the 90th years inflation sometimes reached 20-30% a month, in zero it also was above the current level, another matter that then it was compensated by rapid economic growth.
I think, following the results of a year inflation will make 8-8,5%.
Platon Maguta, asset manager of Maguta Fund management company
The external factor connected with sanctions against Russia so far successfully restrains, but if there is further strengthening of pressure, first of all, on financial sector - it can result in certain difficulties and increase inflationary expectations of the population which are usually traditionally shown in purchases of cash currency to secure the savings.
It is possible to assume that the government, the Central Bank of the Russian Federation and the Ministry of Finance will try to soften smooth depreciation of ruble, both market methods, and state regulation.
But increase in prices begins traditionally after summer calm and, perhaps, will become more notable this fall.
Target level of consumer inflation in Russia in 7,5%, most likely, will stand as the Russian Federation has still financial accumulation.
Garden centers mourn from decrease in number of house owners
Such falling caused by exclusive reduction of number of house owners age less than 35 years can lead to the fact that garden centers will begin to lose tens of millions of pounds a year when today's young consumers reach "the main age of gardening", according to research of HTA about which reported to Financial Times.
According to this report, the people removing housing spend on average 55 percent from the sum which owners of own houses spend for gardening.
Increase in number of the people living in highly urbanized areas without gardens, popularity of asphalting of foreyards for the parking and reduction of the sizes of a garden as other factors threatening branch which annual sales volume, by estimates, makes £5 billion is mentioned in it.
In Greater London where the number of house owners fell from 61 percent to 43 percent in six years, the lowest level of expenditure in Great Britain for goods for gardeners to a household.
The HTA and Royal gardening society reported that rent of housing and lack of space do not mean for a garden that people cannot grow up plants.
Guy Barter, the chief adviser for gardening in RHS, told: "Cultivation of plants in containers, for example, is especially popular with tenants who can transport plants with themselves when move".
The report of HTA defined the period between 1997 and 2005 as "Golden Age" of retail trade in goods for gardening as a result of increase in number of house owners and economic prosperity since the end of the 1980th to the middle of the 1990th.
In it it is also foretold that the market will improve this year thanks to better weather after adverse conditions in March and April of last year.
The Ministry of Agriculture of Bulgaria carried out mass cleaning in the Agriculture Fund
Three of four chiefs of the Agriculture Fund were replaced on Friday.
In total, three of four chiefs of the Agriculture Fund were replaced on Friday.
Officially the Ministry of Agriculture of Bulgaria reported only about discharge from a position of the executive director Atanas Dobrev.
His place was taken by Lozana Vasileva.
It turned out that on Friday also two of three deputy executive directors of fund quietly were replaced.
The deputy executive director Tatyana Angelova who till this time was responsible for the state help and the SAPARD program is released, BGNES with reference to Trud newspaper reports.
I was not present at board of governors fund because under the law we are not members of the administrative board, but I was told later that I was released.
I cannot tell why about my dismissal it is not reported on the website of fund.
I am in holiday.
I hope that I learn more on Monday", - Angelova told the edition.
Her place will be taken by Ivanka Bagdatova who still was the chief of the Investment Loans Unit in the central fund in "Agriculture" in Sofia.
Also the deputy executive director Nikolay Dachev was released.
Up to this point he was responsible for direct subsidies for the fields paid to the EU.
Zhivko Zhivkov who was the chief of regional directorate of the Agriculture Fund in the city of Veliko Tarnovo till January, 2014 will be appointed to his place.
The post was kept only by the deputy chief of fund Atidzhe Alieva-Veli.
Now she is responsible for the Development of Rural Districts Programme.
The official reasons of all changes in department are not mentioned.
Turkey calls the American diplomat in connection with the message on espionage
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Turkey called the most high-ranking American diplomat in the country for explanations in connection with the report on the American and British espionage in Turkey.
The deputy prime minister Bulent reported that the American chargê d'affaires and the Turkish officials discussed the message on Monday.
The German magazine Der Spiegel and the online magazine The Intercept reported that the documents provided by the former analyst of the U.S. National Security Agency Edward Snowden show that Turkey was priority object of investigation for the American and British intelligence services.
According to the Turkish news agencies, the president of Turkey Recep Tayyip Erdogan underestimated importance of this message, having told that all leading countries spy one after another.
Earlier given information that the main prospecting agency of Germany also made Ankara object of investigation, caused more angry response from the Turkish government.
The largest Chinese companies united against Alibaba
The Chinese companies among which the largest in China is the developer of commercial real estate Dalian Wanda Group and Internet giant Tencent Holdings (social networks, a messenger, etc.) and Baidu (the largest Chinese search engine), create the company which will compete in the market of online trade with Alibaba.
However to catch up with a miracle of the Chinese Internet which left behind even the American opponents - eBay and Amazon.com it will be difficult.
Union of the largest
The companies plan to invest 5 billion yuans ($814 million) in joint venture, 70% in it will belong to Wanda and on 15% - each of the Internet companies, it is told in the message of Wanda Group.
It is planned to register firm in Hong Kong.
The joint venture will unite the search Baidu services with the popular social WeChat platform (the largest social network in China which number of users makes about 438 million people), Tencent and infrastructure of Wanda.
Besides a network from 40 luxurious hotels the Wanda group operates at least 49 objects of commercial real estate across all China and 40 shopping centers.
Last year the company invested 50 billion yuans (more than $8 billion) in construction of a film studio and theme park of entertainments in Qingdao (the city in the east of China on the bank of the Yellow Sea).
It is expected that the project will attract more than 1 million visitors annually and to make profit at the level of $960 million.
In addition Wanda possesses the American movie theater chain AMC Entertainment Holdings that makes the company the largest operator of movie theaters in the world.
By 2015 Wanda plans to equip all shopping centers belonging to it, hotels and places of entertainments with the e-commerce services in which development just the created competitor of Alibaba will be engaged.
According to Dun Tse who will head the new company, thanks to the association Wanda the number of users of the services e-commerce from present 40 million people will be able to increase up to 100 million by next year.
The new platform has to become the world's largest online-to-offline a platform, Dun Tse notes.
The essence of online-to-offline (O2O) of commerce consists in involvement of buyers on the Internet they came in usual offline - shops or bought other traditional services.
Classical example of O2O are services for sale of coupons like Groupon or Vigoda.ru.
"O2O - largest "pie" in online commerce", - the head of Wanda Wang Jianlin declared (the quote on Bloomberg).
"Now the real O2O platform in China does not exist, and chances at all are approximately equal in this situation", - he considers.
The Chinese market of Internet trade - the world's largest, and, by estimates of McKinsey & Co., its volume will increase more than three times by 2015 in comparison with 2011, to $395 billion.
The number of the Chinese Internet users grew to 632 million, gives Bloomberg data of official statistics: it is more than population of any country of the world, except for India.
And according to forecasts, by 2015 this number can already grow to 850 million people.
Union of the richest
The head of Tencent Ma Huateng was the richest person of China, however, according to an index of millionaires of Bloomberg agency until recently, the founder of Alibaba Jack Ma already overtook it for $5,5 billion.
Jack Ma's fortune is estimated in $21,8 billion from which $11 billion fall to his share in Alibaba.
The head of Baidu Robin Lee takes the third place now among the richest people of China whereas Wang Jianlin from Wanda - the fourth line of a rating.
"It is very interesting to watch this fight: three richest persons combine efforts to throw down a challenge richer", - the director of the Chinese center for research of electronic commerce in Hangzhou Cao Lei told Bloomberg.
But he considers that the new company will hardly be able to compete seriously with Alibaba right after creation: Rome was not built in a day.
That not takto just to compete to Alibaba not only to the new companies, but also honored leaders of world Internet trade, the report on financial performance of Alibaba published the day before for the last quarter demonstrates.
Alibaba often describe as something between eBay and Amazon.com, but from April to June the Chinese company earned more, than both of its American the competitor combined.
The net profit of Alibaba for the period exceeds the similar summarized indicator of competitors almost twice - she grew up almost three times in annual basis and made $1,99 billion.
"Alibaba still has the huge potential for generation of money, in many respects thanks to the mobile applications", - the analyst from the Hong Kong Arete Research Service commented on Bloomberg the report.
According to the updated Alibaba Avenue on the website of the Commission on securities and the exchanges of the USA, the number of active mobile users of services of the company in July made 188 million that significantly surpasses a March indicator (163 million people).
At the same time 32,8% of all transactions of Alibaba for last quarter were the share of mobile devices.
Alibaba should call the cost of the stocks before IPO.
According to average assessment of 11 analysts interrogated by Bloomberg, the company can be estimated at $187 billion after sale of shares.
According to sources of Bloomberg, Alibaba debut on the New York stock exchange (NYSE) can take place already on September 16.
Road-show of the company preceding this event starts on September 3.
It is expected that Alibaba exit to IPO will become record in the history of NYSE and will allow the company to attract about $20 billion.
Still the record on the volume of the funds raised at the exchanges by the USA belonged to Visa payment service provider which in 2008 carried out primary placement of the stocks, having earned from it $17,9 billion.
Not less than a half of foodstuff in distribution networks have to be the Russian production, deputies of the State Duma consider.
They developed the bill on this subject.
It is about modification of Art. 8 of the Federal Law "On the Basic Principles of State Regulation of Trading Activities in the Russian Federation" and of the Tax code.
The document purpose - introducing protectionist measures concerning the Russian producers of the food.
Important specification, according to the bill, not less than 50 percent of products of a domestic production in shops has to be by each type of goods.
However, the document will consider that there are goods which are not manufactured in Russia, for example, vegetables and fruit in the winter therefore for them "discount" will be given to avoid possible discomfort for buyers.
At the same time the bill makes change and to the Tax code of the Russian Federation, establishing the lowered VAT rate of 10% at realization of all foodstuff which country of origin is Russia, the Izvestia newspaper reports.
On August 27 the bill on modification of the Federal Law "On Retail Markets" which suggests to revive the farmer markets in which small producers will be able to sell the of products in Russia was introduced to the lower house of parliament.
Charge of corruption is brought to the chief of police of Magaluf
Claimants produced the evidence of extortion from police officers and officials of Calvià Town Hall in office of the state prosecutor of Mallorca on Friday.
The chief of police of Calvia on the resort island of Mallorca was arrested as a result of charges of corruption from businessmen and owners of bars in the infamous center of unrestrained alcoholism Magaluf.
The chief inspector José Antonio Navarro was taken into custody as a result of the charges of corruption brought against him by several businessmen with the Punta Ballena, streets on which there is a majority of bars and night clubs of Magaluf.
According to the daily Mallorca Diario online edition, claimants produced the evidence of extortion from police officers and officials of Calvià Town Hall in office of the prosecutor of Mallorca on fight against corruption on Friday.
Two more local police officers were arrested by Spanish civil guards in connection with charges of corruption and will be interrogated by the judge together with Navarro.
The Spanish daily ABC reported that dissatisfied owners of night clubs say that the protectionism from the authorities seriously is reflected on a condition of their business.
"The speech does not go earning money any more, it is about surviving", one of businessmen told court.
It is impossible to threaten our sources of existence.
We have nothing to lose.
Magaluf got to headings of the international press this summer after the popular video on YouTube in which the 18-year-old British vacationer who was sucking off 24 men during running on bars was shown.
The authorities of the island try to stop drunk hooliganism among vacationers of Magaluf since then, having minimized the number of infamous alcoholic runnings on bars.
Besides, the Playhouse club where there was an incident to a cocksucking, was forced to be closed for a year while Playhouse and organizers of running on the Carnage bars were together fined €55000 ($73000).
The tourist resort of Magaluf, mainly, popular among young British vacationers, was also drunk the place of the numerous accidents connected with the mad entertainment known as "balconing" when people jump from one balcony on another or from a balcony to the hotel pool.
The first day of spring is celebrated by the wet and windy conditions which influenced flights at the Airport of Adelaide
The SPRING prepared a cold surprise in the south of South Australia, having brought pouring rains and strong winds which influenced flights at the Airport of Adelaide.
5 more mm of a rain dropped out on the city in the evening by 9 in the evening, after 6,6 mm which dropped out for night of Sunday.
The last rain was preceded by couple of short heavy rains with gusty wind, including a thunder-storm which nachalatsya shortly before the 8th evening and poured out nearly 4 mm approximately in 10 minutes.
After the winter gave an early portion of spring last week, temperature fell on Monday to a maximum in only 15,8C in the city again.
Squally conditions as it is supposed, served one of the reasons of a delay of landing of the flight Virgin Airlines of Melbourne to Adelaide.
The plane had to land according to the schedule right after 7:30 in the evening, but got to a wind shift zone - sudden change of speed or the direction of wind at short distance - and was forced to gain height.
Flaws reached 50 km/h on the earth at the Airport of Adelaide at this time.
Data of flight showed that the plane had to gain height during the second landing, and the plane, eventually, landed about 8:40 in the evening.
The delay of this flight caused the subsequent delay of several other flights, including the flight Emirates from Dubai and the flight Qantas from Sydney.
At most 16C it is predicted in Adelaide on Tuesday with probability of one or two heavy rains.
Calculation of the estimate of construction objects in the Russian Federation will happen in a new way
The Federal Antimonopoly Service takes questions of pricing, regulation of construction branch, and also a problem of connection to networks on special control.
At FAS the advisory council on development of the competition in the construction sphere is created.
At its meeting the head of department of control of housing and public utilities, construction and natural resources of FAS Vadim Solovyov declared that "today's calculation of the estimate of construction objects is absolutely unclear".
The regulatory base makes pricing non-transparent and can lead to the unreasonable price of construction, consider FULL FACE.
Also suggest the cost of construction of facilities of state property to define at a design stage on the basis of market prices of constructive decisions instead of the estimate norms and single quotations applied today on technological operations.
These offers are made in "road map" and now are under consideration in Ministry of Construction.
"Replacement of traditional budget documentation in construction on calculations of structural elements has to lead to smaller corruption in branch, - Vadim Solovyov explained RGB.
Now in the estimate each bolt and a nut is shorthanded, and it is not always obviously possible to check everything therefore sometimes in documentation unfair construction companies can dig "the whole tractors".
The Ministry of Construction agrees with FAS.
"The first practices on transition to calculation of cost for structural elements already are: methods of calculation of the prices of constructive decisions, estimating on these indicators are developed, - the head of the department of town-planning activity and architecture of Ministry of Construction Elena Zhukova told RGB.
As pilot the sphere of road construction is chosen.
However experts consider that the problem is much more serious.
As the head of Profi-invest construction company Anatoly Demyanko told RGB, budget standards became outdated long ago, but other mechanism it is not offered to business yet.
"As for the offered calculations for structural elements, in practice it is difficult realizable as at construction of buildings absolutely different technologies are often used", - he considers.
It is no secret that the construction market develops in many respects thanks to the state order.
According to the chairman of the board of NPO Expert Community of State Contract Professionals Ekaterina Lezina, today the state - the most solvent customer.
The deputy director on engineering of the branch center of capital construction of Rosatom Vladimir Malakhov paid attention that today the market is conditionally divided into the companies which have an access to a portfolio of contracts, and to the companies which are owning exclusive competences and not allowing on this field of competitors.
He considers that creation of the transparent market is possible only under a condition when access to contracts is most protected from someone's managing director of influence.
On advisory council it was offered to create a government procurement system in such a way that the same contractor has no right to receive more than one contract for the sum more than 1 billion rubles or several contracts for the sum more than 1 billion rubles.
The Ministry of Construction believes that this approach needs to be estimated from the point of view of influence on business, and also effective management of construction.
As Elena Zhukova explained, in this case it will be necessary to give the customer with functions of the general contractor that will lead to increase in the number of staff of the customer and the budgetary expenses on his maintenance.
At the same time experts of the customer will have to have the knowledge allowing to estimate quality of the works performed by contract organizations, and also their safety.
Often at such breakdown it will be necessary to define who will be responsible for safety of object in general.
Besides, this approach can entail outflow of highly skilled participants of state procurements in connection with disinterest in obtaining the state order for incomplete amount of works and small contract value.
The deputy head of expert advice center of Institute of purchases Alexander Evstashenkov considers that now procedure of the state order turned into business game on attentiveness of the contractor.
Also gave such example: "the participant when filling the application has to specify "concrete indicators" without indication of words: "or an equivalent", "there has to be", "from", "more", "less", "analog", "or", "type", "similar type", "not below", "below", "above", "can", "can have", "can be", "earlier", "not earlier than", "not above", it "is not allowed", etc.
Thus, customers often abuse the right to establish requirements to contents of the application submitted by contract organizations.
Need to estimate at an application stage quality of work through the "paper" proposal of the participant became other problem 44-FZ, according to Evstashenkov.
Considering the application of the participant, it is really possible to estimate only qualification of the contractor, but not quality of works which performance still did not even start, - the expert believes.
Quality of works can be estimated only at their acceptance.
On advisory council it was also offered to transfer the marginal income from top to the lower echelon that intermediate contractors disappeared.
The chairman of advisory council, the secretary of state, the deputy administrator of FAS Andrey Tsarikovsky considers that you should not do it as the general contractor has to be responsible for the order.
And differently it will turn out, as in the famous satirical skit by Arkady Raikin "At the Tailor's": "To buttons of a claim is?".
The Israeli children come back to school after war in the Gaza Strip
Thousands of Israeli children in territories near the Gaza Strip went to school again on Monday after spent summer in air-raid shelters when rockets and mines a drop rain on their settlements during 50-day war between Israel and Hamas whereas schools in the Gaza Strip remained closed at the time when the territory was restored after fighting.
The beginning of school lessons brought feeling of pleasure and nervousness to the settlements of the southern Israel which were injured from rockets, however traces of fighting remained fresh.
Staff of Pashosh kindergarten to which the rocket got removed traces of splinters from walls the southern city of Ashdod and children's hills before arrival of pupils.
"We are afraid a little, but with pleasure we look forward", told Ronit Bart, inhabitant Kibutsa Saad and the teacher of English at its school.
Many children in our area need really to return to measured life.
Her 11-year-old daughter, Shani Bart, told that suddenly again it is "a little bit strange" to start going to school.
"There was a hard time, and we did not leave the houses at all", she told.
The president Reuven Rivlin visited the kibbutz which is located near border with Gaza to express the support.
Before the Ceasefire Agreement stopped war last week, thousands of residents of border settlements, such as Saad, did not go outside or left the houses, having gone to more safe areas is farther from the Gaza Strip to escape from rocket and mortar fire.
Many inhabitants the Impudent person Oz, settlements near border with Gaza where the splinter of the Palestinian mine killed the 4-year-old boy, doubt that they should come back.
The Ministry of Education reported that about dozen of families still did not return.
Their children were sent to other schools for this time.
The prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu visited school in Sderot, the city on border with Gaza which strongly postaradat from the Palestinian fire.
He advised children diligently studies and told: "We will do everything possible to give you knowledge and to ensure your safety".
Israel and Hamas agreed to permanent truce last Tuesday.
The Ceasefire Agreement at once put an end to fighting, however not resolved there were key questions, for example, the requirement of Hamas about removal of the egipto-Israeli blockade of Gaza and about opening of the airports and seaports in the Gaza Strip.
Israel wants that Hamas laid down arms and returned bodies of two Israeli soldiers who died in war.
It is expected that the new stage of indirect negotiations will begin later this month in Egypt.
More than 2100 Palestinians among whom three quarters were peace citizens, and, at least, 494 children, by estimates of the Palestinian side and the UN died in war.
Israel challenges these figures and claims that, at least, a half of the killed were fighters; despite it, it did not provide the essential proofs confirming this statement.
From the Israeli side 66 soldiers and six civilians, including one Thai worker died.
During fighting of Hamas and other fighters of Gaza fired 4591 rockets and mines on the Israeli cities, mainly in the south of the country.
The Israeli army, meanwhile, carried out more than 5000 air and other attacks.
As a result of the Israeli attacks thousands of houses in the Gaza Strip, and, by estimates were damaged and destroyed, 250000 people found a shelter in more than 100 schools which were transformed to shelters.
Because tens of thousands of people still were in shelters, and fights continued, the officials who are responsible for education last week postponed the beginning of academic year.
"I hope that the school will open soon that we could finish our education as children of the whole world and the Jewish children", Mohammad Amar, the 13-year-old boy who lives in one of schools of Gaza now told.
According to popular criterion of real estate price showed the largest winter growth in seven years.
The RP Data CoreLogic Hedonic home value index for housing prices in the Australian capital grew by 1,1 percent in August, RP data on Monday reported.
This gain led to cumulative increase for June, July and August for 4,2 percent, to the largest increase for winter months since 2007.
Annual increase in prices made 10,9 percent it is, more, than twice exceeding growth in 12 months by August, 2013, but increase was not evenly distributed over the country.
The research director of RP Data Tim Lawless reported that Sydney and Melbourne conduct the two-level market.
Figures of RP Data show that in Sydney housing prices grew by 16,1 percent for the last year whereas in Melbourne - for 11,7 percent.
Adelaide, Brisbane and Darwin where the prices on average grew from five to six percent were the markets following on power.
On other end of a scale there was Canberra on which government cuts in expenditure where the prices rose by only 1,4 percent in a year walked.
Mr. Lawless told that now when the spring began, increase in number of the real estate objects offered for sale within several next months will be observed that will be "the real test" for the market.
"Considering the current high level of speed of auction sales, the general high speed of sales and the current conditions with a low interest rate probably that housing cost still will grow for the next three months", he told.
As there live people in the oldest house of Ufa
In the former house of gold industry entrepreneurs and mine owners of Evdokim and his son Ivan Demidov down the street October revolution 57/1 (former Big Kazan) 18 apartments.
The house of the 18th century since construction practically did not change, except for decay.
Strangers go here as on excursion, and residents suffer more, than rejoice, from the privilege - the right to live in the oldest Ufa house which walls remember the commander Alexander Suvorov.
Date of construction of the house is inexact, historians point to two dates - 1730 and 1737.
But anyway, it turns out that the building is almost 300 years old.
Old yard, always open door, creaking ladder.
Doors to apartments are located close from each other, walls cracked, and in gleams from the peeled-off plaster the street in places is visible.
It seems, everything is hanging by a thread.
And locals assure: "It does not seem to you, it indeed".
To live in the wooden house of the 18th century very difficult, - Tatyana Lukyanova, the inhabitant of the apartment No. 3 tells.
The object is on state protection, but money for its maintenance is not allocated decades, and we feel museum pieces about which the authorities just forgot.
The last renovation was 40 years ago.
Walls still at the very least keep, but the base all rotted through.
Many residents still go to a toilet to the street, and wash once a week in a public bath.
How it is possible to be happy in similar conditions?!
The road passes directly under windows, there is even no pedestrian zone.
Tatyana removes a curtain.
Now the fact that before it was only heard is visible: under windows the stream of cars rushes.
You see, glasses jingle constantly, we cannot open a window, and got used to noise.
The person gets used to everything, to good and bad.
Our apartment still exemplary, thanks to the husband, hands at it gold.
Especially, two rooms at us, we live three together with the son.
And at other families of a condition it is much worse, on the second floor in general ceilings a little more than one and a half meters high.
For contrast Tatyana suggests to call on the neigbour from the apartment No. 6 Lyudmila Starostina.
The pleasant hospitable woman from a threshold offers a cup of coffee and with a sad smile tells:
We have a one-room apartment, 14,5 m ² on four people, and live: we with the husband and the daughter with the granddaughter.
I here since the birth, other living space never was, - Lyudmila looks round the room: mezzanines, two sofas letter "g"; on one of them the granddaughter with the laptop settled down.
Very closely and a little in what differs from a usual domestic interior: only ceilings beautiful, "historical".
But from a ceiling regularly flows: the water system is no good.
Lyudmila speaks about the apartment is ordinary and it is surprising at the same time as the Italian whose house stands on the Roman ruins.
That is reduces in one very old and recent, daily and legendary:
Water was laid on during the last renovation about 40 years ago.
Then made to us small kitchen in a recess and a toilet of the former closet.
We live just where Demidov with a family lodged, on the second floor there lived servants.
Our apartment is not privatized and what for?
The Center of real estate of Ufa speaks, privatization does not matter.
All the same we will receive only the one-room apartment, we cannot apply for bigger.
Promised to settle us four months ago, but further promises business did not go.
Did not get used to complain and I will not be.
In this apartment (room!) the whole dynasty lived: mine the grandmother with the grandfather, mother with the father, I with the husband and my daughter with the granddaughter.
Everyone happened during this time.
For example, huge rats ran on kitchen.
Look at wing walls, they meter thickness!
Speak, solution was based on eggs therefore so long keeps.
The house is built thoroughly, thanks by Demidov!
Probably, only therefore killed nobody with the fallen ceiling or a pile yet.
Only construction all the same slowly dies at us in the eyes: boards and logs of the house decay, floors repeatedly failed, we filled in with cement, but everything is useless - solution goes to the earth, as to a well.
Tell, indeed - under our room a secret manhole and the course to the river Béla who the conservatives who were once living here that it was possible to take cover from danger, if something happens specially made.
They were pursued.
Lyudmila Starostina tells how to them some historian came, begged to let that he began in the apartment of excavation.
And then convinced to give them a living space in exchange for the one-room apartment on Oktyabrya Avenue.
Lyudmila refused to the historian:
Where we four together to the one-room apartment?
And here though the tiny hope is that will give housing is more spacious.
Agree we to an exchange, anything would be won any more.
However, Starostin' family won nothing.
The biggest dream of Lyudmila that they were settled, and the daughter with the 16-year-old granddaughter were given the certain room.
That is allocated the two-room apartment instead of not the most majestic ruins in which two generations live now for two families.
The nice, tiny girl Olesya Karsakova from apartments No. 11 and 12 shows the second floor of the house.
There in two close rooms with a total area of 23 m ², called by apartments, there lives her big family.
In total us seven people, children two.
You see what conditions.
Plaster falls off pieces, as well as window frames, in walls in kitchen and in rooms through holes.
Water in the crane all the year round only cold.
Having passed across apartments of the oldest house of Ufa, it is possible to be convinced that most spouses were lucky Lavrentyev from the apartment No. 4.
They occupy the most spacious rooms of the first floor.
You are right, there is a lot of place!
The room in 75 squares, is registered three persons.
We live just in those rooms where on a legend Suvorov stopped during the stay in Ufa, - the head of family Alexander Dmitriyevich Lavrentyev says.
Ceilings are high, it is spacious.
One is bad - everything goes to pieces around, collapses, falls.
Neighbors, probably, already told!
Most of all tortures at us with floors: wooden boards decayed, the earth literally crumbled under the feet.
I put props, wedges; in the hall still nothing, and in other room we go as on a swing we shake, so everything is shaky.
Alexander Dmitriyevich can tell about the house of the merchant Evdokim Demidov better than any guide.
To the gold industry entrepreneur treats as native, speaks about it with admiration.
Really, the personality was uncommon: the owner of Kaginsky and Uzyansky plants built houses, cast guns and bells, held the Ural mines.
Successors of merchant real estate are proud of the ancestor, but do not want to live under the same roof with history any more.
I lodged here still the child, in the forties the 20th century, - Alexander Dmitriyevich says.
Then around there were wooden rooms for carriages, stables and guard boxes, subsequently taken down.
In 1968 wanted to clean up also our house, but something prevented...
History repeated in 2014: again beckoned new housing.
We, as if on command, collected all documents, ran all over the necessary instances, and suddenly learned that moving to apartments is postponed to 2015 or 2016.
Something we do not trust in all this any more...
Two years ago Lavrentyev went to the Ministry of Culture of the Republic of Bashkortostan to learn about destiny of the house.
Officials of the resident did not accept.
Sent from one table to another, and then as derisively, gave a piece of paper without signature and stamp: "The Ministry of Culture does not object to resettlement of residents".
At me even such feeling developed that our house is not in city map for a long time, at first it was at number 57, then became 57 A, and now 57/1.
As though it was already born in the seventies.
"The Russian planet" addressed the manager of sector of information and analytical work of management on land resources of Ufa Vladimir Barabash.
The house down the street of October revolution 57/1 is included in the program of resettlement of shabby housing.
I cannot be responsible for actions of officials of the 70th years, I only know that at that time there was a plan for demolition of all old houses, despite the historical importance.
Fortunately, it did not happen, and the decision of the modern authorities - to restore all ancient houses down the street October revolution which are of architectural value - is successfully carried out.
Residents are shortly planned to be settled on new apartments.
According to Barabash, the Italian experts who participated in restoration of buildings in Venice will restore Demidov's House.
Now in Italy there takes place the architectural biennial, and the Old Ufa project is submitted among others there.
I hope that by 2016 all former Staraya Kazanskaya Street will be restored, - the official says.
Houses will take the appropriate form corresponding to volume which was earlier, three centuries ago.
Demidov's house, most likely, will become the museum opened for all comers.
Besides, at the government level the decision to make the street on the weekend pedestrian is made.
On weekdays, unfortunately, it will not turn out, too big traffic congestion in the city.
Vladimir Barabash promises to settle people from future museum in 2015.
However, it is unlikely they will be satisfied: their new apartments will be the same area, as present.
Only from other era.
In Primorye because of a thunder-storm wildfire began
The dry thunder-storm became the reason of emergence of wildfire in the territory of the Hunting local forest area in Pozharsky district of Primorsky Krai.
On the place of ignition building of group of forces and means is conducted.
According to the management of the Regional special state-funded organization "Primorsky Air Base", the conditions created on the place of the fire demand attraction of air forces.
Vasily Medvedev, deputy chief of air base:
The fire which arose in the remote district was found by the pilot observer from a board of the patrol An-2 aircraft on the area of 3 hectares.
The wood remains on the old burned forest burn.
Strong clutter of the territory and the steepness of a slope more than 45 degrees, absence of paratroopers-firefighters of platforms, suitable for disembarkation, create considerable difficulties in suppression.
The Mi-8 helicopter is necessary.
Delivery of forces by the available Mi-2 helicopter of air base and the An-2 plane is strongly complicated.
After detection of the fire to the place of suppression 4 parachutists-firefighters were quickly landed.
The main task of experts is fire extinguishing and preparation of the platform for delivery of additional forces and fire extinguishing means.
Around a lunch to the district of the village Hunting the helicopter in addition brought 3 paratroopers-firefighters.
As soon as the platform for landing of the helicopter around the fire is ready, experts will be transferred to the place of suppression, is reported on the website of administration of Primorsky Krai.
Lenny Henry: My father never embraced me.
Never spoke: "I love you"
Henry was one of seven children born in a family of immigrants from Jamaica in Dudley to Midlands in 1958.
His father who died when there were 19 Henry worked at factory, and their relations were limited.
The henry rehearses the comedy, Rudy's Rare Records which is partially based on the imagined talk with his father and grew from a broadcast series by Radio 4.
Soundtrack - mix of a reggae and rap, and melody - are cheerful.
However Henry was necessary to make the way through some difficult childhood memories.
After death of his mother there was "a lot of" treatment, besides, Henry often reflects on the relations with the father.
It was very inaccessible.
You never saw his faces, you only heard its voice: "Stop rustling.
Leave alone the sister.
Move!
I want to watch cricket.
My elder brothers Seymour and Hilton who were adults when I was a child went with him to a pub and talked about such things as a form of a beer glass, beauty of blow in cricket.
I never so talked to him.
He was such unsmiling guy in a corner which read the newspaper the most part of my life.
Recently Henry opened a foundry workshop in Dudley and though conditions became better, than in days of his father, he could look at what, has to be, there was his life.
Now there it is a little bit better, but these are dark, smoky, depths of labyrinths of an underworld with flashes of fire and a smoke and a heap of soot.
My father got into a bathtub and just lay there, and you heard how he slowly begins to sing about himself because he wanted to be washed from a foundry workshop.
When I came there, I understood that it did it years and years to earn to us on livelihood, and I began to appreciate it more.
Nevertheless, Henry left deprived of parental love the childhood.
My father never embraced, never spoke: "I love you".
Only when to mother it became bad at the very end of her life, we began to speak: "I love you, I love you, I love you.
The birth of own daughter, Billey, from Dawn French, allowed it to share that love which was not enough for it in the childhood.
You can stop it "I love you"?
Just stop embracing me!
Father, me 22!
With Dawn French.
Why don't I be on friendly terms with her?
She is excellent mother
All of them are still excellent friends about the Service jacket to which it was married 25 years.
Don is the good person.
Why don't I be on friendly terms with Don?
She is excellent mother.
Henry's mother had a diabetes.
It was one of what killed her.
So when I very much, very much recovered and I had diabetes symptoms, my doctor told, "You should take radical measures.
Then I began serious training fitensy, and I also had to go on a rigid diet to get rid of symptoms.
It is very heavy.
And it is boring.
Nobody eats carrots.
Change of a career trajectory of Henry is reflected, perhaps, in his noble, shortly cut beard.
Since he gained recognition of critics for the Othello, he completely immersed himself in theater.
"Comedy of Errors", and then Fences of August Wilson followed.
This work differs from sitcoms and comedies which were the integral attribute of his rich professional life.
He started a career when to it was 16 and worked at factory.
The DJ noticed how he parodies on a scene, and wrote about him to "New faces".
His career on television began in the mid-seventies: "Quite long time I was the only black parodist / comedian on television".
He studied at work.
I not only had to grow in the face of public, I had to learn to be the efficient mechanism on delivery of jokes between 1975 and 1985, being a star, working at television, and it was very heavy.
Lennie in "New faces" in 1975
As his manager had the rights for the Black and White Minstrel Show, easy entertainment program in which people "blackened to themselves a face", Henry found out that he acts in it within five years.
It very much was not pleasant to my family.
I, it seems, want that it never was with me, but I do not regret that I did it.
Though it was strange, a worthy position of condemnation, I worked at big platforms and learned to work with crowd.
But the fact that there were "the easy entertaining classics which received awards on the British television years and years" was also "the grotesque parody to black people".
Representing characters who scoffed at culture of the black in Great Britain, and sang of it, Henry worked in the alternative comedy project in the eightieth.
The first season of the Lenny Henry Show was broadcast in 1984, and in the ninetieth it was known as, among other things, the chef Gareth Blacklock from comedy series "Chief!".
Commercials, documentaries, TV series and roles at cinema took the next ten years of his life, but after its series on BBC in 2008 "LennyHenry.tv", he thought: "What you are going to do next, Len because a little bit it seems that you play for time or slowly you turn aside".
A series of documentaries on Radio 4 under the name "That good was farther in...?"
The first was about Shakespeare.
I had the real allergy to Shakespeare.
One cannot say that I was taught plainly it at school, and I thought that it is, in many respects, a prerogative of white people of middle class with tights and cabbage below in front.
So I very much was afraid of it.
Everything whom we interviewed for the show, Peter Hall, Trevor Nunn, Adrian Lester, Judi Dench, spoke: "You should try.
Do not abuse it while you do not know what you speak about.
Say aloud some of these words, and you will understand why all of us so love Shakespeare.
Henry read 20 lines from the last monologue of Othello for the documentary, and hooked on it.
I had a feeling that I can do it.
As though my head was corrected.
"Here what is it, this serious business, treat it seriously, learn the text, conduct small research.
So, process of rehearsals was rigid, and I read this play months and months before we put it.
And it made success.
It seemed, they waited for accident, and it did not happen.
Soon we began "Comedy of Errors".
Suddenly I in National theater, and I just could not believe in it up to the end.
There was one moment when I thought: "Oh, you changed"".
There was a technical malfunction, and Henry instinctively felt what put him - to entertain public.
"The low voice in me told: "You should work 10 minutes while they repair the computer"".
Instead the assistant producer declared that representation will be resumed as soon as the problem is solved.
I left a scene and something in me told: "Oh, thank God".
It is not my duty.
I am able to allow someone else to deal with it.
"You play in the play, remain in a role"".
Henry in Fences in the Duchess Theatre
It was difficult to learn the text for Fences.
Panic is quite useful, it strengthens muscles.
It was accepted too well so it was as the sign from above showing: "Here in what you should be engaged"".
He tells it, of course, the THUNDEROUS voice.
So I stick to it.
I really love it.
I like to be in the rehearsal hall.
By the way, Henry has still a thinking of the comedian - all road our conversation is killed by flashes of his humour when it begins, stops parodying.
I just decided not to work in stand-up because this piece with receiving instant remuneration from the full room of strangers, I think, is quite dangerous.
If you aspire to it all the time, it can bring into the deadlock.
I sometimes work in Live at the Apollo when I want, but, generally I do not derive such pleasure as earlier.
I ask whether it will give round of stand-up ever.
The pleasure to sit indoors with the director who helps to give the form to the beginning to the middle and the end of a way - I do not think that I will sometime want to refuse it.
That is this its new embodiment?
I think so.
I like to be an actor.
It is a pleasant entertainment.
You always tell some story, and here the excellent place for this purpose.
I love stories.
People love stories.
Kenya registers public servants to reveal "invisible workers"
Kenya began biometric registration of all public servants in attempt to remove "invisible workers" from the pay-sheet of the government.
Will not pay any more employees who will not be registered within the next two weeks, it is reported in the government statement.
The government suspects that thousands of people continue to get paid after left public service.
The president Uhuru Kenyatta promised to reduce corruption in government institutions after came to the power in 2013.
The audit inspection earlier this year found out that, at least, $1 million (£700000) a month vanish due to payments to "invisible workers" and other financial violations.
The government suspects that salaries continue to arrive on bank accounts, even after the person dies or leaves public service, the reporter BBC Wanyama Chebusiri from the capital, Nairobi reports.
All public servants have to be within the next two weeks in the identification centers to guarantee that their data will be collected by biometric registration procedure, is reported in the government statement.
Any who will not make it without good reason will be deleted from the pay-sheet, is reported in it.
"This procedure significantly will promote rationalization of public service, having determined the actual number of public servants, and will also be used to clear the pay-sheet at both levels of the government - therefore, will put an end to a problem of "invisible workers", told Anne Waiguru, the secretary of the cabinet of planning and structurization of the power.
Tens of Turkish police officers are arrested in connection with "plot" against the government
Only 33 police officers were detained in Turkey on suspicion of "plot against the government", report local news agencies.
Representatives of police commented on this information not at once.
Among detainees there were 14 high-ranking officers, according to Hurriyet Daily News.
Some of them last December participated in actions for corruption identification which was directed to check of staff of the government, including four government ministers.
In July several Turkish police officers were arrested on suspicion of creation of an organized criminal group and telephone tapping.
The Turkish president Recep Tayyip Erdogan (who at that time was prime minister) defined their actions as part of the measures taken against it and others, which are in power, the Islamic clergyman Fethullah Gülen.
Not all children returned to school in Ukraine
Schools in the most part of Ukraine opened the doors again on Monday (on September 1) after summer vacation.
This day traditionally is a big event for families, and as thousands of other Ukrainian parents, the prime minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk took the daughter to school.
There he told the expecting journalists that not all schools opened again, but that he will do everything possible to protect the country for future generations:
On the first of September the ceremony took place not in each school.
There is no peaceful sky over each part of Ukraine.
We have to fight for a peaceful sky.
All Ukraine, huge united Ukrainian popular front, has to fight for a peaceful sky.
Aleksan Pastukhov, the principal in Sloviansk to whom Yatsenyuk's daughter went spoke Russian.
We hope that the world at last will be established here and that children will gain knowledge which will be useful in their further life.
The first day of study is traditionally celebrated the fact that children put on the embroidered shirts, hold balloons in hand and give flowers to the teachers.
In the person of Rona Fairhead BBC, perhaps, found such impressive head who is necessary to it
It is followed by a glory loop from the world of banking, management of media and internal circles of the Tory party.
Really, it has an own experience of work on the leading posts.
Her career began in consulting firm on global management of Bain and Co, and then continued in Morgan Stanley, Bombadier, ICI and in the world of media in Pearsons.
She was the head of Financial Times within seven years, having retired when the high post in the head company Pearson's was held by the male colleague holding lower position.
They say that her earnings approach £1 million.
Her political rating is also strong.
It was recommended to David Cameron by Lord Brown, the former head of BP when he tried to bring experts from the private sector into Whitehall: she became the adviser of the cabinet.
Her husband is the former adviser of Torii.
Earlier in May I called work of the chairman as the poisoned bowl.
BBC is not only huge and complex organization in the heart of public life, but in its structure there is an internal paradox.
Council has two focuses: inside as the top level of administrative hierarchy of BBC, but also outside as a voice of public concern and nervousness when something goes not so.
It is almost unattainable duopoly for which the full radical reform is necessary.
However what new chairman will risk to come, crushing and destroying institute as difficult as the Chinese dynasty if he loses work in this process.
This difficult decision.
It would be not so difficult, many people will be glad to see how BBC will be reduced in a size, - after revision of its powers, finance and the status.
As competitors narrow a circle and new technologies throw down a challenge to cozy old habits, inevitable negotiations on the cost of the license constitute special danger to BBC.
For the modest sum of £145,50 a year British get a share in, definitely, the greatest media enterprise in the world.
BBC tells a good story: she declares that results of its work cover 96 percent of households and cost to each of them all 40p in day.
Moreover, it is obvious that popularity of Beeb grows: 53 percent support her against 31 percent today 10 years ago.
Models of viewing and use of BBC changed: now I receive news headings on the mobile phone and I watch the missed programs at iPlayer.
But it remains very popular and impressive facility.
It needs the impressive chairman - I hope, it found it.
Perry from Texas says that the humiliating tweet was written by someone foreign
The tweet from the confirmed account of the governor of Texas republican Ric Perry on Sunday evening contained the offensive image of the district attorney from democrats which is in the center of criminal prosecution on a charge of an abuse of power.
The tweet was is removed later, and it was followed by one more from the account Perry in which this record was disavowed.
Just from my account the tweet which was written by someone foreign was published.
"I do not approve this tweet, and I removed it", later record reports.
Perry's assistants answered messages with a request not immediately to comment.
Though records were loaded from the confirmed Perry's account, it was not clear who actually is engaged in the publication in this tape.
Earlier tweet contained an unflattering caricature on the prosecutor of the district Travis Rosemary Lehmberg who found guilty for driving of a state of intoxication in April, 2013.
Perry imposed a ban on financing of its department when she refused to retire that led to trial of the grand jury in Austin this month against Perry who is a potential candidate for president on elections of 2016.
The signature in a tweet says: "I not always drive the car in the state of intoxication by 3 times exceeding an admissible blood alcohol level. but when I do it, I bring charges to the governor Perry for the fact that he speaks to me about it".
I am the most drunk democrat in Texas.
Department Lemberg did not conduct investigation with participation of the grand jury against Perry.
Michael McCrum, the special prosecutor from San Antonio which was appointed by the republican judge was engaged in it.
Perry did not plead guilty and called charges a political ploy.
His powerful legal team asked the judge processing this case to reject the indictment, having declared that the law which is used for prosecution of the governor fulfilling the duties most longer for all history of Texas is indistinct that contradicts the constitution.
Perry stopped financing for $7,5 million from means of the state to Department of public control of the state which is based in the district Travis and is engaged in prosecution of corruption in public sector of Texas when Lemberg refused to retire.
The veto caused the official complaint from the group of public control having left-wing views.
The tape of the confirmed Perry's account often is updated - and sometimes becomes well-known.
Having come the fifth at congress in Iowa during the presidential campaign in 2012, Perry answered rumors that he can bowl off, having published a tweet with the photo of, running near the lake, and words: "Here and we, South Carolina!"
Berkeley reports that the real estate market returned to "normal state"
One of the most famous builders of London warned that the real estate market in southeast England "returned" to the normal level of activity.
Houses in the capital were a subject of brisk demand and promptly growing prices, at the same time fears that the credit bubble will push Bank of England to setting restrictions for mortgage loans in June widely extended.
Tony Pidzhli, the founder and the chairman of elite construction company Berkeley, on Monday told: "Since the beginning of the current financial year the market returned to the normal level of transactions from peak of 2013", having added that it provided "a stable working environment".
The London real estate market succeeded during recession as foreign buyers gathered in the capital.
The prices in the city jumped up for 18,5 percent for only one last year, according to the Land registry, significantly having overtaken an average value of 6,7 percent on England and Wales in general.
Average market prices according to the private, available and student's schemes Berkeley grew approximately by one fifth last year, having reached £423000 at the end of April.
However strengthening of pound made the London real estate less attractive to foreign buyers in recent months some of which were stopped also by introduction of new property taxes and political rhetoric around potential "mansion tax" before general election next May.
The London real estate agency Foxtons last week warned that April reform of the mortgage market on which more severe conditions of granting a loan were entered decrease in market growth both transactions of purchase and sale of real estate, and the prices in the second half of year will also cause.
Fresh data from Bank of England on Monday showed falling of number of the approved mortgage loans in June, assuming further cooling in housing market.
Hamptons International, one more real estate agency, reduced the forecast of increase in prices for the London real estate by 2015 to 3 percent on the basis of the fact that the spirit of real estate prices already began to weaken.
Volumes of transactions fell to a quarter in comparison with previous year in the most expensive districts of London, such as Chelsea, Mayfair and Kensington, according to WA Ellis agency meanwhile.
Nevertheless, demand for houses in the capital was very favorable to Berkeley, having lifted sales volumes for the sum over £2,2 billion.
Mr. Pidzhli added: "Demand for the necessary goods with good design and the best location remained the same and, reflecting it, sales for term remained".
In June the company reported that it sold 3742 new houses this year until the end of April - honor one third more, than in pre-crisis peak of 2007.
The annual profit before payment of taxes rose by 40 percent in comparison with previous year to £380 million, the income - for 18 percent to £1,6 billion.
Having addressed on Monday annual meeting of the company, Mr. Pidzhli reported that the estimated income of Berkeley for this year will meet the current market expectations.
According to unanimous opinion of analysts, the profit all year prior to payment of taxes in £450 million is expected.
The value of the stock of Berkeley kept for £23,96 in the second half of day at the London exchange.
Naked Jennifer Lawrence's photos are published on the Internet by the hacker
Jennifer Lawrence arrives to the 85th ceremony of delivery of an annual award of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences.
Photos of the naked actress Jennifer Lawrence who won the Oscar were laid out on the Internet by the hacker who assures that he possesses "catalog" of photos of 100 more rising stars.
The representative of a star of "The Hunger Games" confirmed that photos Lawrence the presents, and condemned the hacker for "impudent invasion into personal space".
The appeal to law enforcement agencies arrived, and they will pursue any who will publish the stolen Jennifer Lawrence's photos.
Photos which initially were it is uploaded to the website of an exchange of photos 4chan, allegedly, were received thanks to a lack of system of online storage of Apple iCloud, and estimated "catalog" of the victims of breaking includes names of dozens of female celebrities, including Rihanna, Kym Kardashian, Mary Elisabeth Winstead and Mary-Kate Olsen, according to BuzzFeed.
Not clearly, how many from these photos original though the star of "Scott Pilgrim vs. the World" Winstead on Twitter also condemned breaking.
"That who looks at pictures which we took with the husband a few years ago, having retired at home, - I hope, you are proud of yourself", wrote Winstead on Twitter.
However Victoria Justice from series Nickolodeon "iCarly" and "Winner Victoria" disproved that in photos she, having written on Twitter: "These so-called photos of a naked FORGERY me, people.
Let me stop it in a germ. * pun namerennyy*.
Buzzfeed reported last Sunday that the representative of a pop star of Ariana to Granda disproved that a photo, on which, allegedly, it, original.
Exclusive fragment from the new novel of Howard Jacobson about love and the letter "J" who caused praises of critics
They were dissolved, it is the best of all to tell quite so, they gradually collapsed as a cardboard box which was left in the rain.
Only sometimes the woman told him that it too serious, heavy in communication, strained, closed and, maybe, a little irritable.
And then she shook hands with him.
He saw in himself irritability.
It was prickly as a hedgehog and.
The small novel from which he waited more, than usually, for disposal of lonely and boring life and, perhaps, even some satisfaction was the last victim of this spinosity.
Ailinn Solomons was tremblingly fragile beauty with the ruffled hair and the trembling heart from the northern island village even more remote and severe, than Port Reuben.
It arrived on the South with the companion is more senior than itself which Kevern considered it the aunt, at the same time the last inherited the house in the valley, crude, but similar to paradise, under the joyful name "Paradise Valley".
Nobody lived in the house several years.
Pipes flew, in bathtubs spiders not movably sat, slugs left the marks at all windows assured that the house belongs to them; the garden grew with the weeds similar to huge heads of cabbage.
It was similar to a cottage from the children's book, at the same time frightening and bewitching, with a garden full of secrets.
Author's look: Howard Jacobson, whose novel "J" is included in a long-list of the Booker Prize in 2014.
The short list will be announced next week
Kevern and Ailinn sat, holding hands, in the broken chaise lounges among a high grass, enjoying in unexpectedly warm spring afternoon; both of them were absent-mindedly connected to the cheap console which supplied the country with the pacifying music and the calming news when, having looked at her crossed brown legs, he remembered the old song long ago of the forgotten black entertainer to which his father liked to listen, having lowered curtains in the house.
You have too big legs.
In view of aggression inherent in them, songs of this kind on the console did not lose any more.
They were not forbidden - nothing was actually forbidden - just they were not lost any more.
It helped to become archaic as the word "archaic".
Public taste did what would never manage to achieve orders and instructions, and the same as among books people chose memoirs of the rich men who grew up in poverty, recipe-books and romance novels from all music they chose ballads.
Having been fond this afternoon, Kevern began to play the imagined piano and by a rough comic voice to sing of big legs of Ailinn.
Ailinn did not understand.
"It was the popular song of the jazz pianist who was called Fats Waller", he told it, having mechanically put two fingers to lips.
So always the father did it to stop the letter "J" before it flies from his lips.
It began with game which they played when it was small.
His father played it with the father as he told him.
Begin the word with "J", having forgotten to put two fingers to a mouth, - and it will cost you a penny.
It was not really cheerful game then, and it was not very cheerful now.
He knew that from it wait for it, that's all.
He had to explain what is the jazz.
Ailinn never heard it.
The jazz was not played too though it also was not openly forbidden.
Improvisation got out of fashion.
In life one had the place only "if".
When the melody began, people wanted to know precisely where it will end.
With wit in the same way.
Its unpredictability irritated people.
And the jazz was the wit expressed by means of music.
Though it reached age of 10 years, never slyshav about Sammy Davis Junior, Kevern knew about the jazz from a fatherly partially secret kolletion of compact disks.
But at least he had not to say to Ailinn that Fats Waller was black.
Considering its age, hardly she remembered time when popular singers were not a black.
Besides, any laws or pressure.
Society was obedient, and it meant that each its segment agreed with gratitude - gratitude of those who were saved by destiny, - with the principle of group predisposition.
People of the Afro-Caribbean origin on temperament and physical characteristics well were suitable for the sphere of entertainments and sport - and they sang and ran.
Natives from Hindustan as though by nature talented in all that concerned electronics, undertook that any family was not left without the working electronic phone.
What remained from the Polish diaspora was engaged in sanitary works; what remained from Greek broke plates.
Natives of the Persian Gulf and Levant, whose grandfathers did not begin to leave promptly the country when WHAT OCCURRED IF AT ALL OCCURRED occurred, in fear that they will be accused of kindling of a flame, in fear, as a matter of fact, that the flame will absorb them the following, opened restaurants with labneh and hookahs, did not lean out and grieved from inaction.
To everyone on abilities.
As she heard only ballads earlier, Ailinn was difficult to be understood how offensive words which were just sung it by Kevern in general could be set to music.
Music is an expression of love.
"They actually not offensive", Kevern told.
Unless, maybe, for people who have big legs.
My father never offended anybody, but he adored this song.
He told too much, but the badly kept garden gave him safety illusion.
Any word could not get through sound insulation of the huge leaves similar to cabbage.
Ailinn all the same did not understand.
How your father could love it?
He wanted to tell that it is a joke, but he did not want to press again at it to lips two fingers.
She already considered it strange.
"It seemed to it ridiculous", he told instead.
It mistrustfully shook the head, having closed Kevern the review.
In the whole world there was nothing, except a shock of her bluish-black hair.
Nothing what he would like to look at.
"Well, if you so speak", she told, having agreed to differ.
But it is all the same does not explain why you to me sing it.
It seemed, she is really upset.
I have too big legs?
He looked at them once again.
It is impossible to tell, no.
Anklebones, maybe, slightly...
And you say that you hate me because my anklebones too thick?
I hate you?
Of course, I do not hate you.
It is just this silly song.
He could tell: "I love you", but for this purpose was too early.
"You are pleasant to me just because you have thick anklebones", he tried to tell instead.
I have such perversion.
It sounded incorrectly.
He wanted that it was ridiculous.
Attempts to joke often brought it into awkward situations because, as well as the father, to it had not enough that calming charm which could soften the cruelty covered in jokes.
Perhaps, his father wanted to be cruel.
Perhaps, and he, Kevern, wanted.
Despite kind eyes.
Ailinn Solomons reddened and got up from a chaise lounge, having overturned the console and having spilled wine which they drank.
Elder wine so intoxication could not excuse it.
In the nervousness it, appear, shivered as palm leaves in a hurricane.
"And you are pleasant to me just because you have a dull brain", she told...
Though it are not pleasant.
He felt sorry for her and because of excessive roughness of his words, and because of fear which appeared in her look when it fought back it.
Whether she thought that it will hit it?
She did not speak with it about life on the cold northern archipelago where she grew up, but he did not doubt that in the main it was similar to local.
The same huge ice ocean fell upon both of them.
The same confused men, even more sensitive and whimsical after WHAT OCCURRED IF AT ALL OCCURRED, than their ancestors, smugglers and destroyers, wandered in rage from a pub in a pub, ready to raise a hand against any woman who dared to refuse to them or to tease them.
Dull brain?
They would shake at it a stupid fist if it was not careful!
At first would kiss - the kiss became the most usual expression of erotic irritation between the man and the woman now; antidote from fresh ballads which were issued by the console - at first to kiss it, and then to strike.
Excessive specification, according to Kevern because the kiss in itself was already hooliganism.
Ailinn Solomons the case showed that it needs to leave.
It rose from a chaise lounge as the old man.
She felt lead weight, but the weight of his grief surprised it.
It was not the doomsday.
They hardly knew each other.
She watched how it leaves, and from the top window looked how it leaves, her companion - the man, itself charged itself(himself) burdens.
Adam leaving a garden she thought.
She felt a prick of compassion to him and men in general though some of them and raised a hand against it.
The man who turned away from it, with a crooked back, shamed, struck, all ability to fight abandoned him - why it seemed to it that she knew it so well if she could not remember any case, till today, when she would see it?
Again one Ailinn Solomons looked at the legs.
In twenty years prior to the events described above or about that Esme Nussbaum, the clever and vigorous 32-year-old researcher who worked in Ofnow, informal control service behind Public mood prepared the small report on preservation of the low and average level of violence in those parts of the country where it was expected that it will be reduced if does not stop absolutely, considering means and forces which were allocated for its eradication.
"A lot of things were made, and a lot of things become", she wrote, "to soften congenital aggression of people who were at war in one thousand wars and won the majority of them, especially among these confused branches and narrow clefts there are districts where, despite the spikes of churches soaring over fences, gentle breath of human kindness was seldom felt for all history.
However some qualities, it appears, are deep-rooted.
The spike, apparently, is above the those passions which it engenders are lower.
The population sheds tears over sentimental ballads, swallows a story about the overcome obstacles and announces the ardent belief in virtue of marriage and family life, however not only old roughness keeps the strong grasp both in rural communities, and in city settlements, but also there are data that new and spiteful cockiness in houses, on jobs, on roads and even on playgrounds arises.
"You have an annoying habit to write too much", the research supervisor told it, having read the report entirely.
It seems to me, you should read less novels.
Esme Nussbaum hung the head.
I also have to ask you: You atheist?
"I consider that I am not obliged to answer", Esme Nussbaum answered.
You lesbian?
Esme insisted on the right for private life and silence again.
Feminist?
Again silence.
"I ask", at last Luther Rabinowitz, "not told because I against atheism, lesbianism or feminism.
Here we have no prejudices.
We are servants of society without prejudices.
But some types of hypersensitivity which are absolutely accepted and laudable in itself, can sometimes distort results as, for example, what you showed me.
It is obvious that you are prejudiced against church, and the fact that you call "spiteful" and "rough", others would interpret as expression of natural cheerfulness and vigor.
To continue to complain about WHAT OCCURRED IF AT ALL OCCURRED as if it occurred if at all occurred, yesterday, means to deprive the country of the vital force necessary for it.
Esme Nussbaum looked around while Rabinowitz spoke.
Behind his head pink as a flamingo, LED letters repeated advice which Ofnow gave to the country the last quarter of the century or more.
Smile to the neighbor, appreciate the spouse, listen to ballads, go to musicals, speak by phone, communicate, explain, listen, agree, apologize.
Conversation is better than silence, the word of a song is better, than the written word, but is not present anything better than love.
"I completely understand that you want to tell", quietly answered Esme Nussbaum when I made sure that her research supervisor stopped speaking, "and I do not want to tell anything except that we did not recover as effectively as we convince ourselves.
I am disturbed that if we are not ready, we will find out that we repeat mistakes which initially led to WHAT OCCURRED IF AT ALL OCCURRED.
Only this time we will throw out the anger and mistrust not on others.
Luther Rabinowitz connected finger-tips in a pyramid.
This gesture had to mean infinite patience.
"You go too far", he told, "calling action mistakes which were made or our grandfathers did not make.
You go too far and when you say that they threw out the "anger" and "mistrust" on "others".
On your place the person should not need a reminder that, understanding the past, that is protecting the present, we do not speak about "us" and about "them".
There were no "us" any and there were no "others".
It was disorder time - that's all that we know.
"For which if to be honest with by itself", Esme dared to insert, "any part of society cannot well be repaid.
I accuse nobody.
Whether it was bad or good - that is made, is made.
Then was then.
Anything else it is not necessary to speak - here we agree.
And as it is not necessary to blame anybody, it is not necessary and to justify itself if it was pertinent or if it was possible to correct something.
But why the past, if not to study -
The past sushchestvt in order that we forgot it.
If I can add to it one word -
Luther Rabinowitz's pyramid collapsed.
"I will consider your report", he told, releasing it.
Next day, on the way to work, it was brought down by the motorcyclist who came out to the sidewalk as passersby described, "in spiteful rage".
Coincidence happens.
The Lesotho army declares that revolution was not planned; the prime minister remains in South Africa
Representatives of Lesotho army disproved the fact of preparation of revolution for the purpose of overthrow of the government, having declared that they acted against police which was suspected of attempt to arm political fanatics.
The prime minister Thomas Thabane left the country, having declared that the army of the country surrounded his official residence and occupied government buildings in the capital of Maseru.
The prime minister took away the family to the next South Africa, having declared that he received threat of attempt at the life.
The representative of army major Ntlele Ntoi declared that there was no revolution, actually, but that the army reacted to threat from "political fanatics" whom the police tried to arm.
"What occurred this morning, so is that command of Lesotho Defense Force took measures, having received several prospecting reports that among forces of police there are some elements which really plan to arm some political, young fanatics of political parties which were ready suit chaos", he reported to the Voice of America.
The representative of the South African government Clayson Monyela declared that actions of army looked as revolution.
"Though nobody made a complaint for seizure of power by force, according to all data, actions of Lesotho Defense Force currently have the main signs of revolution", he told.
Representatives of Lesotho army reported that soldiers returned to barracks on Sunday and that in the capital it is quiet.
Meanwhile, the deputy prime minister Mothetjoa Metsing operates the government in the absence of Thabane.
Thabane declared that he believes what takes the battering in connection with attempt to fight against corruption in the country.
Situation in Lesotho very strained since June when Thabane suspended parliamentary sessions as a result of disagreements in the joint government.
He declared that its actions did not undermine the government, despite charges of the return.
The midfielder of Chelsea Marco van Ginkel will spend the forthcoming season on a leasehold basis in Milan, Milan Channel reports.
The 21-year-old Dutch will arrive to Italy in the next few hours for passing of medical examination.
In the past season it left in the field as a part of the London club only three times.
Let's remind that earlier Milan rented at Liverpool of the forward Fernando Torres.
Production in the eurozone on the lowest indicator in 13 months
Increase in production in the eurozone was slowed down to the lowest indicator in 13 months in August, according to popular research.
The last value of Markit's Eurozone Manufacturing Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI) fell to a mark 50,7 in August, having fallen with 51,8 in July.
Value above 50 indicates growth.
New orders were late, and the enterprises suffered among the growing tension between the EU and Russia in connection with Ukraine.
Values arrived before meeting of the European Central Bank (ECB) on Thursday.
I will wait for the markets from bank of the accurate plan of how to cope with a stop of restoration of the eurozone, and also with threat of a deflation at the inflation making only 0,3%.
There is an assumption that the head of European Central Bank Mario Draghi later this week can give additional signals that he considers the scheme of quantitative mitigation for the eurozone, similar to those which were used by Great Britain and the USA during financial crisis.
"Though though some growth is better, than absolutely any growth, the brake effect of the growing economic and geopolitical uncertainty on producers becomes more obvious", Rob Dobson, the senior economist of Markit told.
PMI of a manufacturing sector of Germany, the largest trade partner of Russia in the EU, fell to the lowest mark 51,4 for 11 months.
Meanwhile, in the second-large economy of the block, France, PMI fell to 46,9.
France continues to cause the real concern, as well as weakening of Italy from stable growth to stagnation.
Signs that the impulse of growth died away in the main industrial engine, Germany, and also in Spain and the Netherlands, also does not add confidence", Mr. Dobson told.
Delay of the industry, most likely, still will add fuel to the fire to the analysts expecting introduction additional monetary or budgetary tax incentives.
One positive news was from Ireland where PMI grew to 57,3, him high level since the end 1999.
Howard Archer, the chief economist of IHS Global Insight, told: "The best that it is possible to tell about August research of Purchasing Managers' Index of a manufacturing sector of the eurozone, it that it shows that the sector still grows".
He added: "Producers of the eurozone, obviously, find life very heavy at the moment as the current increased geopolitical tension - especially connected with Russia/Ukraine - adds uncertainty to still difficult conditions in many countries.
This increased intensity, obviously, struck at business - and especially on confidence of consumers, and probably leads to the fact that some orders are late or are even cancelled, especially large orders.
He told that "it is more and more similar to that" that the European Central Bank, in of course result, should carry out some kind of quantitative mitigation, "though we suspect that it will be limited."
Residents of Mariupol will expose a human chain against rebels
In Mariupol till last week everything was quiet - nobody was torn to organize Mariupol People's Republic, the city on the Sea of Azov lived and worked.
Now inhabitants with horror expect arrival of "rebels".
According to political scientists, separatists break to Mariupol to leave to the Sea of Azov - the city of Novoazovsk which was not before a part of the self-proclaimed republics too was taken recently.
Residents of Mariupol decided that the Ukrainian army, though will protect them, but it has some forces against perfectly armed representatives of DPR-LPR, and were going to help military.
They dig entrenchments, build posts and strengthenings.
In the evening on Saturday several thousands of inhabitants arrived on eastern frontier of the city, and got up there in a human chain, singing the anthem of Ukraine.
They are going to make the same in case of approach.
Volunteers collect and carry equipment and products, collect drugs, issue the newspaper.
Shops are gradually closed in the city, banks and ATMs stop work.
Ten years of hell for endured Beslan: Ten years from terrible occupation of school as children who appeared at it still suffer
Ten years ago more than 1000 people were taken hostage by the Chechen fighters at school in Beslan, in the south of Russia
More than 330 people, more than a half of whom children, were killed during this three-day test which shook the world,
We returned to Beslan to find some of the victims which deceived death during an atrocity at school
Exactly ten years later after awful occupation of Beslan school during which 334 persons died including 186 children who heroically endured accident warned about a new apocalypse in Ukraine last night.
When terrorists, Islamic fanatics, took and killed children and parents on September 1, 2004, at the beginning of a new quarter, it seemed something like extreme degree of the possible evil.
The tragedy united the East and the West in disgust which wonderfully then developed into action and hope for the future in the conditions of the hardest grief.
Ten years later we returned to Beslan in the south of Russia to find some of the victims which deceived death during an atrocity at school.
We found surprising young people who resisted to trouble though memories of terrorist hell will live with them forever.
Their biggest hope?
That war which torments now Ukraine in which the same children as they, perish, will stop now.
The girl who in the photo tries to get back into the fired gym
She is depicted in a picture of the famous Russian photographer Dmitry Belyakov when in one linen tried to get back into the fired gym after explosion of a mine.
In confusion the Aida desperately looked for the mother, Larisa whom now 40.
There were fears that both of them died, but actually they survived.
"The woman told me to run very fast, but I could not", the Aida said then.
My legs were covered with blood.
I got up and got back inside to find the mother.
The soldier picked up it and carried to the safe place.
After series of operations, it thought that it was completely restored, but yesterday told: "Three months ago pain returned.
I am afraid, still operations can be necessary for me.
Several splinters remained in my knee.
Its purpose now - to become the dentist, to help people the same as it was helped by doctors.
"This tragedy changed my life, but it, of course, did not break it", she says with a call.
"It happened to me, and it is impossible to change this fact.
Once a year I always go to this gym to remember all who remained there.
My friends and I try not to speak about it in other days.
Pain is too severe.
My best friend who had to become my schoolmate Dzera Gapoyeva was killed there.
We played together when were small, and dreamed that we will go to school together.
"I do not want to marry, I will not finish study yet and I will not begin to work.
I will think of a family then.
She says that capture remains with it though memoirs grow dull a little every year.
I am glad that many people in the world still remember our troubles, and we are so grateful for the help which we received from people from Great Britain and from everywhere.
When I see the photo where I climb in a school window on the Internet, I think that many people will see it for the first time, learn about our tragedy and will make so that it did not occur any more.
The boy who ran through a hail of bullets, considering that his mother is dead
It was its first day at school (Russians begin study at school in 7 years) and endured three days of capture, embracing the mother Tamara.
Then to it was seven, and he spoke: "Mother told me to lay down if there is an explosion and to hold her by a hand".
After one of explosions he thought that she dies.
She told it: "Run".
Being afraid that it is dead, he ran and on the road saw the crying kid, seized the child by a hand and ran through a hail of bullets.
His father Vladimir who seized the son outside, told: "Damir told me that his mother died.
He told: "I could not save it"".
Actually, Tamara got out to freedom and was in hospital with wounds standing, in turn thinking that her son died.
After their reunion she told: "I cried with happiness.
I could not believe in it.
He ran in and embraced me.
Damir was brought later to London (nowadays nonexistent newspaper News of the World) where he was awarded as the Barnardo's Children's Champion by the prime minister Tony Blair and his wife Sherea.
"This horror comes back to you every day, but I would like that I could cease to remember it", he told yesterday.
After all I can tell that at me in memory it grows dull.
I remember how right after it I threw out all the toy weapon.
But now I can play computer games with firing, and it is not a problem for me.
"I am not afraid to come back to that gym, but I do not think of myself.
I remember those children with whom I played in the yard which were not chosen.
We never say that they are killed or dead.
We say that they remained in a gym.
I remember my trip to London so well, especially toy shop where to me allowed to choose everything that I will want, and a trip in the car with open top.
But now he is afraid for such places as Ukraine where wars lead to such grief which was endured by it and his friends.
This horror comes back to you every day, but I would like that I could cease to remember it
"I feel so sorry for all those who suffer from these horrors", Damir who on the past was engaged to week in volunteer work in convent told.
I so want to help.
I want to serve in police sometime and I hope that I will be enlisted in educational academy next year.
His mother Tamara, 48 years, told: "37 children were killed in our quarter, can imagine?
I remember terrible silence right after capture, just there were no children who would shout and ran around, and this silence proceeded many months.
She brightly remembers the trip with Damir to London.
People in London cried when I told our story.
I understood then as people on other end of the earth can understand our feelings, can give support.
She was grateful "To Cherie Blair and her fund for that award and an opportunity to go to London in the fall of 2004.
I would like to call Sherea and just her to tell that 10 years passed, but I still remember a meeting with her and her husband in London and as they helped Damir and me.
I remember how when Damir wanted to eat borsch, they rang round all local Russian restaurants.
I remember how it played with waiters at restaurant, Damir shot at them from the water gun, and they ran away and played with it.
And only a month passed after our nightmare then.
I was shocked that British were so ready to divide our pain and to support us.
She told: "I all think that this world did not become better for these 10 years.
Now in Ukraine there is a war, people die every day, and I think, many children were killed and will be killed.
These are just the same children as ours.
I think, for many people war is a news reporting to which they listen when it is boring for them or when they are busy with something else.
I just know that these people feel, horror of it.
And I cannot cease to feel it.
Nothing changed, people still want to kill each other, and it is so sad.
Damir grew up and he became very soft and quiet boy, not so aggressive and not angry.
He does not look for revenge, for example, he is not fixated on this last nightmare.
I know that he does not like to remember it, but they are very close to six schoolmates, and they go to a gym from time to time and light candles there.
When it was younger, he suffered from it is I remember how it lay on a sofa, having turned away from us, hours.
Did not sleep, his eyes were open.
I also remember how he threw out all the weapon and other military toys. To Damir now 17, he is higher than me, nice, clever and healthy.
To me it is hardly believed that several hours I was so sure that he died and that I will never see it any more.
When I could recover from explosion and got on feet, I looked round, I saw hell around myself when parts of bodies lay everywhere.
I was absolutely sure that is impossible that my little boy could survive in this hell.
"I remember that I shouted to it: "Damir, run, run away", but besides I was so sure that he did not hear me.
But he heard and escaped.
So life for us proceeds, unlike so many others.
Georgy Ilyin, 17
The boy, whose shocking photo after capture became defining for the tragedy in Beslan
Rest: Georgy Ilyin with the mother Fatima who endured Beslan after capture in 2004, and on the right Georgy today
On his bloodstained face there was a fear print when he was saved from death when the Chechen terrorists shot his schoolmates.
Its photo was one of the most shocking barbarity symbols in Beslan.
His mother Fatima, 54 years, the chief physician, took him to school in the first day of study before bringing the eldest son Vladimir to university.
"I left in two minutes before terrorists ran in to the yard so my little boy remained one for three days of a nightmare", she remembered.
Not absolutely alone, there was a family of our relatives, but all of them were killed.
Only my Georgy managed to survive.
The this date is closer, the it is more difficult to think and speak about it.
There is no day when we do not remember this tragedy.
It does not seem to us that it was long ago, I think that it happened yesterday, some scenes of these days at me before eyes all the time.
Nobody ever will forget, I promise you.
Sinks down in soul: Georgy's photo (at the left) was one of the most shocking pictures of attack and was immortalized in a sculpture (on the right)
I remember that Georgy so wanted to go to school that day that told that he wants to embrace the teacher.
I only learned that he is living when saw it on the TV.
And now there is even a sculpture of the crying Georgy in San Marino.
Georgy does not like to look at this photo, and it is hidden in a bookcase at our place.
I understand, but also it seems to me that thanks to this photo people from around the world feel our pain.
Georgy speaks now: "It is important that it any more never happened.
"I doubt that we sometime learn the truth.
People continue to investigate such tragedies and never learn the truths.
Now they investigate this crash of the Boeing in Ukraine.
Whether we learn sometime, than it was caused?
This world goes to something very bad.
"I cannot understand how it occurs because if to ask people, nobody wants war as it occurs?
Ten years - anything for such pain.
It is necessary for us that there passed decades to forget a little it.
It affected my health, and I still feel it.
About three or four years I dreamed nightmares because of capture, but now it became better.
I returned to school later in 2004, to me was very scary every day.
I thought of the friends and schoolmates who were killed.
That is why I continue to go to this gym before everyone on September 1.
I want to pay a tribute to the memory of my old childhood friends.
It is heavy to me to enter a gym, but I have to do it.
I do not feel the victim, this history - part of my past now.
I will not forget about it, but I do not feel pity to myself.
Mine life goes on.
I graduated from school this year and entered the medical university in Vladikavkaz.
I will study to become the heart surgeon.
My first choice was to go to army.
I wanted to be a military, but health did not allow me.
I wanted to battle for my country, but it does not happen.
Georgy Farniyev, 20
The boy who survived in spite of the fact that he was at the terrorist murderer's legs
Incredibly: Georgy Farniyev was at the terrorist murderer's legs during capture, but nevertheless he managed to survive
During capture, it was photographed in a gym sitting near a bomb at the terrorist murderer's legs.
Really, this miracle that he was not killed.
"It seems to us that it was still yesterday", Georgy who wanted to study as the officer of investigation in FSB says, but could not because of damage which was caused to its health during capture.
All this with me, it not something that I left behind.
I am more senior now, and say that children easily cope with bad events, - I have to tell that it is a lie.
"In 2006 I worked with psychologists, and I felt a little bit better after that, but I cannot forget it.
And I would like to forget.
In 2005 - the next year - there was the first and last time when I entered this gym again.
I fainted.
I would never go there again, and, please, do not ask me to show where I sat in this famous photo.
Survivor: Georgy Farniyev today with the photo of opened on the laptop in hospital after capture
My pain is huge, and I carry it with myself every day.
My friends know that I do not like to think of it or to discuss it, and they never asked me about school.
As for a physical state, I am healthy.
I need to be careful with a knee which was injured, but now I go normally.
But after all health did not allow me to go to study in FSB academy in St. Petersburg as I wanted.
I sent the documents, including medical certificates, and they answered that it is impossible.
Animals so I went to veterinary institute were my second hobby.
I studied two years there.
He learns to treat all animals "for cats to cows".
He told: "I know that I will never tell the children about the experience.
It not what children, and, of course, have to know about not that they have to worry.
His mother Marina, 42 years, told: "This pain never leaves me.
It in my soul, is worse when anniversary comes.
I will go and I will be present at ceremonies which will be held to mark out her.
I know that Georgy will not go.
For it it has to be even stronger because it was there, and I do not.
I waited for it at home and could not help.
I am so grateful to God that he returned to me. Here in Beslan the print lies on everyone.
It remains with us.
Georgy now adult, but this nightmare still with it.
It is difficult to accept when something so awfully unfair, happens to you.
He is a boy, he loves sport, but cannot be engaged in it because of a knee.
It had several operations, he can go, but cannot play sports.
I would tell that it for 50% overcame this nightmare, but it is impossible to overcome and forget it completely.
This terrible experience will remain with us.
Many friends and neighbors were killed during capture, and it only strengthens my pain.
I lost many people whom I knew well and who were dear to me.
My son with me, and is the best gift which God could make to me, but my heart hurts for those who were killed.
I know families where new children were born, but I know also widows who any more never married.
It is heavy to accept that life goes on even if you do not want.
I will never forget how heart jumped out at me of a breast while I saw it in hospital.
Now I look at what occurs in the world - wars in different regions.
For what these people battle?
Why they kill each other?
War very close to our country now, and me hardly is trusted in it.
We were one amicable country in the past how so it turned out that we are at war now?
People and children suffer, I am sure, many children were already killed in Ukraine and will be much killed.
If it was possible to seize all insurgents and to throw out - so far as soon as it is possible.
Alyona Tskayeva, 10 years
The baby who was touchingly carried away to the safe place by the fighter of special troops
Saved: Alyona Tskayeva is carried to the safe place by the Russian fighter of special troops (at the left).
Now to it ten (on the right), and she does not remember a terrible crime at all
At the world breath in 2004 when little Alyona was taken out on hands from the occupied school in Beslan by the Russian police officer stopped.
Terrorists released it, but with cruelty left her 30-year-old mother, the ten-year-old sister Christina and the brother Makhar in a gym of school.
Makhar who was then three years old escaped, but Alyonin mother and the sister died in a deadly slaughter.
Her father Ruslan married again since then, and they with his new wife Svetlana have a little daughter whom he named Christina in memory of the daughter which he lost.
Alyona whom now ten, remembers nothing capture and blossomed in the clever and cheerful girl, neighbors say.
"They a big happy family now, both Alyona and Makhar - both beautiful children", the close friend says.
Ruslan is the magnificent father and wants to keep them far away from all memoirs when the tenth anniversary is celebrated.
It is possible to understand why.
The midfielder Shinji Kagawa who came back from Manchester United to Dortmund Borussia noted that he looks forward when he is able to leave in the field in the form of the German club again.
According to him, this transfer - a joyful event in career.
Of course, I am very glad that I will play for Borussia again, - quotes Bild of Kagawa.
I feel very well.
It is full of positive emotions and I look forward when again I am able to leave in the field in the form of Borussia.
Let's remind, Kagawa passed into MU from Borussia in the summer of 2012 for 16 million euros.
However it could not be fixed in structure of the English club, having played for two seasons of only 38 matches in the championship of England, having hammered 6 balls and having given 8 assists.
The man is accused of accident of running-down the girl at the pelican crossing in Fife
The 78-year-old man will appear before the court on a charge of accident of running-down the three-year-old girl at the pelican crossing in Fife.
Gordon Stewart allegedly brought down the girl on transition in the Pittenweem terrier in the East Neuk.
Prosecutors declared that Mr. Stewart conducted the Audi Q3 without appropriate care and attention and brought down the girl therefore she was traumatized.
Stewart, 78 years, from Anstruther, denied the fault in sheriff court of Dundee.
The sheriff Charles McNair, the royal lawyer, appointed date of court to January.
Obama, Merkel and Hollande will not do shopping in Vladivostok
The Duty Free duty free shop of the airport of Vladivostok hung out the plate forbidding to make purchases in this shop to a number of world political leaders.
Not to do shopping them spirits, vodka and cognac.
The administration of shop decided that the U.S. President Barack Obama, the German chancellor Angela Merkel, the president of France François Hollande, Vitali Klitschko, Yulia Tymoshenko, the prime minister of Japan and some more famous companions will not be able to do shopping vodka, cognac and spirits in their shop.
Also hung out the corresponding plate on a door.
Earlier Obama received a ban on emergence in even less available to it by the nature of service an institution - Dietetic dining halls of MSU what the website of institutions of a public catering reported.
Whether the American president cherished dream sometime to eat in dietetic dining hall in Russia, it is not known, but authors of bans obviously seem to themselves awfully witty.
Whether there is a cheese after embargo: Medvedev gave advice to landowners
The Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev considers that in the conditions of embargo the Russian landowners should master new technologies to market the grades of cheeses demanded at buyers.
Advice was given during visit of the Yugptitseprom factory of Agrokompleks firm.
The head of the government also gave advice to restaurateurs to be reoriented on the Russian meat which quality is up to standard.
Annual embargo on food import was entered in Russia since August 7.
The head coach of Russian national team Valentin Maslakov is happy with DecaNation tournament results.
According to the expert, the third place - good result taking into account lack of purposeful preparation for competitions.
Our athletes acted at the level, - Maslakova quotes Ves Sport.
The third place - confirmation of our rather high command level.
It is pleasant that advantage of French and even Americans over us is minimum.
It is necessary to consider that we did not prepare for these competitions.
The season is complete, and we did not begin to oblige our leaders to participation in DecaNation match.
In recent years we became the second on this tournament, but in this season the national team was updated for us.
French, on the contrary, exposed the efficient team including 13 champions of Europe.
They did not hide the intention to win this year what repeatedly publicly announced.
But even such structure of owners of competitions could not resist to Americans.
Therefore I believe that Russians acted in such representative company at the good level.
But results in some types were 10 times less than on the same Diamond League.
The season is complete.
Naturally, to athletes the result, especially in team competitions is not so important.
The main thing was here - the place.
And by results, he agrees, reached to the point of absurdity when on 1500 m of the man so were fond of tactical artful designs of run that showed result below average... female runnings.
4 hints how to achieve the best quality of underwater pictures and video
If you want to photograph or shoot video under water, before you a number of versions of the equipment.
The cheapest option - the waterproof simple hand-held camera, for example, Nikon Coolpix AW120, or an action chamber, for example, of GoPro Hero3 + Silver Edition, both from which are on sale approximately for $300.
I made these pictures on a family holiday by means of several cameras, all at the price about $350.
Irrespective of the fact which you use the equipment, several rules need to be followed to achieve the best results.
Recheck the equipment.
Even if you have a waterproof camera, be convinced that the battery of the camera and other offices are densely closed.
Besides, adjust the camera for that type of photos or video which you will shoot.
Some photo and video cameras have modes of shooting or like object which optimize an exposition for the darkened underwater conditions.
And before jumping in water, understand as deeply your equipment can fall.
Some cameras are calculated on only 5 feet, others - 50 or 60 feet.
Look at our guide of the buyer and ratings of digital cameras both for traditional, and for waterproof models.
Shoot several scenes - because many of them will not turn out.
Simple hand-held cameras have LCDs which will help you to group pictures whereas at an action chambers they are absent usually.
Even if you have LCD, it will be difficult to be made out under water, and configuration of a shot will be casual process.
Therefore make several photos.
Also, if your camera has a mode of serial shooting which shoots several scenes with a little different installations of an exposition, use it.
Remain with a surface.
The amount of light significantly decreases, than more deeply you will dive under water.
If it is possible, remain with a surface when you remove in the pool, the river or the ocean.
It will also allow you to render more colors in photos; the more deeply you will leave, the you will see less color.
Swim up closer to objects of shooting.
It is great advice for shooting on the land, but it is even more important under water because of the darkened light conditions.
It is especially important if you remove on an action chamber: This equipment is often equipped with the fixed, wide-angle lens that means that you should approach objects of shooting if you want to fill a shot.
The bronze medalist of the Olympic Games of 2012 on free-style wrestling Bilyal Makhov can turn into Greco-Roman wrestling.
The free-style wrestling head coach of the national team of Dagestan Sazhid Sazhidov reported about it.
The expert did not exclude participation of the athlete in the World Cup in Tashkent in September, 2014.
Now Bilyal Makhov is on collecting team of "classics", - quotes R-Sport of Sazhid Sazhidov.
In general, on juniors Bilyal acted also in both styles.
At the Junior World Championship of 2005 he became the winner of a tournament of wrestlers and the third prize-winner in competitions of Greek-Roman and made the decision to concentrate on free-style wrestling.
Long ago there were talks that our heavyweight will carry out a new stage of the career in Greco-Roman wrestling.
I will tell more: Moves can compete already at the World Cup in Tashkent - if wins estimation.
But the decisive word always behind coaching staff led by Gogi Koguashvili.
Andrew Lawson was such person whose strength of the personality could stir up everything around, even in such huge organization as the National health service.
The advising anesthesiologist, he devoted the career to disposal of patients both of sufferings of a disease, and of treatment torments.
Among those who addressed it, remember it the wife, there was an officer of MI6 who had to live with destructive consequences of tortures.
Lawson understood that until doctors are keen on diagnoses and diseases, those who pass treatment are disturbed, mainly, by something absolutely another - pain.
Once in 2007, however, he was that who began to suffer.
"I did not feel, as usual", he wrote in May of last year.
It was difficult for me to find forces.
Fighting against the symptoms similar to flu, he found out that he with irritation reproaches the wife, Juliet.
"I want that everything occurred quicker, and not later", he noted.
When Juliet left on affairs for a week, Lawson found out that he it is unusual and unclear why is upset.
Something was not so.
He asked the colleague to make a chest X-ray.
Only two weeks earlier he skied in the French Alps.
Results of X-ray came.
It was mesothelioma, incurable cancer which affects a pleura, or a cover of lungs.
For the majority of crayfish it is difficult to find out the exact reason.
Though some smokers develop lung cancer, for example, not all patients with cancer of lungs smoked.
But with mesothelioma in a different way.
Almost in all cases the reason - asbestos exposure, fibrous construction material which was once called "miracle", but which as now it is known, is deadly.
For the majority of us mesothelioma - a disease to which it is possible not to pay attention.
Asbestos, eventually, - material from the past.
The most dangerous person of asbestos is not used in Great Britain since the 1960s when the recommendatory industry ban came into force.
Even when it was used, only people from specific industries worked in close contact with it: pipe insulation workers, builders, carpenters and employees of docks, for example.
Industrial toxin from other era, it hardly seems the reason for concern today.
But such tranquility is wrong.
Great Britain, appears, today is at peak of epidemic of mesothelioma.
Here more people, than in any other country on the planet die of mesothelioma.
At annual mortality approximately in 2500 people, more than twice more people dies of this disease, than as a result of car accidents.
Annual amount of death from mesothelioma since 1980 and the predicted amount of death in the future in Great Britain
The reason for which we feel its deadly consequences now consists that though asbestos use illegally already many years (all types of asbestos eventually were forbidden by the law in 1999), on development of mesothelioma leave usually decades.
And the misfortune of mesothelioma is not limited to veterans of specialties of industrial construction.
Asbestos was, and in many cases remains, is put to houses where we live, offices where we work, schools where we study, and shops where we go shopping.
As a result, mesothelioma does not pay attention to a class, prosperity level, a profession or age.
Selectness bastions, from fashionable London department stores to private schools as it appeared, not rescue.
The building of parliament is penetrated by asbestos.
Even hospitals which are intended to treat us were tanks of this deadly carcinogen.
Andrew Lawson was not old.
He was not a pipe insulation worker.
As a matter of fact, he had to think where he could come into asbestos exposure.
Then he thought.
"It seems that there could be a lot of asbestos in tunnels at Guy's Hospital where I spent six years on training", he wrote.
It are students, nurses, doctors and loaders - used these tunnels.
Interestingly, how many from my peers will get sick with the same disease?
It was the question on which, unfortunately, it could give the partial answer.
"From four doctors who trained at Guy's Hospital and at whom mesothelioma for the last five years developed subsequently", he noted in the letter in 2010, "I one survived".
How many from us will get sick with this disease?
The diagnosis "mesothelioma" when he was 48 years old was made to Andrew Lawson.
When he died, on February 17 this year, to it there were 55.
To live so long unusually.
Fifty percent of patients with mesothelioma die in 8 months after diagnosis.
It is always deadly.
Thus, now we can repeat Lawson's question only: "How many from us will get sick with the same disease?"
According to the leading expert on mesothelioma in Great Britain, to professor Julian Peto, it is the most probable to assume that between 1970 and 2050 when asbestos epidemic in Great Britain has to become obsolete, about 90000 people will die.
The majority is not represented now that will die thus.
Asbestos mine in Quebec, Canada Alamy
Fast viewing of reports from courtrooms where victims often address for compensation, shows how far the mesothelioma misfortune extended.
This June, for example, Marks & Spencer recognized that they through an oversight subjected Janice Allen to asbestos exposure.
It worked in a network nine years, from 1978 to 1987, directing departments of clothes on two objects, one of which was the main shop on Oxford Street.
Mrs. Ellen was only 18 years old when she began to work in M&S.
Now at it two children are more senior than 20 years.
"Before it occurred," she speaks, "I never heard about mesothelioma, I hardly knew about asbestos.
And could not come to my mind that it will affect me.
The few people really know about asbestos much.
As a matter of fact, asbestos is not one substance, but group of six minerals.
They received the name from the word "asbestiform" which means fibrous structure which tells them durability and flexibility.
From these six, three were often used in construction.
Chrysotile widely known as white asbestos, much others meets in buildings more often today.
It was used in roofing panels, a floor tile, heat insulation of pipes, boiler seams, even in brake shoes of cars.
It is less deadly, than other forms of asbestos, but nevertheless is recognized as the European Union and World Health Organization "a serious source of damage to health" which can lead to death.
Brown asbestos (amosite) and blue asbestos (crocidolite) are more dangerous, however.
Great Britain was once the largest importer of brown asbestos in the world, and experts assume that "there are weighty, though indirect bases to believe that it is the main reason for exclusively high number of patients with mesothelioma [in Great Britain]".
The employee of Marks & Spencer was affected by asbestos in the main shop of the company on Oxford Street, London of Alamy
Janice Allen, perhaps, did not think of herself as about typical victim of mesothelioma, but Julian Peto's work allows to assume that its history is not unusual.
He conducted research of patients which allows to assume that "essential percent of mesotheliomas, when there is no the known influence at work or houses, most likely, were caused by influence of asbestos from environment".
The most part of such influence, he says, it is caused by "usual use and impact of weather" on our buildings.
Nobody, apparently, can be sure that it in safety.
The report of Goddard Consulting in which the Westminster palace was considered shows as people, even in the center of the government, could be affected unconsciously.
In 2009 Goddard reported that technical mines and pipelines behind premises of parliamentary committees were infected with asbestos which deadly fibers could be set in motion by something as harmless as "strong streams of air".
Members of parliament are often accused that they pursue own interests, but in this case it seems that the truly return.
Though the Parliamentary Works Services Directorate insisted that the Westminster palace received "the blank sanitary certificate", now it recognized that it is necessary to carry out works for £1 billion on reconstruction of parliament, having improved the electrician and having removed asbestos and and that after general election of 2015 members of parliament, perhaps, will sit at the QE2 conference center nearby, but not on green benches of Westminster.
The report of Goddard noted that "the situation with asbestos was not controlled according to various rules".
It is impossible to learn whether this error of management will cost life.
Everything that can be made now, is to wait.
One of those who did not manage to reveal the asbestos exposure is Graham Abbott, the general practitioner.
As well as Andrew Lawson, Abbott, 50, suspects that he was affected by asbestos when worked in hospitals.
"I worked in hospital to which the claims connected with asbestos" were successfully made, he says, "But I cannot prove it in my case.
It is so difficult to remember all places where worked, and dates.
What he remembers clearly, so it is day at the beginning of December, 2009 when it something that was similar to flu struck.
To it was 45, and it was on the middle of operation late evening.
Suddenly me began to be in a fever.
It began very quickly.
I felt awfully.
I thought that I will not be able to pass all way to the house.
Being a doctor, Abbott knew that pain goes from a pleura, a cover around lungs.
However, as well as Janice Allen, at it was not simple the reasons to suspect mesothelioma.
Finally, it could not go to work month.
The puzzled doctors did x-ray pictures of a thorax and put pleural catheters to extend liquid from lungs and to send it to analyses.
And still its state ostavlos without diagnosis.
Gradually its state of health improved, and it returned for work.
But from time to time the same symptoms returned, is frequent after he played sports and panted.
In 2011 one of Abbott's patients came to him to a reception with similar symptoms, and the diagnosis "mesothelioma" was made to him subsequently.
However even then Abbott did not connect it with an own case.
Eventually, his patient for decades was more senior and worked with asbestos directly.
Communication in this case was obvious.
In September, 2011 Abbott's condition worsened again, and the doctor advising him showed his CT results and x-ray pictures to group of experts.
In December, 2011, exactly in two years after Abbott began to feel bad, the sensor equipped with camera was entered into a cavity between a cover of his thorax and a cover of his lung.
I am an optimist.
I usually just go further", he says.
I not too worried about it, frankly speaking.
But Rachael, my wife, worried.
The result of a biopsy came during a week between Christmas and New year: "I was told that it is mesothelioma".
Graham Abbott: mesothelioma is diagnosed
Suddenly Abbott plunged into meetings with nurses of Macmillan, one of which suggested it to contact the lawyer.
Then he realized epidemic scale.
"It appears, asbestos was widely used, especially in big public buildings where quite often there was an asbestos heat insulation on pipes", he says.
People who were affected by asbestos in these buildings get sick with this disease now.
Thus, mesothelioma affects more young people of atypical professions now.
The dangerous pipes which are most isolated by asbestos in hospitals were in cellars therefore it is improbable that patients suffered.
But many employees who passed on pedestrian tunnels to get from one building to another (as Andrew Lawson), or ate in basement dining rooms (as Graham Abbott often did) almost for certain really were affected by toxic substance.
Within several decades after war, it appears, hospitals were the place where, theoretically, saved life for patients, but the place which posed threat for life for doctors who treated them.
It continues to be deleted still today.
School students installed the Bunsen burners on asbestos supports
And it not only hospitals.
Asbestos was often used at offices, shops, libraries and the city halls because of the surprising insulating and fire-resistant characteristics.
Schools too.
As a matter of fact, many, most likely, for the first time were affected by asbestos in a class.
Throughout the whole country, at uncountable lessons of chemistry, school students installed the Bunsen burners on asbestos supports.
There were websites paying attention to an asbestos problem at schools.
Meanwhile, in our houses, such harmless things as a floor tile or roofs of sheds, as a rule, contained asbestos.
"It is the industrial poison put in a huge number of our constructions", Andrew Morgan, the lawyer who represented Andrew Lawson in business against Guy's Hospital notes.
In one case the only contact which the sick woman could remember was demolition of a garden shed in the 1970th years.
Therefore be careful, taking down garden sheds.
The effect of the diagnosis when it is known that the disease is incurable, is huge.
"On realizing it, a lot of time leaves", Graham Abbott says.
I returned for work and tried to continue, but understood that I could not concentrate on what I do.
I stayed in surgery two weeks.
Then I understood that I should leave and deal with myself.
Well, I will not celebrate Christmas any more
Transition from position of the doctor to position of the patient was one of the most difficult things.
As uncountable number of patients to it, he remembers how he was confused by the volume of information which should be accepted.
"Everything was difficult to be realized", he says.
"I asked the doctor "How many me time?"
I was given about 12 months.
I remember how I thought: "Well, I will not celebrate Christmas any more.
That's all"".
Mesothelioma is especially dangerous as the mechanics of how we support life, - itself the act of breath - causes cancer which kills.
The majority of cases of mesothelioma are caused by asbestos exposure.
Asbestos consists of tiny fibers.
When asbestos collapses and fibers are inhaled, they can get stuck in a pleura, a cover of lungs.
Fibers of asbestos irritate a pleura and can cause mutations of cells.
"The problem arises because of inhalation of needle fibers of asbestos", professor Tom Treasure, the cardiothoracic surgeon who came in 2001 to Guy's Hospital.
That hospital, where as Andrew Lawson suspected, it was affected by asbestos, now, on a twist of fate, the leading center for treatment of mesothelioma.
Trezher knew Lawson and treated some other who were probably affected, training in hospital.
When needles of asbestos get to tissue of lungs, Trezher says, "breath pushes out them on the periphery where there is a cover.
It is, in essence, invasive process from the very beginning.
Usual options of treatment of other forms of cancer are much less effective at mesothelioma.
Efficiency of surgical intervention, for example, causes hot discussions.
It seems to some that it should be tried.
Trezher does not agree.
"It is impossible to cut out a pleura", he says.
It is impossible to be risen around it with a knife.
Meanwhile, this cancer "not really well gives in to chemotherapy" which "works", but does not cure.
"From time to time there are patients who live long", Trezher says.
But finally, all of them die.
Fortunately, some patients live much, much longer, than it is expected.
The writer Stephen Jay Gould died in 20 years after the diagnosis was made.
Two and a half years after diagnosis, Graham Abbott continue to battle.
After he got sick with mesothelioma, Abbott was acquainted with Andrew Lawson who, in four years after diagnosis, individually turned into bureau of support and consultations for the same patients.
"Hallo, Cancer Central", he when they called cheerfully spoke.
"It was very positive", Abbott says.
Made it the diagnosis 4 years ago, and it is still very vigorous.
At first offered Abbott six cycles of chemotherapy which would take four months and would prolong him life of all for a month.
"I was in despair", he says.
I wanted to give up.
Lawson, nevertheless, "managed to put a slightly better tint on everything".
Having met several experts, Abbott decided to continue treatment with professor Loic Lang-Lazdunski, professor of thoracic surgery at Guy's Hospital.
"We had an advantage that I did not need the direction, I just called them, and they accepted me", Graham admits.
The average patient should get a referral and approval for financing.
Money plays a crucial role for patients with mesothelioma to receive the best of the available types of treatment.
However when such treatment, at last, inevitably are inefficient, many patients face one financial worry - about the future of families which they will leave.
And then they turn to the courts for compensation.
Andrew Lawson contacted Andrew Morgan from Field Fisher Waterhouse LLP.
"It was known that asbestos is noxious to health, since 1898", Morgan says.
But what changed in the 1960s, so is that it became clear that even very small amounts could put health at risk.
Then started talking about dishonesty of the companies.
Andrew Lawson and Guy's Hospital eventually settled the case, but it was not "full-value settlement", according to Morgan as Lawson could not prove definitively that his mesothelioma was result of asbestos exposure at Guy's Hospital.
After investigation of his death, the representative of Guy's Hospital after all confirmed, nevertheless, that "asbestos in basements concerned was removed in the 1990s".
It was too late for Andrew Lawson.
How to remove asbestos
As a matter of fact, to tie deadly asbestos exposure to one company or the place of work - usually in decades after that - it was a big problem for the patients with mesothelioma demanding compensation.
Many of their former employers replaced the owner or were closed.
Insurance records could be lost.
And those who defend from claims, know that on their party time which claimants, of course, do not have.
In reply this year there were serious new acts which facilitate the patient with mesothelioma process of collecting compensation even if their former employers cannot be traced.
According to this law, £350-million fund of means financed by the insurance industry for those to whom the diagnosis after July, 2012 was made and who can prove contact, but who has nobody to have legal proceedings was created.
In such cases patients will receive 80 percent from the sum which the court could award in a normal compensation case - about £120000.
About 300 successful claims for this scheme are expected every year.
Andrew Morgan, as many who work with patients with mesothelioma, believe that £350 million represent "very good work" for insurance industry.
"It is the transaction written by insurers for insurers", he says, hinting that the sum makes a quarter of what insurers should pay if the time interval did not interfere and patients with mesothelioma could trace the companies and submit a claim in the regular way.
Even Mike Penning, earlier the Works and Pensions minister, recognized that the law "is imperfect".
However both Penning, and Morgan recognize that while seven people die every day, fast action was necessary.
"People suffer so strongly, and they need the help today", Penning told during the second reading of the Mesothelioma Bill in December of last year.
By then Graham Abbott was in hands of professor Loic Lang-Lazdunski of 19 months.
After primary consultations of Lang-Lazdunski recommended surgical intervention which, unlike Tom Treasure, he considers effective.
It was followed by radiotheraphy and chemotherapy - triple therapy in which Lang-Lazdunski can brag of the whole 40 percent of the survived patients in five years.
Abbott felt empowered.
"It is, of course, one of the most important things", Abbott says.
You see it at patients all the time.
There is some force which supports you.
When you give up, the state can worsen very quickly.
Graham Abbott went in for surgery in March, 2012.
By the end of August it finished the last from six cycles of chemotherapy.
The subsequent scannings did not show also a sign of the disease.
Then I had scanning in March, [2014].
There were several spots [cancer] in my thorax.
I was just about to turn 50.
It is not threat of life.
It is the end of life.
And again Abbott passed through six cycles of chemotherapy.
There is no sign of tumors also now.
However this process as physically, and is emotionally heavy.
It is possible to think of practical things - about finance when I die, for example, or that it is necessary to show to the wife as boiler timer works.
When you get bad news, you become sad.
It is necessary to look forward.
As to Ellie's, 16, and father of Tamsin, 14, it is not always easy.
"It is difficult for the parent", he says.
It is heavy to understand what to tell and how much to tell.
When for the first time made me the diagnosis, I told girls that I have a disease which means that I will not live up to an old age.
They reacted very differently.
Tamsin very sociable and vigorous.
She told all the friends, and we were very quickly called by many.
Ellie was more reserved.
She did not say much.
Such conversations are something what all cancer patients should face.
But for patients such discussions are not counterbalanced with mesothelioma with hope, even a gleam of an opportunity to survive.
This desease carries with itself (even as eventually for Stephen Jay Gould) a grim certainty.
As Andrew Morgan speaks, "mesothelioma is not life threatening.
Bodies of embalmed Pharaohs are wrapped in asbestos cloths.
Fibers of asbestos are used for strengthening of pans and increase in heat resistance.
Pliny the Elder describes asbestos.
Now the cloth which does not ignite is invented.
I saw the napkins made of it smoldering in fireplaces at banquets
Modern commercial use of asbestos begins in Italy where it is used for paper production (even a banknote) and fabrics.
Large asbestos mines open in Canada and South Africa and soon after that in America, Italy and Russia.
It is an ideal heat insulator for steam engines and turbines of Industrial revolution.
Global asbestos production grows more than to 30000 tons per year.
Statisticians with Prudential reveal premature mortality among those who work with asbestos and who are subsequently refused life insurance.
Nellie Kershaw dies in Rochdale.
Doctor William Cook demonstrates that asbestos particles in her lungs "were beyond reasonable doubt the main reason for death".
It is the first case of this kind.
Kershaw's employers, Turner Bros Asbestos, do not admit liability.
Compensation is not paid.
During World War II the shipbuilding, one of the deadliest occupations from the point of view of asbestos exposure intensively develops.
Voluntary industry ban on import of blue asbestos
The Court of Appeal confirms the first successful claim for the harm to health done as a result of asbestos exposure in Great Britain.
Global asbestos production grows more than to 4213000 tons per year.
Great Britain imports 139000 tons.
The Health and Safety Executive Committee in Great Britain demands that all contractors working with asbestos obtained the license.
Import and use of blue and brown asbestos is banned by law in Great Britain.
All use of asbestos is forbidden in Great Britain.
Mesothelioma Act is adopted in Great Britain.
The scheme of compensation of £350 million is announced.
Asbestos is banned more than in 50 countries, but white asbestos is still used in cheap construction materials in many parts of the world.
World production remains approximately at the level of 2 million tons per year.
China refuses to grant to Hong Kong the right to choose leaders; protesters vow vengeance
The parliament of China made the decision on Sunday not to allow voters of Hong Kong to propose candidates for elections of 2017, despite growing agitation for democratic reform.
Such course, most likely, will lay the foundation for the promised protests long ago in business quarter of Hong Kong as activists began planning and mobilization immediately after this statement.
The decision of the National People's Congress essentially allows communistic leaders to move away all candidates who are not loyal to Beijing.
"It did not deceive our expectations, but after all infuriates," the legislator Emily Lau, the chairman of Democratic party told.
This is not what Beijing promised.
They deceived people of Hong Kong.
And it is obvious that we deal with authoritarian regime.
Protecting the decision of China, Li Fei, the deputy secretary general of the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress, told that to allow national promotion at elections of the Hong Kong's leader would be "too chaotic".
Since 1997 when Great Britain ceded control over Hong Kong back to China, Beijing promised to allow inhabitants of the region to elect by vote the head of the government, since 2017.
The Chinese leaders presented the decision made on Sunday as a democratic breakthrough as it grants to Hong Kongers the right for direct vote; however the decision also makes clear that the Chinese leaders will continue to hold strong process in the hand through the nominating committee controlled from Beijing tightly.
And, according to new article, only candidates who "love the country and love Hong Kong" will be allowed.
The decision was made after summer when there were one of the most large-scale and widely publicized protests in Hong Kong for many years.
Behind the most part of pro-democracy campaign in Hong Kong there is a movement Occupy Central With Love and Peace which organizers threatened to block the financial Region of Hong Kong if Beijing does not guarantee authentic universal suffrage.
On Sunday evening, in several hours after the statement, hundreds of supporters of Occupy Central gathered in the rain before headquarters of the government of Hong Kong.
At demonstration organizers declared that their movement passes to a new stage of civil disobedience and that they will rise on protest waves in the next weeks.
Nevertheless, they did not report details, obviously, seeking to avoid problems with public authorities.
In an online statement organizers reported that the movement "considered a possibility of the occupation of Central only as the last resort, there is no action which can be undertaken only if all opportunities of dialogue are exhausted and other choice.
We with a big regret report that today all opportunities of dialogue are exhausted and the occupation of Central will undoubtedly take place.
Public authorities in Hong Kong prepared for the statement of Beijing several days, and on Sunday in headquarters of the government security measures with involvement of police and barricades were strengthened.
The feeling at many in Hong Kong is the cornerstone of disorders that they slowly lose control over own city.
Inflow of inhabitants from the continent strengthens the competition in the sphere of goods and services.
Also the fear amplifies that values of Hong Kong, such as democracy and freedom of speech, begin to weaken under the increasing pressure from Beijing.
Some criticize the movement Occupy Central, saying that its demonstrations put at risk business - a source of vital force of Hong Kong.
"A protest about which they speak, it can lead to extensive economic damage depending on that how many the person will participate and as long", the legislator Regina Yip who criticizes the movement long ago told.
We do not want that the concern that Hong Kong gets out of hand extended.
This representation which is harmful to investments.
The Chinese state media also gave reportings in recent days in which the Hong Kong democracy activists were shown by the saboteurs directed by the western powers.
This summer activists organized an unofficial referendum on the suffrage which attracted 780000 participants - more than one heel of voters of Hong Kong.
And in July tens of thousands came to one of the largest pro-democracy demonstrations in the history of the region.
The American culture of graduation parties reaches university life: to first-year students suggested to come by the personal plane
We are glad to react to such demand, having started the Great Britain's first service of travel of luxury range for present students.
To leave bright impression of arrival in university, the company also offers such options of transportation as the personal plane, Rolls-Royce Phantom, Aston Martin or McLaren P1.
Mr. Stewart also declared that service thought of safety.
This service - ideal alternative of students who usually should carry the things through the whole country in dangerously overloaded car.
In combination with our new options for VIF, we look forward to how we will help students of this year to reach university with a minimum of efforts and a maximum of luxury.
The representative of the company reported that as this service is just started, orders did not arrive yet, however added that "students will begin to order this service in the following several weeks".
The company also declared that in spite of the fact that students are faced by need to pay for training £9000 a year, it nevertheless hopes to find the market for this service.
Present students quite strongly differ from students in that, as for expectations and hopes 10, 20, 30 or 40 years ago: it is more important, than ever, to make excellent first impression, and VIF - what for this purpose is necessary.
Nevertheless, the National union of students scarified this service as torn off from reality.
Megan Dunn, the vice-president of NUS for the higher education, told: "This project is submitted incredibly idealistic most of students.
Many students who this month will begin study at university face crisis of cost of life when available financial support in a form of the credits and grants is not in time behind promptly growing expenses on basic requirements before they can in general begin to think of taking out thousands of pounds on something like simple arrival in the hostel.
Feminists bring up a question of race and behavior of police after Ferguson
The unarmed teenager was killed by the police officer in Ferguson, Missouri, earlier this month.
Comers raise hands, chanting: "Hands up, do not shoot" while they wait in turn before a funeral.
After two weeks of protests in Ferguson, Missouri connected with murder of the unarmed teenager Michael Brown the blogger Miriam Zoila Perez noticed shift in Internet conversation among white feminists.
By its experience, the white feminists leaving comments put a gender above race when the speech came about advance of the reproductive rights and inequalities of the income.
However, as tension on the Midwest grew and drew national attention, Perez saw answers of white women which concentrated on 100 percent on race.
In comparison with reaction of black women soon after murder on August 9, personal essays with such headings as "thoughts of Ferguson on behalf of the white woman" and "The feminism is not only about oppression of women" appeared rather late.
But for Perez they showed essential shift.
"In feminism, I do not think that there are many people who speak about white color skin and privileges at such high level", she told.
People felt need to tell something about what happened.
It is very symbolical for crisis which we faced and therefore that (a situation in Ferguson) it is so tied to race, they felt that it is necessary to point to it.
For professor of English at University of the State of Ohio Koritha Mitchell Ferguson bared problems which black Americans face every day, but which are not perceived as "female problems" in the cultural sphere.
"I can write something ridiculous to Facebook about what happens to me and my partner, and I will receive 150 likes from everywhere", Mitchell says.
When I write something about how color people take the battering in the own country, silence deafens.
"Why it is safe to women to speak publicly about the relations, but not about safety in the public sphere?", she asks.
For black women as Mitchell which studied questions of race, a gender and sexuality in the history of the USA is not present a dichotomy between the questions concerning race and a gender.
From her point of view, black women are on in that situation accurately to divide these problems; they face difficult reality every day.
While white women unite questions of race and a gender in a feministic mainstream now, Angela Hattery, professor of female and gender researches in George Mason University, says what their predecessors did on the contrary.
"Between 1865 and 1890 lynched, at least, 10000 black men, and it almost always by rape of the white woman was formed the basis", Hattery told.
The white woman confirming the story to prove lynching was necessary.
From the point of view of Hattery, the gap between white and black women occurred when white suffragettes, for example, of Susan B. Anthony studied a situation at the end of the 1800th years and saw that fight for the suffrage will be effective only for one of groups: women or black.
"They made the decision to put all eggs in a vote basket for women, and the vote for the black had to appear later", Hattery told.
The view back of similar things gives us a fair idea of why color women do not trust white women.
We did not make anything good.
We never helped black women to protect their husbands and sons.
Even after women achieved a vote in 1920, ten years on that white women united against lynchings in Association of women of the South for prevention of lynchings left.
This group appeared almost in 40 years after black women for the first time asked the help, Mitchell told.
From the point of view of Mitchell, rise of reactions of white feminists to the problems lifted by a situation in Ferguson - behavior of police, racial discrimination - reflects time when white feminists had "to catch up" with problems with which black women coped in several generations.
"However, it would be excellent if activists at whom is such [traditional feminist] ideology, also seriously would treat the right to bring up the child, what do they think of the right for contraception?", Mitchell asked.
Feminists of the second wave who made pits on fight for the reproductive rights and access to contraceptives begin to understand now that it means.
The famous white activist of the feminist movement Gloria Steinem in two weeks after Michael Brown's murder used Facebook and published sharp article of the columnist of Guardian Rebecca Carroll who demanded that white Americans took great interest in protests concerning racism.
"I hope that women who have another, but the similar reason to understand the danger consisting in a body - and the points of view on racial problems which significantly differ in polls of the public - will be at the head of changes", wrote Steinem.
Though Steinem warrants for more crossed feminism which includes both problems of race, and a gender, her comments on race in America still surprise some.
The researcher of the American enterprise institute Christina Sommers, the author "Who stole feminism?", She The People told that young men in the United States, especially color young people, "are much more vulnerable, than their sisters", but notes Steinem about Ferguson contradict criticism which she stated earlier.
Now we have hundreds of special programs for girls and young women, but almost nothing for boys.
However when the White House initiated the small program recently, the My Brother's Keeper to help vulnerable black and hispanic young men, angry reaction from many feminists, including from Gloria Steinem followed.
The relations of police with black community - not the only problem advancing the advanced line of traditional feminism.
After the border service of the USA arrested about 63000 minors without maintenance on southwest border of the country this year, immigration reform came to a surface again - this time as a problem of women.
Andrea Mercado, the cochairman of We Belong Together, the organization which will mobilize women in support of immigration reform, told that to give this problem as important for women, she needed to share stories of female immigrants only.
"They speak for themselves", Mercado told.
When the vast majority of working visas are given to [male immigrants], women who come with them are in a position, vulnerable for domestic violence and operation.
"These stories get a response from women's organizations", she told.
The Ipswich " pig in residence " house is on sale
The photo of the house offered for sale in Suffolk was removed by realtors when it turned out that on it the big pig having a rest in a drawing room is represented.
The offered for sale for £120000, certain house with one bedroom stands on the private road in Ipswich.
The detailed description differed in the photo of a drawing room of the house - on which the pig with the head which is based upon a sofa was represented.
The agency on real estate of Connells reported that a pig in the photo - a pet of the owner of the house.
"However, the photo was placed by mistake and already removed", the representative of the company reported.
In the detailed description of the house, Connells described the former house of meetings as "the unique certain house with one bedroom".
In spite of the fact that the agency removed the photo from the website, it still remains in advertizing materials.
Sale of the house caused interest on social networks where some asked whether the pig together with the house is on sale.
The Russian tennis-player Maria Sharapova, in a match of the fourth circle of US Open the conceded Caroline Wozniacki, considers that it lacks stability.
According to the sportswoman, she wants to finish adequately year and to try to come to new level, Vasily OSIPOV tells from New York.
How you in general estimate the results on tournaments of the Grand Slam this year?
Of course, I am glad that it was succeeded to win on Roland Garros against.
As for three other tournaments, I lacked stability, especially in endings of some matches.
Now I, of course, am upset.
Could not reach even a quarterfinal.
What tasks you set for yourself until the end of a season?
After a disappointing loss I have a huge motivation to come to new level.
To me is what to work on, and I am going to do everything possible adequately to finish year.
An Asian series of tournaments begins already in few weeks.
The member of the committee of the State Duma on physical culture, sport and affairs of youth, the former world champion Nikolay Valuyev suggested to give for achieving GTO standards bonuses at entering higher education institutions.
According to him, in general standards will be same, as well as in Soviet period, - people will hit qualifying standards for pulling up, run and other exercises.
Let's remind, 12 subjects of Russia will begin to introduce since September 1 in the territory GTO standards.
Also I offered school students who passed GTO, to give bonuses at entering higher education institutions, - Valuyev noted.
For example, they can add points to USE a few.
There are offers also to give additional day off to employees of the enterprises which passed these sports tests.
In Harvey's city in the Southern Wales the new millionaire after a prize in a lottery appeared
The player in a lottery from Harvey this month.
Search of the new millionaire in the southwest from Perth where one lucky will take away home nearly $1,1 million from draw of a lottery on Saturday evening is conducted.
The newsstand in Harvey brings gold in draw of the first prize the second time in five years, last prize made $1 million in November, 2009.
However the successful winner still needs to declare.
The owner of a bench Steve Forward told that the prize caused a stir in a small town to the southwest from Perth.
All city speaks about it, and all are very excited.
We thought that such prize could be secret.
Eight winners from Western Australia celebrated a prize of the first prize last month, noting end of several successful weeks for players of the state.
Last week the player from Canning Vale became one of five millionaires of August, after huge $ a 7,5-million prize of couple from Belmont for only several weeks before.
The won couple plays twenty years and reported that the prize presented them an opportunity to travel all over the world and to buy the new house.
The millionaire from Harvey leads up number won the first prize in Western Australia to 59 this year, with the total amount of prize of of $85 million.
The Ministry of Economic Development wants to accelerate growth of the market of electric vehicles
This week the Ministry of Economic Development will bring in the government a comprehensive plan of development of environmentally friendly transport in Russia, the deputy director of department of the ministry Oleg Pluzhnikov on a round table which was carried out by Vedomosti on the Moscow motor show - 2014 told.
The plan is made at the request of the government, one of main objectives - decrease in emissions of greenhouse gases.
It is expected that the document will be accepted at the end of September - the beginning of October, Pluzhnikov says, the proposed measures concern electric vehicles and hybrids - the development plan for vehicles on gas motor fuel in Russia already is.
The plan (Vedomosti has a copy) is calculated on 2014-2017.
It is necessary to develop criteria for evaluation of electro-and hybrid transport and to decide how to stimulate use and production of environmentally friendly vehicles.
The report to the government in which tax and customs measures of support of the electric transport will be described will be prepared by December, 2014; the scheme of preferential crediting and preferential leasing will appear by April, 2015; and offers on reduction of price of cars, stimulation of localization and creation of service infrastructure will be developed by October, 2015.
In 2014-2015 it is supposed to make changes to normative legal acts to facilitate conditions for construction of charging infrastructure (on parkings, gas stations and so forth).
Besides, federal officials intend to formulate during 2015 for the regional authorities of the offer that those also stimulated use of environmentally friendly transport - in the form of granting advantage to it at the movement and the parking, for example; and by February, 2016 - and offers on expansion of state procurements of such transport.
At last, the Ministry of Economic Development by October, 2014 will bring the criteria reflecting efficiency of support of production of environmentally friendly transport, development of charging infrastructure in the list of indicators of assessment of activity of regional authorities.
The market of electric vehicles in Russia so far is only formed - in 2013 in the whole country about 100 electric vehicles are sold.
At the beginning of 2014 the import duty on electric vehicles therefore sales will make about 500 pieces is nullified, the chief executive officer of Mitsubishi Motors in Russia Andrey Pankov foretells.
But also fivefold growth does not do electric vehicles a little noticeable: in 2013 in Russia, according to Association of European Businesses, 2,78 million automobile and light commercial cars are sold.
So far to Russia electric vehicles are imported only by Mitsubishi Motors.
Renault is going to begin import - the company is guided first of all by corporate clients, the director of strategic planning and partnership of Renault in Russia Nicolas Remiz says.
Most of other producers of electric transport took a waiting attitude on Russia.
The Russian producers have developments of electric vehicles also -"", GAZA, "", but release scanty.
For example, in January - July, 2014, according to ASM Holding, "AvtoVAZ" released 30 electric vehicles.
Demand is low because of high cost of electric vehicles, the director for Engineering at AvtoVAZ Sergey Amanov recognizes, without state support break in this segment will not be....
Development of the Russian market of electric vehicles besides high cost of cars (those electric vehicles that are on sale in Russia, are on average twice more expensive than analogs with internal combustion engines) constrains backwardness of charging infrastructure (gas stations - units), the CEO of Avtostat Sergey Tselikov sighs.
Because of high cost and low rates of decrease in prime cost electric vehicles in the next 3-4 years will remain a niche segment of the Russian market, the editor-in-chief of "Avtorevyu" Mikhail Podorozhansky predicts, Tselikov agrees with it.
Car makers, on the contrary, say that some models of electric vehicles are already close to the cost of usual.
The Russian market of electric vehicles has good prospects, the main thing - to instill confidence in consumers that "electromobility" is real; it will be promoted, in particular, by emergence all of new charging stations, the president of BMW group in Russia Wolfgang Schlimme emphasizes.
Such infrastructure projects are realized, for example, by Rosseti state company: in Moscow several stations are constructed, about 80 more soon will appear.
Negotiations on construction of network of fueling stations are conducted also with other regions.
According to the director of the department of Rosseti Vladimir Sofyin, the company trusts in the market of electric vehicles and is ready to construct gas stations throughout the whole country, but there are also problems: a small amount of electric vehicles in the country and lack of the uniform standard for charging of electric vehicles of various brands.
Besides, Rosseti as the network company have no right to be engaged in sale of the electric power, an opportunity to do it concerning charging of electric vehicles is studied.
Punks are considered by the most effective measure of state support of formation in Russia of the market of electric vehicles by zeroing of the customs duties.
The zero rate will work until the end of 2014, the possibility of its extension, extension of the preferential list is studied.
Replacement of a transport tax on ecological (the idea is discussed and concerns all cars) will support the market too, but is not as notable as customs preferences, considers Punks.
The transport tax in Russia is small, speaks Punks, in difference, for example, from Norway where reduction in tax led to the sharp growth of sales of electric vehicles - now 12% of the market are the share of them.
Russia is necessary and the stimulating measures for car owners, for example the free parking in the downtown (as already made in Moscow), it is sure Punks, or traficability of electric vehicles on the allocated strips that in Russia not yet.
In Colorado the private plane crashed
The single-motor Piper PA-46 plane crashed in the American state of Colorado.
Three from five people who are in it died, ITAR-TASS reports.
Survivors are taken to hospital.
Accident came in several kilometers from a runway of city airport Denver.
Now causes of the tragedy are established.
In Donetsk region deal with captured fighters of the Donbass battalion.
Chasteners were surrounded near Ilovaisk.
They were betrayed by own commanders, and tens of security officers died under firing.
Those who survived, say that if they know what actually situation in southeast of Ukraine, to be at war they would not go.
It is possible to call 108 prisoners lucky.
Chasteners from the Donbass battalion survived after that "meat grinder" to which they got near Ilovaisk.
In an environment of army of the Donetsk People's Republic fighters spent several days which are actually thrown by the commanders and the authorities of Ukraine.
When from headquarters reported that it is possible to leave "ring" along allegedly provided corridor, the column moved.
But literally in a couple of minutes shells and bullets whistled from all directions.
"Judging by that information which I was given, we had a corridor, to us allowed to leave, - tells the acting deputy commander of a battalion, having signal "Lermontov".
And when we between Mnogopolye and Chervonoselsky went down to the lowland, cross fire began with anti-tank guided missiles, with the ZU-23-2, grenade launchers 30-millimeter, the BMD automatic guns, small arms.
Four cars and behind three were ahead of me, as a result of cars remained only two.
The officer with a call sign "Lermontov" tells: practically at once not less than 60 people died, tens were wounded, many died already then.
Those whom they came to kill provide to the survived fighters medical care now.
Now prisoners are surprised to the fact that so-called "terrorists" treat them not bad, give food, medicines.
While own commanders actually deceived them and doomed to certain death.
We were betrayed simply, - they say.
Column, all battalion that it was destroyed.
In the Donbass battalion, as well as his many companions, Alexey arrived the volunteer, in the Ukrainian news told about atrocities which were allegedly repaired in the southeast by "separatists".
Already here Alexey saw absolutely other picture.
His mother in Luhansk was killed - and not somebody, and the Ukrainian military.
The friend called me, told that there is a mortar attack that most likely it is the Ukrainian armed forces, - one of soldiers, Alexey tells.
I wanted to leave after that a battalion.
We were not let out from Ilovaisk, told that we in a ring.
I agreed already with the commander, the official report already wrote about leaving.
We from collecting with Zurakhovo were carried to Ilovaisk at once.
According to prisoners, in "copper" near Ilovaisk got stuck the person 300-350.
Now some escaped admit that if it was possible to turn back the clock, they would not enter for anything a retaliatory battalion.
Rebels transferred all prisoners to security officers of DPR.
Everyone will check for participation in war crimes.
In the region the headquarters on restriction of food prices are created
In Krasnoyarsk Krai the headquarters which will limit if necessary increase in prices for products in the market of the region are created.
The decree on creation of this structure is already signed.
Members of the government of edge, representatives of executive power and supervising departments were a part of headquarters.
Everything together they will watch the prices of agricultural products in the region.
Whether Vestie Ekonomika ― Will compensate Kiev Rosneft of $140 million losses?
The head of Rosneft Igor Sechin declared that the company assesses damages from firing of the Lysychansk oil refinery in Ukraine at $140 million.
He reported about it in interview of Spiegel.
"We assess damages at $140 million and we will conduct negotiations with the Ukrainian government on compensation payment", - Sechin declared.
According to him, commissioning the Lysychansk oil refinery modernized by the company was planned in 2014.
However the part of plant was destroyed by the Ukrainian artillery.
"There were no fights, there were no "the dug round insurgents", but the Ukrainian artillery destroyed part of an industrial facility.
Besides, the technological oil pumped in pipes" was gone, - he told.
Let's remind, on July 18 in connection with firing of the Lysychansk oil refinery the tank for storage of oil burned down and buildings of two warehouses are destroyed.
The Lysychansk oil refinery - the main oil refinery in Ukraine, the first stage of the enterprise is put into operation in October, 1976.
The general power of the Lysychansk oil refinery makes about 7 million tons of oil raw materials a year.
The plant is capable to produce fuel of the Euro-4 standard, and also a consignment of diesel fuel of the Euro-5 standard.
In March, 2012 supply of oil to the Lysychansk oil refinery was suspended in connection with its unprofitability.
At the enterprise was decided to begin repair.
In a year Rosneft received the Lysychansk oil refinery together with other Ukrainian assets of TNK-BP.
DPRK made start of a shell of small range towards the Sea of Japan.
As South Korean mass media report, it occurred about 10:30 in the morning local time from the Province of Chagangdo which is on border of North Korea and China.
As told Interfax in South Korean Joint Chiefs of Staff, allegedly, the rocket fell to the Sea of Japan after flew by about 220 kilometers.
The ruble falls against geopolitical pressure
At the Moscow exchange the dollar grew at opening by 3 kopeks to 37,15 rub, the ruble decreased to a dual currency basket against geopolitical tension.
The auction in UTS on dollar started transactions in borders of 37,11-37,2 rub / $1, on average in two minutes a course $1 is fixed at the level of 37,16 rub/, it is 4 kopeks higher than the level of the previous closing.
Euro exchange rate made 48,79 rub for 1 euro, it is 3 kopeks higher than the level of the previous closing.
The price of a dual currency basket added 3,5 kopeks and made 42,395 rub.
The US dollar trades for 23 kopeks above of an official rate, euro - is 16 kopeks higher than an official rate.
The Russian market on Friday, August 29, continued prompt decrease, however panic this time was not observed.
Also the ruble continued to become cheaper and even updated a historical maximum to dollar.
Now investors win back deterioration in a geopolitical situation and possible new sanctions to Russia already in advance.
However so far it is more similar to the artificial hysterics inflated through media, especially western.
Not so there is already a lot of options of imposition of new sanctions to the Russian Federation.
TeleTrade "At opening of the Moscow exchange ruble continues sharp easing against a dual currency basket.
The geopolitical background remains the defining factor.
However, if in the near future we do not see a new negative, both the Russian indexes, and positions of national currency can be corrected.
"Orenburg Airlines" will have legal proceedings with Ideal Tour
"Orenburg Airlines" made to Ideal Tour claims for the total amount of 4,7 billion rubles.
It is about two case to which meetings will be connected in October.
Different judges will consider cases.
As reports Interfax, the first claim was submitted on August 14.
Its sum is slightly more than 425 million rubles.
The meeting on it is appointed to October 7.
The second application was submitted on August 18.
Its sum is 4,24 billion rubles.
The meeting on it is appointed to October 2.
As told journalists in the Russian union of the tourism industry, judges on affairs are appointed different.
In July in media information on debts of Ideal Tour to "The Orenburg aviliniya" in the sum of 1,5 billion rubles appeared.
The CEO of airline Victor Zyukin speaks about the sum of 1,6 billion rubles.
The CEO of Aeroflot Vitaly Savelyev calls still a large sum - two billion rubles.
Twitter tried to become more interesting to new users
The Twitter microblogging service changed process of registration of users quicker to involve new participants in active interaction with a platform.
This measure has to reduce the number of the people who threw the microblogs.
Now new users of Twitter will look through a large number of the accounts recommended by service during registration at once to make the circle of reading.
Recommendations are formed on the basis of the interests specified at registration.
At this Twitter automatically establishes a tick on a subscription for all automatically chosen accounts.
Because of it the user should remove with own hand ticks not to read those who are not interesting to him.
If earlier users of a microblogging service saw only avatars of the recommended users, then now Twitter removes a sample of one of popular tweets of the blogger to help to make impression about the person.
This largest change in a page of registration of Twitter for the last three years.
Recently Twitter actively works on service modernization.
Such activity is connected, first of all, with the continuing attempts of service to reach profitability.
In 2014 the microblogging service faced delay of a gain of the user base and falling of activity of readers.
The company desperately needs at present the bigger number of consumers loyal to a resource who, having come time, would remain for a long time.
Only this way it is possible to provide a stable stream of advertizing means.
Knowledge Day in Moscow will be chilly and rainy
The first of September in the Moscow region throughout the day will be cool and rainy, meteorologists report.
Air temperature in Moscow will make from 16 to 18 degrees, in Moscow area - 13-18 degrees.
At weather, cloudy with clearings, by places rains will expect to fall, wind of east quarter at the same time will be quite weak - only 3-8 meters per second.
The program of vehicle scrappage renewed since September 1
Since September 1 in Russia action of the program for vehicle scrappage is resumed.
Till December 31, 2014 10 billion rubles will be allocated for these purposes.
As the head of Minpromtorg of the Russian Federation Denis Manturov explained, money is allocated from limits which are already brought to the Ministry of Industry and Trade of the Russian Federation by redistribution from other directions of support.
The program will concern all cars is more senior than six years.
The sum of compensation will make from 40 thousand for the car to 350 thousand rubles for cargo.
Earlier in Russia the similar program of vehicle scrappage already worked.
The main difference of the present project, the minister explained, that not only utilization of cars for receiving the subsequent discount, but also an opportunity is now supposed in case the car reached age more than six years to get new at a discount at delivery old in "trade-in" from the dealer, Interfax tells.
Over 16 billion rubles were spent for the previous federal program of utilization existing from January 1, 2010 to December 31, 2011.
Thanks to it, level of production of cars in 2010 made about 1,2 million pieces (it is plus of 101,4% in relation to 2009).
The creator of Coming Out Simulator will release game about modern journalism
The game designer Nicky Case famous on the game Coming Out Simulator decided to release game about modern journalism.
He told about the project in interview of Kill Screen.
The case began work on game a few weeks ago, however this fact gained wide fame only now.
Events in Ferguson where now there are protests which began after the police officer killed the unarmed black teenager became an inspiration source for game.
In focus of the project which has no name yet there will be how information illumination of stories influences their consequences.
To the hero of game, the civil journalist, it will be necessary to photograph the events in areas where there are skirmishes between police and the population.
The hero can photograph differently the events that will affect the course of events.
If he shoots a scene so that police officers will look heroes, and protesters - bandits, the police will begin to belong and let better to him there where the ordinary person cannot pass.
If it covers events differently, its photos can turn peace protests into large-scale revolt.
Points in game will need to be scored by means of twitter of the hero on which new subscribers will appear if the photos posted there are popular.
Game has no name yet.
Date of an exit and platform on which it will appear are unknown.
The case, however, published the image showing as the event can change how the picture about it is taken and processed.
In interview of Kill Screen Keyes explained that he considered the concept of such game for a long time, however initially wanted to devote it not to protests in the USA, and to events in the Gaza Strip.
After it began to collect material for game, the game designer realized that it lacks knowledge and skills for illumination of history of the region.
However when he saw how media cover events in Ferguson, he decided to make game based on an event.
Nicky Case is an independent developer who releases browser games.
Coming Out Simulator which left in 2014 became its most famous project.
This game in which it is told about events from Keyes's biography is devoted to how the bisexual teenager tries to tell about the relations to homophobic parents.
Heletey involves Ukraine throughout bloodshed
Appeal to prepare for next "tens of thousands" of the victims the Minister of Defence of Ukraine Valery Heletey involves the people throughout bloody opposition, it is told in the Russian Foreign Ministry statement.
"In Moscow, of course, paid attention to statements of the head of the Ukrainian military of department Valery Heletey who declared "completion of operation on release of the East of Ukraine from terrorists" and the beginning of "Great Patriotic War" in which losses will be estimated in "tens of thousands".
Degree of adequacy of the head of the military of the department of Ukraine which published on the page on Facebook the mentioned post, - a subject for research of experts not in military area", - it is said in the message of the Russian diplomats.
They hardly believe that similar statements can belong to the Minister of Defence of the civilized state.
On the page on Facebook the Minister of Defence of Ukraine wrote on Monday: "On informal channels the Russian side already several times threatened that in case of continuation of resistance they are ready to use against us the tactical nuclear weapon".
At the same time he declared that "operation on release of the East of Ukraine" is complete.
Perez Hilton removed all intimate pictures of stars and apologized
Today the horror captured more than 60 Hollywood stars.
Hackers cracked primitive passwords in iCloud (storage of data) in smartphones then their intimate pictures appeared on the website of the blogger Perez Hilton.
However, for a while.
Let's remind, the official representative of a star of "The Hunger Games" Jennifer Lawrence already reported about theft of photos from its mobile phone, and also confirmed that all pictures which "shine" in the Network are original.
Perez Hilton is the creator of the website tabloid of the same name, apologized to the actress Jennifer Lawrence and her colleagues from shop for the publication of their frank pictures, The Independent writes.
No, me nobody forced it to do.
Their agents did not contact me.
And now I will remove Jennifer Lawrence and Victoria Justice's candid photos", - the blogger on Twitter wrote.
However all candid photos of stars already scattered on the Network.
David Beckham got into accident, disappearing from paparazzi
David Beckham got into accident on the motorcycle, escaping from paparazzi.
It happened in Los Angeles on turn on Sunset Boulevard.
The British football player got off with a bruise and a sprained right hand.
Beckham left a tattoo salon where he was waited by paparazzi.
Escaping their prosecution on the motorcycle, he did not manage on turn to drive and fell, TMZ with reference to sources, close to the football player, writes.
As a result Beckham got a bruise, a sprained right hand and scratches.
Tony Stewart has accident, having returned on a track
Tony Stewart's return to a track ended already a little more, than in the middle of race on Atlanta Motor Speedway.
Stewart crashed into a wall the second time after its right forward tire exploded on the 172nd circle, having put an end to its performance.
Stewart brought the shabby car to garage and then left, without talking to reporters.
The head of his team Chad Johnston told that 14 members of team are upset, but now will concentrate on race in next weekends in Richmond, Virginia.
"I would like that there was more successful attempt and more successful finish for it", Johnston told.
We will go to Richmond and, I hope, there at us it will turn out better.
Stewart at first crashed into a wall in race Sunday evening after collision with Kyle Busch earlier that demanded repair of the right side of its car.
"I began today with quite big hope to come successfully to the finish", Johnston told, having added, "Just it did not turn out".
Soon after the second accident, Stewart's car was shipped on the tow truck, and a team was gathered and was ready to leave.
Stewart missed three races NASCAR Sprint Cup after his car brought down and killed other driver during race on the soil route in the north of the State of New York.
He decided to return this week, and he needed to win either in Atlanta, or on the following races in Richmond to take part in Prosecution.
It returned to work during investigation of tragic incident as a result of which 20-year-old Kevin Ward Jr. who went to the track died to state discontent to Stewart during race.
Law enforcement agencies reported on Friday that trial of a cause of accident will continue, at least, two more weeks.
The decision on whether charge will be brought to Stewart, was not accepted.
The three-time champion was met by loud exclamations and an applause when he was represented before race.
Having started with the 12th position, Stewart went in the first 10 at the beginning of race, having reached the fourth position.
Then on the 122nd circle after restart Bush's number.
the car 18 descended from a trajectory at the exit from turn 2 and crashed into Stewart, having pushed both cars in a wall.
Stewart continued, but lagged behind to the 21st position.
Sobchak and Vitorgan have breakfast cigarettes with Zhvanetsky in Odessa
Ksenia Sobchak and Maxim Vitorgan are in Odessa now what the TV host did not fail to report in the Instagram about.
However, one photo very much surprised and very confused admirers of couple.
The picture is made at Zhvanetsky.
"During a breakfast at Mikhail Mikhalycha Zhvanetsky Maxim explains what is an Instagram:)) #одесса", - Ksenia Sobchak signed the photo.
However except cigarettes nothing is present at a table.
Any coffee, rolls, oil and other...
Admirers of couple decided that Ksyusha smokes too, and condemned it for it.
"And cigarettes whose?, "Smoking kills!", "What - that a cigarette breakfast)", ", It seems, during a breakfast, and on a table only of a cigarette)))", "Ksenia, you smoke too?", - subscribers of her blog were excited for the favourite.
Let's remind, recently Sobchak bragged of what tasty dinner was made for the first time to it by Maxim Vitorgan.
"Happiness is when you come to the dacha, and the husband to your arrival made a dinner (for the first time for matrimonial life, but what tasty. The main thing that now at the end of a dinner did not tell words from a joke: "that now so every day was", - Ksenia Sobchak bragged of the husband.
In a picture it is visible that Maxim zealously prepares something, and on a table a pickles and the baked chicken is already given.
Prison employees of Bulgaria carried out a national protest action
Hundreds of prison employees from all Bulgaria carried out a national protest action before the Ministry of Justice in the capital of the country of Sofia.
During peaceful demonstration they repeated the requirements to return former working conditions which were changed recently.
Increase in salaries is also included into the list of requirements which will be discussed with the acting as the Minister of Justice Hristo Ivanov.
Within a month officers expressed a symbolical protest against the new schedule of work, demanding to return former 24-hour shifts.
In spite of the fact that the labor union of prison employees repeatedly met representatives of the Ministry of Justice, the agreement was not reached, reports the Bulgarian National Radio (BNR).
Negotiations continue, the head of Head department of execution of punishments Rosen Zhelyazkov reported BNR.
It is expected that federated members of labor unions of staff of the Ministry of Internal Affairs will join a protest of labor union of prison employees.
The army controls the new government of Thailand
The general Prayut (on the right) appointed to a post of the Minister of Defence Pravit Vongsuwan (at the left)
The military governor and the prime minister of Thailand general Prayut Chan-o-cha announced structure of the new cabinet of the country in which more than a third of positions are held by generals or generals in resignation.
Representatives of army received key positions: Ministers of Defence, finance, foreign affairs and trade.
On Monday Prayut Chan-o-cha was officially confirmed to the prime minister's post how the king of Thailand officially approved appointment of the head of the temporary military government to this post.
The 60-year-old military who seized power in the country as a result of bloodless revolution on May 22 was the only candidate for a premier post.
He was elected the prime minister at a session of parliament.
Earlier the army appointed deputies of parliament.
According to Prayuta Chan-Ocha, revolution was the only way to keep stability.
It was preceded by the proceeding half a year of demonstration during which protesters demanded resignation of the government of the prime minister Yingluck Shinawatra.
Officially Prayut Chan-o-cha will be the interim prime minister as military plan to hold general election at the end of 2015.
However there are fears that military try to strengthen the power in the country.
Military came to the power on May 22
against full paralysis of the civil power.
Leaders of the main political parties were subjected to temporary arrest.
Right after arrival of military to the power they subjected to temporary arrest of the leading politicians of the country, including the prime minister Yingluck Shinawatra.
Also some journalists and public figures were detained.
Current political crisis originates in 2006 when the army displaced from a post of the prime minister of the brother Yingluck Shinawatra Thaksin.
Both of them enjoy popularity among country people, especially in northern regions of the country that provided more than once them success on elections.
However many representatives of middle class and capital elite entered the antigovernmental movement which since November, 2013 practically paralyzed the country.
Nobody said that in salad of a mussel will be better, I did not promise it to you, the waitress from new brasserie of Palm laughs the matter off.
It is necessary to recognize formally that this is true, but the reason and a stomach remain are unshakable.
All know long ago: we speak "Belgium" - we mean mussels, we tell "mussels" - we mean "Belgium".
Restaurateurs like to declare thoughtfully that the success of an institution depends on three factors: it is location, location and once again location.
There are such places located not that it is good, and is even excellent, but some unlucky.
Well, having taken seat behind Palm little table, I remembered that once there was a Gorodok cafe (in honor of that telecast), then "Odessa mother", and still Bozhole restaurant and beer "Friendship".
Now here again a pothouse, but already not nostalgic - Soviet, and Belgian.
Over the earth only the iceberg top was placed: a bar counter and couple of little tables, all other space it is deprived even of a hint on a sunlight.
But here it is cheerful, as in a nursery: red, yellow and green walls, multi-colored stools, instead of windows - TVs where girls mermaids swim.
The Belgian institutions in St. Petersburg it is not a new experience for a long time so to compare is with what.
Here eight types of draft beer (260-300 rubles for 0,5 l) and an uncountable set bottle (170-1550 rubles).
The sociable and positive waitress cheerfully presents the menu, telling that "mussels - nourishing big sunflower seeds", and it is necessary to notice: service, despite separate defects, - the most positive side of Palm.
The menu is expected according to contents, but is often very unexpected on execution.
Well to whom, for example, it is allowed to foresee that meat roll with Walloon prunes (280 rubles) - actually the carpaccio cut besides is so thin that parchment paper in comparison with it will seem matter ugly thick.
To feel though some taste it is possible, only if to rake up half-plate time.
With salads business is even worse.
Classical Liege (260) would be most correct to recognize as a crime against the Belgian people: some faded iceberg, the potato boiled once very long time ago, the become limp Kenyan haricot, apathetic chips from bacon plus for some reason marinated onions.
With such Liege salad you will not wish a meeting to anybody!
The composition of ingredients of the Belgian salad was partially another, but the impression did not differ in a positive too.
If still it was possible to close eyes, then why mussels look so as if for the life they were managed to be defrozen and boiled several times to immature quarters of cherry tomatoes or the overroasted champignons!
I already know: there are quite normal Belomorsk mussels!
They are given in saucepans "in sauce at your choice" (490-560 rubles for 0,5 kg).
Half-dozen sauces, what from white wine, a celery and carrot, frankly was not set.
Vegetables are, and aroma is absent and whether there was a wine there, and remained a riddle.
But the frites relying to mussels with home-made mayonnaise are good.
Chicken Waterzooi here - not soup, dense to such an extent that depending on mood you can solve, the first or second course before you, and just pleasant creamy soup.
It was declared that the local cook prepares a rabbit in beer sauce, and nothing was told about rosemary.
In actual fact the situation was opposite: rosemary muffled itself everything.
There was an impression that this rabbit was fed during lifetime with exclusively rosemary bushes why meat gained so unusual aroma.
But at the same time remarkable was applied to a leg of a rabbit - no, just excellent pear in the caramelized crust.
Wafers in Palm offer not only sweet, but also nourishing - with beef, chicken or bacon and cheese (220-280).
Maple sauce was excessively watery, and wafers are dryish.
But the manager who approached a table very informally took an interest in lunch impressions.
Means, it is worth coming once again.
Dollar exchange rate rose by MICEX higher than 37 rubles on news about the new sanctions against Russia preparing the West.
It is a new historical record.
The dollar "tomorrow" by 10:29 Moscow time grew at calculations for 26,9 kopeks and made 37,02 rubles, euro exchange rate rose by 30 kopeks - to 48,73 rubles, data of the Moscow exchange demonstrate.
The dual currency basket grew for 28 kopeks to the level of the previous closing and cost 42,28 rubles.
To the Crimean events the dollar reached a maximum on February 19, 2009 - then it cost 36,43 rubles, and on March 3, 2014 it was already 37,005 rubles.
On the night of August 29 the White House reported that the U.S. President Barack Obama and the German chancellor Angela Merkel discuss a possibility of introduction of additional sanctions against Russia.
Depreciation of ruble has long-term character, both together with euro, and together with dollar.
The long-term forecast assumed this mark, - the senior analyst of Alpari Anna Bodrova says.
Everything that is connected with Ukraine, will be reflected anyway on courses.
Until it proceeds, investors will react.
Today rumors concerning invasion of troops are not confirmed on the one hand, but the market was very emotional.
All talk that it was steady against similar news was crossed out yesterday.
Week, according to forecasts of the expert, will be closed about these levels - 36,90 and 37,05 rubles for dollar.
The tax period ended, prices of oil weak, policy, sanctions, a problem of transit of gas through Ukraine - all this links of one chain.
Also inflation dispersal is predicted: to the current prices during the fall from 5 to 10% will increase.
Soon, besides, seasonal vegetables and fruit will reach a limit, and there will come a certain vacuum while networks are reoriented on other suppliers.
"The dollar approached a mark of 37 rubles, passed it and returned back, there is no powerful hysterics, - the head of department of the analysis of the markets Otkritie Broker Konstantin Bushuyev comments.
Will still watch whether will impose the promised sanctions on Saturday as NATO will sit.
The ruble, according to him, sharply weakened after end of a tax season, then news across Ukraine went, besides, the Central Bank last week declared that it until the end of the year completely passes to a floating rate and refuses any currency interventions.
If to look at day fluctuation, then it differed in nothing from previous within this month, all were frightened by a mark of 37 rubles, - the analyst continues.
And so, in the turnover plan nothing powerful occurred.
Disturbing times for the foreign exchange market were, I will remind when at the end of January the increased demand for currency, and also was noted on the third of March when the Central Bank shipped record quantity of currency.
UFS IC sees also a positive side of depreciation of ruble.
First of all, it is growth of revenues of the budget from export operations, and also increase in competitiveness of internal producers due to import rise in price, the chief analyst of UFS IC Alexey Kozlov says.
It is possible to carry a rise in price of import goods and services to the negative moments.
Sharp fluctuations of the Russian currency considerably reduce appeal of investment into the Russian economy, provoke growth of inflationary pressure and, as a result, become the reason of rise in price of loan of money that, in turn, slows down development of national economy.
If to speak about stock market, devaluation of ruble smoothes the reduction of prices of stocks expressed in rubles a little.
For an example, the Index of MICEX during trading Thursday decreased by 1,67%, and the RTS Index lost 3,27%.
So essential distinction in the relative size of decrease in indexes is explained by depreciation of ruble during the day more, than for 1,5%.
Depreciation of ruble has emotional character and is explained by mass aspiration to buy currency.
As practice shows, gradually emotions come to naught, and quotations of ruble partially or completely restore the lost positions.
"We believe, we will be able soon to see a ratio of dollar and the Russian currency near the level of 36 rubles for dollar", - Alexey Kozlov notes.
The genetic disorder is often incorrectly diagnosed
The British reported that she spent many years, thinking that she will die, after incorrectly made diagnosis.
Karin Rodgers carried out the most part of the teenage age, thinking that she needed to live only several years after diagnosed other disease for it.
Actually, it had a Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease (CMT) - group of inherited disorders which lead to injury of nerves out of a brain and a backbone.
The Charity CMT UK reported that incorrectly made diagnosis - a frequent problem among people with CMT because it is so poorly known of this state.
About 23000 people in Great Britain, allegedly, have CMT which can cause motor symptoms, such as muscular weakness, uncertain gait and the drawn-in toes.
Patients can feel numbness or pain, and the state does not recover and progresses that means that symptoms amplify over time.
When Rogers was 13, she thought that she suffers from Friedreich ataxia (FA) - a state for which forecast was very bad.
Rogers thought that it will be chained to a wheelchair by then when it is 18, and will die before it executes 30.
Mother of two children to whom now 51, told: "The child I knew that I cannot do that others.
I fell every day, and at me on everything more time left.
I could never skate on roller-skaters or a skateboard with other children, and over me scoffed at school much how I went and ran.
Rogers told that when it was 13, after several operations to release an Achilles tendon and to straighten feet, she glanced in a medical record when her doctor left the room, and there it was written that at it FA.
"I felt guilty because I stuck a nose where does not follow and therefore I told nobody, but I came back home, found information on this state in library and wrote to FA Association", she told.
When I obtained information in reply, I was shocked and experienced the most awful panic what is only possible.
I thought that I will be in a wheelchair in 18 and I will die before to me it is executed 25 and that I will gradually lose all the abilities in this interval.
I passed through it one, and I planned own funeral.
She told that by then when by it it was executed 17, she understood that its ability to go did not worsen so as far as she thought, and asked about it the doctor.
He just got up, embraced me and told: "My dear, I do not think that you have this disease because you would already be in a wheelchair".
I think at you something that poses much smaller threat for life.
After several genetic inspections at it found CMT.
"When he explained what is CMT, I thought that I extended the happy ticket", she told.
The CMT charitable organization of Great Britain announced month of information on CMT to try to draw attention to this disease.
The tax burden on businessmen of the Washington area grows in process of an economic recovery
The restored economy means more clients, it is more than sales and new jobs.
It also means higher taxes.
Accounts on payment of taxes on the state and at the local level for the companies throughout the whole country, moderately increased last year when an economic recovery accelerated, according to the new research published last week, and the company in the Washington area - not an exception.
The companies in the district, Maryland and Virginia in total paid $27,6 billion in treasury of the state and at the local level in financial 2013, is 3,8 percent more, than $26,6 billion collected for 2012.
The tax burden by business on the state and at the local level last year increased by 4,3 percent, to $671 billion, in comparison with 3,9 percent a year before, and it was the third in a row year of growth after the years going one after another when accounts decreased, in 2009 and 2010.
The taxes raised by the state grew quicker, 4,3 percent, than local taxes, 3,9 percent, according to research which was conducted by the firm rendering professional services, Ernst & Young and the Center for the state taxation, group on a tax policy.
More than a half of tax revenues in the district, 56 percent, is the share of taxes on businessmen whereas 36 percent of tax revenues of Maryland are the share of firms.
Virginia, with 28 percent, brings the smallest volume of tax revenues, in proportion, from businessmen.
To a large extent growth of tax revenues is caused by return to the previous level of cost of real estate of the companies, researchers say what raised property taxes by 3,7 percent this year after three years in a row when growth made less than 1 percent.
While the big share of these receipts is the share of big states, such as California, New York and Texas, it is represented that the same occurs also in the Washington area.
The companies in the district, Maryland and Virginia in total paid $10 billion property taxes on the state and at the local level last year, for $9,6 billion it is more, than in 2012 - growth by 4,2 percent, in comparison with previous year.
However observed return of cost to real estate has no a little similar effect on growth of tax revenues on the state and at the local level in Maryland where property taxes hardly exceed one fifth tax accounts of the companies.
The companies of Virginia and the District of Columbia pay about a half of tax accounts on the state and at the local level in the form of property taxes.
"What occurs in Maryland is that such most part of their real estate, especially tax base around the District of Columbia, belongs either to the government, or noncommercial the organization which do not pay property taxes", Douglas Lindholm, the executive director of the Center for the state taxation told.
Thus, Maryland is forced to rely much more, for example, on income taxes to pay the same services which are in other states.
Recent growth of tax revenues from businessmen cannot be explained with restoration of the real estate market completely.
Income of businessmen also, seemingly, is on the mend, according to these data.
The companies in the region declared corporate income tax at the level of the state in the size of $2,3 billion, for $2,1 billion it is more, than in 2012.
Maryland collected $1 billion corporate receipts of income tax, most of all in the region.
Though tendencies are directed in one direction, the tax burden of businessmen at the local level does not increase with an identical speed in all three districts.
Growth level in the District of Columbia was at the same level, as average over the country, 4,3 percent whereas growth in Maryland was significantly quicker, 4,9 percent.
Only in Virginia raising of tax revenues below an average, equal 4,1 percent was observed.
In Virginia there was the lowest corporate income tax from three jurisdictions (at each of which an identical corporate rate), to equal 6 percent.
In Maryland the corporate rate makes 8,25 percent whereas in the district it rather high - 9,975 percent.
Similar research of the Chamber of commerce of the USA earlier this year showed that in Virginia taxes for businessmen on the state and at the local level and, in general, more favorable climate in that, as for taxes for businessmen, than in Maryland are lower.
The district was not estimated in this research.
Despite the advantage, Virginia is under competitive pressure from the neighbor from the South.
Northern Carolina signed the act reducing a corporate rate this year from 6,9 percent to 6 percent the same as in Virginia recently, and the rate will fall to 5 percent next year.
If the state continues to achieve the objectives on tax revenues next year, this law could bring a rate of income tax for businessmen even to 3 percent by 2017.
Meanwhile, small business in the Washington area, seemingly, feels better and, thus, pays more taxes on the state and at the local level, according to recent research.
The taxes for businessmen paid in the form of individual income tax by owners of small business - transitional structure on which the majority of small firms - in the District of Columbia is arranged Maryland and Virginia grew by 20 percent last year to $2,4 billion, with much bigger growth rate, than taxes for predprinimately in general.
Researchers say that the trend and increase in receipts from taxes on business throughout the whole country, most likely, will remain this year, at receipts of a sale tax in the governments of the state and at the local level, grown by 6,2 percent for the first three quarters 2014 in comparison with the same period of last year.
However the Washington area can lag behind as decrease in federal expenses affects labor market in the region.
Bronze age of the Russian judo
The house judo World Cup brought to Russian national team two silver and seven bronze awards.
On this indicator Russians conceded only the main favourite of competitions - the national team of Japan.
The tournament in Chelyabinsk started on Monday, and the first day brought to a Russian team a silver medal.
Beslan Mudranov acting in category to 60 kg became its owner.
At the same time in equal final fight against Boldbaatar Ganbat from Mongolia the outcome of opposition was turned by only one remark received by the Russian.
And here the second day of a tournament became the most successful for Russian national team - on Tuesday three medals were won at once.
In man's competitions in category to 66 kg Mikhail Pulyaev got silver, and bronze - to Kamal Khan-Magomedov.
The Russian conceded in the final match to the world champion of 2011 and 2013 to the Japanese of Masasi Ebinuma.
Khan-Magomedov who on a quarterfinal stage lost to the compatriot victoriously walked on a consolatory tournament and became the owner of a bronze award.
In a women's tournament of category Natalya Kuzyutina reached 52 kg also to the third step of a podium.
She lost to the acting world champion Maylinda Kelmendi from Kosovo who competed at this championship under the flag of the International federation of judo in a semi-final and successfully defended a title.
In dispute for Kuzyutin's bronze won against Ma Inan from China, but after the end of a tournament nevertheless admitted that the third place is at all not what she counted on.
And again Kelmendi winning Kuzyutina earlier the European championship final became a barrier on the way of the Russian to gold.
In the third day of a tournament in Chelyabinsk bronze in a moneybox of Russian national team was put by Musa Mogushkov battling in category to 73 kg.
In a quarterfinal the former representative of Moldova Victor Skovortsov now supporting team of the UAE became his offender.
However then the Russian won two fights and became the owner of an award.
Mogushkov competed at the house championship with an ankle trauma which it plans to heal in the near future therefore will take a break in competitions.
As for ex-Moldovan Skvortsov, it and it on this tournament reached a bronze medal.
Interestingly, as other his compatriot who took out sports citizenship of the UAE Ivan Remarenko with bronze finished performance in category to 100 kg.
The fourth day of World Cup 2014 also brought to Russians one bronze which in category to 81 kg was won by Ivan Nifontov.
He at the expense of the remark at the rival won against Frenchman Alan Schmitt heavy battle of the small final.
On Friday on a tournament three sets of awards were played at once, but Russians by tradition were limited to one bronze in a men's tournament to 90 kg.
Kirill Voprosov became its owner, and this medal was guaranteed to Russian national team: the compatriot Kirill Denisov was his rival in the consolatory final.
However the fight did not take place: Voprosov's rival could not come to a tatami because of a trauma.
Men's bronze was won by owners and in the sixth day of competitions - it in a moneybox of the national team was put by Renat Saidov acting in category over 100 kg.
In the consolatory final he won a flawless victory over Brazilian David Moura.
So the individual part of a world championship came to the end.
In the last day of a tournament in Chelyabinsk, on Sunday, ranks of world champions in team competitions were played.
Both Russian national teams - both men's, and women's - were one of the main contenders for awards, but, as well as in individual competitions, women were not lucky - they did not reach a medal.
And here the Russian judoists won team silver.
They in persistent fight against the score 2-3 conceded in decisive opposition to the main favourites of competitions - team of Japan.
At the same time Russian national team conducted 2-0 after a flawless victory of Khan-Magomedov and strong-willed - Denis Yartsev (weight up to 73 kg).
However in heavier weight categories Murat Habachirov (81), Magomed Magomedov (90) and Aslan Kambiyev could not cope with the Japanese opponents (100).
According to the same scenario also the bronze match in a women's tournament where the Russian national team, conducting 2-0, conceded to Japanese - 2-3 developed.
At team competitions at Chelyabinsk there was a president of Russia Vladimir Putin who after the end of a tournament congratulated the men's national team on silver.
"The second place - it is very honourable, but I want to tell that it was visible that you could become champions, - Putin whom RIA Novosti quotes told.
To lose to Japanese, ancestors of judo - there is nothing shameful here.
But I am sure that you can at them and win.
Russian national team in the house World Cup competed much better, than a year ago at the competitions of similar level which were taking place in Rio de Janeiro.
Then in an asset of a Russian team there were only three medals - one silver and two bronze.
At the same time the present tournament was missed by Olympic champions Arsen Galstyan and Mansour Isaev.
All of us are, of course, big extremists.
Yes, there is a wish for gold medals.
But let's remember that if the person in the Olympic cycle enters the eight of the strongest, then it is a potential winner of the Olympic Games.
Especially in such sport as judo", - the minister of sport of the Russian Federation Vitaly Mutko whom the press service of the championship quotes summed up the tournament results.
The national team of Japan it is expected became the best in Chelyabinsk, having won 11 medals of various advantage, five of which were gold.
The next World Cup will take place in the summer of next year in Astana.
To get acquainted with other materials, news and statistics it is possible on the page of summer sports.
Joan Rivers's family hopes for the best
Joan Rivers is unconscious from arrival in hospital in New York three days ago, but her daughter hoped today that the 81-year-old comedy actress will recover from a disease.
"Thanks for your constant love and support", Melissa Rivers said in the statement today.
We hope for the best.
Her mother arrived to hospital of Maunt Sinai on Thursday after the emergency call that it had a cardiac arrest in clinic in the Top East side, Yorkvill Endoskopi, report sources.
Doctors intentionally keep it under anesthetic and under strict supervision until they are satisfied by its state which remains "heavy".
The response was wide, including numerous support in the Internet from such as Donald Trump, Montel Williams and Kelly Ripa.
Kings can do everything
On sale a debut album of Royal Blood group - the new hope of the British fate which brought rock duets out of clubs straight on stadiums.
The duet of Royal Blood only a year on a scene, but already has in an asset the nomination on a musical award of BBC, tour on a warming up at Arctic Monkeys and visit to a make-up room of the New York concert from Jimmy Page.
Their debut album of the same name several months prior to release received 100 thousand preorders, and the contract for its release lies in Warner Music major label portfolio.
Considering a present deplorable situation in the musical market, the situation outstanding, is not about new Lana Del Rey or the next sweet-voiced representative of "new R'n'B", and about a duet of the British moody-looking by sight playing with that level of loudness and intensity which the last time was fashionable couple of decades ago.
Generally, rates on the first album in connection with all aforesaid circumstances were especially high and already quite came true.
The duet not for nothing took itself a name on which unless absolutely desperate hairy metalworkers and what blood of kings flows as it seems to them, at them in veins, too clear could encroach before.
It is, of course, first of all about heroes of last Led Zeppelin level: as well as the great quartet, Royal Blood set as the purpose to stir up stagnant blood of the British fate, having brought him to new height.
To do forecasts about success of this enterprise so far, perhaps, rather early, but something can already be claimed.
Ten songs which kept within thirty with small minutes are not so much demonstration of phenomenal composer talent, how many the sure and powerful declaration on intentions.
Some advantages of separate numbers, certainly, cannot be denied: let's tell, the pilot single "Out Of The Black" is characteristic the fact that it is remembered not by the melodic line, but drum party.
Musicians for fun say that in general it is simpler to tap this song, than to sing.
It is worth allocating also powerful "Little Monster" and the composition of "Better Strangers" closing a plate with the Shakespearean quote in the title.
However the truth that each of these songs will perfectly sound at a party of fans of hard rock, but when playing in a row they merge in more or less uniform cloth.
And it is not obligatory badly, even on the contrary at all.
Force of Royal Blood is that they do not apply for new Lennon and McCartney's monasteries (rather mark in successors of Motörhead), but brought numerous rock duets out of a ghetto of indi-clubs.
Their music, despite some variety, is created for stadiums, in the room calculated less than on couple of thousands of people, to it is obviously close.
Secret partly in cunning use of the bass which replaced a guitar in the habitual format which is thought up at the beginning of zero The White Stripes.
However, matter not only in tools, but also in the approach to the composition of songs.
Heroes of retro rock zero with great difficulty got out out of limits of postmodern paradigm, with a huge reluctance went on recognizing themselves not just as imitators, and independent creative units.
Royal Blood sound so powerfully and impudently already now that this pressure successfully drapes some secondariness and thickheadedness of musical material.
Well and eventually, who told that the fate has to be clever?
Amazon buys Twitch for $1,04 billion
AMAZON just confirmed what reported Information on Friday morning about: Online store - both the video producer, and one hundred more other things - buys service of stream video playback Twitch for $1,04 billion ($US970 millions).
This news was a surprise not because nobody waited that Twitch will be sold but because many expected that YouTube will be a buyer.
Three months ago sale of Twitch to video service of Google for good one billion looked completely ready, and such combination looked natural.
Twitch based only three years ago as Justin.tv set the object to be stream service of the general character - the YouTube version in real time.
Instead it quickly turned into a platform where gamers broadcast the in-game moments; "YouTube for games in real time", according to Business Insider.
Twitch interface.
And "let's play", a genre of videos in which know-it-alls give (mainly, old) to games processing as in "Mysterious theater", are already popular on YouTube.
The matter is that YouTube is mentioned often when describe Twitch therefore news that YouTube gets Twitch was met without particular interest, a classical example of the taken roots technological company, the redeeming potential competitor.
It is secret why the transaction with YouTube failed, considering that, according to the available data, it was ready to pay not less, than Amazon.
Everything that we have currently - it is the application from the executive director of Twitch of Emmett Shear: "We chose Amazon because they trust in our community, they divide our values and long-term goals, and they want to help us to reach them quicker."
One more secret, frankly speaking, is improbable success of Twitch.
To snobs like me who declare that they will better play sports, than to watch it, it is difficult to understand appeal of to watch games instead of most to take the joystick in hand.
One business - to look through the friend's shoulder in 3 mornings when it crawls through Resident Evil, and absolutely - to watch another how some stranger wins 20 shots in the head a contract in Call of Duty.
All games which you could watch right now.
One more problem consists that many of games most popular today are designed for one person therefore to watch their shooting, without controlling a point of view independently, can be the recipe of a headache, worthy Do It Right.
I will agree that high-speed passings in which Rodzhera Bennistera of our electronic century finish the whole games rapidly entertain.
But if this is not about the virtuoso of game or humour, it is improbable that its Twitch channel in general will be interesting.
But what is known by sceptics like me?
At Twitch of 55 million unique visitors in a month, and it is a source of peak Internet traffic, the fourth in size.
How exactly Amazon will earn from it?
It is difficult to present that Twitch will be curtailed in Amazon Instant Video also gracefully as YouTube could just absorb Twitch.
However Twitch have what with pleasure would be received by any company: crowds of young men of which advertisers dream.
As the head of Twitch Shir, Amazon and Twitch "both trust in the future of games" told, and this channel does not give withering signs, even - oh - as a spectacular sport.
The act of terrorism which resulted in 2004 more than 330 people, including 186 children died.
More than 800 people were wounded.
We spent several days in Beslan.
Talked to the survived hostages - almost everything students, to parents of the dead, to the inspector of a cemetery now - the Cities of Angels - Ramón Kaspolatov, the head of Mothers of Beslan committee Susanna Dudiyeva who was taking part in special operation by the employee of the Ministry of Emergency Situations, - the correspondent of department "Society" Elizabeth Antonova working on a special project tells.
Having already returned to Moscow, met Aslambek Aslakhanov who was the adviser to the president for the North Caucasus 10 years ago and conducted negotiations with terrorists, and also with the officer of the "V" department of the Russian FSB Vyacheslav Bocharov".
That especially shook me for operating time over this subject is that in Beslan as though there were no these ten years.
This subject extremely painful for all who have though some relation to it people hardly agree to say about what occurred.
Impressions of a trip very heavy.
But it is impossible to forget Beslan, and I hope, we coped with the task", - Antonova told.
The special project is prepared by studio of infographics of Rambler & Co holding which works in the company since spring of this year.
The previous special projects were devoted to World War I and the 15 anniversary of stay of Vladimir Putin in power.
DPRK carried out start of the short-range missile
North Korea made start of the short-range missile to the water area of the Sea of Japan, reports Yonhap.
Start was made about 10:30 in the morning local time from the Province of Chagangdo which is on border of North Korea and China.
Allegedly, the rocket fell to the Sea of Japan, having flown by about 220 km, declared in South Korean Joint Chiefs of Staff.
Deputies suggested to accelerate entry into force of the law on personal data
In case of success of an initiative, data of Russians cannot be stored on servers abroad since January 1, 2015
The bill providing transfer of the date of entry into force of already adopted law on personal data of Russians - since September 1, 2016 for January 1, 2015 is introduced to the State Duma.
The initiative is placed in base of legislative activity of the lower house.
Deputies of the State Duma Vadim Dengin, Yaroslav Nilov (LDPR), Evgeny Fedorov ("United Russia"), Vladimir Parakhin ("Just Russia") and Alexander Yushchenko (CPRF) acted as her authors.
Such change, according to authors of an initiative, will promote more expeditious and effective ensuring the rights of citizens of the Russian Federation for safety of personal data and observance of secret of correspondence in information and telecommunication networks.
The law which entry into force parliamentarians hurry obliges to store the personal data of Russians processed on the Internet in the territory of the Russian Federation.
He also makes obligatory entry, systematization, accumulation, storage, specification and extraction of personal data of citizens of the Russian Federation, in the databases located in the territory of Russia and also the indication of the data on the location of such databases.
Besides, the law gives Roskomnadzor the right on the basis of a judgment to limit access to information processed with violation of the legislation of the Russian Federation in the field of personal data.
The law also offers creation of so-called "black lists" of the websites violators - the automated information system "Register of Violators of the Rights of Subjects of Personal Data".
This law was adopted by the State Duma in the summer.
As authors of the bill Andrey Lugovoi and Vadim Dengin spoke on behalf of LDPR and Alexander Yushchenko from the CPRF.
Dengin and Yushchenko are also one of authors of the present bill of transfer of the date of entry into force of already adopted law.
Those who in the Russian Federation has no data-centers should pay for rent
Commenting on the bill introduced today to the State Duma the first deputy head of State Duma Committee on information policy Leonid Levin declared that he does not see problems for transfer of the date of entry into force of the law on protection of personal data.
According to him, those companies which by January 1, 2015 will not have own storages of personal data of Russians in the territory of the Russian Federation will be able to rent them, for example, "at Rostelecom which repeatedly said that they are ready to provide the servers for rent and already provides the servers, at Mail Group, at the western companies which already provide today the servers".
"Besides there are several independent data-centers ready to cooperate in this area", - he added.
"If the companies make the decision to carry out the law and to continue to work at the territory of the Russian Federation, I do not see problems - they will have technological capabilities for placement", - Levin summed up.
Controversial bill
Right after the publication of the bill the Russian association of electronic communications stated fear that in case of adoption of the bill Russians will not be able to use many global Internet services any more.
In particular, it is about services of online booking of air tickets and hotels.
According to association, "the bill deprives of subjects of personal data - the rights to dispose of own data imperatively defining citizens of the Russian Federation that their record, systematization, etc. have to is provided only in the databases located in the territory of the Russian Federation".
In the statement of RAEC it is emphasized that creation of the mechanism of informing the user about where record, systematization of his personal data is carried out would be more effective measure.
In that case itself will be able to choose in what territory the specified actions will be made.
Adoption of similar bills of "localization" of personal data in other countries led to leaving of global services and to essential economic losses.
The participant of the Ice Bucket Challenge dislocated a jaw
Isabelle Roberts from Great Britain so shouted when on her head poured out ice water that damaged bone structure of the person.
This Ice Bucket Challenge went painfully wrong.
The woman was hospitalized after she so shouted during the Ice Bucket Challenge that dislocated a jaw.
Isabelle Roberts so furiously shouted when on her head poured out ice water that damaged structure of the person.
"Water was such cold that I shouted, but when I did it, my jaw began to get stuck", she told The Mirror.
Water is poured on 20-year-old.
Isabelle Roberts one seconds prior to accident
I tried to close a mouth, but it was not closed, it got stuck, and then to me the understanding came that something not so.
Then to my mother and the sister the same understanding came and they began to laugh loudly, but I had to be carried to office of the urgent help urgently.
The 20-year-old woman from Great Britain was brought to hospital to set a jaw after participation in popular hobby on Tuesday.
The clip became Internet sensation and was published thousands of times in Facebook and Twitter.
Rebels transferred to the Ukrainian military more than 400 prisoners
The Army of Novorissiya claims that brought down the Ukrainian SU-27, and accuse the opponent of violation of the ceasefire agreement
Rebels as of 10:00 on September 1 transferred to the Ukrainian side of 402 prisoners, 72 of which are wounded, and also bodies of 35 died military personnel.
The representative of the press service of the Army of Novorissiya reported to Interfax about it.
He added that "air defense forces near the settlement of Mereshki shot down the SU-27 plane which violated the ceasefire agreement".
According to the interlocutor of agency, the Ukrainian side at a shelling of the Luhansk airport applied the cassette ammunition forbidden by the international conventions.
The representative of the press service noted that rebels in a night managed to damage two helicopters of the Ukrainian Air Force in one of field airfields, and also to destroy two armored troop-carriers and two warehouses with ammunition.
"Losses in manpower of the opponent - to hundred people the killed and wounded, were given in captivity of 13 people", - the representative of headquarters summarized.
Interfax has no confirmation of this information from the Ukrainian sources.
On Sunday paramilitary groups of "people's republics" of Donbass declared transfer to the Ukrainian side within observance of a ceasefire regime of 223 captured servicemen and soldiers of National guard of Ukraine.
At the same time at night the DPR army, according to the Army of Novorissiya, "stopped attempt of National Guard soldiers in defiance of earlier reached agreements to bring heavy machinery out of the region of an environment".
Then rebels reported about destruction in transient fight of two tanks and two IFVs, capture of six tanks and disarmament of 198 servicemen.
According to headquarters, the general losses of the opponent on all directions (Donetsk, Luhansk, Mariupol) for that night made five tanks, eight armored combat vehicles, more than 120 people the killed and wounded
At the end of the last week the large group of the Ukrainian military personnel appeared in an environment of rebels near Ilovaisk in Donetsk region.
The president of Russia Vladimir Putin asked the leaders of "people's republics" to let out the Ukrainian military personnel from an environment.
To DPR agreed to go to it on condition of delivery by the opponent of the weapon and ammunition.
The first tens of the servicemen began to leave the surrounded settlements on Saturday morning.
According to the commander of the battalion of the Ukrainian territorial defense "Donbass" which got to an environment Semyon Semyonchenko, on Saturday night "copper" left 14 more people.
On the Facebook Semenchenko wrote that the Ukrainian wounded are "in captivity at the 137th regiment 32 of the Russian Federation division and the 9th armored brigade of the Russian Federation" where treat them kindly.
Meanwhile the MFA and the Ministry of Defence of the Russian Federation disproved messages of the Ukrainian military and NATO on presence of the Russian divisions in Ukraine.
Russian Foreign Ministry: Russia will take the answer-back measures in case of introduction of the EU of new sanctions
Russia reserves the right for acceptance of the countermeasures directed to protection of the legitimate interests in case of introduction of new anti-Russian sanctions, the Russian Foreign Ministry reports.
In the message of the Russian vneshnediplomatichesky department it is said that "conclusions" of the European Council of August 30 showed inability of EU Member States to overcome inertia of reckless support of the Kiev authorities by them.
Brussels continues to insist that Russia is involved in a situation in the east of Ukraine, leaning on "absolutely unsubstantiated statements about presence of the Russian armed forces in the territory of this country", it is told on the website of department.
The Russian Foreign Ministry expresses a regret that the European Council, contrary to interests of the member states, comes under influence of the countries which are interested in strengthening of confrontation with Russia.
Members of the European Council have to call for peaceful settlement of the conflict in the east of Ukraine, and also provide conditions for full "dialogue between warring parties", emphasizes department.
Also on the website of department it is noted that is not present objektivynkh estimates of a humanitarian situation now in Donbass where the full-scale humanitarian disaster was developed, and also the number of the victims among civilians grows.
Let's remind that during the next seven-day week in the European Union it is planned to develop specific proposals according to sanctions against the Russian Federation.
At the same time representatives of the EU closely cooperate with the American officials.
It is supposed that they will correlate among themselves the entered measures for the period of action and degree of rigidity.
New sanctions of the European Union can concern power and financial sector.
Also Australian government declared extension of sanctions against Russia in the field of defense, finance and the oil and gas industry.
Cunning ways to save on university textbooks
While the cost of university textbooks for many students exceeds $1000 a year, Matt Schröder who will enter the second year soon, thought up a cunning way to cut down expenses.
He developed system of how to hire books at undergraduates, offering them nominal compensation that they postponed their sale.
"I received my textbook according to the mathematical analysis which usually costs $180 on a semester for $10 and the Chick-fil-A cookies", Schröder, 19, says which studies in the Covenant College in Georgia.
Necessary literature on last semester would cost $430, he says.
It spent $120.
According to Council of colleges, the average student spends more than $1200 a year for textbooks and educational accessories, however students have a number of options of reduction of these expenses.
Students even more often choose online stores and creative ideas, similar to Schröder's system.
Hire of books becomes more and more popular, allowing students to use the book during a semester, and significantly, than their purchase often costs cheaper.
The Neebo Inc. company which possesses more than 250 university bookstores, reports that the volume of hire of books grew twice since 2011.
Researches of branch show that about a quarter of books in university bookstores during last spring semester were hired, the vice-president of Neebo Trevor Meyer says.
Less than a half of all books are acquired in university bookstores, according to National Association of University Shops professional association.
Here an introduction course on the best ways to make a good bargain.
Purchase in online store
Sometimes, if you go on-line, the price of the new book can make one third of that that you will see in university bookstore.
The ninth edition of "The mathematical analysis" of Ron Larson, Bruce Edwards and Robert Hostetler costs about $290 according to the price list, but the new copy can be bought for $239,99 on the website Chegg.com which specializes in sale of textbooks.
Purchase of second-hand
If you not against others marks or damages, second-hand textbooks - good option.
"The mathematical analysis" is on sale for $93,49 in a second-hand view of Chegg.com.
Matt Casaday, 25 years, the student of the fourth year from Brigham Young University, says that he paid on Amazon.com 42 cents for a second-hand copy of the textbook "Strategic Media Decisions: Understanding The Business End Of The Advertising Business".
The book was on sale for $48 of new.
Teachers, for example, Ingrid Bracey, the director of the College Without Walls at University of Massachusetts in Amherst, suggests students to specify at the professors whether it is impossible to use the previous editions.
Sometimes updates are insignificant for occupations.
Old editions can often be found in such cases for very small share of cost of the last edition.
Besides the websites Chegg and Amazon, Half.com, the belonging eBay Inc, - popular alternative of purchase of second-hand books.
Hire
Hiring textbooks, it is worth thinking if you treat them rather kindly, you will not forget to return them and do not want to keep them after the course comes to the end.
You can save more than 80% of the cost of the new book.
For example, one student could hire "The mathematical analysis" on a semester approximately for $20.
Find out rules of that shop where you take books, including any penalties which to you can write out for marks, underlinings and damages.
If you hire the book, remember: if you do not return the book, penalties can even exceed the cost of a new copy.
E-books
E-books instead of traditional textbooks - one more option.
Sometimes such books are actually hired, acquiring the electronic license for a certain period from distributors, for example, of Amazon.com, Chegg and Barnes & Noble Inc.
Hire of "The mathematical analysis" on the website Chegg.com for six months will cost approximately $61.
Bracey says that the students studying literature can often find the most favorable prices as many classical works can be downloaded now free of charge whereas literature on natural and engineering sciences can be very expensive.
Despite everything, look round.
Joe Gault, 29, which is going to begin study at Law school Pepperdine, recommends to use the ISBN number for clarification of the prices of the book as it guarantees that you look for the text necessary to you.
Before doing the order on the Internet, Gault says, surely check whether really the book is in a warehouse.
This lesson was given it hardly.
Delivery of the book which it got was postponed for four weeks, and, eventually, he paid all-round price in university bookstore.
Putin declared full inefficiency of fund of development of the Far East
The president of Russia Vladimir Putin zyavit at meeting on state support of priority investment projects and territories in the Far East that the budgetary investment fund of development of the Far East created two years ago is inefficient, Interfax reports.
"15 billion rubles and remained to lie on deposits", - the president emphasized.
During a meeting the head of state charged to accelerate the approval of the list of territories of the advancing development in the Far East.
He reminded that the bill, necessary for creation TOROV has to be introduced to the State Duma this fall.
Federal Assembly, the president noted, till July 1 did not approve the list of territories of the advancing development in the Far East, and their criterion.
Vladimir Putin also formulated the main objectives for ensuring development of the Far East.
Among them, increase in transport availability of the region, removal of infrastructure restrictions - both in domestic market, and for export development.
In addition, it is necessary sozdatpredposylka for attraction to the region of additional investments, and also to create territories of the advancing development which have to become competitive in relation to key business centers of the Pacific Rim, the president emphasized.
Let's remind, earlier it was reported that the territory of the advancing development can replace the SEZ.
Why the Guardians of the Galaxy could not save a box office
"The Expendables 3" of Sylvester Stallone returned less than $30 million from the $ the 90-million budget to the USA whereas "Sin City: A Dame to Kill For" returned only $12 of million from the $ the 70-million budget.
"Home video" with Cameron Diaz brought only $14,6 million in the first days off whereas children's movies, such as "How To Train Your Dragon 2" also disappoint with revenue.
Article of the film critic of Telegraph Robbie Collin indicates that, so far as concerns children's movies, perhaps, matter in bad quality of movies.
Collin called 2014 "worst" year for all history in that, as for children's movies, and called "How To Train Your Dragon 2" hardly "functioning" continuation of the fantasy.
However, so far as concerns the movies directed to audience of a little more advanced age, seemingly, that the problem not necessarily consists as movies.
In July Entertainment Weekly compared average ratings of CinemaScore and Metacritic of each movie which was released in the summer in number of not less than 2000 copies between a holiday of Day of remembrance in May and on July 20 for 2013 and for this year.
Results which consider opinion both cinema-goers, and film critics allow to assume that they a harvest of movies of this year are similar in caliber to last year's hits.
Some commentators assume that business can be in the changing spectator habits and the growing popularity of stream Internet services, such as Netflix.
The director Jon Favreau who at the moment works over the released Disney's Jungle Book film soon told the Hollywood Reporter website: "I think, times change."
We have to recognize it and not try to pursue what was earlier.
Unlike the current falling of a box office in Hollywood, the income of Netflix from service of stream reproduction reached $1,2 billion, having almost twice exceeded last year's figure in $837 million.
Last summer the director Steven Spielberg scarified studios for the fact that they too rely on franchizes of comics, and predicted "crash" of Hollywood.
In the light of the current recession some commentators claim that in its gloomy predictions there was an element of truth.
Because in the summer of 2015 an exit of several potential cash hits, including "Avengers is expected: Age of Ultron", "Minions" and "The Jurassic park", other representatives of the industry of cinema are more optimistic.
The producer of X-Men Simon Kinberg called falling of a box office just "cyclic" recently, having told Hollywood Reporter: "The next summer will be in the most cash summer in the history of, and nobody will worry about it."
The food sanctions do not frighten owners of institutions with the Caucasian and Central Asian food, but for restaurants of the European and Japanese cuisine the Russian suppliers are a bad dream.
And in general the public catering prefers to replace the forbidden import with products not from Russia so far, and from Latin America, Israel and China.
"It is better to eat a fresh-salted cucumber, than a bad mozzarella", - the chef of the Italian restaurant Barlotti Mariano Valerio concerning quality of cheeses which are offered to it by suppliers instead of the Italian is distressed.
The mozzarella and cheese burrata ended at restaurant the first, they have a small period of storage.
Reserves of parmesan have to last for few months.
What to do?
To pass to the Russian?
In 2005 I was in the Dorogomilovsky market.
Mariano Valerio does such eyes that it is clear: the shocking memoirs do not release it still.
Meat lay on carts in only 30 centimeters from a floor there!
In the same place there are cats!
Rats!
Then I told that for our restaurant we will never buy nothing in the Russian markets.
I do not know, maybe, now there everything exchanged.
But the other day brought me on test fish from the Far East.
So it was rotten!
I told that I even do not want to talk to that person who brought it to us.
Valerio is surprised that many things, usual for Italy, for the Russian producer in wonder.
A few years ago I was forced to buy the Russian beef.
Italy suspends meat in the refrigerator for 10 days at a temperature of 1-2 degrees.
It has to hang out to become soft that muscles relaxed.
I did all this with local beef.
Then I was asked: where you took such gentle meat?
I spoke: so same your, Russian!
Why at you nobody so does?
In five minutes of walking from Barlotti at the French restaurant Brasserie Most the stop-list in which the absent products are specified hangs on kitchen: French oysters, sea hedgehog.
The chef of Brasserie Most restaurant and Strelka bar Regis Triguel is not so pessimistic as Valerio: oysters from France already replaced with oysters from Tunisia, and instead of the French cheeses the restaurant will buy the Swiss.
However, and Regis becomes more emotional when the speech comes about the Russian suppliers: "A cauliflower - 200 rubles!
I ask: "Why on what basis it costs so much?"
I am answered: "Well we should earn too".
But this cabbage should not be more expensive than 80 rubles!
Far East oysters we buy on weight, but they live 15-20 years, represent how many their armor weighs?
At the price it turns out that it is super delicacy.
It seems that the Russian suppliers - one of the main sources of horror stories for foreign cooks.
Standard history: "The first three months everything was good, then quality sharply fell".
Main claims: the Russian suppliers cannot sustain stable caliber and quality.
Many restaurants of European cuisine do not know what with them will be when cheese stocks end
Photo: Alexander Miridonov, Kommersant
Sanctions menu
On August 6 the president Vladimir Putin signed the decree on application of separate economic measures for safety of Russia which call generally food sanctions.
It is forbidden to import beef, pork, meat and an offal from poultry into the country, meat delicacies, fish, mollusks, milk, yogurts, cottage cheese, cheeses, vegetables, fruit, nuts, sausages and sugar syrups.
At restaurants the leapfrog with suppliers began: food prices grew, it is necessary to look for urgently analogs from other countries.
Most strongly it will affect expensive restaurants with monocuisine of France, Italy, Spain in which products delivered directly from the "maternal" countries.
The public catering had to be reconstructed earlier.
For example, when at the beginning of 2014 Rosselkhoznadzor forbade import of the Australian beef, and a year before - the American and Canadian meat.
In exchange suppliers arranged deliveries of beef from Argentina, Uruguay and New Zealand.
But sanctions of summer-2014 were much more serious.
However, on August 20 the prime minister Dmitry Medvedev adopted amendments to the presidential decree which remove from under a ban of whitebaits of an Atlantic salmon and a trout, delactosed milk, seed potatoes, sweet corn, peas and onions for crops.
Italian Valerio hopes that sanctions can be softened still.
So far the part of restaurants exists in the conditions of uncertainty.
According to the Vostok-Zapad company, one of the largest suppliers of HoReCa, the share of import products in a bonus segment made up to 70%.
"Expensive restaurants should change the menu under what is made by local farmers and other countries, - Sergey Mironov, the restaurateur, the owner of Restconsult agency says.
If the chef strong, for him it is not a problem.
Only we have not enough such cooks, and on development of the new menu two-three months can leave.
Triguel from Brasserie Most restaurant is ready to it: it is necessary to refuse 10-15% of dishes, - to process a half more of the menu.
At restaurants with the mixed kitchen already begin to replace dishes, for example a stake from marble beef - with beef Stroganoff, Sergey Mironov says.
"Cheeses from Europe can be replaced with the Russian, Belarusian cheeses, cheeses from Serbia, Argentina, Tunisia, Chile, - the representative of the Vostok-Zapad company Oksana Glibchuk lists.
Cream and dairy products from Europe have analogs in Russia and Belarus.
Chicken from the USA can be replaced by chicken from Russia and Belarus, a salmon and a salmon from Norway - a salmon, a salmon, a trout from Belarus and Chile.
Lack of vegetables and fruit of the European production can be compensated for the account of production of domestic manufacturers, offers from Serbia, Moldova and China.
According to Mironov, it will be simpler to budgetary network restaurants to be reconstructed, than to a bonus segment: it is unlikely there the gourmets capable to distinguish the Italian mozzarella from the Russian went.
Though difficult it is necessary to the institutions Ginza Project, he considers.
At Ginza Project it is several tens of restaurants under different brands and with the menus.
On replacement plenty of time will leave", - Mironov says.
In Ginza refused comments, having referred to absence of owners in the country.
Owners of cafe of the Caucasian and Central Asian cuisine emphasize that products from the former Soviet republics are more fragrant than the European
But there is a lot of also restaurants which sanctions will practically not concern.
Institutions with kitchen of the CIS countries concern to them: Georgian, Uzbek, Armenian and Azerbaijani.
"In Georgian cuisine there are no expensive products, - Khatuna Kolbaya, the owner of the Georgian restaurant Saperavi and Vai Me! cafe says.
All cheeses for us do in Russia, at the heart of many dishes - chicken fillet, exotic greens we do not use".
Did not remove institutions of Kolbai from the menu of any dish yet.
Timur Lansky, the owner of restaurants Chaikhona N1 with Uzbek cuisine, sanctions do not confuse too: it should change only lamb for the New Zealand.
If Russia adjusts import from Uzbekistan, Azerbaijan and Kazakhstan, we will even win in the price, for us it will be cheaper, than import from Europe, - he says.
From the CIS it is possible to receive cheaper cutting, lamb, tomatoes, cucumbers, fruit.
At the same time what is brought from Central Asia is much better, than "plastic" from Italy, Spain and Turkey.
About the Uzbek tomatoes all know that they tasty, sweet.
About Spanish nobody so speaks.
After imposition of sanctions the representative of the Ministry of Agriculture and Water Resources of Uzbekistan Olimboy Artykov declared that he plans to double export of fruit and vegetable production to Russia by 2016.
The intention to replace the European import in Russia almost right after imposition of sanctions was declared by Belarus and Kazakhstan.
Restaurants of fast food which responded to the request of "Money" too quite quietly react to sanctions.
The press service of McDonald's declared that localization exceeds 85% and the network works with 160 Russian suppliers.
According to Tatyana Bogdanova, the head of department on work with suppliers of Subway Russia, the network buys about 80% of products in Russia though there can be temporary difficulties with deliveries of vegetables and increase in prices for meat products which make from import raw materials.
In Teremok "sanctioned products" in general occupied no more than 4%.
Did not mention sanctions and Wokker noodle house.
KFC, Burger King and Kroshka Kartoshka did not respond to the request of "Money", however other participants of the market claim that extent of localization of Burger King is significantly less, than at McDonald's.
For lack of the Norwegian fish restaurateurs are ready to buy rather Chilean, than the Russian Far East
On the humpback salmon
So far restaurateurs complain that they because of increase in demand of the price grow even on local products.
"On products for "Rake" the prices grew on average by 10-15%, for the Italian restaurant "Cherry Mio" - twice", - the restaurateur Roman Rozhnikovsky says.
Even at the Georgian restaurants prime cost of dishes will grow by 5-10%, Kolbaya recognizes.
"East-West" of it does not deny: "For example, the Belarusian dairy products since the beginning of August rose in price for 10-15%".
"The Brazilian suppliers raised the prices of pork almost twice, - Sergey Rak, the deputy CEO Stardogs complains.
Ham chicken rose in price for 35%.
We wait for the prices from China, maybe, they will cool the hot Brazilian heads.
In the near future in Stardogs there will be a planned increase in the prices for 8%.
Now it is also so very undesirable to raise the prices, - says Cancer.
Statistically, growth of revenue of a public catering for the second quarter 2014 - only 1,8%.
It is the smallest indicator after 2010.
Retail prices will grow further, he recognizes, but it is unclear how quickly: so far most of restaurateurs stocked up with products for the next two months in hope to wait differences of purchase prices.
But what will be in two months, nobody knows.
Ten tents decorated by greens and a tree are on the square in front of the city hall of Moscow.
In the center a scene, musicians play a waltz.
It is a festival of regional products with the cheerful name "It's time to eat".
"We in general were going to make long ago a holiday of local food, and here just sanctions, we hurried, organized a festival", - one of organizers tells.
Offstage with musicians the Greek cook Anastas cooks macaroni salad and home-made candies, the other day there was a master class in preparation of borsch with caramelized apples.
In total from the Russian products, organizers assure.
In tents - an exhibition of achievements of the Russian national economy.
Honey from Bashkiria, venison from Salekhard, vegetables from situated near Moscow "State farm of Lenin", cheeses from the Russified Italian Jay Klouz.
"The salmon for restaurants can be replaced quietly with other fish of salmon breeds from the Far East, - the owner of a fish bench "The people" Philip Galkin says.
At us catch the salmon, a Siberian salmon, a silver salmon, a humpback salmon, a chinook - "king salmon".
Yes, they not such fat, as the Norwegian salmon because it is wild fish.
The Norwegian salmon - same an aquaculture.
You take it in hand - it does not even move.
And our Far East salmon you do not hold in hands.
Only institutions without special claims agree to replace the Italian mozzarella domestic
In a show-window of its tent shrimps with a label "Magadan", a cod, an omul, muksun, mussels from the Crimea, combs from the Far East lie.
Galkin is sure that long ago it is time to pass to fish from the Far East.
Statistically, catch of fish in Russia in 2013 - is more than 4 million tons, the considerable part of fish goes to Japan, Korea and even to the USA.
Import of fish in the 2013th - about 800 thousand tons.
The bench "The people" works since 2012, sells fish through online store, before imposition of sanctions served one and a half more tens restaurants, for example "Simple things".
Now to Galkin applications from 15 restaurants arrived.
The same sushi can quite be done of our fish, - he gets excited.
We bothered, tried different recipes.
Now we sell sushi through online store for one million rubles a month.
Our fish is cheaper several times, and delivery is at most 15 rubles on kilogram.
In confirmation in Galkin's tent prepare for me a portion of "Philadelphia" with a Siberian salmon.
Unlike beaters with a salmon these it is longer necessary to chew, but consciousness that this fish our, domestic, gives forces.
On the bench website "The people" are even beaters from a halibut and a grouper.
Sushi bars, however, prefer to replace the Norwegian salmon Chilean.
Galkin explains it with the fact that to cooks laziness to think out new recipes with Far East fish.
"Suppliers did not offer the Russian fish to us yet", - the owner of Killfish Bar Dmitry Evseev offers the explanation.
Approximately same situation and with other products: the Russian producers could occupy a vacant niche, but it does not occur.
According to the founder and the co-owner of the LavkaLavka project Boris Akimov, it is possible to speak rather about import substitution from Europe and America import from China, Israel and Latin America now.
There are large multinational corporations which have a powerful logistics and large volumes.
They are capable to replace quickly forbidden import unlike our farmers.
That is large producers of other countries will benefit from a ban first of all", - Akimov says.
However, in the last month the restaurant branch received also more disturbing signal, than the food sanctions.
Following the results of mass unscheduled inspections of Rospotrebnadzor activity of three enterprises McDonald's in Moscow and two regional enterprises in Stavropol and Yekaterinburg was temporarily suspended.
"We study an essence of the made complaint for definition of the actions necessary for the fastest opening of restaurants for visitors", - declared to "Money" in the press service of McDonald's.
Actually nobody understands, what will be farther.
If everything is limited to the food sanctions, it is one option which can be worried, - the employee of the company which is engaged in restaurant consulting says on the condition of anonymity.
If begin to close McDonald's throughout the whole country, then the scenario will be absolutely another.
"European Accident Statement" instead of the reference of STSI
Payments for a comprehensive insurance can be received without the reference of STSI - so the Central Bank intends to stimulate introduction in Russia of "European Accident Statement".
The Bank of Russia developed the draft of instructions according to which since September 1 of this year for receiving payments for a comprehensive insurance the insured motorist will be able to do without the reference of STSI.
The speech, however, goes only about those cases when accident was issued according to "European Accident Statement" without participation of traffic police.
That is if only two cars participated in road accident, there are no physically affected persons, the damage does not exceed the set limit and both drivers reached consent in a question who responsible for accident.
Since August 2 the limit of payments for "European Accident Statement" makes 50 thousand rubles, and since October 1 in Moscow, St. Petersburg, and also in the Moscow and Leningrad regions it will be raised to 400 thousand rubles.
The essence is that often even at insignificant damages, in a situation when road accident can be issued according to "European Accident Statement", the drivers who had an accident cause traffic police.
In the presence of the policy of a comprehensive insurance it was impossible to receive on it compensation without the reference of STSI.
The parameters stated in the draft of the instruction just are also designed to eliminate this obstacle in a way of introduction of "European Accident Statement" in Russia.
According to them, the maximum payment for a comprehensive insurance in connection with the road accident issued without traffic police officers should not be lower, than a limit of "European Accident Statement".
But at the same time it cannot be also above the limit defined in the contract of insurance of a comprehensive insurance.
The idea, certainly, useful is also theoretically capable to unload as traffic police officers, and are expensive.
But, most likely, neither motorists, nor insurers will be enraptured with it.
The last speak already now about serious threat of growth of frauds to which can lead introduction of new rules of payments for a comprehensive insurance.
As for drivers, it is difficult to present what work should be done to overcome primordial Russian conservatism.
The driver will wait for hours in most cases for the inspector to issue small accident because it is so more reliable.
And still it is unknown that it will be simpler - to win against swindlers or to convince drivers of reliability of "European Accident Statement".
The savings certificate will be made nominal and irrevocable
The Ministry of Finance wants to forbid savings certificates to bearer, but will allow banks to make them analog of an irrevocable contribution.
The Ministry of Finance prepares the bill which will forbid savings certificates to bearer.
Recently this tool gains popularity as rates are higher here, than on bank deposits.
The matter is that savings certificates to bearer do not get to a deposit insurance system, and to bank they cost cheaper as it is not necessary to do contributions to fund of Deposit Insurance Agency (DIA).
The piquancy of a situation is that this step is planned to be taken because of the small and average banks distributing such certificates, and the Sberbank and Bank of Moscow which, by estimates of DIA, control 98% of the profile market will suffer from it.
And the share of Bank of Moscow, according to the estimates of agency, makes about 3,5%.
Problem, explain in DIA, is that the clients of small bank who bought such certificate in case of a response at it try to obtain licenses money in DIA.
Some investors, without possessing sufficient financial literacy and buying savings certificates to bearer, can assume that their investments are insured.
Reasonable lack of insurance payments for these certificates in case of revocation of license of bank can lead to misunderstanding and social tension.
In practice of agency there were cases when holders of demand certificates tried to collect insurance compensation through court", - declared in DIA.
Problem, of course, far-fetched.
Nobody as they under the law at have no right for compensation from the state will pay buyers of certificates all the same.
If business was that the tool is not insured in DIA, together with it would forbid also metal accounts on which means of citizens are considered in grams of one of four metals - gold, silver, platinum and palladium.
These accounts do not get to a deposit insurance system too, however so far nobody attempts upon their existence.
Business, most likely, that certificates to bearer are very convenient security which can actually act as quasimoney.
At the same time their movement practically does not give in to control: any client of bank can buy the certificate, transfer to any citizen, and before cashing in such certificate can replace a great number of owners.
Not incidentally in the bill it is stated that the savings certificate has to be obligatory a nominal security which has to be kept in depositary.
And to sugar the pill to banks, such certificates are allowed to be issued without the right of early repayment.
That is the analog of an irrevocable contribution of which bankers dream long ago is entered.
NATO summit: The first protests in Newport and Cardiff
At the weekend there passed protests of those who opposed the NATO summit in Newport.
On Saturday hundreds gathered in the center of Newport for march against NATO.
And on Sunday in Cardiff about 150 people gathered at a town hall of Cardiff that it was described how the anti-summit.
Stephen Feyrklau followed the developments for us during days off and talked to protesters who arrived from everywhere: from Bridgend to Belgium.
Germany will send 30 anti-tank complexes to Iraq
Germany will deliver the weapon to Iraq for counteraction to fighters from the Islamic State terrorist group, ITAR-TASS with reference to the decision made following the results of a meeting of representatives of the government of Germany headed by the chancellor Angela Merkel reports on August 31.
As it is reported, Germany will send to Iraq 30 portable anti-tank missile systems Milan and 500 charges to them, and also 8 thousand G3 and G36 assault rifles.
Deliveries will be carried out until the end of September.
Besides, the decision to allocate to Iraq 50 million more euros for humanitarian aid is made.
On September 1 madam Merkel will make in the Bundestag the government statement on this subject.
Still Germany did not deliver the weapon in "hot spots".
Opinions of residents of Germany on sending to Iraqis of the weapon were shared.
One consider that it is only so possible to stop fighters from Islamic State, others are afraid that this weapon can fall into hands of terrorists finally.
Rebels lined the Ukrainian patrol boat in the Sea of Azov
Donetsk separatists lined the Ukrainian patrol boat in the Sea of Azov, ITAR-TASS reports on August 31.
According to the available data, it occurred in Taganrog Bay near settlements of Shirokino and Bezymennoye (10-20 km to the East from Mariupol).
A number of the Ukrainian media report about firing of two boats of a coast guard.
It is specified that incident happened today around 16:20 Moscow time.
Teenagers were taken away by helicopter from the Blue Mountains
TWO teenagers-bushuokera were brought by helicopter to the safe place after spent night, having got stuck in the Blue Mountains of New South Wales.
The 16-year-old girl and the 18-year-old young man went hiking soon in the afternoon on Sunday in Govetts Leap in Blackheath.
Concerned relatives called police about 8 in the evening when they did not come back home.
The search group into which local police officers and saving group entered was sent, and found couple about 11 in the evening near the Bridalveil falls.
The girl injured a knee, and the young man fell and hurt the head.
Officers stayed overnight with couple, and lifted them on the winch on Monday morning.
They were taken away by an ambulance car in a stable state in Blue Mountains hospital.
Two unions met
Summit talks in Minsk did not solve problems for the sake of which they were called, but generated a new format: the top officials of the European Union met the top officials of the future Euroasian
Let and in a disturbing occasion (the situation around Ukraine of delays does not suffer), leaders of the EU and the Customs union for the first time discussed a number of "hot problems".
Whether such structure effectively, unclear is capable to work; but it is clear who skimmed off the cream from this summit.
Questions in this respect disappeared in the evening on August 26 when Belarusians, and after them and other Eurasians with Europeans saw in television news of the new president Lukashenko.
The Belarusian leader showed an example of the perfected courtesy, it was behavior of the person who just broke a jackpot - and plans a worthy old age in society.
As Lukashenko's Maidan helped
Arrival in Minsk at once three main European commissioners (ministers of the EU) who met Lukashenko and allowed it to speak at a final briefing from their name - not just legitimation of the president with a 20-year experience.
It is the application for recognition of Minsk by the full subject of the European policy and the main mediator of the Ukrainian crisis.
The senior analyst of the Belarusian institute of strategic researches Denis Melyantsov is sure: from now on Brussels will not be able already to talk to Minsk the same tone as earlier.
"The fact that Catherine Ashton met in private Lukashenko gives the grounds to believe that the relations with the EU will be defrozen further", - he told Ogonyok.
This iceberg has a hidden part: the Belarusian authorities began preparation for break long before a November Maidan in Kiev - in the summer of the 2013th.
"Results were achieved and with the EU are successful negotiations on simplification of a visa regime and readmission, dialogues on modernization, - the interlocutor of Ogonyok lists, - and with the USA negotiations on the international security were held.
The states even removed a few sanctions.
As for the Ukrainian events, they and reaction of the leadership of Belarus to them only urged forward this process.
Minsk, on the one hand, managed to keep the relations with Ukraine - rather warm that it is not strong to lose in mutual trade, and the president Poroshenko could arrive to Belarus on negotiations.
With another - the Belarusian leader who de jure did not recognize annexation of the Crimea to Russia and urged to punish Russian-backed separatists in Donbass with all severity did not quarrel also with Moscow.
Minsk did not leave neither the Customs union, nor the CSTO, and in Baranovichi the Russian air base is placed.
Brussels and Washington noticed the balanced position of Minsk on the Ukrainian question - and estimated it, the Belarusian experts are sure.
As successful will be Lukashenko's movement to political diversification, it will be visible how often in the near future Minsk will happen to host meetings in the EU-CU format.
The press service of the EU High Representative for foreign policy and diplomacy Catherine Ashton could not answer questions of what Brussels expects from relationship in a new format quickly.
The press secretary Asheton Maya Kosyanchich only declared to Ogonyok that against the solution of questions of war and peace this subject is not priority.
At the same time there were messages that Kazakhstan can become the following meeting place on the Ukrainian question with participation of the top officials in a new format also.
Tar drop for Minsk was the statement of the president Nursultan Nazarbayev which he admitted that about it it, appears, representatives of the European Union personally asked.
Nevertheless, at a final briefing Alexander Lukashenko let know: all parties not against that Minsk remained the central platform for meetings as in a format Russia - OSCE - Ukraine, and at the level of heads of states and high European Commission representatives.
It means that "the last dictator of Europe" finds the status of quite handshakeable European leader who helps to solve a global problem.
The best friend of the European farmer
Already structure of the delegation of the EU including European Commissioners on trade and power pushed to a conclusion: the main background of the summit - not a tragic situation on Donbass, and economy.
Really, the schedule of future negotiations on supply of gas imposed at a meeting and on overcoming of fears of the countries of the CU under the agreement on association of Ukraine with the EU looks achievement more large-scale, than peace declarations without concrete dates and figures.
The commissioner on trade Karl De Gucht, nevertheless, designated: representatives of the EU "came to Minsk to look for the decision to political crisis which has economic consequences, and not vice versa".
It seems that however, as in economy crisis in Ukraine "works" for Belarus.
Its consequences - and first of all reciprocal sanctions of the West and Russia - give to Minsk which still is under sanctions pressure, the long-awaited field for maneuver.
According to the head of the Research center Mises, the ex-candidate for president of Belarus Yaroslav Romanchuk, the European investors are in opportunities of Belarus for deliveries of agricultural products to the Russian Federation in circumvention of sanctions actively interested.
At the same time schemes of deliveries for which Vladimir Putin at the summit scolded Minsk move forward.
"Initiators of these schemes, - Romanchuk to Ogonyok emphasized, - not the Belarusian businessmen, but the Russian companies act.
They long worked schemes of deliveries of goods, including from Poland, Germany, Lithuania, and today these schemes are destroyed.
The Russian business is in great need in somehow to restore them, even through mediation of the Belarusian structures.
The second plot, - the expert continues, - it is connected with the fact that many Ukrainian companies wish to arrange production in Belarus from the Ukrainian raw materials also with orientation to the Russian market.
The Ukrainian producers have about 4 billion dollars of export to Russia, and the Belarusian production and trade schemes can be very demanded now".
According to Romanchuk, the platform part of the host for negotiations of the EU and the CU is ideal for Lukashenko and from the point of view of development of economic relations with Europe.
He reminds that losses of agrarian sector of the EU from sanctions of Moscow are estimated at 5-10 billion euros, and the European Commission offered landowners only 125 million euros compensations now.
The Belarusian president can suggest Brussels to work together to minimize consequences for European farmers.
The authority Lukashenko in the EU on unknown height can lift it.
Hospitality without initiative
Catherine Ashton thanked the Belarusian authorities for an initiative of carrying out the summit.
But the paradox is that official Minsk from the active role in the birth of the CU+EU format disowns, and the Belarusian leader at a meeting with the Ukrainian colleague emphasized that Kiev became the initiator of a new format at all.
"It was your offer to gather, without any pile to discuss, not all of a sudden to make the decision, after signing of the Contract on association with the EU, to understand a situation which at that time developed in Ukraine" - it addressed in front of cameras Petro Poroshenko.
However, observers interpreted it as attempt to calm Moscow, it, by hearsay, initially was against mediation of Minsk which strongly increases its political weight.
The Belarusian diplomatic department diligently emphasizes that Belarus at the organization of interaction of the EU and the CU on the earth does not pursue the mercenary aims, and an ultimate goal of such format - creation in the future of a common economic space from Lisbon to Vladivostok.
"It is absolute in the spirit of those concepts which in other spheres, in particular in the sphere of safety, puts forward and advances the guide of our strategic ally - the Russian Federation", - told Ogonyok in the MFA of Belarus, department where recently scrupulously are at loss for words.
In Moscow zones with paid entrance can appear
The government of Moscow considers option of introduction of zones with paid entrance as method of fight against congestion of the central roads by analogy with other large cities of the world, M24.ru with reference to the deputy mayor of Moscow concerning transport Maxim Liksutov tells.
One of options which successfully proved is paid entrance.
This expert opinion, we will surely study it, we will look at all minuses and pluses.
To say that some decisions, until early are about it made", - Liksutov told.
The deputy mayor emphasized that experience of the Asian cities which in structure and load are similar to Moscow is very important for the authorities of the capital.
One of the decisions taken from these countries is already realized construction of the central ring highway, Liksutov added.
Recently begun construction of the Central ring highway is a certain example of the fact that it is not obligatory to pass all traffic through Moscow.
If there was a sufficient infrastructure of a detour, then it was not necessary to have a transit traffic in Moscow", - marked out the deputy mayor.
Also Maxim Liksutov declared that introduction of paid parkings significantly unloaded capital streets.
And, according to him, authorities of the capital do not plan to be satisfied with what has already been achieved.
Let's remind, on August 26 the mayor of the Russian capital Sergey Sobyanin participated in a ceremony of laying of construction of the first start-up complex of the Moscow Central Ring Highway (CRH).
The boredom is guilty
Frank Miller and Robert Rodriguez's movie Sin City 2: A Dame to Kill For made at all not that revolution which could be expected from it.
The first Sin City (2005) shot at minimum, but symbolical Quentin Tarantino's participation, made revolution in the relations between cinema, comics and literary noir.
Sequel too in own way revolyutsionen: in the sense that it destroys a chain, fundamental to modern thinking, "the thesis - the antithesis - synthesis" (if to understand as the thesis the noir Universe, and as the antithesis - space of comics).
From now on it should be read: "the thesis - the antithesis - chaos".
Sin City 2 is chaotic both on dramaturgic, and at the philosophical level: both times it is chaotic in bad sense of the word.
Yes, part of heroes are familiar on first "City" though, here, the strapper Marv (Mickey Rourke), is remembered, terminated life on an electric chair, and here, nothing, only and manages to snatch out - as such national combatant - from air knives and other axes with strangleholds.
But old men are parted forcibly literally elbows by beginners as if broken into the city from some other movie about which sense and a plot of the audience ask not to worry.
So, the supersuccessful player Johnny has the history which is shamelessly torn off by authors on the most interesting place (Joseph Gordon-Levitt).
The - at lewd and frigid Eve Lord (Eva Green) and for something Dwight revenging her (Josh Brolin).
But this confusion in which Dwight, say, in a face not to distinguish from Johnny - especially as the person, as well as other parts of a body, to characters take down with a relentless regularity, - it does not matter and even not half the problem.
It not people, we understand that it is noir archetypes: fatal a knot, too self-assured player who got into "a honey trap" of sex the detective, the corrupted ghoul senator.
Well, and when the archetype waltzes with an archetype and an archetype drives, it not cinema any more, and esteem that abstract painting.
And to ask abstract painting questions about logic of a plot simply ridiculously.
Besides, even in this fussing world there is something constant.
Fighting whores from first "City" still hold perimeter defense from powers of darkness besieging their native slums.
And the ghost of the detective Hartigan will sometimes glance on a spark, and it is always pleasant to look at Bruce Willis.
The main problem of Sin City 2 consists in another.
Frank Miller was good the fact that as the draftsman skillfully connected the comic book and noir and as the director - changed understanding how to transfer comics to the screen.
The comic book and noir - two aggressively opposite "realities".
The comic book phenomenon in a modern look was born in the late twenties, then, when Dashiell Hammett's novels the Red Harvest (1929), "The Maltese falcon" (1930) and "A glass key" (1931) created a canon of the noir which was called then hard-boiled school - "cool school".
Well or pulp fiction.
Comics were presented to Hollywood by many tens of heroes: from the seaman Popaya - the devourer of the spinach giving it the powerful strength, the Superman, Batman and syskarya Dick Tracey to Hulk, the Torah, the Spiderman and other "avengers".
But in any cinema based on comics there was something defective: the cartoon characters persistently did not wish to acquire screen flesh, remained pretenders in the "real" world surrounding them willy-nilly.
In other words, they were absolutely deprived of "existence".
Noir, on the contrary, the most existential genre of the world literature.
After world wars the traditional novel - with experiences, characters, family scandals and a historical background - lost any persuasiveness.
What Forsytes, what Thibaut and Rougon-Macquarts what even Bolkonsky and Rostova in general are imaginable after Verdun, Auschwitz and Hiroshima?
Such novel peacefully mutated in a format of the soap opera, and criminal - that is by definition marginal - the novel towered to the level of philosophical prose.
Hammett on the skin learned that it to work as the hospital attendant at the front.
He was a communist.
As, by the way, at least, also such pillars of a genre as writers Horace McCoy and Jim Thompson, directors Jules Dassin, Joseph Loasey, Edward Dmytryk were close to the Communist Party.
Therefore noir which archetype they set, first, is rough and cynical, and secondly - especially sotsialen.
Whether it slightly American option of a socialist realism.
The first Sin City was remarkable what is unnatural, but organically connected the comic book to noir.
For the first time on the screen the comic book came to life, without hesitating of the graphic nature at all, but did not pretend to be the "present" movie.
The gloom of the selling world where the cardinal ordered murders, and senator of covers of the terrible son sadist, was quite worthy Hammett's feather.
And picturesque details like the cut-off heads which the sadist decorated the nest, ingenious James Ellroy's feather, the author of "A black orchid" and the best - that is it is declarative sickening - the representative of neo-noir.
Sin City 2 is even not retreat, but capitulation of radical stylistics of Miller - Rodriguez before tradition of the comic book.
Probably, in many respects it happened because of the 3D technologies.
When you watch the second Sin City, you feel as the prisoner in a glass sphere in which snow fills up a toy foul place.
However, most often it is not snow, but bloody lumps, but by and large what difference?
And about a sociality and there is nothing to speak.
She is possible only when somewhere, here and there we a time, let and on a roadside of a dirty bog, but have a normal world where it is possible to return the girl who went on a curve path or, say, to tell inconsolable parents that her blighter is punished.
When in the city of a sin there is no place to anything, except a sin, and a sin already any not a sin, but norm.
Boring, as any norm.
The chaos of Sin City 2 is simply boring.
To be fair domestic hire gave to this fresh sin small, but peppercorn.
Credits warn: the movie contains harmful scenes of smoking.
In relation to a show in which most vegetarian episode to the person nippers break fingers it gives infernal humour.
It would be pleasant to Hammett.
Socialists of France have to "shut up and put France in order", the key ally of Frassoi Hollande says
Mister Wal urged deeply divided left forces "to show a warm attitude" to the socialist president taking the battering whose shifts did not find approval at the vast majority of French.
The president deserves respect of everyone, he deserves our loyalty, he deserves our support.
"It is our debt - to remain near it", he told, having caused an applause.
As reconciliation gesture, the prime minister assured that his government will not call into question disputable 35-hour working week in France, despite the offers kindling the conflict, it has to weaken the rules made by Emmanuel Macron, the new Minister of Economics, earlier this week.
On Saturday mister Hollande begged the companions on the Socialist party to remain "uniform" with the government.
However Christiane Taubira, the minister of a yusittion, put a spoke in the wheel, having come discordant members of parliament from the Socialist party to the meeting and having scarified the Socialist party for the fact that she allowed French "to lose faith in the future".
Marin le Pe, the leader of extremely right National front, expressed contempt for the continuous internal conflicts among socialists, having told that she does not represent that the new government of Wal will hold on longer than several months.
François Hollande is the naked king, but naked and prince Manuel Wal forced to bring together the new government when former did not hold on also summer.
"And new will not hold on fall or winter too", madam le Pen told reporters.
She repeated an appeal of the party to dissolution of parliament, having told that she is sure that the party can easily win on early elections and is ready to operate.
The ruling party of France endured defeat on March municipal elections, and extremely right National front came the first on elections of the EU in May.
Poll of Sunday Journal du Dimanche found out that 76 percent of French believe that the Socialist party risks to break up on a little competing fractions until the end of the presidential term of mister Hollande in 2017.
Pascal Perrineau, the political scientist from university of Syans On, warned that French will quickly lose patience if the new socialist government does not manage to correct economy and record unemployment.
"It has not enough time, but the public opinion needs to feel quickly that something changes", he warned.
Otherwise, the situation can become even worse.
"City Without Drugs" was left without claim
The Sverdlovsk arbitration court left without consideration the claim of administrative directorate of the regional ministry of management of state property to the City Without Drugs foundation.
Department intended to exact from the organization more than 7 million rubles as a payment for rent of the building in the center of Yekaterinburg.
However the claimant was not in court twice.
Today the arbitration court of Sverdlovsk region left without consideration the claim of executive directorate of the Ministry for State Property Management of the region (MUGISO) to the City Without Drugs foundation (one of founders - the mayor of Yekaterinburg Yevgeny Roizman).
Representatives of the regional authorities intended to exact from the organization 7,3 million rubles as a payment for rent of the building.
Today it became known that the claimant was not twice in court because of what the decision on refusal in consideration was made.
Representatives in directorate of the MUGISO could not explain the absence reason, the head of legal department Maxim Titov did not answer the phone calls.
Also it was not succeeded to contact representatives of fund.
Let's remind, it is about a mansion which occupied fund in the downtown on Belinsky Street, 19 on a grant basis since 2011.
Such decision was made by the ex-governor Alexander Misharin.
In November, 2012 the administrative directorate of the Ministry for State Property Management of Sverdlovsk region submitted a claim to Sverdlovsk arbitration court for eviction of fund from the building.
According to the claim, department demanded to recognize through court unconcluded the contract of free use by the room of a memorial mansion.
According to directorate of the MUGISO, in the agreement essential conditions on rent of object of cultural heritage were not written down.
The Sverdlovsk arbitration court rejected the claim, then the appeal in the 17th arbitration court of Perm which was satisfied was submitted.
Then in the same court the fund made the appeal about this decision which was left without satisfaction then the decision was appealed by fund in the Supreme Arbitration Court, but the court sided with directorate.
In 2013 the new lease contract according to which the fund started over again paying a rent was signed, the mayor Yevgeny Roizman told about it.
The rent was appointed 300 thousand rubles a month.
The previous administration of the region transferred us this building to free use, having recognized our merits in fight against drugs, in honor of fund.
The present administration solved in a different way", - he declared.
Tatyana Drogayeva, Yekaterinburg
Why to the mayor of Yekaterinburg suggested to leave voluntarily
On July 24 the deputy of municipal duma of Yekaterinburg United Russia party member Alexander Kosintsev suggested the mayor - to the speaker of municipal duma Yevgeny Roizman to retire.
Criminal case concerning the arrested on suspicion of murder of the pensioner of the deputy of municipal duma Oleg Kinev who is considered as the mayor's colleague was the cause.
As to Yevgeny Roizman found criminal case
On July 1 it became known of initiation of legal proceedings upon "slander" (Art. 128.1 of the Criminal Code of Russian Federation) in the blog of the mayor of Yekaterinburg Yevgeny Roizman.
Reported about it in the Ministry of Internal Affairs in Sverdlovsk region where the CEO of the Protection Centre for Rights" Anna Filatova filed the corresponding petition.
According to her, mister Roizman accused her of the blog entries that it is involved in crimes which were allegedly committed by her former spouse.
The mayor of Yekaterinburg is convinced that "it is the next attempt to revenge for the truth".
iPhones will turn into a purse
In anticipation of September 9 when Apple has to present the new developments, in the press there are all new leaks what can be expected from the presentation.
With reference to sources the American mass media report that the sixth generation of iPhone will be equipped with function of a mobile purse as a result of the joint project of Apple and Visa, MasterCard and American Express payment service providers.
According to Bloomberg and the specialized Re/code Internet resource, on the presentation of new products on September 9 Apple in addition can announce the joint project with Visa, MasterCard and American Express therefore in the new iPhone 6 smartphone function of a mobile purse will be available.
The companies refuse any comments about it.
This function allows to make payment on cash desk of shop by means of the smartphone.
Identification of payment will be carried out by the user on his fingerprint by means of the Touch ID function.
It is reported that in iPhone the NFC technology (near field communication) which allows to make contactless payment by means of the smartphone and the corresponding reader on cash desk will be for the first time built-in.
The NFC technology will be available thanks to the special microprocessor from the Dutch hi-tech company NXP (the former Philips Semiconductors).
For the first time the NFC function was presented in 2004 within cooperation of the companies Sony, Nokia, Philips Semiconductors and more than one hundred other companies which entered so-called NFC Forum - association on advance of this technology.
The first phone with NFC was released by the Nokia company in 2006.
The first smartphone on Android with the NFC function - Samsung Nexus S - was presented in 2010.
In May, 2011 Google presented the Google Wallet system allowing users to link cash cards to the account in Google and to pay off by means of the smartphone on Android.
However, the American experts emphasize that, despite large investments of the hi-tech companies into advance of the NFC technology, the American retailers still carefully treat an innovation and not too willingly spend money for the equipment of the shops such systems.
Therefore now observers hope that the entry of Apple into this market after all will force retailers to accelerate and more actively to introduce this technology in the outlets.
MFA of France: the position of Paris concerning deliveries to Russia of Mistrals does not change
The official representative Romain Nadal declared the MFA of France an invariable position of Paris concerning delivery of Russia of Mistral helicopter carriers.
"I can remind the statement of the president of the Republic (François Hollande) made by it in interview to the Le Monde newspaper of August 20: "Today the level of sanctions does not interfere with delivery.
This decision of Europeans, but not France"", - quotes mister Nadal of RIA Novosti.
So the representative of the French Foreign Ministry answered a question of whether deterioration in a situation will affect Ukraine on change of a position of Paris on implementation of this contract
In more detail about deliveries of helicopter carriers to Russia read in material of the Ogonek magazine "the Mistral honor ours".
Council of national security of Ukraine: for the last days in a zone of military operation seven servicemen died
The representative of National Security council and defense of Ukraine Andrey Lysenko reported that for last days in the combat zone in the east of the country seven Ukrainian servicemen died, 25 more were wounded.
Situation near Ilovaisk extremely difficult.
Until operation on withdrawal of troops from an environment is complete, details will not be disclosed.
Upon completion of operation data on losses and on the reasons of current situation will be published.
Guilty of emergence of such situation will bear responsibility", - mister Lysenko added, having refused to discuss in more detail a situation near Ilovaisk where several Ukrainian battalions got to an environment.
According to the representative of the NSDC, "it is done everything possible to return the military personnel who appeared in captivity" reports to ITAR-TASS.
Mister Lysenko also noted that the Ukrainian military departed from the airport of Luhansk in the direction of the settlement of Georgiyevk.
In more detail about a situation in the east of Ukraine read in the material of Kommersant "Arsen Avakov: the first Ukrainian military left an environment near Ilovaisk".
Norwegian Cruise approaches $ to the 3-milliard transaction with Prestige Cruises
Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd NCHL.O, the third largest cruise operator in the world, is on a closing stage of negotiations on acquisition of the similar company Prestige Cruises International Inc for about $3 billion, according to messages of the people familiar with a situation.
The transaction would provide Norwegian Cruise, the companies from a market stoimstyyu of $6,8 billion, access to luxury cruise vessels and wealthy clients of Prestige Cruises as it competes with larger rivals of Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd (RCL.N) and Carnival Corp (CCL.N).
The agreement it can be announced this week, reported sources on Sunday, warning that negotiations can still fail.
The owner of Prestige Cruises, private investment company Apollo Global Management LLC (APO.N), also owns 20 percent of shares of Norwegian Cruise.
Sources asked to remain unnamed as negotiations are not open.
Representatives of Norwegian Cruise and Prestige Cruises did not respond to requests to give comments whereas the representative of Apollo refused to comment on information.
Norwegian Cruise which is based in Miami steers 13 cruise ships on the routes covering North America, the Mediterranean, the Baltic Sea, Central America and the Caribbean Region.
Its income made $2,57 billion in 2013, is 13 percent more, than in 2012.
Prestige Cruises which is also based in Miami works under the Oceania and Regent brands which together own eight cruise vessels which go to Scandinavia, Russia, the Mediterranean, North America, Asia, Africa and South America.
She declared the income in $1,2 billion in 2013, is 6 percent higher, than a year before.
It is expected that for $ the 29-milliard cruise industry growth of middle class in the developing economies, such as China and India will favorably be reflected in the next years.
The companies competing in speed seek to position themselves as the cruise operators preferred by these new clients.
Prestige Cruises was registered in regulators of the USA for initial public offering in January, 2014.
Apollo became the main shareholder of the company after $ the 850-million transaction in 2007.
Norwegian Cruise was created in that look as it exists now, in 2000 as a result of merge to the cruise operator belonging to Genting BHD (GENT.KL), the conglomerate of entertainments and a casino which was under control of the Malaysian billionaire Lim Kok Thea.
Apollo invested $1 billion in Norwegian Cruise in 2008.
Norwegian Cruise turned into the public company in January, 2013.
Genting owned a share in 28 percent, Apollo owned a share in 20 percent, and the private investment company TPG Capital LP owned a share in 8 percent in the company, as of the end of June, according to the reporting.
Carnival, Royal Caribbean Cruises and Norwegian Cruise together make 82 percent of a cruise passenger traffic in North America, according to registration documents at the first public placement of shares of Prestige Cruises.
Crimea television and radio broadcasting company can receive 250 million rubles of subsidies
The Ministry of Telecom and Mass Communications of the Russian Federation suggests to allocate to the state Crimea television and radio broadcasting company 250 million rubles in 2014.
As appears from the draft of the resolution of the Ministry of Telecom and Mass Communications placed on a uniform portal of disclosure of information on preparation of regulations, subsidies are planned to be spent "for a covering of expenses on creation of conditions for large-scale information illumination of a social and economic situation and development of modern information space in the territory of the Republic of Crimea".
Also money will go for purchase of the equipment, repair of a roof and systems of power supply in the building of the broadcasting company founded in 1959 reports to RIA Novosti.
Democracy activists of Hong Kong break speech of the Chinese representative next day after making decision on elections
The group of the citizens loyal to Beijing stood nearby, swinging the Chinese flag.
The Standing Committee of the National People's Congress on Sunday defined procedure on which it will be allowed to only two or three candidates to take part in elections of the Hong Kong's leader in 2017.
All candidates have to get at first support of most of members of the committee on promotion which will probably be full of the Beijing Loyalists.
The decision makes almost impossible for democratic opposition to be included in the ballot and forced democracy activists again to promise to stop financial center of Hong Kong protests of "Occupy Central".
Political reform is the main source of intensity in Hong Kong as the Chinese party leaders are afraid that the appeal to democracy will extend to other cities.
After the publication Beijing of the document describing control of China over Hong Kong in June, democracy activists held an unofficial referendum on elections in the special administrative region, and hundreds of thousands left to the business center of the city and went on a sit-down strike.
Li's briefing will be organized by the government of Hong Kong and the Chinese Liaison Bureau in Hong Kong.
The vice-chairman of the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress Zhang Rongshun and the deputy director of Bureau for Hong Kong and Macau of the State Council of Feng Blow also had to make a speech at a series of briefings during the day.
Students activists declared that they will gather at the building of the head of the government of Hong Kong in the second half of day.
Great Britain did not mention democratic management for Hong Kong till last days 150 years of the colonial board.
The authorities of Israel intend to attach 400 hectares of the earth belonging to Palestinian Authority
The authorities of Israel declared that they intend to attach 400 hectares of the earth on the west bank of the Jordan River belonging to Palestinian Authority.
As Youzhny gives by Vifly "BBC", the decision to attach the earth it is connected with desire to pay back for stealing and murder of three Israeli teenagers in June of this year.
The ministrestvo of defense of Israel declared annexation of territory on Sunday and charged to military to adjust administrative management on the west bank.
According to the representative of the Gaza Strip Saeb Erekat, the world community has to call Israel to account for "the proceeding settlement activity on the west bank of Jordan and in East Jerusalem".
Putin demands from Kiev to begin negotiations on "statehood" of east Ukraine
According to the Russian news messages on his remarks, the Russian president Vladimir Putin demanded on Sunday that the Ukrainian government stopped fights with separatists in the east of the country and immediately began negotiations on "statehood" of the separated region.
His press secretary, Dmitry Peskov, cleared later that Putin did not mean to hint that the East Ukrainian territory under control of separatists will become part of Russia, but that its status in Ukraine needs to be revised to give to the Russian-speaking region the chance to protect the rights and interests.
However Putin's appeal to the Kiev government to begin negotiations with the pro-Russian insurgents as with equal corresponded to obvious strategy to which it follows since the beginning of bloodshed five months ago: To help separatists to take away the territory and to force the Ukrainian government to give to the newly proclaimed territory of Novorossiya the actual independence to approach Russia, but not the West.
In interview of television to the public Channel One Putin condemned the Ukrainian military campaign for return of the territory withheld by separatists in east Donetsk and Luhansk regions which were occupied in March and April after Moscow annexed the Ukrainian Crimean peninsula on March 18.
The Kremlin and separatists called the occupied territories Novorossiya recently, or New Russia, the name which sends by pre-revolutionary days of glory of the Russian Empire.
Putin told what any who believes that peace talks will happen in the near future when the Ukrainian politicians begin campaigns to parliamentary elections on October 26 and while government troops attack peace settlements in the regions withheld by separatists, - "the captive of illusions", reported to ITAR-TASS.
"We have to begin immediately substantial negotiations and not only on technical questions, but also on a political system of society and the state status of southeast Ukraine to observe interests of the people living there", he told.
Sand told that Putin's words about statehood meant in the context of wider autonomy which was discussed within months with heads in Kiev in attempt to calm fears in Russian-speaking areas that their cultural and language rights it is in danger.
Only the Ukrainian government can give to east regions a necessary autonomy, told Sand.
It is not a question for discussion between Ukraine and Russia, told Sand, "because it is not the conflict between Russia and Ukraine, and the internal Ukrainian conflict".
Intervention of the press secretary of the Kremlin to correct "incorrect interpretation" of Putin's words emphasized the decision of Russian government to behave in relation to separatist revolt in the east otherwise, than open capture of the Crimea where most of the 2-million population - ethnic Russians.
Moscow should sustain much heavier fight to attach even the Donetsk and Luhansk regions of east Ukraine as the majority of 6,5 million inhabitants not Russians, and polls prior to the conflict showed broad support of desire to remain in Ukraine.
The autonomy which the Russian diplomats discussed at the international forums would give to the regional governments in Ukraine the power to define trade agreements and foreign policy, as a matter of fact, ceding the Kremlin the actual control over the territory which would connect the main territory of Russia to the Crimea.
On the Black Sea peninsula attached five months ago there is the main Russian military fleet, and also commercial sea facilities and historical sea resorts.
In regions between the Russian Rostov region and the Crimea there are also mines, factories and foundries which make the necessary equipment for the Russian army.
The Ukrainian president of Petro Poroshenko offered during the inaugural speech on June 7 that the Ukrainian legislators after new elections weighed the amendments to the constitution allowing to give to the separated regions bigger control over the finance and the status of languages.
However his view of an autonomy, seemingly, strongly differs from a look of the Kremlin and insurgents separatists, in arms and which instigation accuse Moscow.
The last appeal of Putin to Kiev to agree with leaders of separatists as with equal, followed new approaches of insurgents last week after the Russian troops and tanks entered east Ukraine from before peace area along the Sea of Azov.
The separatists supported by Russia took under control the city of Novoazovsk in approach about which the staff of the Ukrainian security service says that they are afraid that it is the beginning of campaign for occupation of the strategic coastal territory to the Crimea.
It caused large-scale civil and military efforts on strengthening of Mariupol, steelmaking port from 500000 inhabitants which is between Novoazovsk and narrow pass on the Crimean peninsula.
Poroshenko on Saturday addressed meeting of leaders of the European Union in Brussels to call for measures for prevention of further Russian aggression against Ukraine, the former Soviet republic which was independent 23 years.
"We approach a non-return point", warned Poroshenko.
Thousands of foreign soldiers and hundreds of foreign tanks now in the territory of Ukraine.
The EU summit did not take certain measures; leaders called for drawing up the draft of more severe sanctions against Russia which will be accepted in case of any escalation of the Ukrainian crisis.
The Ukrainian soldiers had to leave the positions in Ilovaisk after two columns of the Russian armored machinery and 1000 soldiers last week entered the Donetsk region to support the separatists experiencing difficulties, the colonel Andriy Lysenko, the press secretary of Council for national security and defense of Ukraine told reporters in Kiev on Saturday.
The first of 63 Ukrainian soldiers which, according to the available data, keep in Ilovaisk as a result of the Russian invasion were exchanged on Sunday for 10 Russian paratroopers captured in the Ukrainian territory a week ago, Lysenko on Sunday reported.
Scandal with naked photos takes the Australian celebrities and Gaby Greco
Geoffrey Edelsten expressed the disgust for hackers who, perhaps, stole naked photos of his bride Gaby Greco and the whole list of the Hollywood stars.
Hollywood in indignation after a number of candid photos on which naked Jennifer Lawrence is represented got to the Internet as a result of large-scale hacker scandal with celebrities.
They say that the hacker responsible for it, has about 60 candid photos of a star of "The Hunger Games" Lawrence and superstars among which model Kate Upton and Cara Delevingne, singers Rihanna, Ariana Grande and Lea Michele and the actress Kirsten Dunst.
Photos as a result of leak with iCloud, allegedly, were stolen from the Australian actors Teresa Palmer, Emily Browning, Yvonne Strahovski and living in Melbourne Greco also.
In the list 101 names of celebrities.
Edelsten who made Greco the proposal last month, told Confidential: "It is disgusting".
All private correspondence and photos have to remain private.
It is awful that personal information can be stolen and distributed to other people.
Greco which is in New York according to the available data, told the news website that hacker attack was "shameful" and that those to whom it was directed "feel that they to them intruded".
It is supposed that the hacker has 30 photos Palmer with the former boyfriend Scott Spidmen, including two frames where she lies at the pool with a naked breast.
Works Palmer at cinema include "Love and honor" together with Liam Hemsworth.
Palmer, a star of the movie "Chuck" Strahovski and the actress from Sucker Punch the Browning did not comment on the stolen photos yesterday.
The representative Lawrence told TMZ: "This impudent invasion into private life."
The actor Seth Rogen showed the indignation to the hacker, having written to Twitter: "To post the photos stolen from the mobile phone, actually, differs in nothing from sale of stolen goods".
Just from the legal point of view, it is impossible to suffer the publication of the stolen photos.
The potential way of theft of a photo of naked celebrities is found
Mass breaking of accounts of stars, perhaps, is made through vulnerability in the Find My Phone appendix.
The potential scenario of succession of events described the The Next Web resource.
On the Github resource the script was published in the Python language which allowed to select passwords to the Find My Phone service of the Apple company.
This service allows to trace location of iPhone.
For access to it the same linking of login and the password of Apple ID, as for access to a cloud of Apple iCloud from which photos of celebrities were stolen is used.
The script allowed by method of search to learn the password from Find My Phone.
At this method various combinations of symbols, starting with the most often used passwords are consistently entered.
The author of a script claimed that in the Find My Phone service the quantity of the entered versions of passwords is unlimited.
At the correct organization of a security system after several unsuccessful attempts to enter the wrong password the account has to be blocked and report to the user about breaking attempt.
Because of vulnerability, users did not receive any messages on attempt to pick up the password to their account.
Hackers learned the password from Apple ID and used it for access to iCloud.
According to the message of the user of Hackapp in Twitter, vulnerability it was found two days ago, on Saturday, and to it the scripting program for selection of passwords is written.
At the moment vulnerability is closed: after five attempts access to service is blocked.
The resource contacted the user of Hackapp and he noted that above-mentioned vulnerability is characteristic of many services, however noted that he has no evidence that such vulnerability was used for access to the account of "stars".
It not I, plz RT
On the prime minister's Twitter foreign records once again appeared
Though there are no firm proofs that for theft of photos vulnerability in Find My Phone was used, earlier there was already a wave of harmful actions with use of this service.
Hackers intercepted control of the device and demanded repayment from owners.
In that case of Apple declared to media that in this case safety of a cloud was not compromised, however did not make investigations how users lost the accounts.
In Russia twitter of the prime minister of the Russian Federation Dmitry Medvedev was cracked also earlier.
If malefactors got access to iCloud in a way described above, then there could also the password to the account of the head of the government in microblogging service is stored.
The The Next Web resource did not manage to receive comments of Apple about vulnerability in Find My Phone.
Putin granted the Russian citizenship to the Ukrainian pentathlonist
The president of Russia Vladimir Putin granted the Russian citizenship to the famous Ukrainian sportswoman Anna Buryak.
The relevant decree is published on the Internet portal of legal information.
At the beginning of this year the sportswoman moved to Russia to permanent residence and appealed to Federation of modern pentathlon to give it an opportunity to support the national team of the Russian Federation.
In the 2013th she won two World Cup stages, won a silver medal of the European championship in individual competition and became the world champion in mixed relay which is one of new types of the program in this sport.
It holds the leading positions and in the current season.
According to rules to make a speech at the Olympic Games-2016 in Rio de Janeiro, it will need to get special permission of the Olympic committee of Ukraine.
Anna Buryak is not the first Ukrainian sportswoman who changed nationality.
In July Vladimir Putin decided to issue the Russian passport to the chess player Ekaterina Lagno - the native of Lviv who is a two-time champion of Europe (2005, 2008), the world on blitz (2010) and fast chess (2014).
As a part of a women's team of Ukraine the sportswoman became the winner of the chess Olympic Games in Turin (2006), a team championship of the world in Astana (2013) and a team championship of Europe in Warsaw (2013).
The ICR terminated Tu-204 crash investigation to Vnukovo
The Investigative Committee of Russia (ICR) dismissed criminal case upon accident of the Tu-204 plane of Red Wings airline.
The press service of department reports about it.
The decision was made in connection with death of the commander of the aircraft and the flight engineer.
Judicial examination showed that high-speed approach on the landing, non-performance by crew of standard procedures on landing, and also an inadvertent exit of engines to the raised turns of direct draft became the cause of accident.
The Tu-204 plane of Red Wings airline going flight Prague - Moscow, crashed on December 29, 2012 when landing at the Moscow airport Vnukovo.
The aircraft was rolled out of a runway and lit up.
On the scene the commander of the aircraft, the second pilot and the flight engineer died.
Two stewards were brought to medical institutions where subsequently from traumatized died.
Three more stewards hospitalized with heavy injuries passed long-term treatment.
Besides, heavy injuries were received by the driver of the car moving to the accident moment on Kiyevskoye Highway.
Passengers onboard the aircraft were not.
The transport prosecutor's office after accident carried out an inspection during which numerous violations were revealed in Red Wings.
In February, 2013 the license of airline was suspended.
The company resumed work as summer of 2013.
Alexander Yemelyanenko began to train in a pre-trial detention center
The famous Russian fighter of the mixed style 33-year-old Alexander Yemelyanenko who is in a pre-trial detention center on a charge of violent acts of sexual character concerning the housemaid completely recovered from injuries and started trainings.
Reports "Championship" about it.
In May of this year the Investigative Committee of Russia brought to Alexander Yemelyanenko charge of rape.
The suspect was put on the wanted list, on May 9 he was detained in Tambov after commission of a road accident by it as a result of which he got a hip fracture.
Yemelyanenko Jr. was placed under arrest till August 31, adjudgement was appointed to September 1.
However the court was transferred, and the investigation insisted on extension of term of detention till September 30.
In case the guilt of the athlete is proved, he is threatened by imprisonment for a period of up to six years.
In what force, brother?
Lenta.ru remembers the most scandal stories in Alexander Yemelyanenko's career
Yemelyanenko held the last match in January of the current year, having lost to a technical knockout to the compatriot Dmitry Sosnovsky.
Alexander is the younger brother of the better known fighter Fedor Yemelyanenko.
The last is a four-time world champion in the mixed martial arts, the four-time world champion and the seven-time champion of Russia in fighting sambo.
The anger was the most universal and functional emotion of the person
The angry facial expression is biologically universal for mankind, and each body participating in its creation and group of muscles is not casual, and is an additional tool of expression of power and threat, scientists of Australia and the USA found out.
They told about the opening in the Evolution and Human Behavior magazine, and shortly about them it is possible to read in the press release of the Californian university in Santa Barbara.
The angry look - the eyebrows shifted and lowered down extended to the thin line of a lip, the inflated nostrils - is identical in all cultures, and even blind people from the birth children, never its seeing do it, the leading author of research Aaron Sell notes.
Within the large research project devoted to the anger nature, scientists found out that there was this emotion for effective conducting disputes during the conflict.
The more physical damage one person can cause to another, the it is more at it than opportunities dictate the terms, and it informs of it the interlocutor by means of anger.
Researchers found confirmations and other hypothesis: physically strong people become angry more often and pass to a manhandling, consider themselves to have the right to impose others unprofitable conditions for them, and also prefer power methods of the solution of the conflicts to peace.
Making a start from the fact that the anger is first of all "emotion of the bargaining", scientists decided that the movements of each of seven groups of muscles creating an angry facial expression have to represent the angry individual more powerful and dangerous in the opinion of the interlocutor - and by that to force to agree as soon as possible with his conditions in order to avoid the conflict.
For check of this hypothesis researchers simulated on the computer of the person where was present or there was no each of seven elements of the angry person, and showed them to informants.
Though the lowered eyebrows or the chin pushed forward separately did not do a face angry, stronger physically participants of research recognized the person represented with such lines unanimously.
The anger of the person, as well as at animals, expresses threat: the exaggerated manifestation of own force forcing to agree and obey.
The person inflates nostrils and purses lips with the same purpose, as a frog who is inflated, or a baboon which shows the canines.
"The anger "is started" by refusal of the interlocutor to accept a situation, and the person takes the form which is most effectively showing to the opposite side of a consequence of this refusal at once.
But the most amazing - that any of components of the angry person is not any, all of them express same", - the anthropologist John Tooby noted.
Suggested to allocate to the Ministry of Telecom and Mass Communications 250 million rubles of Crimea television and radio broadcasting company
Suggested to allocate to the Ministry of Telecom and Mass Communications in 2014 from the federal budget 250 million rubles of autonomous non-profit organization Crimea television and radio broadcasting company.
It is stated in the draft of the government resolution prepared by department with which Lenta.ru got acquainted.
According to the explanatory note to the project, a subsidy from the federal budget will are directed "to a covering of expenses on creation of conditions for large-scale information illumination of a social and economic situation and development of modern information space in the territory of the Republic of Crimea, including acquisition of the equipment".
In particular, on the allocated money it is supposed to convert the hardware and studio block, video walls, the central equipment room and the video server room.
Also acquisition of mobile television station and the satellite transmitter is planned.
Besides, from the allocated funds the company will pay use of the fiber-optic communication link (FOCL) and carrying out repair of system of power.
Subsidies will be provided within the means of the federal budget provided for the Ministry of Telecom and Mass Communications.
The state television and radio broadcasting company Crimea is created in 1959, carries out broadcasting in seven languages: Ukrainian, Russian, Crimean Tatar, German, Greek, Bulgarian and Armenian.
Today coverage by a television signal of broadcasting company makes more than 75 percent of the territory of the peninsula.
In 2011 Crimea television and radio broadcasting company obtained the license for television broadcasting in a digital format.
