The prime ministers of India and Japan meet in Tokyo
India's new prime minister, Narendra Modi, meets with his Japanese counterpart, Shinzo Abe, in Tokyo to discuss ties in economics and security, as part of his first major foreign trip after winning an election in May.
Mr. Modi is in a five-day trip to Japan with the aim of strengthening economic ties with the world's third-largest economy.
At the head of the agenda of plans to expand nuclear cooperation.
India also reportedly hopes for an agreement on defense cooperation between the two states.
Fano Russia will hold a final session of an Expert
The federal agency of scientific organizations Fano (Russia) in cooperation with the Russian Academy of Sciences will hold a third session of an Expert "Evaluation of the effectiveness of scientific organizations."
The meeting will be the last in a series of meetings held by the agency during the year, according to a press release, "to the" Ленты.Ру. "
At the third meeting is planned to finalise work chairs a session for the year and a final list of indicators to measure the effectiveness of scientific organizations.
Separately, participants are scheduled to discuss the formation of expert groups responsible for the evaluation of scientific groups, and the evaluation criteria.
The third expert session will be the final event in the series of events for the formation of a unified for all three academies approach to performance assessment methodology of scientific organizations.
Over the past five months we have succeeded, and the final version of the regulations is on endorsements.
At the end of the next session, we must finish the formation of naucometriceskogo processes and expert analysis, to agree on the stages and the timing of the evaluation, "said the head of the analytical management of Fano Russia Elena Aksyonova.
The event will be attended by representatives of more than 100 scientific institutions in Russia.
He is expected to be the adoption of the resolution.
The meeting will begin at 10 a.m. Moscow time on September 16, 2014, at the following address: The city of Moscow, a street selyanka, 14.
Scientists have found a way to detect the kindred stars
Astrophysicists from the University of California at Santa Cruz have studied turbulent mixing and its impact on the chemical homogeneity in stellar accumulations.
It is expected that the discovery of specialists will seek among the stars that are arising from one cluster.
The results of their research, the authors published in the journal Nature, and briefly with them can be found on the website of the University.
The cause of the same chemical composition of the nearest stars is turbulent mixing in the clouds of gas, preceding the formation of stars.
Even if born star then leaves the star cluster, according to its chemical composition can determine the place of her birth and the formation of stars-relatives.
Previously, scientists have been doubts that the evolution of stars outside the cluster can lead to differences in its chemical content from a tear of relatives in the cluster.
The results of the simulation, conducted by astrophysics, show that such differences should not appear.
In his study, specialists with the help of a supercomputer have modelled two flow of interstellar gas, which together formed a cloud.
This object for several million years under its own gravity is converted into the cluster, which begin to form protostars.
The scientists added paint-label in the initial gas flows and discovered that thanks to the rapid turbulent peremeshivaniu in the cloud is achieved a high degree of chemical homogeneity.
According to astrophysics, their research proves that you can search for a star-relatives in chemical composition, as well as to determine possible areas of education such objects.
Karras police arrested a 20-year-old after the persecution of the motorcycle at high speed
The motorcycle was confiscated after it drove at a speed of 125 km / h in an area with a speed limit of 70 km / h and through bushland to escape from the police in the Pilbara.
The traffic police patrol in Karate this morning attempted to stop a blue motorcycle, finding that it reaches a speed of 125 km / h, when he left the service station on Bathgate Road.
The police said that the cyclist has not stopped and continued while the movement on the Road, then rolled in bushland, with the result that police lost sight of him.
A motorcycle and a man matching the description of the driver, were spotted near the home on Wolcott Way in Bulgarra.
Police Carrat charged a 20-year-old man indicted in the refusal to stop and dangerous driving.
He must appear before the world court Carrat on September 23.
The motorcycle was seized and detained for three months.
The academic year in DNR will begin no earlier than October
On September 1, the academic year DNR does not begin, because only 10% of children in the region.
The Minister of Education and Science of the self-proclaimed republic Igor Kosten.
He said that 11% of schoolchildren returned to other regions of Ukraine, 20% - in Russia.
Training in schools in the territory controlled by DNR, will begin no earlier than October 1.
However, teachers will come to work on September 1.
The investigation has been completed catastrophe TU-204 in Vnukovo in 2012
Russia's investigative committee has completed an investigation of the criminal investigation into the plane crash TU-204 in Vnukovo in December 2012.
It was reported today in the UK.
"The Moscow Interregional investigative control on the transport of the Investigative Committee of Russia completed an investigation of criminal proceedings instituted by the accident of the aircraft TU 204 airline" Red Wings "in Vnukovo on December 29, 2012, on the grounds of a crime stipulated by the road ст.263 of the Criminal Code / violation of safety rules and exploitation of air transport, which negligently caused the death of two or more persons /," reads.
The cause of the catastrophe was the failure of the crew of standard procedures and increased the speed of call on the landing.
George Webster accused of rape in hotels in Nairn and Pitlochry
A man stands trial on charges of rape of women in the two hotels.
George Webster, 28 years old, charged during the hearing of the High Court in Glasgow.
Presumably, he raped a woman in the hotel "Scotland Yard" h "in Pitlochry, Pertshire county, on June 7, 2013.
Argues that Webster attacked her when she was "unconscious, slept and was unable to give consent."
In addition, Webster is accused of raping another woman at the hotel "Golf View" in Nairn, which is located in the North Highlands Scotland, May 4, 2014.
Judge Lady Ray appointed the hearing at the High Court in Edinburgh on November 17.
Lavrov: Russia will not "slam the door" in connection with the new sanctions and will not be out of the WTO
Russia will not "slam the door" in connection with the new sanctions.
This was announced today, Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov, speaking to students and teachers of International Relations.
About our retaliatory measures in case of a new wave of anti-Russian sanctions, then I will not even speculate, fantasize, because everything should be specifically intended, "he said.
And when we understand that spodobyatsya at this time the European and American partners, then we will make decisions about how to respond to it.
It will not be associated with by clapping doors, some grievances, falsely understood, "said the minister.
We are, first of all, we will build on our interests, the interests of protecting its economy and social sphere, our citizens, our business and make conclusions from the actions of the partners to assess their adequacy, dogovorosposobnosti and reliability.
The steps that are taken in the field of sanctions, can be a very good judge, which are partners, "the head of the Russian Foreign Ministry.
If the voice say they "sanctions would be too painful for us, but we are forced to do that, in order to punish Russia," is probably not very adequately. "
As for the WTO exit of Russia in response to possible new sanctions, it is not.
We, on the other hand, want to actively master the WTO tools, including when it comes to trade disputes, "said Lavrov.
We've got the tools to overcome, as we believe, discriminatory policies of the EU's anti-dumping procedures.
According to the minister, Russia is accused of dumping and used against the industries of anti-dumping measures.
"We are ready to use the mechanisms of the WTO and to defend our position not to apply the rules of the third EU energopaceta retrospectively," Lavrov said.
How to properly use lilacs in the design of the garden?
The questions meets Irina Okuneva:
Since the lilacs after the flowers loses its appeal, it is desirable to plant along with other bushes.
It is perfectly compatible with many cultures.
And next to siren can and should be planted as plants, ornamental in other deadlines and blooming simultaneously with it.
Another plus lilac is that it provides a lot of opportunities for creativity.
You can shape it we stambovm of varying heights, improved shrub shrub with a wide base and even likeness bonsai garden - we with fancifully bent stvolicom.
Just select the form that corresponds to the design of your garden.
In Karelia for Cabinet Decrees convicted resident of the Leningrad Region
As reported in the republican Interior Ministry, the man was engaged in its criminal pursuits Olonets- and Segezhsky areas.
In addition to Karelia, he committed similar crimes in other regions of the country.
In particular, the defendant had nality in the Vologda region, where this spring, he was sentenced to two and a half years in prison.
Later, the man appeared before Olonetkim District Court.
As for the end of the investigation for crimes committed in our republic, had been driven to Segezha.
During the investigation of the proven wine for several episodes of selling counterfeit money relating to the summer of 2013.
At the end of June this year, the materials of the criminal case with other crises were forwarded to the court.
On Friday, August 29, the court decided to replace the term of imprisonment for four years with the attackers in the regime penal colony.
The verdict has not entered into force.
Recall that last week sentenced two more sbytchika fake money that paid them in the shops of Petrozavodsk.
Citizens of Azerbaijan came in Karelia also from St. Petersburg.
One of them is imprisoned for five years, the other for four.
Each appointed a fine of 500 thousand rubles.
The verdict also in force has not entered.
In Arkhangelsk noted the 73rd anniversary of the arrival of the first convoy "Dervish"
The meeting, which took place in the regional center, was devoted to the first we opened.
"Dervish" delivered in the USSR military aid from the United States and the United Kingdom.
In Arkhangelsk rally memory passed the clad stone monument of the participants of the northern convoys, which is located on the waterfront in Solombala Sedov's name.
The event gathered representatives of veterans organizations of Arkhangelsk, the children of the Cadet Class.
For the first time we have gathered twenty-three years ago, when the mortgage was laid stone.
But at the same time, today's event is not a holiday, and a day of remembrance for those who do not return the sea, "said the Chairman of the Board of Veterans of the Northern Sea Shipping Company Boris Karpov.
Then at the event gave the brass band and pupils up classes gave veterans of flowers and promarshirovali with the flags of Russia and the banner of Victory.
The meeting ended with laying flowers to clad stone.
The convoy consisted of five British ships and one Dutch transport downloaded strategically important raw materials (10 000 tons of rubber, 1,500 tons of form boots, middle, wool and a lot of other equipment and equipment).
Besides was aboard ships and military equipment and weapons - 3 800 depth charges and magnetic mines, fifteen fighters "Harricane" when state.
The escort convoys accounted for 16 British Navy ships, including two aircraft carriers.
A caravan of ships was not detected the enemy and safely reached its destination - Arkhangelsk.
All of the 848 ships involved in the vital operations for the caravans, killed 126 transport and about 50 military ships.
Within the framework of the "Amur Autumn" will be amateur film festival
From 10 to 12 September in Blagoveshchensk will pass the amateur film "KinAmur" within the framework of the "Amur autumn."
Local kinolubiteli will be able to take part in the master classes and shows the festival of theatre and cinema.
On September 10, the participants "KinAmura" will take part in the workshop of famous directors, creative meeting and showing the "short": "Man-good," "leaving in orange," "Arys-field."
On September 11, "Fire specpocaz will take place under the board" Amur director Semen Rudenko.
On September 12, will be the closing ceremony of the festival "KinAmur," which will be summed up and named the winners of the festival.
The amateur movies will be held on the nominations.
For the first time will participate cartoons: At the festival selected three animation films.
All participate in the festival of 11 authors.
The following year, its participants plan to exhibit at the Russian level, the press service of the city administration.
Recalling the very American ideal that labor rights are human rights
Congressmen Keith Ellison and John Lewis introduced a bill under which the unions is protected as a civil law.
"Where the unions, and the jobs of the middle class," says Ellison, Democrat of Minnesota, who is co-chairman of the Congressional Progressive Faction.
That is why I proudly represent Act to expand the rights of workers, together with the symbol of the movement for civil rights of John Lewis.
This pioneering bill would give workers the same legal opportunities for discrimination organization of trade unions and other forms of discrimination, stopping power union opponents
Changing the law on the regulation of labor relations so as to allow workers experiencing discrimination for participation in the organization of trade unions, to seek justice in civil courts - and receive compensation for damages and punitive payments - a sensible and necessary initiative.
However, it is certainly not the radical initiative - at least by American standards.
In fact, the best way to understand that offer Ellison, Lewis and co-authors of the bill is to remember a very American idea.
Despite the drubbing that the unions have been in recent years - in Wisconsin, Michigan and other states across the country - the Americans once supported countries around the world to adopt, expand and respect for human rights.
There was a time that still remember the millions of Americans, when this country simultaneously defended the democracy, freedom of speech, freedom of the press and the right to organize.
When the United States occupied Japan after World War II, General Douglas MacArthur and his assistants have helped the country to adopt the constitution, compiled so as to ensure that militarized autocracy Hideki той was replaced by democracy.
Fully aware that workers and their unions play a role in the formation of a new Japan, they included a text that explicitly acknowledged that "the right of workers to organize, and for negotiations, and the collective action is guaranteed."
When the United States occupied Germany after World War II, General Dwight David Eisenhower and his assistants have helped the Germans to write a constitution that guaranteed that the fascism of Adolf Hitler was replaced by a strong democracy.
Recognizing that workers will have to organize themselves and be heard in the new state, the Germans have included an article that openly stated: "The right to form associations to protect and improve labor and economic conditions will be guaranteed to every man and every profession or activity.
Agreements that restrict or seek to curtail this right will not have legal force; measures aimed at these goals will be recognized as illegal.
When former first lady Eleanor Roosevelt was the chairman of the International Commission on Human Rights, which amounted to the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, which in 1948 will be adopted by the United Nations as a global agreement, Roosevelt and the compilers have included a guarantee that "everyone has the right to organize and join trade unions for the protection of their interests."
Generations of Americans take for granted the basic position that labor rights are human rights.
When this country advised by other countries on how to create a civil and democratic society, Americans have explained that the right to organize unions - and to this union participated as an equal partner in collective bargaining with corporations and government agencies - must be protected.
Now that these rights are attacked in America, wisely, indeed, return to the American ideal that working people should have the right to organize and to make their voices heard in a free and open society.
The Reverend Martin Luther King, Jr. said fifty years ago:
The story is a great teacher.
Now everyone knows that the trade union movement has not undermined the forces of the nation, but increased them.
Raising the living standards of millions, the unions miraculously created the market for the industry and raised a whole nation to do the level of production.
Those who are attacking the unions, forget these simple truths, but history remembers them.
History remembers how should and to us.
The official recognition of labour rights as human rights - and the expansion of the protection of civil rights to prevent discrimination against union organization is long overdue.
Keith Ellison and John Lewis So the ideals that historically expanded America and made the promise of democracy a reality.
The judge temporarily blocks a law that could close all abort clinic in Louisiana
In the US, a federal judge on Sunday temporarily blocked the enactment of the Louisiana law, which his supporters say he is likely to close all five abortion clinics in the state.
According to this measure, which was signed by the governor of Louisiana, Bobby Gindl in June and had to enter into force on September 1, the doctors who do abortions, would be obliged to have the powers of the patients in the hospital within 30 miles of their practice.
Nevertheless, the judge's decision means that at the moment, doctors can continue to make legal abortion, while continuing to seek such powers.
"The complainants will be allowed to work legally, continuing to gain power," the judge wrote in his decision, John deGravelles.
The hearing will be scheduled within a month in which the judge bear a more permanent solution to this law.
Advocates of abortion rights gladly met this decision, the latest in a series of decisions against similar measures, saying that it will give doctors more time to receive hospital authority.
"Today's decision ensures that the women of Louisiana will be protected from an artful law that seeks to deprive their health and rights," said Nancy Northup, president and head of the Center for reproductive Rights, which filed a lawsuit to stop the law on behalf of three of the five state clinics.
It was not immediately clear whether the decision to doctors of the two clinics, which were not the plaintiffs in the case, and also filed an application for the reception.
Louisiana is included in the 11 states that have adopted similar laws, and the courts recently acknowledged such measures unconstitutional in Alabama and Mississippi.
Key parts of the Texas law that would shut down most of the remaining clinics in the state, were blocked by a federal judge on Friday.
Fighters for the right to an abortion, along with the American College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists and the American Medical Association say that the laws on the credentials of doctors to impose restrictions that are not necessary in terms of medicine.
Abortion opponents argue that such measures are aimed at protecting women's health, though some also noted their positive effect in closing clinics.
Only one doctor who makes abortions in Louisiana, there are powers at the hospital, according to the Center for reproductive rights.
If all the other doctors in the state will be forced to stop performing the procedure, the doctor, fearing for their safety, would cease to perform this procedure, the group said.
In criticizing the decision, Louisiana officials said that will not punish doctors doing abortions until their statements on the powers of the reception waiting for decisions.
What would the introduction of quotas on domestic products
At least half of the products for each product in the range of trading networks should be produced in Russia, according to State Duma deputy from the faction "Fair Russia" Oleg Nilov.
The parliamentarian has prepared a bill aimed at the introduction of protective measures against domestic manufacturers, writes the newspaper "Izvestia."
The document would still be detailsed to avoid potential discomfort for buyers.
This applies to goods that are not produced in Russia. <... > According to other groups of products that are produced in Russia, the retailer will have to provide at least half of their shelves to domestic producers, "Nilov told the publication.
Together with the amendments in the article "On the Fundamentals of state regulation of trading activity in the Russian Federation," the bill provides for the introduction of changes to the Tax Code regulating the slower rate of VAT to 10% of the products produced in Russia.
The idea to introduce a 50% percent quota in trading networks is included in the stimulus package for Russian producers.
On the shelves will appear in several times more domestic goods.
However, the initiative may have both positive and negative effect, experts say.
According to the lawyer of "Nalogovik," a member of the independent expert center "Public Duma" Sergey Litvinenko, for the Russian economy, as well as for the domestic agricultural and food industries, the effect will be positive in nature, and will lead to growth.
The float will be producers, farmers, small shops.
They will be able to sell more, and that means that profits will grow.
In addition, they will have the right to dictate retailers their conditions and prices, because they will be forced to buy their goods.
Russian producers will be able to increase its activities and sales, which would lead to pay higher taxes than before.
It will increase budget revenues, will create new jobs, some industry will begin to expand any faster becoming accustomed would be written contribution to GDP growth.
Russia's dependence on foreign food will fall in several times, though not immediately, "the expert said.
Earlier, Russian enterprises often could not break on the shelves of local shops due to high competition from foreign analogues.
Now, after the introduction of the embargo, this niche liberated and you can breathe a sigh of relief.
But do not forget that after all the necessary approvals and sanitary inspections on the Russian market will be food from Latin America, Turkey and Serbia.
In other words, it is now the "moment of silence" when the former players have already gone, and the new hasn't come.
Almost a month later, you can talk about the increased demand for domestic raw materials, as well as the growth of prices for finished products, "said АиФ.ru first vice-president of the Russian public organization" Russian club CFO, Tamara Kasyanov.
Clearly, the idea of selling in each category of at least 50% of Russian food products will help to consolidate the sector for local producers.
In this case, they will compete with each other, not with the goods that are at the expense of another state subsidies, are cheaper.
In other words, the struggle for the buyer will unfold between companies in the uniform laws of the industry.
On the other hand, says Kasyanov, Russian producers can meet 50% of the domestic needs of compatriots not in all aspects.
And in this situation, the trading networks will have to "dotyagivaty" share of Russian goods up to half of the range.
In this regard, fears are mounting that the counters will be substandard goods.
Perhaps, under the guise of produced in Russia will be supplied foreign products if the labels, "the expert added.
A negative effect from the introduction of quotas will find large retail chains, especially those that sell airline tickets to cooperate with importers.
It is logical that in this scenario will suffer and foreign suppliers, as demand for their products will decrease.
Litvinenko did not rule out that the law on quotas for domestic goods may affect consumers.
The fact is that some of the Russian-made products can assign the quality of imported analogues, while shops will be boosting prices on the second, both on a scarce commodity.
About-forgotten in the early 2000s, the idea of import substitution economists talking again in February this year because of the continuing devaluation of the ruble.
Now, against the backdrop of difficult relations with the West, the question of imported products becomes even more urgent.
The law is designed to oblige retailers on orders to suppliers to reckon with domestic producers.
Then we shall go much faster and more confident on the path of import substitution and production planning system for necessary types of products will be created in a shorter period of time, "says MP Oleg Nilov.
Especially effective mechanism will be quotas for those agricultural sectors where the potential is especially high, for example, in the dairy industry, where the share of imports accounted for 25%.
Our farmers are really able to fully cover the counters of Russian shops.
In addition, a powerful impulse can get and meat production.
As it is known, the largest share of imports is saved on beef - from 30% to 35%.
It turns out, 65-70% is still on Russian products, "says Kasyanov.
Experts believe that the introduction of quotas for domestic products will contribute to importozamegeniu and could accelerate the process.
However, importozamegeniu itself to this initiative will not, because it need a range of measures, Litvinenko believes.
In any case, 50% of the goods sold under this initiative can still be brought from abroad, which means full import substitution will not happen, but significant steps in this direction will be done.
Moreover, little set quotas, must still establish a production of domestic products to these quotas to perform.
These quotas just such guarantees and provide, "the expert concludes.
Time put diagnosis and lack of access to the optimal treatment mean that ovarian cancer in rural areas kills more
Angelina Jolie and her brother James published a video memory of their late mother, who died from ovarian cancer in 2007.
Women, proving in rural Australia, face a higher risk of death from ovarian cancer than those living in urban areas.
The researchers analyzed the maps of the disease more than 1,100 Australian women diagnosed with ovarian cancer "in 2005, finding that only 35 percent have lived five years after he was diagnosed.
A leading researcher Susan Jordan of the QIMR Berghofer Medical Research Institute reported that the probability of dying during the study by 20 percent higher for those who live in the regions and remote areas in the state than those who live in urban areas.
Small RESEARCH: New drugs can slow the lung cancer and ovarian cancer
The researchers have tracked the medical path of women for seven years.
Dr. Jordan said that the age of the women at the time of diagnosis, the type of ovarian cancer, the presence of current diseases and socioeconomic status also influenced the likelihood of survival.
Older women and those who have had cancer at a later stage at the time of diagnosis, had the lowest survival rates.
For those who lived in the regions or remote parts of the state, the probability of dying during the study was 20 percent higher than for those who lived in urban areas.
Although the study was not designed to determine why women living outside the cities, more likely to die from ovarian cancer, Dr. Jordan suggested that practiced the diagnosis and lack of access to the optimal treatment - the possible factors.
"This disease is best treated surgeons specializing in gynecological oncology, and they are mainly located in big cities," she said.
Despite the improvement in the quality of telemedicine services in order to reduce the influence of the distance, she suggested that an increase in the number of services at the check-out that will allow specialists to treat women closer to home, and support programs for people treated far from his home, may help.
Dr. Jordan said that regardless of the geographical position, the study found that the prolonged life expectancy among women with ovarian cancer was rare, stressing the need for more effective treatment and prevention strategies.
The study, financed by the Rio Tinto Ride to Conquer cancer, will be published today in the Medical Journal of Australia.
In March 2012, at the age of 33 years, a young mother with the Gold Coast Elisha Neave said that she had an aggressive form of ovarian cancer.
In September, in the Koner area of open doors new FAA
The construction of a medical institution in the village of Toctaybelyak was launched in April this year and was conducted on a replicable project.
The cost of works amounted to little more than 10 million rubles.
According to management of public relations and information of Mari El, funding for the construction of the object was carried out at the expense of the republican budget in accordance with the targeted investment program.
The total area built medical institution is almost 230 square meters.
It will provide medical aid to residents of eight localities: The village of Toctaybelyak and villages of Dementieva, Puncherumal, Tung, Foschi, Toraybelyak, Shiner and Cashcall.
The new growth-an obstetric point will replace the current FAP, the building of which was built in 1918 and has long been depleted its resource and its premises do not comply with sanitary and hygienic requirements.
The new institution will be opened in the near future.
Ubivshaya four month son driving novocheboksarca appears in court
A resident of Chuvashia will be in the dock for the murder of his own child.
In Cheboksary completed an investigation of the criminal case against the 31-year-old women Novocheboksarsk, the defender in minor death by negligence.
The investigation established that on July 26 this year, together with tetrahmesyachnsm obvinyaemaya son arrived at the celebration of the birth of a child of his Cumae in Cheboksary.
After a lengthy meal novocheboksarca decided to stay in the game and placed the baby to sleep.
When the night the baby woke up and began to cry like a woman put it beside him on the bed to feed the chest, but soon fell asleep.
During sleep, the woman navalis on his son, with the result that he died from suffocation.
The criminal case, the press service of the SU RS in Chuvashia, directed at the court.
Inflation came out of the vacation.
Whether the Russians feel a sharp price increases
As a result of cross-sanctions of the Russian Federation and the West will accelerate inflation in Russia and could not meet the forecasts of authorities, convinced analysts "VTB Capital."
According to experts, the deferred consequences of sanctions will lead to inflationary shocks in the first quarter of 2015, writes RBC Daily.
According to the latest forecast by the Ministry of Economic Development, in 2014, inflation will reach 6.5-7.5% next year and even less - 6.5%.
However, according to the newspaper "Kommersant" this week, the MED should make a "small but significant" changes in the macroeconomic forecast until 2017.
According to the publication, the agency could lower the estimate of inflation for 2015, which would eliminate the expected intended income growth.
The forecast assumed that food sanctions of Russia are a year - until August 2015.
In such a situation could assume such high inflation?
The current situation suggests a onetime shock, but downtrends inflation trend will not change, "said a source at the newspaper.
Economists of "VTB Capital" does not share the expectations of financial and economic bloc governments about inflation and predict price growth in 2014 at the level of 8%.
The main effect of food bans will come together with the possible introduction of a sales tax in the regions of the Russian Federation (GAP) in 2015, experts believe.
Inflation will peak at 9% in February, after which the annual rate of growth of prices will go on recession, experts believe.
Incidentally, last week, Rosstat summed the first inflationary results after Russia imposed a "neat sanctions."
АиФ.ru interviewed experts and found their inflation expectations.
Artem Dees, head of research at FC AForex:
Rising prices have already observed in key segments of the goods.
Moreover, when it began to appreciate the socially important products, the government was forced to launch the measures of systemic monitoring of price stability, in order to prevent the risks of unjustified price increases in the short term.
Suppliers and retailers already report on a daily basis before regulators that the authorities know exactly who, when and for what reason will trigger higher prices.
The key factors for the growth of the consumer price index remain colossal pace of capital flight, the excessive refinancing of the banking sector by the Russian supervisor, internal conversion because of the flight of foreign currency, as well as an embargo on the import of food products from countries that joined the sanctions against Russia.
If inflationary pressures remained under control, the cost of a basket of the minimum set of products would have jumped by 12% for the quarter alone.
The ban on the import of food products provoked shock proposals on the domestic market and resulted in a completely logical raise the ultimate cost.
Because at this stage we cannot fully run the mechanism of import substitution, as well as to increase self-sufficiency of the Russian market at the expense of domestic production, retaliatory sanctions will continue to bear the risks of rising inflationary component.
If you add and fiscal reasons related to the lack of confidence in the national currency, as well as worsen growth prospects, by the end of this year, inflation could exceed 8%.
Alexander Razuvaev, director of research at "Alpari."
In the 1990s, inflation sometimes reached 20-30% per month, at zero, it was also higher than the current level, on the other hand, then it is offset by rapid economic growth.
I think at the end of the year, inflation will reach 8-8.5%.
Platon Magut, managing assets of the Criminal Code of the Fund "Maguta"
The external factor associated with sanctions against Russia, while successfully constrained, but if there is a further intensification of pressure, especially in the financial sector - it may lead to certain difficulties and increase the population's inflationary expectations, which usually traditionally manifested in purchases of cash currency in order to protect their savings.
It can be assumed that the government, the Central Bank of the Russian Federation and the Ministry of Finance will soften the continuous weakening of the ruble, as market methods and government regulation.
But the growth of prices traditionally begins after the summer lull, and perhaps this autumn will become more tangible.
The target level of consumer inflation in Russia at 7.5%, most likely will weather since Russia has more financial savings.
Sadovodcheskie centers grieve from reducing the number of homeowners
This fall, due to the reduction in the number of homeowners aged less than 35 years, may cause sadovodcheskie centers will begin to lose tens of millions of pounds a year, when today's young consumers "reached the age of gardening," according to a survey by the HTA, which told the Financial Times.
According to this report, people relieve housing, spend an average of 55 percent of the amount that the owners of their own houses spend on gardening.
It is an increase in the number of people living in vysokourbanizirovan areas without gardens, the popularity of asphalting yards in front of the house for parking and reducing the size of the garden as other factors bearing a threat for the industry, whose annual sales volume of an estimated £5 billion.
In Greater London, where the number of homeowners fell from 61 percent to 43 percent in six years, the lowest in the UK, the level of spending on goods for gardeners in the household.
HTA and Royal sadovodchescoe Society reported that rental housing and the lack of space for the garden does not mean that people cannot grow plants.
Guy Barter Theatre, the chief adviser for gardening at the RHS, said: "The cultivation of plants in containers, for example, is particularly popular with tenants who can carry the plants with him when the move."
The HTA has defined the period between 1997 and 2005 as the "golden age" of retail trade in goods for gardening as a result of the increase in the number of homeowners and economic prosperity since the late 1980s to mid-1990s.
It also said that the market will improve this year thanks to more good weather after the adverse conditions in March and April last year.
The Ministry of Agriculture of Bulgaria conducted a massive purge in the fund "Zemledelie"
Three of the four chiefs of the fund "Zemledelie" were replaced by another on Friday.
In total, three of the four chiefs of the fund "Zemledelie" were replaced by another on Friday.
Officially, the Ministry of Agriculture of Bulgaria reported only about the departure from the post of executive director of Berlin Dobrev.
His place took Lozana Vasileva.
It turned out that on Friday the quietly were superseded and two of the three deputy executive directors of the fund.
Liberated Deputy Executive Director Tatiana Angela, which until then was responsible for state aid and SAPARD program, BGNES reports with a reference to the newspaper "Trud."
I did not attend the Board of Governors Fund, because by law, we are not members of the leadership, but later told me that I was liberated.
I can't say why about my dismissal is not reported on the Web site of the fund.
I'm on vacation.
I hope that I learn more on Monday, "said the Angels.
Her place will take Ivanka Bagdatova, which until now has been head of the "Investment credited" in the central fund in "Zemledelie" in Sofia.
He was also relieved Deputy Executive Director Nikolai Dachev.
Before that, he was responsible for direct subsidies for the fields paid into the EU.
In its place will be appointed Живко there, who was head of the Regional Directorate Fund "Zemledelie" in the city of Veliko Tarnovo until January 2014.
His office has retained only the deputy head of the fund from Atidje Aliyev.
Currently, she is responsible for the development of rural areas.
The official cause of all the changes in the agency are not mentioned.
Turkey is the American diplomat in connection with the message of espionage
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Turkey caused the most high-ranking American diplomat in the country for clarifications in connection with the report of the American and British espionage in Turkey.
The deputy prime minister Bulent reported that the U.S. attorney in the affairs and Turkish officials discussed the message on Monday.
The German magazine "Der Spiegel" and online magazine "The Intercept" reported that the documents provided by former US National Security Agency analyst Edward Snowden, show that Turkey was a priority target of intelligence for American and British intelligence services.
According to the Turkish news agencies, Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan's the importance of this message, saying that all of the country's leading spying each other.
Previously soobgavshayasya information about what the main intelligence agency of Germany also made Ankara an object of intelligence, sparked more outcry response from the Turkish government.
The largest Chinese companies have united against Alibaba
Chinese companies, including China's largest commercial real estate developer Dalian Wanda Group and internet giants Tencent Holdings (our, messenger, etc.) and Baidu (the largest Chinese search engine), creating a company that will compete in the market of online trade with Alibaba.
However, catch up with the miracle of the Chinese Internet, which left behind even their American rivals - eBay and Amazon.com, will not be easy.
The Union largest
The company plans to invest in a joint venture of 5 billion yuan ($814 million), 70% of it will belong to Wanda and by 15% - each of the Internet companies, according to Wanda Group.
Register a company is planned in Hong Kong.
The JV will unite search service Baidu with popular social platform WeChat (the largest socnet in China, where the number of users is about 438 million people), Tencent and Wanda infrastructure.
In addition to a network of 40 luxury hotels group Wanda manages at least 49 objects of commercial real estate throughout China and 40 shopping centers.
Last year, the company has invested more than 50 billion yuan ($8 billion) in the construction of the film studio and theme park attractions in Qingdao (a city in eastern China on the shore of the Yellow Sea).
It is expected that the project will attract more than 1 million visitors annually and generate profits at the level of $960 million.
Besides Wanda belongs to the American network of cinemas seconds Entertainment Holdings, which makes the company the largest operator of cinemas in the world.
By 2015, Wanda plans to equip all its shopping centers, hotels and places of entertainment services, e-commerce, the development of which will just created by rival Alibaba.
According to Dong Ce, who will lead the new company, thanks to the unification of the Wanda will be able to increase the number of users of its e-commerce services from the current 40 million to 100 million by next year.
The new playground should become the world's largest online-to-offline platform, says Dong ce.
The essence of the online-to-offline (O2O) commerce is to attract buyers on the Internet so that they came to the usual offline-shops or bought other traditional services.
A classic example is O2O services for the sale of coupons like Groupon or Vigoda.ru.
"O2O is the largest" cake "in online commerce," said Wanda leader Wang Jianlin (a quote by Bloomberg).
"Now this O2O platform in China does not exist, and in this situation, the chances of roughly equal," he said.
The Chinese e-commerce market is the largest in the world, and, according to McKinsey & Co., its volume will increase more than three times by 2015 compared with 2011, to $395 billion.
The number of Chinese Internet users rose to 632 million, Bloomberg data official statistics: It is more than the population of any country in the world, with the exception of India.
And according to forecasts, by 2015, that number could grow to 850 million people.
The richest Union
The head of Tencent Ma Huateng until recently was the richest man in China, however, according to the index of millionaires Bloomberg, Alibaba founder Jack Ma has already surpassed its $5.5 billion.
Condition of Jack Ma is estimated at $21.8 billion, of which $11 billion fall to its stake in Alibaba.
Baidu leader Robin Li now ranks third among the richest people in China, while Wang Jianlin of Wanda - the fourth line rating.
"This fight is very interesting to see: The three richest person combine efforts to challenge even more rich," said Bloomberg, director of the Chinese Center for the Study of e-commerce in Hangzhou Cao Lay.
But he believes that the new company is unlikely to seriously compete with Alibaba immediately after creating: "Rome cannot be built in one day."
That with Alibaba not so - that simply compete not only new companies, but also deserved the leaders of the world of Internet commerce, is published on the eve of a report on the Alibaba financial results for the last quarter.
Alibaba is often described as something between eBay and Amazon.com, but from April to June, the Chinese company earned more than both of its American rival combined.
Alibaba's net profit for the period of almost two times higher than the same indicator summed competitors - she grew almost three times year-on-year and amounted to $1.99 billion.
"Alibaba still has tremendous potential to generate money, largely thanks to its mobile apps," commented Bloomberg report analyst of Hong Kong's Arete Research Service.
In the updated Alibaba avenue on the website of the Commission for Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), the number of active mobile users of the company's services in July totaled 188 million, significantly exceeds the March figure (163 million).
While 32.8% of all transactions Alibaba over the past quarter was forced to mobile devices.
Alibaba has called the cost of its shares before the IPO.
According to the average estimate of 11 analysts surveyed by Bloomberg, the company may be assessed at $187 billion after the sale of shares.
According to the sources of Bloomberg, Alibaba debut on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) may already be held on September 16.
Road-show company, preceding the event starts on September 3.
It is expected that the output of the Alibaba IPO will become a record in the history of the NYSE and will allow the company to raise about $20 billion.
So far, the record for the amount of funds raised on US stock exchanges belonged to the Visa payment system, which in 2008 conducted a primary placement of its shares, earning $17.9 billion.
At least half of the food products in retail chains should be produced in Russia, believe the deputies of the Duma.
They have developed a bill on the subject.
It is about making changes to Article 8 of the Law "On the Fundamentals of state regulation of trading activity in the Russian Federation" and in the Tax Code.
The goal of the document is the introduction of protective measures against Russian food producers.
Important clarification, according to the bill, not less than 50 percent of the products of domestic production in the shops should be for each product.
However, the document will be taken into account that there are items that are not manufactured in Russia, for example, vegetables and fruits in the winter, so they will be made "discount" to avoid potential discomfort for buyers.
At the same time the draft law is making a change in the Tax Code of the Russian Federation, establishing slower rate of VAT at the rate of 10% with the implementation of all food products, the country of origin which is Russia, according to the newspaper "Izvestia."
On August 27, in the lower house of parliament was introduced a draft law on amendments to the Law "On retail markets," which offers to revive Russia farm markets in which small manufacturers will be able to sell their products.
The police Magaluf charged with corruption
The plaintiffs presented evidence of extortion on the part of the police and officials of the municipality Calvi in the office of public prosecutor Mallorca on Friday.
Police chief Calvi on the resort island of Mallorca was arrested as a result of corruption charges on the part of businessmen and owners of bars in the scandalously famous heart of rampant drunkenness Magaluf.
The chief inspector Jose Antonio Navarro was placed into custody as a result of the corruption charges brought against him by several businessmen from Punta Ballena, streets, where the majority of bars and nightclubs Magaluf.
According to the daily online edition of Diario Mallorca, the plaintiffs presented evidence of extortion on the part of the police and municipal officials in the office of the prosecutor Calvi anti-corruption Mallorca on Friday.
Another two local police officers were arrested guardians National Guard of Spain in connection with charges of corruption and will be interrogated judge along with Navarro.
The Spanish daily newspaper ABC reported that disaffected owners of nightclubs say that protectionism on the part of the authorities seriously reflected on the state of their business.
"It is no longer about how to earn money, it is about how to survive," said the court one of the businessmen.
You cannot jeopardize our sources of existence.
We have nothing to lose.
Magaluf got in the international press this summer after a popular video on YouTube in which he was shown an 18-year-old British campers, himself fellatio on 24 men during a race in bars.
Since then, the island's authorities are trying to stop hooliganism driving among vacationers Magaluf readable to minimize the number of scandalously famous alcoholic run in bars.
In addition, the Playhouse club, where the incident occurred with mint, was forced to close for a year, while Playhouse and the organizers of the race in bars Carnage together were fined for €55,000 ($73000).
The tourist resort Magaluf mainly popular among young British vacationers, was also a place of numerous accidents while intoxicated, associated with the crazy pastime, known as "balconing" when people jump from one balcony to another or from a balcony in the hotel pool.
The first day of spring marked by wet and veteral conditions that resulted in flights at Adelaide Airport
Spring prepared cold surprise in the south of South Australia, bringing heavy rains and strong winds, which affected flights at Adelaide Airport.
Another 5 mm of rain fell on the city in the evening to 9 p.m., following 6.6 mm, which occurred during the night of Sunday.
The latest rain was preceded by a pair of short rains with porsvistsm wind, including rain later that nachalalasy shortly before 8 p.m. and vylila almost 4 mm for about 10 minutes.
After the winter issued an early spring of last week, the temperature fell again on Monday to a high of just 15,8C in the city.
Shkvalistse conditions is believed to have served as one of the reasons for the delay of Virgin Airlines flight from Melbourne to Adelaide.
The plane was scheduled to land just after 7: 30 p.m., but got into a zone of wind shear is a sudden change of wind direction or speed in the short distance - and was forced to gain height.
Wind gusts reached 50 km / h on the ground at Adelaide Airport at this time.
Flight data showed that the plane had to gain height during the second landing, and the plane eventually landed around 8: 40 pm.
The delay of this flight caused the subsequent delay of several other flights, including the Emirates flight from Dubai and Qantas flight from Sydney.
Maximum Jeep is projected in Adelaide on Tuesday with the probability of one or two heavy rains.
The estimate of construction projects in the Russian Federation will occur in a new way
Questions of pricing, regulation of the construction industry, as well as the problem of connecting to the Federal Antimonopoly Service takes on a special control.
The FAS created the advisory council for the development of competition in the construction sector.
At its meeting, the head of management control utilities, construction and natural resources of the FAS Vadim Solovyov said that "the current calculation estimates construction objects is absolutely incomprehensible."
The regulatory framework makes pricing opaque and could lead to frivolous price of construction, believe in FAS.
And offer the cost of construction of state property at the design stage to determine on the basis of market prices constructive solutions instead of applied today estimated norms and singular tariffs for technological operations.
These proposals made in the "road map" and are now being reviewed by the Common.
"The replacement of the traditional estimate documentation in the construction of settlements on the constructive elements should lead to a lesser corruption in the industry," explained "RSL" Vadim Solovyov.
It is now in the estimate of the final players' rankings every bolt and nut, and it is not always possible to check everything, so sometimes in the documentation unscrupulous construction companies can cope "entire tractor."
The Common with FAS agree.
"The groundwork for a transition to a calculation of the value of the constructive elements already have: Developed a methodology for the calculation of prices for constructive solutions, budgeting for these indicators," "RSL" head of city planning activities and architecture (Minstroi Elena Zhukov.
As a pilot selected the sphere of road construction.
However, experts believe that the problem is much more serious.
As told "RSL" head of a construction company "Profi-Invest" Anatoly Demian, estimated regulations already obsolete, but another business mechanism hasn't asked.
"As for the proposed settlements for constructive elements, in practice, it is difficult to work as during the construction of the buildings are often very different technologies," he said.
It is no secret that stroyrynoc is largely thanks to goszakazu.
According to the chairman of the board of NP "Online expert community procurement professionals," Catherine Lezina, now the state is the most effective customer.
Principal engineering industry center of capital construction of Rosatom Vladimir Malakhov drew attention to the fact that today the market conditionally divided into companies, which have access to a portfolio of contracts, and the companies owning monopolies competence and not subject to this field of competitors.
He believes that the creation of a transparent market is possible only under the condition that access to contracts will be surrounded by as much as possible from someone's managing impacts.
The expert council was asked to form a procurement system in such a way that one and the same contractor may not receive more than one contract worth more than $1 billion rubles, or several contracts worth more than $1 billion rubles.
The Common believe that this approach should be evaluated in terms of the impact on the business, as well as construction management efficiency.
As explained by Elena Zhukov, in this case, you will need to endow the functions of the restoration, which will lead to an increase in the number of customer and budget expenditures on its contents.
The specialists of the customer will have the knowledge to assess the quality of the work performed by contractors, as well as their security.
Often when such a breakdown will be necessary to determine who will be responsible for the security of the object as a whole.
In addition, this approach may result in the outflow of highly qualified members of the government purchases in relation to nezainteresovanity in obtaining public order on the partial volume of works and a small amount of the contract.
The deputy head of the Advisory Center of the Institute of Procurement Alexander Evstashenkov believes that the procurement procedure now turned into a business game on the attentiveness of the contractor.
And gave this example: "The participant when filling out the application must specify" concrete results "without specifying the words:" Or the equivalent, "" should, "" from "" more, "" less, "" analogy, "" or "" type, "" the same type, "not" below, "" lower, "" higher, "" could, "" may, "" might, "" previously, "" not earlier, "" higher, "" not allowed, "etc.
Thus, customers often abused their right to establish requirements for the contents of the application of contractors.
Another problem for 44-FZ, according to Evstashenkova, was the need to estimate is still at the stage of filing the quality of work through a "paper" proposal.
In considering the application participant, really can be assessed only qualified contractor, but not the quality of the works, the execution of which has not even started, "said the expert.
The quality of the works can be assessed only when their acceptance.
The expert council was also asked to postpone a margin income from the top to the bottom echelon to vanish intermediate contractors.
Chairman of the Expert Council, State Secretary of the espionage FAS Andrei Tsarikovsky believes that this should not be done, as responsible for order should genpodryadchik.
And as in the famous reprise Arkady Raikin "atelier": "The puge claims there?."
Israeli children return to school after the war in the Gaza Strip
Thousands of Israeli children in areas close to the Gaza Strip again went to school on Monday after a summer in bombproof shelters when the missiles and mines the rain fell on their settlements during the 50-day war between Israel and Hamas, while schools in the Gaza Strip were closed during the territory was recovering after the fighting.
The school has brought a sense of joy and excitement affected by the missile settlements of southern Israel, but traces of hostilities remained fresh.
In the southern city of Ashdod kindergarten employees "Pashos," in which hit a rocket, removing traces of debris from walls and butts before the advent of the disciples.
"We are a little bit afraid, but happy to look into the future," said Bart Ronit, a resident of Kibbutz Saad and English teacher at his school.
Many of the children in our district really need to return to a quiet life.
Her 11-year-old daughter, Bart Shany, said that suddenly again begin to go to school, "a little strange."
"It was a difficult time, and we don't get out of their houses," she said.
International President Rivlin visited Kibbutz, which is located near the border with the Gaza Strip to express their support.
Before the cease-fire stopped the war last week, thousands of residents of border settlements, such as Saad, not out on the street or fled their homes, having left to safer areas further from the Gaza Strip to escape the rocket and minuet fire.
Many residents Nahal Oz, a village near the border with the Gaza Strip, where Palestinian splinter mines killed a 4-year-old boy, doubt that they should go back.
The Ministry of Education reported that about a dozen families still not returned.
Their children were sent to other schools at this time.
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu visited a school in Sderot, a town on the border with the Gaza Strip, which strongly postaradal from Palestinian fire.
He advised the children diligently learns and said: "We will do everything possible to give you the knowledge and ensure your safety."
Israel and Hamas have agreed to a permanent truce last Tuesday.
An agreement on a cease-fire immediately put an end to combat operations, but key issues remain unresolved, for example, the requirement of Hamas to remove Egypt-Israeli blockade of Gaza and the opening of airports and sea ports in the Gaza Strip.
Israel wants Hamas folded his arms and returned the bodies of two Israeli soldiers killed in the war.
It is expected that the new stage of indirect negotiations will begin later this month in Egypt.
The war killed more than 2,100 Palestinians, among them three-quarters were civilians, and at least 494 children, according to the Palestinian side and the UN.
Israel disputes these figures and claims that at least half of the dead were militants; nevertheless, he did not provide substantial evidence to prove this statement.
On the Israeli side killed 66 soldiers and six civilians, including one Thai worker.
During the fighting, Hamas and other Gaza militants released 4591 unit of missiles and mines on Israeli towns, mostly in the south of the country.
The Israeli army, meanwhile, has spent more than 5,000 aerial and other attacks.
As a result of the Israeli attacks were damaged and destroyed thousands of houses in the Gaza Strip, and an estimated 250,000 people have found refuge in more than 100 schools that were converted into shelters.
Due to the fact that tens of thousands of people were still in shelters, and the fighting continued, officials responsible for education, last week delayed the beginning of the school year.
"I hope that the school will open soon, so that we can finish our education as children around the world and Jewish children," said Mohammad Amara, a 13-year-old boy, who now lives in one of Gaza's schools.
According to the popular criterion of real estate prices showed the largest winter growth in seven years.
Home price index RP Data CoreLogic Hedonic for housing prices in the Australian capital grew by 1.1 percent in August, said the RP data on Monday.
This growth has led to a cumulative increase for June, July and August at 4.2 percent, a major increase during the winter months since 2007.
Annual growth was 10.9 percent, more than twice as much as the growth in the 12 months to August 2013, but the increase was not evenly distributed across the country.
RP Data research director Tim Lawless said that Sydney and Melbourne lead duplex market.
RP Data figures show that in Sydney house prices grew by 16.1 percent over the last year, while in Melbourne - by 11.7 percent.
The following the power of markets were Adelaide, Brisbane and Darwin, where prices on average rose from five to six percent.
At the other end of the scale was Canberra, where Odysseus when planning holidays, government spending cuts, where prices rose by just 1.4 percent for the year.
Mr Lawless said that now that the spring began, there will be an increase in the number of properties for sale in the next few months, which would be a "real test" for the market.
"Given the current high level of speed of auction sales, the high speed of sales and current conditions with a low interest rate, it is likely that the cost of housing is still grow over the next three months," he said.
How people live in the old house of Ufa
In the former home of gold industrialists and gornozavodchikov Evdokya and his son Ivan Preserve on the street of the October Revolution, 57 / 1 (former Great Kazan) 18 apartments.
The house of the 18th century since the building virtually unchanged, except vetche.
Extraneous people go here, both on the tour, and the tenants are suffering more than rejoice from its privileges - the right to live in the oldest Ufa house, whose walls remember commander Alexander Suvorov.
The date of the house amongst others, historians point to two dates - 1730 and 1737 years.
But in any case, it turns out that the building nearly 300 years.
The old yard, always open the door, the squeaky staircase.
The doors in the apartments are located close to each other, the walls are cracked and prove from peeling plaster is visible in the street.
It seems that everything is kept on the basis of good faith.
But local people say: "You don't think it is."
Living in a wooden house of the 18th century is very difficult, "says Tatiana 1961, a resident of the apartment No. 3.
The object is located at gosohrane, but the money for its content is not allocated tens of years and we feel museum exhibits, which the authorities simply forgotten.
The last renovation was 40 years ago.
The walls still thin-stick poorly, but the foundation of the entire progn.
Many tenants still go to the toilet on the street, and washed once a week in a public bath.
How can we be satisfied in such conditions?!
The road passes directly under the windows, even the pedestrian zone is not present.
Tatiana postpones the curtain.
It now appears that until then had only heard: Under the windows is the flow of cars.
You see, glass drebezjat constantly, cannot open the windows, and the noise are accustomed.
The man did everything gets used to the good and bad.
Our apartment is still a top, thanks to her husband, the hands of his gold.
Moreover, two rooms with us, live together with his son.
And the other families, the conditions are much worse on the second floor of the ceiling at slightly more than 1.5 meters in height.
In contrast, Tatyana offers to go to visit the roommate of the apartment No. 6 Lyudmila Starostina.
A pleasant and friendly woman with threshold offers a cup of coffee with a sad smile and says:
We have a one-bedroom apartment, 14.5 m ² on four people and live: We are with her husband and daughter with his granddaughter.
I am here since its birth, the other dwellings had never - Ludmila obvodit eyes room: Mezzanine, two sofas with the letter "g"; one of them is granddaughter with a laptop.
Very closely and differs little from the usual domestic interior: Only beautiful ceilings, "historical."
But with the ceiling regularly flows: Plumbing system worn.
Lyudmila says about his apartment conventionally and surprising at the same time as the Italian, whose house is on the Roman ruins.
The reduces in one very old and recent, everyday and legendary:
Plumbing spent about 40 years ago, during the last repair.
At the same time made us a small kitchen in common-- cute and toilet from the former.
We live in a time where the palace its headquarters Demidov with family, lived on the second floor of the servants.
Our apartment is not privatized, and why?
In the real estate of Ufa say privatization irrelevant.
Still get only one-room apartment, cannot qualify for more.
Already four months ago, we were promised, but further promises it does not matter.
Not used to complain and will not.
In this apartment (room!) lived an entire dynasty: My grandparents, my mom and dad, I'm with my husband and my daughter with her granddaughter.
Everything happened during this time.
For example, vigorous rats ran in the kitchen.
Look at the walls of the annex, they meter thickness!
They say that the solution was implicated in the eggs, however lasts so long.
The house built thoroughly, thanks to Demidov!
Perhaps, but so far nobody killed obrushivshimsya ceiling or svey.
Only the building still slowly dies in our eyes: Planks and log houses are rotting, floors have repeatedly failed, we have drenched cement, but everything is useless - a solution goes into the ground as well.
They say, and there is under our room was less and move to the White River, which specially made once lived here old Believers to take shelter from the danger, in which case.
Harassed them.
Lyudmila Stomatuk tells how it came some historian, pleaded to let that he began digging in the apartment.
And then urged to give them housing space in exchange for its odnu in October.
Lyudmila historian refused:
Where we vchetverom in odnu?
And here, though there is a tiny hope that will give more public housing.
We agree on the exchange, nothing would no longer win.
However, the family Starostin nothing and didn't win.
The biggest dream of their Suburban Region, and daughter with a 16-year-old his granddaughter gave a separate room.
The two families were given two-room apartment rather than the most majestic ruins, in which two generations live now.
Cute, miniature girl Olesya Karsakov apartments of No. 11 and 12 shows the second floor of the house.
There in two cramped squeezed into airless apartments with a total area of 23 m ², called apartments, lives with her large family.
All of us seven people, two children.
See for yourself what conditions.
Plaster otvalivaetsya slices and window frames, within the walls in the kitchen and in the rooms of cross-cutting holes.
The water in the year-round Palm only cold.
Walking about the apartments of the old houses of Ufa, you can be sure that the most fortunate spouses of Lavrentyev apartment No. 4.
They occupy the most spacious rooms on the first floor.
You are right, a lot!
The premises in 75 squares, spelled out three people.
We live in those rooms, where the legend stopped Suvorov during his stay in Ufa, "says the head of the family, Alexander Dmitrievich Lavrentyev.
The high ceilings, spacious.
One bad - everything is sputtering, falling apart, is crumbling.
The neighbors probably already told!
Most of the suffering we have with the sexes: Wooden planks gnili, the land literally went from under the feet.
I put stabilizers, wedges; there is nothing, and in another room walk as acess swings, so everything was not cemented.
The merchant's house Evdokya Preserve Alexander Dmitrievich can tell better than any guide.
The zolotopromyshlenniku applies to both native, says about it with admiration.
Indeed, the personality was fantastic: The owner of Kagin and new plants built houses, tidal guns and bells, kept Ural mines.
The heirs of real estate ancestor proud of, but to live under the same roof with a history of no longer want.
I lived here as a child, in the 40 years of the 20th century, "says Alexander Dmitrievich.
Then stood around the wooden rooms for Kyiv, stables and sentry, seized later.
In 1968, wanted to remove and our home, but something prevented...
The same story was repeated in 2014: Manilla again new housing.
We, as the team gathered all the documents necessary obegal resort, and suddenly learned that moving into the apartment is transferred in 2015 or 2016.
Something already does not believe in all this...
Two years ago, Lavrentyev went to the Ministry of Culture of the Republic of Bashkortostan, to learn about the fate of the house.
The occupier officials did not accepted.
Sent from one table to another, and then as a mockery, the paper issued without the signature and print: "The Ministry of Culture is not objecting to the resettlement of residents."
I even had a feeling that our house is not long ago in terms of the city, because when he was at number 57, then became 57 A, now 57 / 1.
As if it already demolished in the 1970s.
"The Russian planet" turned to the head of the sector information-analytical work for Land Resources of Ufa Vladimir Barabash.
The house on the street of the October Revolution, 57 / 1 is included in the resettlement of dilapidated housing.
I cannot be responsible for the actions of officials of the 1970s, just know that at the time there was a plan for demolishing all the old houses, despite the historical significance.
Fortunately, this has not happened, and the decision of the authorities is to restore all the old house on the street of the October Revolution, representing the architectural value is successfully implemented.
Residents were planned soon for the new apartments.
According to Barbash, restoring Preserve House will be Italian experts who participated in the restoration of buildings in Venice.
Now in Italy passes architectural Biennale, and the project "Old Ufa" presented there, among others.
I hope that by 2016, the former Old Kazan street will be restored, "the official said.
The house will get a proper appearance, a fact that was earlier, three centuries ago.
House Preserve is likely to become a museum, open to all comers.
In addition, the level of government decided to make the pedestrian street at the weekend.
On weekdays, unfortunately, does not get too much workload of roads in the city.
People were from the future of the museum Vladimir Barabash promises in 2015.
However, it is unlikely they will be happy: Their new apartments will be the same area as the current.
Only from another era.
In Primorye because of the storm began wildfire
The storm caused the dry forest fire on the territory of the hunting district gate in Pozharsky district of Primorsky Territory.
On the site of the ignition is escalating grouping of forces and resources.
According to the leadership of the CGSB Primorskaya "Air" with on-site fire conditions require the involvement of aviation forces.
Vasily Medvedev, deputy chief of the Canal:
The fire caused by difficult terrain, discovered the flyer-observer aboard a patrol aircraft AN-2 on an area of 3 hectares.
Burn wood residues on the old gorelnike.
A strong zahlamlennosty territory and the steepness of the slope for more than 45 degrees, the lack of suitable for planting commandoes-fire sites create significant difficulties in putting out.
A helicopter Mi-8.
Delivery of the existing forces at the disposal of the base by helicopter Mi-2 and An-2 plane very difficult.
After discovering the fire extinguishing in place were promptly planted 4-jumpsuit firefighters.
The main task of the experts is to extinguish a fire and preparing the ground for the delivery of additional forces and firefighting tools.
In the afternoon in the district of the village of Hunting helicopter additionally delivered 3 Airborne Troops celebration-firefighters.
Once the playground for landing a helicopter in the area of the fire will be ready, the specialists will be transferred to the fight, according to the website of the Primorsky Krai.
Lenny Henry: My father never hugged me.
Never said: "I love you"
Henry was one of seven children born into a family of immigrants from Jamaica in Dudley in the West Midlands in 1958.
His father, who died when Henry was 19, worked in a factory, and their relations were limited.
Henry is rehearsing the comedy, "Rare records Rudi," which is partly based on imaginary conversations with his father and grew out of a series of broadcasts on Radio 4.
The soundtrack is a mix of reggae and rap, and the melody is resilient.
However, Henry had to get through some difficult memories of childhood.
After the death of his mother was "a lot" of treatment, moreover, Henry often reflects on the relationship with his father.
He was very inaccessible.
You never saw his face, you just heard his voice: "Don't make noise.
Lag behind the sisters.
Man made no response!
I want to watch cricket.
My older brothers Seymour and Hilton, who were adults when I was a child, went with him in the pub and talked about such things as a form of beer glasses, the beauty of the strike in cricket.
I never talked to him so not.
He was so neulybchivym guy in the corner, who read the newspaper for most of my life.
Henry recently opened the casting workshop in Dudley and, although the conditions were better than in the days of his father, he was able to look at what must have been his life.
Now there is a little bit better, but it is dark, dense, deep labyrinths' netherworld with flashes of fire and smoke and soot heap.
My father salal in the bath and just lay there, and you heard how he slowly begins to sing about himself because he wanted to notate from a foundry workshop.
When I came back, I realized that he did it for years and years to earn us on food, and I began to appreciate him more.
Nevertheless, Henry came out of childhood deprived of parental love.
My father never hugged, never said: "I love you."
Only when her mother became ill at the end of her life, we began to say: "I love you, I love you, I love you.
The birth of her own daughter, Billy, from Don French, allowed him to share the love with which he lacked in childhood.
You can stop it, "I love you"?
Just don't hug me!
Dad, I'm 22!
The Don French.
Why would I not make friends with her?
She's a great mother
They are still great friends with French, on which he has been married for 25 years.
Don is a good man.
Why would I not make friends with Don?
She's a great mom.
The mother of Henry was diabetes.
He was one of the fact that killed her.
So, when I really, really got better and I had symptoms of diabetes, my doctor said, "you have to take radical measures.
Then I started serious fitensom classes, and I also had to sit on a strict diet to get rid of the symptoms.
It is very difficult.
And it is boring.
No one eats carrots.
A change of career trajectory Henry reflected, perhaps in his noble, briefly podstrigennoy borde.
Since he received the recognition of critics for his Othello, he completely sank into the theater.
Followed Comedy "errors," and then "Polyvinyl chloride" August Wilson.
This work differs from sitcoms and comedies that were an integral attribute of his eventful professional life.
He began his career, when he was 16 and worked at the factory.
DJ noticed how he parodies on the stage, and wrote about it in "New faces."
His career in television began in the mid-seventies: "Quite a long time I was the only black parodist / comic on television."
He studied at work.
I not only had to grow up in front of the audience, I had to learn how to be an effective vehicle for delivering jokes between 1975 and 1985, as a star, working on television, and it was very difficult.
Lenny in "New faces" in 1975
As his manager had the rights to show "Black and White minstrels," a light entertainment program in which people carnal "a person," Henry discovered that stands in it for five years.
My family is not liked.
I'm, like, I want to make this never happened to me, but I do not regret that I did it.
Although it was a strange, worthy of condemnation position, I worked on large venues and went to work with the crowd.
But what was "Locus awards light entertainment classics on British television for years and years," and was "a grotesque parody of black people."
Presenting characters who were bullying culture of blacks in the UK, and chanted her, Henry worked in a welcome alternative project in the 1980s.
The first season of "The Lenny Henry" was broadcast in 1984, and in the 1990s he was known as, among other things, the chef Gareth Blacklock of the comedy series "Steward!."
Commercials, documentaries, TV shows and roles in the movie took the following ten years of his life, but after his series on the BBC in 2008, "LennyHenry.tv," he thought: "What are you going to do next, Len, because some think that you have the time or quietly at the side."
Then there was a series of documentary broadcasts on Radio 4 called "What's good...?"
The first was about Shakespeare.
I had a real allergy to Shakespeare.
That is not to say that I really learned it at school, and I thought that it is, in many ways, the prerogative of white middle-class people from the town and cabbage at the bottom of the front.
So I'm very afraid of him.
Everything from whom we interviewed for transmission, Peter Hall, Trevor Nunn, Adrian Lester, Judy Dench, said: "You have to try.
Not rugs it, as long as you don't know what you are talking about.
Set aloud some of these words, and you will understand why we still love Shakespeare.
Henry read 20 rows from the last monologue Othello for the transfer of the documentary, and his zatepilo.
I had the feeling that I can do it.
Like my head provide.
"That's what it is, it is a serious matter, oting seriously, learn your text, spend a little research.
So, the process of rehearsals was tough, and I read this play months and months before we put it.
And she had a success.
It seemed that they were waiting for the catastrophe, but it did not happen.
Soon we started a "comedy of errors."
Suddenly I was at the National Theatre, and I just couldn't believe it until the end.
There was one moment when I thought, "Oh, you're changed."
There was a technical problem, and Henry instinctively felt that his job is to entertain the audience.
"A voice inside me said:" You have to work for 10 minutes until they repaired the computer. "
Instead, the assistant director announced that the representation will resume as soon as the problem will be solved.
I walked away from the scene and something in me said: "Oh, thank God."
It is not my duty.
I can let someone else deal with it.
"You play to play, stay in the role." "
Henry in "sabor" in the theater Duchess
To learn the text for "fences" was difficult.
The panic is quite useful, it strengthens the musculature.
It was too good, so it was like a sign over showing: "That's what you have to do." "
He says it is, of course, start voice.
So I terus this.
I really love it.
I love being in the repetition hall.
By the way, Henry still thinking comedian - all the way our conversation something flashes of his humor when he starts, then finishes parody.
I just decided not to work in stendape because this thing with an instant gratification from a room full of strangers, I think, is quite dangerous.
If you are eager to it all the time, it may lead to a dead end.
I sometimes work in "Prom aired in Apollo," when I want, but mainly I don't get as much pleasure as before.
I ask whether he will tour standup ever.
The joy of sitting in a room with a producer who helps shape the beginning, middle and end of the road - I don't think I ever want to refuse.
This is his new incarnation?
I think so.
I like to be an actor.
It is a pleasant fun.
You always tell a story, and here is a great place for it.
I love the history.
People love the history.
Kenya registers civil servants to identify the "workers-nevidimoc"
Kenya began to add biometric registration of all civil servants in an attempt to remove the "workers-nevidimoc" from the government payroll.
Employees who do not register in the next two weeks, will no longer pay, according to a government statement.
The government suspects that thousands of people continue to receive salaries after leaving public service.
Well, President Kenyatta has promised to reduce corruption in state structures after it came to power in 2013.
Audit earlier this year found that at least $1 million (£700,000) per month disappears at the expense of the payments "workers-nevidimkam" and other financial irregularities.
The government suspects that wages continue to come into bank accounts, even after a person dies or leaves the public service, reports the BBC reporter Wanyama Chebusiri from the capital, Nairobi.
All public servants should come within the next two weeks in identification centers to ensure that their data will be collected through the biometric registration procedures, according to a government statement.
Anyone who won't do it without a valid reason, will be erased from the payroll, according to him.
"This procedure significantly contribute to streamlining the civil service by defining the actual number of civil servants, and will also be used to purify the payment statement on both levels of government - hence puts an end to the problem of" nevidimoc-workers, "said Ann Waiguru, cabinet secretary of planning and structuring of power.
Dozens of Turkish police officers arrested in connection with the "plot" against the government
Only 33 police officers were detained in Turkey on suspicion of "conspiracy" against the government, according to local news agencies.
Police officials did not immediately comment on this information.
Among the detained were 14 high-ranking officers, according to the Daily News Hurriyet.
Some of them last December participated in the events on the identification of corruption that was aimed at checking government employees, including four government ministers.
In July, several Turkish police officers were arrested on suspicion of creating an organized criminal groups and listening to the phone.
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan (who at the time was prime minister) has defined their actions as part of the measures taken against him and others, those in power, the Islamic cleric Fethullah Gulen.
Not all the children returned to school in Ukraine.
Schools in the greater part of Ukraine again opened its doors on Monday (September 1) after the summer vacations.
This day is traditionally a big event for families, and, like thousands of other Ukrainian parents, Prime Minister Arseniy Yatseniuk took his daughter to school.
Expecting there, he told reporters that not all schools were opened again, but that he would do everything possible to protect the country for future generations:
On September 1, the ceremony took place not in every school.
There is no peaceful sky over each part of Ukraine.
We must fight for the peaceful sky.
The whole Ukraine, a single Ukrainian People's Front, must fight for the peaceful sky.
Aleks Pastukhov, director of the school in Slavyansk, which went Yatseniuk's daughter, said in Russian.
We hope that the world will finally here and that children will receive the knowledge that will be useful for their future life.
The first day of school traditionally celebrate the fact that children wear embroidered shirts, held the balloons and flowers to give to their teachers.
In the face of the Rhône Fairhead BBC may have found such an impressive leader that she needs
It is a loop of glory from the world of banking, media management and the inner circles of the Tory party.
In fact, she has its own experience in senior positions.
Her career began in the global management consulting firm Bain and Co, and then continued at Morgan Stanley, Bombadier, ICI and in the world of the media in Pearsons.
She was the head of the Financial Times for seven years, having gone down when the high office in the parent company Pearson's took a colleague-man, borrowing a lower position.
They say that its earnings is approaching £1 million.
Its political rating is also durable.
It recommended that David Cameron Lord Browne, the former head of BP, when he tried to bring specialists from the private sector to Whitehall: She became an adviser to the Cabinet.
Her husband, a former adviser to the Tories.
Earlier in May, I called the work of the poisoned bowl.
The BBC is not only a huge and complex organization at the heart of public life, but in its structure, there is an internal paradox.
The Council has two kinds: Inside as the upper level of the managerial hierarchy of the BBC, but also outside as the voice of public anxiety and excitement when something goes wrong.
It is almost unreachable Duopoly, which requires a complete radical reform.
But what the new chairman will be risking come rastaptyvaya and destroying the institution is as complicated as the Chinese dynasty, if he will deprive themselves of work in this process.
It is a tough decision.
Would it not so difficult, many people will be happy to see how the BBC will shrink in size - after revising its powers, finance and status.
As the competitors of providers and new technologies are challenging a cosy old habits, inevitable talks about the value of the licenses represent a special danger for the BBC.
For the modest sum of £145,50 per year Britons acquire a stake in, definitely, the greatest media company in the world.
BBC tells a good story: She declares that the results of its work cover 96 percent of households and cost each of them just 40p a day.
Moreover, it is obvious that the popularity of the Beeb is growing: 53 percent support it today against 31 percent 10 years ago.
Viewing models and use of the BBC have changed: Now I get news headlines on a mobile phone and watch I missed on the program.
But she remains very popular and formidable institution.
He needs an impressive chairman - I hope it found him.
Perry of Texas says that humiliating tweet stating she'd like was written by someone stranger
Tweet stating she'd like to account confirmed Republican Texas Governor Rick Perry on Sunday night contained humiliating image district attorney from the Democrats, which is located in the heart of the criminal prosecution on charges of abuse of power.
Tweet stating she'd like later was removed, and followed by another account with Perry, in which this entry was dezavuirovana.
Just from my account was published tweet stating she'd like it was written by someone outsiders.
"I don't approve this tweet stating she'd like and I deleted it," says a later entry.
Perry's aides did not immediately respond to messages for comment.
Although the recordings were loaded with confirmed Perry's account, it was not clear who actually engaged in the publication of this tape.
An earlier tweet stating she'd like contained illest caricature on the Travis County Prosecutor Rosemary Lemberg, who was convicted for driving intoxicated in April 2013.
Perry imposed a ban on the funding of her office when she refused to resign, which resulted in a grand jury hearing in Austin this month against Perry, who is a potential presidential candidate in 2016.
The signature in tweet says: "I'm driving not always in a state of intoxication, three times more than the acceptable level of alcohol in the blood,.. but when I do it, I claim the charges Governor Perry for what he tells me about it."
I the most drunk Democrat in Texas.
The Lemberg did not conduct an investigation involving a large jury against Perry.
It was Michael McCrum, a special prosecutor from San Antonio, who was appointed as a judge to the Republicans.
Perry has not pleaded guilty and called the charges a political ploy.
His powerful legal team asked the judge, the leading business, to dismiss the indictment, arguing that the law, which is used to harass the governor, confirming their responsibilities of the longest in the history of Texas, diffuse that contradicts the constitution.
Perry stopped funding by $7.5 million of state funds Otdel public control of the state, which is based in the District of Travis and harassment of corruption in the public sector of Texas, when Lehmberg refused to resign.
The veto has caused a formal complaint by a group of public control, with leftist views.
The tape confirmed the account Perry frequently updated - and sometimes becomes famous.
The fifth came at a congress in Iowa during his presidential campaign in 2012, Perry responded to rumors that he might come out of the game by issuing tweet stating she'd like to photograph themselves, running next to the lake, and the words: "Here and we, South Carolina!"
Berkeley reports that the real estate market has returned to "normal"
One of the most prominent developers of London warned that the real estate market in south-eastern England "returned" to the normal level of activity.
Houses in the capital have been the subject of buoyant demand and rapidly rising prices, while widely spread fears that the credit bubble would push the Bank of England to set restrictions on mortgage loans in June.
Tony Pidgely, founder and chairman of the elite construction company Berkeley, on Monday said: "Since the beginning of the current financial year, the market has returned to a normal level of transactions with the peak of 2013," adding that it provided a "stable working environment."
London real estate market excelled during the downturn, as foreign buyers gathered in the capital.
Prices in the city have soared by 18.5 percent in the last year alone, according to the Land Cadastre, significantly outpacing the average 6.7 percent in England and Wales as a whole.
The average market prices for private, affordable and student schemes Berkeley rose by about one-fifth of last year, reaching £423000 at the end of April.
The strengthening of the pound in recent months has made the London property less attractive to foreign buyers, some of whom also stopped the introduction of new taxes on real estate and political rhetoric around a potential "tax on mansions" before the general elections next May.
London real estate agency Foxtons warned last week that the April reform of the mortgage market, which were introduced tougher lending conditions, also would entail a reduction of market growth in both property sales transactions and prices in the second half of the year.
Fresh data from the Bank of England on Monday showed a fall in the number of mortgages approved in June, suggesting further cooling in the housing market.
Hamptons International, another real estate agency, cut its forecast of growth of prices on the London property for 2015 to 3 percent on the basis that the spirit of real estate prices have already started to wane.
The volume of transactions, meanwhile, fell by a quarter compared to the previous year in the most expensive areas of London, such as Chelsea, Mayfair and Kensington, according to agency WA Ellis.
Nevertheless, the demand for homes in the capital turned out to be very profitable for Berkeley, raising the sales worth above £2.2 billion.
Mr. Pidgely added: "The demand for the product with good design and the best location is unchanged and reflecting this, sales for the period were kept."
In June, the company reported that sold 3742 new homes this year until the end of April - almost a third more than in the pre-crisis peak of 2007.
The annual profit before tax rose by 40 percent compared to the previous year to £380 million, income - by 18 percent to £1.6 billion.
Speaking on Monday before the company's annual meeting, Mr. Pidgely reported that the alleged revenues of Berkeley this year will meet current market expectations.
According to the consensus view of analysts expected profit for the entire year before tax of £450 million.
The share price of Berkeley rested at £23,96 in the second half of the day on the London Stock Exchange.
Nude photos of Jennifer Lawrence published on the Internet hacker
Jennifer Lawrence arrives at the 85-th the ceremony of the annual prize of the American Film Academy.
Nude photos of actress Jennifer Lawrence, received the award "Oscar" were posted on the Internet a hacker who insists he has a "catalogue" of photographs even 100 rising stars.
A representative of the stars of "hungry games" confirmed that the photos of Lawrence, and denounced the hacker for "brazen invasion of personal space."
Received an appeal to law enforcement agencies, and they will pursue anyone who will publish the stolen photos of Jennifer Lawrence.
The photos, which were initially stumped on sharing website 4chan allegedly were obtained due to the lack of Apple's online storage system iCloud, and the alleged "catalogue" of hacking victims includes the names of the dozen female celebrities, including those of Rihanna, Kim Kardashian, Mary Elizabeth Winstead and Mary-Kate Olsen, according to BuzzFeed.
It is unclear how many of these photographs are genuine, although the star Scott however "against all" Winsted tweets also condemned the hacking.
"Those who looks at the photographs that we made with her husband a few years ago, retreating at home," I hope you're proud of themselves, "Winstead wrote on Twitter.
However, Victoria Justice of Nickolodeon series "iCarly" and "Victoria-winner of" denied that the photographs she wrote on Twitter: "These so-called naked photos of me were fake, the people.
Let us I eradicate it in the bud. * * * * * * intentional pun.
Buzzfeed reported last Sunday that the pop star Ariana's Grande refuted that picture on which, presumably, it is genuine.
An exclusive excerpt from the new novel Howard an about love and the letter "J" that the praise of critics
They rastvoryalisi, it is best to say so, they gradually crumbled as a cardboard box that was left in the rain.
Just occasionally, the woman told him that he is too serious, heavy, tense, closed and maybe a little razdrajitelny.
And then she pojimala his hand.
He saw in his irritability.
He was the layers like hair, red yes.
The latest victim of this coluchesti was a small novel, from which he waited more than usual, dismissing the lonely and boring life and perhaps even some satisfaction.
Ailinn Solomons was pulsating fragile beauty with vzlohmacenmi hair and trepegugim at the heart of the northern island village, even more remote and harsh than Port Reuben.
She came to the south with the old master himself, which Kevern believed her aunt, while the latter inherited a house in crude, but similar to Paradise Valley under the joyful name "Ray valley."
No one lived in the house for several years.
The pipes flowed, sat motionless in the baths spiders, slizni left their footprints on all the windows, assured that the house belongs to them; zeros garden weeds similar to giant heads are cabbage.
It was like a cottage of children's books, both terrifying and seductive, with a garden full of secrets.
The author: Howard Jacobson, whose novel "J" is included on the long-list Bukera Prize in 2014.
Short-list will be announced next week
Kevern and Ailinn sat, holding hands, broken sun loungers among the high grass, enjoying the unusually warm spring day; they both idly tapped into cheap console, which manufactured the country appeasing music and soothing news when glancing at her crossed brown legs, he remembered the old song long forgotten black performer that loved to listen to his father, drooping curtains in the house.
You have too big legs.
Due to their inherent aggressiveness, for this type of console to no longer stood.
They were not banned - nothing actually was not prohibited - just them no longer stood.
They helped to become archaic as the word "archaic."
The public taste did what would never have achieved the orders and regulations, and the same as among the books people chose memoirs plutocrats who grew up in poverty, cookbooks and love novels, of all the music they chose ballads.
This happens in the afternoon, Kevern began playing the imaginary piano and rough so funny voice singing big legs Eileen.
Eileen not understood.
"It was a popular song jazz pianist named Fat Ms. Waller," he told her, mechanically placing two fingers to his lips.
So always did his father to stop the letter "J" before she fall from his lips.
It started with a game in which they played when he was little.
His father played in it with his father, as he told him.
Start with the word "J," forgetting to attach to his mouth two fingers - and it will cost you a penny.
It was not a very fun game then, and it wasn't very fun now.
He knew that from him for it, that's all.
He had to explain what a jazz.
Elin never did not hear.
Jazz is also not played, although he was not explicitly prohibited.
Improvisation out of fashion.
In the life of the only one "if."
When the melody began, people wanted to know exactly where it will end.
The wit, exactly the same.
His unpredictability acted people on the nerves.
And the jazz was wit, marked with the help of music.
Although he has reached the age of 10 years, never cleav about Sammy Davis younger, Kevern knew about the jazz of paternal partially secret school colletion CDs.
But at least he did not have to talk Eileen that Fats Ms. Waller was black.
Given her age, it is unlikely she remembered a time when popular singers were not black.
Again, there are no laws or pressure.
The society was docile, and it meant that each of his segment agreed with gratitude - gratitude those spared the fate - with the principle of the group predispositions.
People of African-Caribbean origin in temperament and physical characteristics are well befitted for entertainment and sports - and they sang and ran.
Coming from the continent, as if from the nature of the talented in all that concerned the electronics, to ensure that no family has not remained without working electronic phone.
What is left of the Polish diaspora, was bathroom works; what is left of the Greek, foldout plates.
Natives of the Persian Gulf and the Levant, whose grandfathers were not rapidly to flee the country when THEN THAT A IF A WAGE happened, in fear that they will be blamed for sparking the flame, in fear, in fact, that the flame will swallow them the following, opened restaurants with labne and hookahs, not dropping and yearned from idleness.
Each the abilities.
Since she had heard only ballads, Eileen was difficult to understand how the offensive words that had just sung her Kevern, generally could be set to music.
The music is an expression of love.
"They are actually not offensive," said Kevern.
Except, maybe, for people who have big legs.
My father never nobody offended, but he adored this song.
He said too many, but the garden gave him an illusion of safety.
No word could not penetrate the soundproofing of giant leaves similar to Kapust.
Eileen still did not understand.
As your father could love this?
He wanted to say that this is a joke, but he did not wish for it again presste two fingers to his lips.
She already considered it strange.
"It seemed funny," he said instead.
She shook her head incredulously, by closing Kevern review.
In the whole world, there was nothing but entirely hairless her overgrown-black hair.
Nothing that he would like to watch.
"Well, if you say so," she said, leaving in his opinion.
But it still does not explain why you me it has.
It seemed that she really upset.
I have too big legs?
He looked at them again.
That is not to say, no.
The ankle, maybe a little bit...
And you say you hate me because my ankles too thick?
I hate you?
Of course, I don't hate you.
It is just this stupid song.
He could say: "I love you," but it was too early.
"I like you because you have thick ankles," tried to say it instead.
I have such a perversion.
It sounded wrong.
He wanted it was ridiculous.
Attempts to joke often led him in the awkward situation because, like his father, he lacked the soothing charm that could soften the cruelty in his cryvshuusya.
Maybe his father wanted to be cruel.
May be, and he, Kevern, wanted.
Despite the good eyes.
Ailinn Solomons blushed and stood up with the lounger,... the console and the wine that they drank.
The wine from the elder, so that intoxication could not serve him an excuse.
In his emotion, she seemed to be lighter, as Palm leaves in the weather system.
"And I like you because you're stupid head," she said.
Although don't like you very much.
He was sorry it and because of the unnecessary roughness of his words, and because of the fear that appeared in her eyes when she gave him.
Whether she thought that he will hit it?
She has not talked to him about life in the cold northern archipelago, where she grew up, but he has no doubt that in basic terms, it was like a zdeshnuu.
The same huge icy ocean plummeted on both of them.
The same confused by the men, even more sensitive and capricious after ADDITION THAT A IF A WAGE than their ancestors, the smugglers and razrushiteli, wandered in fury from pub to pub, ready to raise a hand on any woman, posmevshuu denying them or poddraznity them.
Head stupid?
They would have shown her obtuse fist if it was not careful!
At first, would've kissed - a kiss has now become the most common expression of erotic irritation between a man and a woman; an antidote from fresh ballads, which yielded the console - first kiss her and then hit.
An excessive clarification, according to Kevern because the kiss itself was already hooliganism.
Hull Ailinn Solomons showed that he had to leave.
He rose from the lounger, as the old man.
She felt the weight of the lead, but the weight of his grief surprised her.
It was not the end of the world.
They barely knew each other.
She watched as he goes, and from the upper windows looked as he goes, her companion - a man vzvalivshiy himself to the rigors of themselves.
Adam, leaving the garden, she thought.
She felt a stab of compassion for him and men in general, although some of them and raised her hand.
The man, otvernuvshiysya from it, since he backs, prestaged, slain, the ability to fight left him - why she felt that she knew it so well, if she could not recall a single case, until today, when she would have seen this?
Again, one Ailinn Solomons looked at his feet.
For twenty years before the events described above or so Esme Nussbaum, smart and energetic 32-year-old children and who worked in "Ofnau," an informal service control for the Community mood, has prepared a report on the preservation of low and medium levels of violence in those parts of the country, where it was expected that it will shrink, if not stop altogether, given the tools and the forces that stood out for its eradication.
"Much has been done, and much is done," she wrote, "in order to mitigate the innate aggressiveness of people who fought in a thousand wars and won most of them, especially among those Sputan branches and narrow rasslin terrain, where, despite hovering over izgorodyami spires of churches, gentle breath of human kindness was rarely in history.
However, some of the qualities, it turns out, neiscorenims.
The higher the spire, it would seem, the nizmennee those passions that he opens.
The population shed tears over the sentimental ballads, swallows stories about preodolennyh obstacles and announces its overheated faith in the virtues of marriage and family life, but not only the old rudeness retains a strong grip in both rural communities and urban settlements, but also includes information about what is new and vile zadiristosty in houses in the workplace, on roads and even in playgrounds.
"You have a stupid habit of writing too much," said her supervisor, after reading the report entirely.
It seems to me that you should read smaller novels.
Esme Nussbaum lowered her head.
I should also ask you: You atheist?
"I believe that is not obligated to respond," replied Esme Nussbaum.
You a lesbian?
Esme again insisted on his right to privacy and silence.
A feminist?
Again silence.
"I ask," finally Rabinowitz Luther said, "not because I'm against atheism, lesbianism or feminism.
Here we have no prejudice.
We are the servants of society without prejudice.
But some kinds of inflammation is absolutely acceptable and laudable by themselves, can sometimes distort the results, such as those that you showed me.
It is obvious that you predubezhdens themselves against the church, and what you call "vicious" and "brutal," others would be interpreted as an expression of a healthy and youthful.
Continue nude about THAT A IF A WAGE, as if it had happened, if anything happened yesterday, thus depriving the country needed vitality.
Esme Nussbaum glanced at parties until Rabinowitz said.
For his head pink as flamingos, LED letters repeated advice that "Ofnau" gave the country the last quarter-century or more.
Ulybaisya its neighbor, appreciate his spouse, listen ballads, go to musicals, talk on the phone, communicate, objyasnyai, listen, licis, izvinyaysya.
The conversation is better than silence, the word for better than the written word, but there is nothing better than love.
"I fully understand that you want to say," replied quietly Esme Nussbaum when satisfied that her supervisor had finished speaking, "and I don't want to say anything other than the fact that we do not izlecilisi as effectively as we convince ourselves.
I am concerned that if we are not ready, we will find that repeat mistakes that initially led to TU THAT A IF A WAGE.
Only this time we vybrosim their anger and mistrust on the other.
Luther Rabinowitz joined the tips of his fingers at them.
The gesture was to mean an infinite patience.
"You go too far," he said, "calling" mistakes "actions that have committed or not committed our grandfathers.
You go too far and when talking about what they threw their "anger" and "mistrust" to "other."
On your site person should not need reminding that, realizing the past, defending the present, we are not talking about "us" and "them."
There was no "us" and there was no "other."
It was a time of turmoil - that's all that we know.
"For that, to be honest with ourselves," dared to insert Esme, "no part of society cannot justify ourselves well.
I do not accuse anyone.
Whether it was bad or good - what is done is done.
Then it was then.
Nothing need to speak - here we agree.
And how does not have to blame anybody, and we should not make excuses if it was appropriate or if it was something to fix.
But why the past, if not to learn -
Past surest to ensure that we've forgotten it.
If I can add to this one word -
Luther's Great Pyramid Rabinowitz collapsed.
"I'll cover your report," he said, sending it.
The next day, on the way to work, she knocked the cyclist who rode on the sidewalk, as described by passers-by, "in a vicious rage."
Matches happen.
The army of Lesotho declares that a coup was planned; the prime minister remains in South Africa
Representatives of the Lesotho army denied the fact of preparing a coup to overthrow the government, saying that they acted against the police, which was suspected of trying to equip political fanatics.
Prime Minister Thomas Thabane left the country, saying that the country's army surrounded his official residence and seized government buildings in the capital of Maseru.
The prime minister drove his family in neighboring South Africa, saying that he received the threat of assassination attempt on his life.
Army spokesman Maj. Ntlele Ntoi said that it was not, in fact, a coup, but that the army reacted to a threat from "political fanatics," which the police tried to equip.
"What happened this morning is that the command of the Armed Forces of Lesotho took measures after receiving several intelligence reports that among police forces, there are some elements that really plan to equip some political, young fanatics of political parties, which were willing to arrange chaos," he told the Voice of America.
The South African government clayson Monyela said that the army looked like a coup.
"Although nobody indicted claims on the seizure of power by force, by all reports, the actions of the armed forces of Lesotho at the moment are the signs of a coup," he said.
Representatives of the Lesotho army reported that the soldiers returned to barracks on Sunday and that calm in the capital.
Meanwhile, the deputy prime minister Mothetjoa Metsing manages the government in the absence of Tabane.
Thabane said he believes that under siege in connection with an attempt to fight corruption in the country.
The situation in Lesotho is very tense since June, when Thabane suspended parliamentary session as a result of the differences in a united government.
He said that his actions did not undermine the government, despite accusations to the contrary.
Chelsea midfielder Marco van Ginkel will hold the upcoming season on loan at Milan, "said Milan Channel.
The 21-year-old Dutchman will arrive in Italy in the coming hours for medical examination.
Last season, he went on the field at the London club only three times.
Recall that Milan had previously rented from Liverpool striker Fernando Torres.
Production in the eurozone at the lowest figure for 13 months.
Production growth in the eurozone slowed to the lowest rate in 13 months in August, according to the research.
The last business index (PMI) for the manufacturing sector in the eurozone by Markit fell to 50.7 in August, dropping from 51.8 in July.
The value above 50 indicates growth.
New orders held off, and enterprises have suffered amid growing tensions between the EU and Russia in connection with Ukraine.
Values were received before a meeting of the European Central Bank (ECB) on Thursday.
The markets will wait for the bank from a clear plan of how to cope with the stop of the eurozone recovery, as well as the threat of deflation when inflation averaging just 0.3%.
There is an assumption that the ECB chief Mario Draghi later this week may give additional signals that he is considering a scheme of quantitative easing for the eurozone, similar to those used by Britain and the US during the financial crisis.
"Although any growth is better than no growth altogether, brake effect of increasing economic and geopolitical uncertainty on the producers becomes more obvious," said Rob Dobson, senior economist at Markit.
PMI manufacturing sector of Germany, Russia's biggest trading partner in the EU, fell to the lowest level for 11 months of 51.4.
Meanwhile, in the second-largest economy, France, the PMI fell to 46.9.
France continues to cause real concern, as well as the weakening of Italy from stable growth to stagnation.
Signs that the growth momentum waned mainly industrial engine, Germany, as well as in Spain and the Netherlands, also adds no confidence, "said Mr. Dobson.
The industry, most likely still would add fuel to the fire of analysts anticipating the introduction of additional monetary or fiscal stimulus.
One positive news was from Ireland, where the PMI rose to 57.3, its highest level since the end of 1999.
Howard Archer, chief economist at IHS Global Insight, said: "The best that can be said about the August survey of the index of business activity of the eurozone manufacturing sector, it is that it shows that the sector is still growing."
He added: "The eurozone manufacturers obviously find life very difficult at the moment because the current increased geopolitical tension - especially associated with Russia / Ukraine - adds uncertainty still difficult conditions in many countries.
This increasing tensions apparently struck by business - and especially on consumer confidence, and is likely to lead to the fact that some of the orders are delayed or even canceled, especially large orders.
He said that the "increasingly likely" that the ECB, in the end, of course, will have to spend some kind of quantitative easing, "although we suspect that it will be limited."
Residents of Mariupol faced a human chain against militias
In Mariupol until last week was all calm - nobody - longed to organize Mariupol people's republic, a city on the Sea of Azov lived and worked.
Now, residents await with horror parish "militias."
According to political analysts, the separatists break to Mariupol to go to Azov Sea - was recently taken the city of Novoazovsk, who also was a member of the self-proclaimed republics.
Mariupol decided that the Ukrainian army, although will protect them, but it has little force against the well-armed members of the DNR LNR, and gathered to help the military.
They dig trenches, build checkpoints and strengthening.
On Saturday evening, several thousand people arrived at the eastern border of the city, and stood there in a human chain, singing the anthem of Ukraine.
They are going to do the same in the case of attack.
The volunteers collect and blocking equipment and products, collect medicines, emit a newspaper.
In the town of gradually closed shops, stopping work of banks and ATMs.
Ten years of hell for the survivors of the Beslan: Ten years with uncanny takeover of school children who were in it, still suffer
Ten years ago, more than 1,000 people were taken hostage by Chechen militants at a school in Beslan, in southern Russia
More than 330 people, more than half of them children, were killed during the three-day trial that shocked the world
We returned to Beslan to find some of the victims who conned the death during the atrocities at school
Exactly ten years after the terrible takeover of a school in Beslan in which 334 people died, including 186 children, heroically survived the catastrophe warned last night about the new apocalypse in Ukraine.
When terrorists, Islamic fanatics, captured and killed the children and parents on September 1, 2004, at the beginning of the new quarter, it seemed something of an extreme degree of evil.
The tragedy united the east and west in dread of that surprisingly then deteriorated into action and hope for the future in terms of hardest grief.
Ten years later, we are back in Beslan in southern Russia to find some of the victims who lied to death during the atrocities at the school.
We found amazing young people who oppose the trouble, although the memories of terrorist hell will live with them forever.
Their biggest hope?
The war, which now afflicts Ukraine, where the same children as they are killed, it will stop.
The girl, who is trying to get back into the gym obstrelivaemy
It's a picture of a famous Russian photographer Dmitry Belyakova, when in the same underwear tried to get back into the gym after the explosion obstrelivaemy mines.
Embarrassed Hade desperately searched for her mother, Larisa, who is now 40.
There were fears that both of them died, but in fact they survived.
"The woman told me to flee struggling, but I couldn't," said Aida then.
My legs were covered with blood.
I got up and climbed back inside to find his mother.
The soldier picked up and carried her to a safe place.
After a sequence of operations, she thought it was fully recovered, but yesterday said: "Three months ago, the pain returned.
I am afraid I may need more surgery.
Several splinters left in my knee.
The goal now is to become a dentist, to help people as she helped doctors.
"This tragedy has changed my life, but it is certainly not her polal," she says with a challenge.
"It happened to me, and you cannot change this fact.
Once a year I always go to the gym to remember all those who stayed there.
My friends and I tried not to talk about it on other days.
The pain is too strong.
My best friend, who was to be my year, Dzera Gapova was killed there.
We played together when you were young, and dreamed that we shall go to school together.
"I do not want to get married until they finish their studies and do not begin to work.
Then I'd think about the family.
She says that the seizure remains with her, although the memories a little city every year.
I'm glad that many people in the world still remember about our predicament, and we are so thankful for the help that we have received from people from the UK and from everywhere.
When I see a photograph on the Internet, where I let in the school window, I think many people will see it for the first time, learn about our tragedy and will do so that this never happened.
The boy, who fled through a hail of bullets, believing that his mother is dead
It was his first day at school (Russians begin to study at the school at 7 years) and survived three days of capture, clinging to his mother Tamara.
When he was seven, and he said: "My mother told me to lie down, if there is an explosion, and to hold her hand."
After one of the explosions, he thought she dies.
She told him: "Run."
Fearing that she is dead, he ran down the road and saw a crying baby, grabbed the child by the hand and ran through a hail of bullets.
His father, Vladimir, who grabbed his son on the outside, said: "Damir told me that his mother had died.
He said: "I couldn't save it." "
In fact, Tamara swung into the freedom and was in the hospital with wounds to his legs, in turn, thinking that her son had died.
After their reunion, she said: "I cried with joy.
I could not believe it.
He reached and hugged me.
Damir later brought to London (now non-existent newspaper News of the World), where he was awarded as Defender of children from the Barnardo's Prime Minister Tony Blair and his wife Cherie.
"This horror is returned to you every day, but I would like to think I could stop him," he said yesterday.
Still, I can say that I have a memory of it is to fade.
I remember right after that I threw all his igrushechnoe weapons.
But now I can play computer games with shooting, and it is not a problem for me.
"I am not afraid to return to the gym, but I don't think about yourself.
I remember the children with whom I played in the yard, which never emerged.
We never say that they were killed or dead.
We say that they remained in the gym.
I remember my trip to London so well, especially a toy shop, where I was allowed to choose what I want, and the trip in the car convertible.
But now he is afraid for places like Ukraine, where war lead to such grief that survived, he and his friends.
This horror is returned to you every day, but I would like to think I could stop him
"I am so sorry for all those who suffer from these horrors," said Damir, who in the past week was doing volunteer work in the convent.
So I want to help.
I want to serve in the police ever and I hope that I admitted in a training academy in the next year.
His mother Tamara, 48, said: "The 37 children were killed in this quarter, can imagine?
I remember the horrible silence immediately after the takeover, it was not just the children who would have screamed and ran around, and this silence lasted for many months.
She vividly remembers his trip with Damir in London.
People in London cried when I told our story.
I realized then how people on the other end of the earth can understand our feelings, can provide support.
She was grateful to "Cherie Blair and her fund for the award and the opportunity to go to London in the autumn of 2004.
I would like to call it the Sheri and simply say that 10 years have passed, but I still remember a meeting with her and her husband in London and how they helped Dam and me.
I remember when Damir wanted to eat, they rang up all the local Russian restaurants.
I remember how he played with the waiters in the restaurant, Damir shot at them from a water pistol and they fled and played with him.
And only a month has passed since our nightmare then.
I was shocked that the British were so willing to share our pain and support us.
She said: "I think that the world does not become better for these 10 years.
Now in Ukraine there is a war, people die every day, and I think a lot of children were killed and will be killed.
It is just the same children as our.
I think for many people, the war is a news report that they listen when they get bored or when they are busy with something else.
I just know that these people feel the horror of it.
And I can't stop to feel it.
Nothing has changed, people still want to kill each other, and it is so sad.
Damir grew up and became very mild and calm boy, he was not aggressive and not evil.
He does not seek revenge, for example, he is not fixated on this past nightmare.
I know that he does not like to remember it, but they are very close with six classmates, and they go to a gym from time to time and burn candles there.
When he was younger, he suffered from it - I remember how he was lying on the couch, facing away from us for hours.
Not sleep, his eyes were open.
I also remember how he threw all of its weapons and other military toys. Damir now 17, he above me, likeable, clever and healthy.
To me it is hard to believe that a few hours I was so convinced that he had died and that I'll never see more.
When I was able to recover from the explosion and rose to his feet, I looked, I saw hell around himself when parts of bodies were lying everywhere.
I was absolutely convinced that it is impossible to my little boy could survive in this hell.
"I remember that I shouted to him:" Damir, Run, go anyplace, "but again I was so convinced that he did not hear me.
But he heard and ran away.
So life for us continues, unlike so many others.
Georgy Ilyin, 17 years
The boy, whose shocking picture after capture was defining for the tragedy in Beslan
Peace: Survivor of Beslan Georgy Ilyin with his mother, Fatima after his capture in 2004, and Georgy right now
It was his bloody face imprint of fear when he escaped from death, when Chechen terrorists were shot by his classmates.
His photo was one of the most shocking symbols of barbarism in Beslan.
His mother Fatima, 54, the chief doctor, enrolled him in a school on the first day of school before you bring the senior son Vladimir at university.
"I went for two minutes before the terrorists ran into the yard, so my little boy left alone for three days of the nightmare," she recalled.
Not quite alone, there was a family of our relatives, but all of them were killed.
Only my Georgi managed to survive.
The closer this date, the harder to think and talk about it.
There is not a single day when we do not remember this tragedy.
We do not think that it was a long time, I think it happened yesterday, some scenes of these days, I have all the time in front of the eyes.
One will never forget, I promise you.
Pet in soul: A picture of George (left) was one of the most shocking images of the attack and was Stalin in sculpture (right)
I remember that he wanted to go to school that day, which said it wants to hug a teacher.
I just learned that he was alive when I saw him on TV.
And now even have the sculpture of George crying in San Marino.
Georgy does not like to look at this picture, and she hidden in a closet at home.
I understand, but I also think that thanks to the photographs of people from all over the world feel our pain.
Georgy now says: "It is important that it never happened.
"I doubt that we will ever know the truth.
The people continue to investigate such tragedies and never learn the truth.
Now they are investigating the collapse of the Boeings in Ukraine.
Will we ever learn than it was caused by?
The world goes to something very bad.
"I can't understand how it happens, because if you ask people, no one wants war, as it happens?
Ten years is nothing for such pain.
We need to have passed dozens of years to slightly to forget it.
It has affected my health, and I still feel it.
About three or four years, I dreamed of nightmares because of the takeover, but it is now better.
I went back to school later in 2004, I was very scared every day.
I thought about his friends and fighting, that had been killed.
That is why I continue to go to the gym before each September 1.
I would like to pay tribute to the memory of my old friends of childhood.
I find it difficult to enter into a gym, but I must do it.
I don't feel like a victim, this story is part of my past now.
I do not forget about it, but I don't feel sorry for ourselves.
My life continues.
I graduated from high school this year and enrolled at the medical university in Vladikavkaz.
I'll learn to become cardiohirurgom.
My first choice was to go to the army.
I wanted to be a soldier, but my health is not allowed.
I wanted to fight for my country, but this will not happen.
Georgy Farniyev, 20 years
The boy, who survived, despite the fact that was at the feet of the terrorist-murderers
Incredible: Georgy Farniyev stood at the feet of the terrorist-murderers during the capture, but still he managed to survive
At the time of the takeover, he was seen in the gym sitting next to a bomb at the feet of terrorist-murderers.
Indeed, it is a miracle that he was not killed.
"It seems to us that it was yesterday," says George, who wanted to study the intelligence officer in the FSB, but could not because of the damage that was caused by his health at the time of the takeover.
It is still with me, it's not something that I left behind.
I'm older now and say that children can easily cope with bad events, "I must say that this is not true.
"In 2006, I worked with psychologists, and I felt a bit better after that, but I can't forget it.
And I would like to forget.
In 2005 - the next year - was the first and the last time I went into the gym again.
I lost consciousness.
I would never go there again, and please don't ask me to show where I sat on this famous photos.
Survivor: Georgy Farniyev today with an open laptop on a photograph of himself in a hospital after seizure
My pain is enormous, and I wear it with you every day.
My friends know that I don't like to think about it or discuss it, and they never asked me about the school.
As for the physical condition, I'm healthy.
I have to be careful with the knee that was damaged, but now I go okay.
But all the same health did not allow me to go to study at the FSB Academy in St. Petersburg, as I wanted to.
I sent my documents, including medical records, and they replied that it is impossible.
My second passion were animals, so I went to the veterinary institute.
I had studied there for two years.
He learns to treat all the animals "from cats to cows."
He said: "I know that never tell their children about their experiences.
It is not what children should know, and, of course, is not what they need to survive.
His mother Marina, 42 years, said: "The pain never leaves me.
It's in my soul, worse when the anniversary is approaching.
I will go and I will attend the ceremonies, which will be held to celebrate it.
I know that George did not go.
For him, it should be even stronger because he was there, and I'm not.
I was waiting for him at home and could not help.
I am so grateful to God that he came back to me. "Here in Beslan imprint lies on each.
He remains with us.
Georgy now an adult, but this nightmare is still with him.
It is difficult to accept when something is so terribly unfair, happens to you.
He is a boy, he loves the sport, but they could not do because of the knee.
He had several operations, he can walk, but cannot exercise.
I would say that he is 50% overcame this nightmare, but it is impossible to completely overcome and forget it.
This eerie experience will remain with us.
Many friends and neighbors were killed during the capture, and it only reinforces my pain.
I lost a lot of people whom I knew well and who were dear to me.
My son with me, and it is the best gift that God could I do, but my heart aches for those who were killed.
I know the family, where the children were born, but I know and widows who were never married.
Hard to accept that life goes on, even if you don't want to.
I will never forget how the heart of vyprygnulo my chest at the moment when I saw him in the hospital.
Now I look at what is happening in the world - the war in different regions.
What these people are fighting?
Why did they kill each other?
The war is very close to our country right now, and I hardly believe in it.
We were a friendly country in the past, as it so happened that we are fighting now?
People and children suffer, I am sure, many children have already been killed in Ukraine, and many will be killed.
If it were to grab all the rebels and throw - as far as he can.
Alena Tskayeva, 10 years
The baby, which claimed movingly in a safe place spetsnaz fighter
Salved: Alon Tskayev carries in a safe place Russian spetsnaz fighter (left).
She is now ten (right), and she does not remember about terrifically crime
The world stopped breathing in 2004, when a small Alon ruled at the hands of a school in Beslan seized by a Russian policeman.
The terrorists released it, but with cruelty left her 30-year-old mother, decadal sister Cristina and brother Mahara in the gym of the school.
Machar, who was then three years, was saved, but Alenia's mother and sister were killed in the deadly carnage.
Her father, Ruslan has since married again, and they have with his new wife Svetlana have a young daughter, whom he called Christine in memory of her daughter, which he lost.
Alina, who is now ten, remembers nothing about the capture and flourished in a smart and a pleasurable girl, neighbors say.
"They're a big happy family now, and Alona and Machar - both beautiful children," says a close friend.
Ruslan is a wonderful father and wants to keep them away from all the memories that marks the tenth anniversary.
You can understand why.
Midfielder Shinji Kagawa, who returned from Manchester United in Dortmund "Borussia," noted that he is looking forward to once again be able to go out on the field in the form of the German club.
He said that this transfer is a joyful event in the career.
Of course, I am very pleased that I will play again for "Borussia" Bild Kagawa words.
I feel very well.
Full of positive emotions and look forward to once again be able to go on the field in the form of "Borussia."
Íàïîìíèì, Kagawa has moved in the "DOJ" from "Borussia" in the summer of 2012 for 16 million euros.
However, he failed to gain a foothold in the English club, after spending two seasons only 38 matches in the championship of England by scoring 6 goals and 8 assists.
The man accused of neste on a girl in a "Pelican" in Fife
The 78-year-old man stands trial on charges of neste on a 3 year old girl in a "Pelican" in Fife.
Gordon Stewart allegedly abused the girl on the transition in Pittenvine in East Nuke.
Prosecutors said that Mr. Stewart led his Audi Q3 without due care and attention, and abused the girl, as a result of which she got injured.
Stewart, 78 years old, from Anstruther, denied his guilt in øåðèôñêîì court of Dundee.
Sheriff Charles Macnair, royal lawyer, appointed a court date for January.
Obama, Merkel and Hollande not otovaryatsya in Vladivostok
Shop Duty Free Vladivostok airport I sign banning shopping at this store a number of the world's political leaders.
They not îòîâàðèòüñÿ spirits, vodka and cognac.
The store has decided that US President Barack Obama, German Chancellor Angela Merkel, French President François Hollande, Vitali Klitschko, Yulia Tymoshenko, prime minister of Japan and a few well-known comrades cannot îòîâàðèòüñÿ vodka, cognac and spirits in their store.
And vyvesila on the doors of the sign.
Earlier, Obama received a ban on the emergence of the even less accessible on a sort of service institution - dietary table at Moscow State University, told the website catering establishments.
Whether the cherished dream of an American president ever to eat in the canteen diet in Russia, it is not known, but the authors of the prohibitions clearly seem themselves terribly ostroumnsmi.
Is there cheese after the embargo: Medvedev gave advice they will
Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev believes that under the conditions of the Russian embargo should they will develop new technologies in order to establish the demand from buyers varieties of cheese.
The Council was given during a visit to the company "Yugpticeprom" firm "Agrocomplex."
The prime minister also gave advice restaurateurs too refocus on the Russian meat, the quality of which is at an appropriate level.
The annual embargo on food imports was introduced in Russia since August 7.
Head coach of Russia by pleased at the outcome of the tournament DecaNation.
According to the expert, the third place is a good result given the absence of purposeful preparation for the competition.
Our athletes were on his level, "" All Sport "word Maslakov.
The third place is a confirmation of our fairly high command level.
It is pleasant that the advantage of the French and even the Americans over us is minimal.
It is necessary to consider that we are not prepared for these competitions.
The season is over, and we did not require our leaders to participate in the match DecaNation.
In recent years, we were second at this tournament, but this season we have revamped team.
The French, by contrast, put fighting team that includes 13 of the European champions.
They did not hide his intention to win this year, which repeatedly publicly declared.
But even such a composition of the competition could not resist the Americans.
So I believe that the Russians were in such a representative company at a good level.
But the results in some species were much lower than in the same "diamond league."
The season.
Of course, the athletes are not so important result, especially in the competitions team level.
The main thing was - a place.
And the results, I agree, came to the absurd when at 1500 m men were so tactical hitrospleteniami races that showed the result of below average... women's run.
4 tips how to achieve the best quality of underwater photos and videos
If you want to take pictures or shoot video under water before you a number of options for the equipment.
The cheapest option is waterproof "Australian," for example, Nikon Coolpix AW120, or action camera, for example, the GoPro Hero3 + Silver Edition, both of which are sold for about $300.
I made these images on a family holiday with the help of several cameras, all at a price of about $350.
No matter what equipment you use, several rules must be followed in order to achieve the best results.
His Pereproveryaite equipment.
Even if you waterproof camera, make sure that the camera battery and other branches tightly closed.
In addition, set up his camera for the type of photos or videos that you will shoot.
Some photo and video cameras have shooting modes or the type of object, which optimize the exposition presents for underwater conditions.
And before jumping into the water, look at how deep your equipment can fall.
Some cameras are designed by just 5 feet, others - 50 or 60 feet.
See our management of the buyer and the ratings of digital cameras for both traditional and waterproof models.
Remove several frames - because many of them do not straightaway.
"There are essentially" LCD that will help you arrange shots, while the action cameras they are usually not.
Even if you have LCD, it will be difficult to see under the water, and the layout of the frame is a random process.
So do several frames.
Also, if your camera has a serial shooting mode, which removes several frames with a slightly different exposure settings, take it.
Stay at the surface.
The amount of light is greatly reduced, the deeper you ernet under water.
If possible, stay at the surface when you're shooting in the pool, the river or the ocean.
It will also allow you to transfer more colors in photographs; the deeper you leave, the less the colors you'll see.
Podplyvayte closer to the objects.
It's a great piece of advice for shooting on land, but it is still under water because of that light conditions.
Especially important if you're shooting on the action camera: This equipment is often fixed, shirocougol lens, which means that you have to get closer to the objects of shooting, if you want to fill the frame.
The 2012 Olympic bronze medalist in freestyle wrestling Bilyal Makhov may go in the Greek-Roman struggle.
This was the chief coach of Dagestan in freestyle wrestling Sazhid Sazhidov.
The specialist did not rule out an athlete's participation at the World Championship in Tashkent in September 2014.
Currently, Bilyal Makhov is collecting the team "classics," leads "R-Sport" word Sajid Sajidov.
In general, the junior Bill acted in both styles.
At the Youth World Championship 2005, he became the winner of the tournament wrestlers and the third medal in Greco-Roman competitions and decided to concentrate on the freestyle wrestling.
Recently there were rumors that a new phase of his career, our theles will hold in Greco-Roman wrestling.
More: Macs may already be at the World Championship in Tashkent - if prikidcu wins.
But the final word is always for the coaching staff headed by Gogi Koguashvili.
Andrew Lawson was such a man whose strength of personality could shake everything around, even in such a gigantic organization like the National Health Service.
Consulting anesthesiologist, he dedicated his career as the deliverance of patients suffering from the disease and flours from treatment.
Among those who spoke to him, recalls his wife, was an officer MI-6, which had to live with the devastating consequences of torture.
Lawson understood that, while doctors absorbing diagnoses and diseases, those who undergoes treatment, mainly worried about something totally different - the pain.
One day in 2007, however, he appeared to those who began to suffer.
"I never felt, as usual," he wrote in May last year.
It was difficult to find the strength.
Struggling with symptoms similar to the flu, he found that irritably reproaches his wife, Juliet.
"I want everything happened sooner rather than later," he noted.
When Juliet left for a week, Lawson discovered that he is unusual and it is unclear why the upset.
Something was wrong.
He asked a colleague to make an X-ray of the chest.
Just two weeks earlier, he went skiing in the French Alps.
The results of X-rays came.
It was mesothelioma, an incurable cancer that affects pleura, or the lungs.
For most cancers it is difficult to determine the exact cause.
Although some smokers develop lung cancer, for example, not all lung cancer patients smoked.
But with attributable to mesothelioma differently.
In almost all cases, the cause is contact with asbestos, grainy construction material, who once called the "miracle," but who, as is now known, mortally dangerous.
For most of us mesothelioma is a disease that can be ignored.
Asbestos, after all, is the material from the past.
The most dangerous type of asbestos is not used in the UK since the 1960s, when a separate industrial ban came into force.
Even when it was used, only people of specific industries have worked closely with him: Truboisolerici, builders, carpenters and employees of the docks, for example.
The industrial toxin from another era, he is hardly cause for concern today.
But such serenity mistakenly.
The United Kingdom, it turns out, is now at the peak of the epidemic mesothelioma.
Here from the mesothelioma kills more people than any other country on the planet.
The annual mortality rate at about 2,500 people, more than twice as many people die from the disease than as a result of car accidents.
The annual number of deaths from mesothelioma since 1980, and projected the number of deaths in the future in the UK
The reason we feel its deadly consequences now is that, while the use of asbestos illegal for many years (all types of asbestos were eventually banned by law in 1999), to develop the mesothelioma are usually tens of years.
And mesothelioma attack is not limited to veterans of the specialties of industrial construction.
Asbestos was, and remains, in many cases, laid in the house where we live, offices, where we work, school, where we learn, and shops where we go shopping.
As a result, mesothelioma isn't paying attention to the class, the level of affluence, profession or age.
Typical bastions, from the fashionable London department stores to private schools, as it turned out, not salvation.
Building the parliament is riddled with asbestos.
Even hospitals, which are designed to treat us, were reservoirs of this mortal a carcinogen.
Andrew Lawson was not old.
He was not tuboizolirovshikom.
In fact, he had to think where he could come into contact with asbestos.
Then he realized.
"It seems that there could be a lot of asbestos in the tunnels at Guy's Hospital, where I spent six years on an internship," he wrote.
Everything - students, nurses, doctors and gruzchiki - used these fish Party Online - play.
I wonder how many of my peers sicken the same disease?
It was a question that, unfortunately, he could give a partial answer.
"Of the four doctors who partners in the hospital Guy and who subsequently developed mesothelioma over the last five years," he said in a letter in 2010, "I one remained alive."
How many of us expect this disease?
Andrew Lawson was diagnosed with mesothelioma, "when he was 48 years old.
When he died on February 17 this year, he was 55.
Unusually to live so long.
Fifty percent of the patients attributable to mesothelioma die within eight months after diagnosis.
It is always lethal.
So, now we can only repeat Lawson's question: "How many of us expect the same disease?"
According to a leading expert on mesothelioma in the UK, Professor Julian Peto, most likely to assume that between 1970 and 2050, when an epidemic of asbestos in the UK should rein themselves, dies about 90,000 people.
Most now do not represent that will die in this way.
Asbestos mine in Quebec, Canada Alamy
A quick review of reports from the halls of the court, where victims often seek compensation, shows how far spread mesothelioma attack.
In this June, for example, Marks & Spencer acknowledged that the cast Janis Ellen contact with asbestos.
She worked in a network of nine years, from 1978 to 1987, directing the clothing departments at two sites, one of which was the main store on Oxford Street.
Mrs. Ellen was only 18 years old when she began working at M & S.
Now she has two children older than 20 years.
"Before this happened," she says, "I have never heard of mesothelioma, I barely knew about the town of Asbest.
I never could have imagined me it will affect.
Few people really know much about the town of Asbest.
In fact, asbestos is not one substance, and a group of six minerals.
They got its name from the word "asbestiform," which means the fibrous structure that tells them the strength and flexibility.
Of these six, three were often used in construction.
Chrysotile, widely known as white asbestos, much more often than other meets in buildings today.
It has been used in roofing panels, floor tile, thermal insulation pipes, boiler, even for many years for cars.
It is less mortal than other forms of asbestos, but still recognized by the European Union and the World Health Organization "a serious source of harm" that can lead to death.
More dangerous, however, brown asbestos (amosite) and blue asbestos (crocidolite).
Britain was once the largest importer of brown asbestos in the world, and experts suggest that "there are compelling, albeit indirect reason to believe that this is the main reason for the exceptionally high number of patients with attributable to mesothelioma [in the UK]."
The Marks & Spencer was exposed to asbestos in the main company store on Oxford Street, London Alamy
Janis Ellen may not have thought of themselves as a typical mesothelioma victim, but the work Julian Peto suggests that her story is not unusual.
He conducted a study of patients, which suggests that "a significant percentage of mezoteliom when there is no known exposure at work or at home, were most likely caused by exposure to asbestos from the environment."
The majority of such effects, he says, is "the usual use and exposure to weather" on our buildings.
No one, it seems, cannot be sure that he is safe.
The report Goddard Consulting, which was Westminster Palace, demonstrates how people, even in the heart of the government could be exposed to unconsciously.
In 2009, Goddard said that technical mines and pipelines for the premises of parliamentary committees were infected with asbestos, deadly fibres which could be set in motion something as innocuous as a "strong air flows."
Members of parliament are often accused of what they are pursuing their own interests, but in this case, it seems that the opposite is true.
Although maintenance Directorate of parliament insisted that Westminster Palace received "a clean bill of health," she now acknowledged that it is necessary to work on the £1 billion for the reconstruction of the parliament, usovershenstvovav electrics and removing asbestos, and that after the general election of 2015 members of parliament probably will meet in a conference centre near QE2, and not on the green benches Westminster.
Goddard report noted that "the situation with the asbestos was not in accordance with different rules."
It is impossible to know whether this error management cost lives.
Everything that we can do now is wait.
One of those who never managed to identify his contact with asbestos is Graham Abbott, a general practitioner.
Like Andrew Lawson, Abbott, 50 years old, suspects that he was exposed to asbestos when he worked in hospitals.
"I worked at the hospital, which had been successfully claims related to asbestos," he says, "But I can't prove it in my case.
So it is difficult to remember all the places where he worked, and the date.
What he remembers clearly the day at the beginning of December 2009, when its wholly overcame something that looked like a flu.
He was 45, and he was in the middle of the operation late in the evening.
The I suddenly erupted.
It started very quickly.
I felt terrible.
I thought that I could go all the way to the house.
As a doctor, Abbott knew that the pain comes from the pleura, shell around the lungs.
However, like Janis Ellen, he simply had no reason to suspect mesothelioma.
In the end, he could not walk to work a month.
Ozadachene doctors were doing chest X-rays and put pleural catheters in order to lift the fluid from the lungs and send it for analysis.
And yet his condition ostavlosi without a diagnosis.
Gradually, his health has improved, and he went back to work.
But from time to time, those same symptoms returned, often after he was engaged in sports and he breathed heavily.
In 2011, one of the patients, Abbott came to him in the reception room with similar symptoms, and he was subsequently diagnosed with mesothelioma. "
But even then, Abbott is not linked it with its own case.
In the end, it was the patient for dozens of years older and worked with asbestos directly.
Link in this case was obvious.
In September 2011, the Abbott deteriorated again, and listened to his doctor showed him the results of the CT and X-ray images of a group of specialists.
In December 2011, exactly two years after Abbott began to feel ill, the sensor, equipped with a camera, was put into the cavity between the shell of his chest and the shell of its light.
I'm an optimist.
I usually just go farther, "he says.
I'm not too upset about it, to be honest.
But Rachel, my wife, experienced.
The biopsy came in the week between Christmas and New Year: "I was told that it is mesothelioma."
Graham Abbott: Diagnosed with mesothelioma
Suddenly, Abbott was in a meeting with Macmillan nurses, one of which offered him to contact a lawyer.
It was then that he realized the extent of the epidemic.
"It turns out that asbestos is widely used, especially in large public buildings, where often there was asbestos insulation on pipes," he says.
People who have been exposed to asbestos in these buildings, now succumb to the disease.
Thus, mesothelioma now afflicts more young people atypical professions.
The most dangerous asbestos-insulated pipes in hospitals were in basements, so it is unlikely that the patients suffered.
But many employees who were held on pedestrian tunnels to get from one building to another (as Andrew Lawson), or ate in the basement canteen (how often did Graham Abbott) almost certainly really were exposed to toxic substances.
For several decades after the war, it turns out, the hospital was a place where, in theory, rescued life for potions, but a place that constituted a threat to life for the doctors who treated them.
He still continue to remove today.
Schoolchildren set their Bunsen burners on asbestos pedestals
And it is not only the hospital.
Asbestos is often used in offices, shops, libraries and series because of his amazing insulation and fire-characteristics.
School too.
In fact, many, most likely for the first time were exposed to asbestos in the classroom.
Across the country, on countless lessons of chemistry, schoolchildren set their Bunsen burners on asbestos pedestals.
Websites have appeared, catering especially attention to the problem of asbestos in schools.
Meanwhile, in our homes, such harmless things as terracotta or roof sheds, usually contained asbestos.
"It is an industrial poison inserted in a huge number of our buildings," says Andrew Morgan, a lawyer who represented Andrew Lawson in the case against the hospital Guy.
In one case, the only contact that could recall the ailing woman, was the demolition of a garden shed in the 1970s.
So be careful, sea garden sheds.
The effect of the diagnosis, when it is known that the disease is incurable, is enormous.
"To realize it takes quite a lot of time," says Graham Abbott.
I went back to work and tried to continue, but realized that I could not focus on what I'm doing.
I spent in the surgery two weeks.
Then I realized that I have to go and deal with them.
Well, I am no longer meet Christmas
One of the most difficult things was the transition from the doctor in the position of the patient.
Like countless patients before him, he remembers how was distracted volume of information that had to be taken.
"It was difficult to realize everything," he says.
"I asked my doctor," How many I have time? "
I gave about 12 months.
I remember how I thought, "Well, I don't meet Christmas.
And everything. ""
Mesothelioma is particularly dangerous because it is the mechanics of how we maintain our lives - the very act of breathing - is a cancer that kills.
Most of the cases mesothelioma caused by contact with asbestos.
Asbestos is composed of tiny fibers.
When asbestos collapses and carcinogenic fibers, they can get stuck in pleure, the lungs.
Asbestos fibers irritate pleure and can cause mutations of cells.
"The problem occurs because of the needle inhalation of asbestos fibers," Professor Tom Trager, cardiotoracal surgeon, who came in 2001 at Guy's hospital.
It is the hospital, where, as suspected Andrew Lawson, he was exposed to asbestos, now, ironically, a leading centre for treatment of mesothelioma.
Treger knew Lawson and treated some of the others who probably was exposed to IALD member firms have access to the hospital.
When the immaculately asbestos fall in lung tissue, Treger says, "breathing pushes them to the periphery, where the shell.
It is, in essence, invasive process from the very beginning.
The usual options for treatment of other forms of cancer is much less efficient at mesothelioma.
The effectiveness of surgical intervention, for example, causes hot debate.
Some think that it is worth a try.
Treger not agree.
"It is impossible to cut pleure," he says.
It is impossible to psychologically around her with a knife.
Meanwhile, the cancer is "not very well to chemotherapy," which "acts" but not people.
"From time to time there are patients who live for a long time," says Treger.
But in the end, they all die.
Fortunately, some patients live much, much longer than expected.
The writer Stephen Jay Gould died 20 years after he was diagnosed.
The two and a half years after diagnosis, Graham Abbott continues to fight.
After he fell ill attributable to mesothelioma, Abbott was introduced to Andrew Lawson, who, four years after diagnosis, unilaterally turned into an office of support and advice for the same patients.
"Allo, cancerous Central," he said cheerfully, when they rang.
"He was very positive," says Abbott.
He was diagnosed four years ago, and he is still very energetic.
First, Abbott offered six cycles of chemotherapy, which would take four months and would have extended his life only a month.
"I was in despair," he says.
I wanted to give up.
Lawson, nevertheless, "managed to give the somewhat more positive coloring."
Meeting with several specialists, Abbott decided to continue the treatment with Professor Loic Lang-Lazdunski, professor of thoracic surgery at the hospital Guy.
"We had the advantage that I had no direction, I just phoned them, and they accepted me," Graham admits.
Average patient would get the direction and the approval for funding.
Money play a crucial role for patients with attributable to mesothelioma in order to get the best out of the existing therapies.
However, when such treatment, finally, inevitably inefficient, many patients still face with a financial reason for concern is about the future of the families that they will leave.
And then they turn to the courts for compensation.
By Andrew Lawson contacted Andrew Morgan of Field Fisher Waterhouse LLP.
"It was known that asbestos is bad for health, since 1898," says Morgan.
But what has changed in the 1960s, is that it became clear that even very small quantity could put their health at risk.
It was then started talking about the bad faith of companies.
Andrew Lawson and the hospital Guy eventually resolve the case, but it was not a "settlement at full price," according to Morgan, as Lawson could not conclusively prove that his mesothelioma was the result of exposure to asbestos at Guy's Hospital.
After the investigation into his death, a hospital spokesman Guy still confirmed, however, that "asbestos in basements that were discussed, was removed in the 1990s."
It was too late for Andrew Lawson.
Remove the asbestos
In fact, bind lethal contact with asbestos to one company or place of work - usually through dozens of years after that - turned out to be a big problem for patients with attributable to mesothelioma, demanding compensation.
Many of their former employers had replaced the owner or closed.
Insurance archives could be lost.
And those who is protected from lawsuits, know that time on their side, which the plaintiffs, of course, is not present.
In response, this year took serious new legislative acts, which facilitate attributable to mesothelioma patients with the process of recovering compensation, even if their former employers cannot be tracked.
In accordance with this law was created by £350-million fund of funds, financed by the insurance industry, for those who was diagnosed after July 2012 and who can prove the contact, but who did not plead with anyone.
In such cases, patients will receive 80 percent of the amount that the court could award in the usual case of compensation - about £120,000.
About 300 successful claims under this scheme is expected every year.
Andrew Morgan, like many who work with patients with attributable to mesothelioma, believes that the £350 million represents a "very good job" for the insurance industry.
"This is the deal, written by insurers for insurers," he says, hinting that the sum is a quarter of what insurers would have to pay if it had not interfered with the time period and sick attributable to mesothelioma could track the company and to sue the usual way.
Even Mike Penning, previously the minister of labor and pensions, acknowledged that the law "imperfect."
However, Peng and Morgan recognize that, with seven people dying every day, rapid action was necessary.
"People are suffering so much, and they need help now," said Peng during the second reading of the Bill of mesothelioma in December last year.
By the time Graham Abbott was in the hands of Professor Lois Lane-Lazdunski 19 months.
After the initial consultations Lang-Lazdunski recommended surgery, which, unlike Tom Trager, he considers effective.
This was followed by a radiotherapy and chemotherapy - tritherapy where Lang-Lazdunski boasts truckloads of 40 percent of patients surviving for five years.
Abbott felt a surge of forces.
"This is, of course, one of the most important things," Abbott says.
You can see it in patients all the time.
There are some force that supports you.
When give up, the condition can deteriorate very quickly.
Graham Abbott went on the operation in March 2012.
By the end of August, he finished the last of six rounds of chemotherapy.
Subsequent scan and showed no trace of the disease.
Then I made a scan in March [2014].
There were a few spots [cancer] in my chest.
I just had to be 50.
It is not the threat of life.
It is the end of life.
Once again, Abbott went through six cycles of chemotherapy.
Now there is no trace of tumors.
However, this process both physically and emotionally heavy.
You can think about practical things - about finances when I die, for example, or about what we need to show his wife, as the timer runs on big prb.
When you get bad news, you become bleak.
Need to look forward.
As his father Ellie, 16 years old, and Tamsin, 14 years old, it is not always easy.
"It is difficult for a parent," he says.
It is hard to understand what to say and how much to say.
When I was diagnosed for the first time, I told the girls that I have the disease, which means that I won't live to old age.
They have reacted very differently.
Tamsin is very sociable and energetic.
She told all his friends, and to us very quickly telephoned many.
Ellie was more subdued.
She did not say much.
Such talk is something what should face all cancer patients.
But for patients with attributable to mesothelioma such discussions do not balance the hope, even a glimmer opportunities to survive.
This is a disease with him (even as, ultimately, for Stephen Jay Gould) grim certainty.
As Andrew Morgan says, "mesothelioma does not represent a threat to life.
The bodies of pharaohs nabalsamirovanh dimensions in asbestos fabric.
Asbestos fibers are used to strengthen the pots and improve).
Pliny the Elder describes asbestos.
Now invented the cloth that did not ignite.
I saw him made of napkins, smouldering on chimneys at banquets
The modern commercial use of asbestos begins in Italy, where it is used to make paper (even banknotes) and fabrics.
Big asbestos mines open in Canada and South Africa, and soon afterwards in America, Italy and Russia.
It is the ideal isolator for steam engines and turbines of the Industrial Revolution.
The global production of asbestos grows to more than 30,000 tons per year.
Statistics from the Prudential reveal premature mortality among those who work with asbestos and that therefore denied life insurance.
Nelly Kershaw dies in Rochdale.
Dr. William Cook shows that the particles of asbestos in her lungs were "undoubtedly the main cause of death."
It is the first case of this type.
Employers Kershaw, Turner Bros Asbestos, does not recognize the responsibility.
The compensation is paid.
During the Second World War, intensively developing shipbuilding, one of the most fatally dangerous professions in terms of exposure to asbestos.
Voluntary industrial ban on the import of blue asbestos
The Court of Appeal confirmed the first successful claim about the dangers of health caused as a result of exposure to asbestos in the UK.
The global production of asbestos grows more than 4213000 tons per year.
The United Kingdom imports 139,000 tons.
The executive committee on health and industrial safety in the UK requires that all contractors working with asbestos, received a license.
The import and use of blue and brown asbestos is prohibited by law in the UK.
The use of asbestos is prohibited in the UK.
The act of mesothelioma adopted in the UK.
The scheme of compensation in the amount of £350 million declared.
Asbestos is banned in more than 50 countries, but white asbestos is still used in cheap construction materials in many parts of the world.
Global production is roughly at the level of 2 million tons per year.
China refuses to give Hong Kong the right to choose leaders; the protesters vow revenge
China's parliament decided on Sunday not to allow Hong Kong voters to nominate candidates for the 2017 elections, despite growing demands for democratic reform.
Such a move is likely to mark the beginning of long-promised protests in the central business district of Hong Kong, as activists began planning and mobilization in just a few hours after that statement.
The National People's Congress, in essence, allows the communist leaders to remove all the candidates who are not loyal to Beijing.
"It's not obmanulo our expectations, but still infuriating," said lawmaker Emily Lau, the chairman of the Democratic Party.
It is not what Beijing had promised.
They betrayed the people of Hong Kong.
And it is obvious that we are dealing with the authoritarian regime.
Defending the decision of China, Li Fey, deputy general secretary of the Permanent Committee of the National People's Congress, said that to allow the national nomination at the election of Hong Kong would be too "chaotic."
Since 1997, when Britain handed control of Hong Kong back to China, Beijing promised to allow residents of the region through a vote to choose the head of the government, starting in 2017.
Chinese leaders have made the decision on Sunday as a democratic step forward because it gives gongs the right to direct voting; however, the decision also makes clear that Chinese leaders will continue to hold the process in his hands with the help of the commission for the appointment of candidates, rigidly controlled from Beijing.
And, according to a new article, only candidates who "love the country and love Hong Kong" will be allowed.
The decision was taken after the summer, when there have been some of the most massive and received wide publicity protests in Hong Kong for many years.
For a large part of the democratic campaign in Hong Kong is the movement occupy Central With Love and Peace, the organizers of which threatened to shut down Hong Kong's financial district, if Beijing does not guarantee genuine universal suffrage.
On Sunday evening, a few hours after the announcement, hundreds of supporters occupy Central gathered in the rain in front of the government headquarters in Hong Kong.
At the demonstration, the organizers claimed that their movement is moving to a new phase of civil disobedience and that they will rise on the waves of protest in the coming weeks.
Nevertheless, they have not reported the details, apparently seeking to avoid problems with state authorities.
In an online statement, the organizers said that the movement "obdumyvalo opportunity to capture the central district only as an exceptional measures, actions that can be taken only if all the possibilities of dialogue have been exhausted and there is no other choice.
It is with great regret that we announce that today all the possibilities of dialogue have been exhausted and the seizure of the central district undoubtedly will take place.
State authorities in Hong Kong were preparing for the Beijing a few days, and on Sunday at the headquarters of the government's security measures were strengthened with the involvement of the police and barricades.
At the heart of the unrest is the feeling among many in Hong Kong that they slowly lose control of their own city.
The influx of residents from the mainland strengthens competition in the field of goods and services.
Also intensifying the fear that Hong Kong's values, such as democracy and freedom of speech, begin to weaken under increasing pressure from Beijing.
Some criticize the movement occupy Central, saying that his demonstrations expose business - the lifeblood of Hong Kong.
"The protest, which they say, it could lead to huge economic damage depending on how many people will participate and for how long," said lawmaker Regina Ip, who has long criticized the movement.
We do not want to spread anxiety about what Hong Kong out of control.
This picture, which is harmful for investment.
Chinese state media also gave reports in recent days, in which Hong Kong activists of the democratic movements were shown poorer classes, napravlaemsmi Western powers.
This summer, the activists organized an unofficial referendum on electoral law, which drew the 7th - more than one-fifth of voters in Hong Kong.
And in July, tens of thousands took to one of the largest democratic demonstrations in the history of the region.
The American culture balls comes to university life: Pervocursnikam offered arriving on a private jet
We are happy to respond to such a demand by launching the first in the UK luxury travel service for current students.
In order to leave the vivid impression from the arrival at the university, the company also offers transportation options such as personal aircraft, Rolls-Royce Phantom, Aston Martin or McLaren P1.
Mr. Stewart also said that the service thought about security.
This service is an ideal alternative for students, which usually have to carry their belongings across the country in dangerously strained machine.
In conjunction with our new options for VIF, we look forward to how this year will help students get to university with a minimum of effort and a maximum number of luxury.
The spokesman said that since the service had just launched, orders have not received, but added that "the students begin to book this service in the next few weeks."
The company also said that despite the fact that the students should be the need to pay tuition fees of £9,000 per year, she still hopes to find a market for this service.
Today's students are quite different from the students of 10, 20, 30 or 40 years ago in terms of expectations and hopes, is more important than ever to make a great first impression, and VIF - exactly what it takes.
Nevertheless, the National Union of Students criticized this service as the organiser comes from reality.
Megan Dunn, vice-president of the NSS on Higher Education, said: "This project is incredibly, separated from the lives of most students.
Many of the students, who this month will begin to study at the university, faced with the cost of living crisis, when available financial support in the form of loans and grants do not keep up with the rapidly rising costs for basic needs before they can even start thinking about how to remove thousands of pounds on something like a simple arrival at the hostel.
Feminists are raising the issue of racial identity and behavior of the police after Ferguson
Unarmed teenager was killed by a police officer in Ferguson, Missouri, earlier this month.
Newcomers are raising their hands, chanting: "Hands up, don't shoot" while they are waiting in the queue before burial.
After two weeks of protests in Ferguson, Missouri, related to the killing of an unarmed teenager Michael Brown, a blogger Miriam Zoila Perez noticed a shift in online conversation among white feminists.
In her experience, the white feminists that leave comments put gender above race, when it comes to promoting reproductive rights and income inequality.
However, as the tension grew in the Midwest and attracted nationwide attention, Peres saw the responses of white women who concentrated on 100 percent on the race.
Compared to the reaction of black women shortly after the murder on August 9, personal essays with such titles as "thoughts about Ferguson on behalf of a white woman" and "feminism is not only about the internal repression of women" appeared relatively late.
But for Peres, they demonstrated a significant shift.
"In feminism, I don't think there are many people who are talking about the white skin and privileges at such a high level," she said.
People felt the need to say something about what has happened.
It is very symbolic for the crisis that we face, and because the situation (in Ferguson) is so tied to race, they felt that it is necessary to specify.
For a professor of English at the University of Ohio Corita Mitchell Ferguson exposed the problems that American blacks face every day, but that is not perceived as "female problems" in the cultural sphere.
"I can write something funny on Facebook about what's going on with me and my partner, and get 150 Likes from everywhere," says Mitchell.
When I write something about how colored people are attacked in his own country, stuns the silence.
"Why do women safely to speak publicly about the relationship, but not about security in the public sphere?" She asks.
For black women, like Mitchell, who studied the questions of race, gender and sexuality in the history of the United States, there is no dichotomy between the issues concerning race and gender.
From her point of view, black women are in a position to clearly share these problems; they are faced with a difficult reality every day.
While white women now unite issues of race and gender in feminist mainstream, Angela Hatter, professor of women's and gender studies at George Mason University, says that their predecessor did the opposite.
"Between 1865 and 1890, lynched at least 10,000 black men, and the reason it is almost always served the rape of a white woman," said Hattori.
What was needed was a white woman, confirming the story to justify vigilantism.
In terms of Hattori, the gap between white and black women occurred when white the suffragists, for example, Susan B. Anthony examined the situation in the late 1800s, and saw that the fight for suffrage will be effective only for one of the groups: Women or blacks.
"They decided to put down all the eggs in the basket voting rights for women, and voting rights for blacks had to appear later," said Hattori.
Look back on such things gives us a clear idea of why colored women do not trust the white women.
We have done nothing good.
We never helped black women to protect their husbands and sons.
Even after women won the right to vote in 1920, it took ten years to white women united against the mob lynchings in the Association of Women of the South for preventing mob lynchings.
This group appeared almost 40 years after black women have asked for help, Mitchell said.
In terms of Mitchell, the reactions of white feminists on the problems raised the situation in Ferguson, is the behavior of the police, racial discrimination - reflects a time when white a feminist had to "catch up" the problems that black women enquiring in several generations.
"However, it would be good if the promoters who have the [traditional] gestures ideology, would seriously for the right to raise a child, as they are for the right to contraception?" Asked Mitchell.
The second wave of feminists who have made a career in the fight for reproductive rights and access to contraceptives, now begin to understand what it means.
A well-known white activist feminists movement Gloria Steinem two weeks after the murder of Michael Brown took advantage of Facebook and published a harsh article columnist Guardian Rebecca Carroll, who demanded that white Americans were more involved in the protests on the issues of racism.
"I hope that women who have a different, but similar reason to understand the danger in the body - and points of view on racial issues that are substantially different in public polls - will be at the head of a change," wrote Steinem.
Although Steinem responsible for more persectives feminism that includes and problems of race and gender, her comments about race in America still has some surprises.
The researcher of the American entrepreneurial Institute of Cristina Sommers, author of "Who stole feminism?," said She The People that young men in the United States, especially colored young people, "is much more vulnerable than their sisters," but keeping Steinem about Ferguson contradict criticism that it previously expressed.
Now we have hundreds of special programs for girls and young women, but almost nothing for the boys.
However, when the White House recently initiated a small program, "Stroz to my brother" to help vulnerable blacks and among Hispanic youths, followed angry reaction from many feminists, including from Gloria Steinem.
Police relations with the black community is not the only problem, proge advanced line of traditional feminism.
After the United States Coast Guard arrested about 63000 unaccompanied minors in the south-western border of the country this year, immigration reform came to the surface again - this time as the problem of women.
Andrea Mercado, co-chairman of the We Belong Together, an organization that mobilizes women in support of immigration reform, said that in order to raise this issue as important for women, she had only to share stories of immigrant women.
"They speak for themselves," said Mercado.
When the vast majority of immigrant work visas are issued [men], the women who come to them, find themselves in the position, vulnerable to domestic violence and exploitation.
"These stories are finding response from women's organizations," she said.
Ipswich house "with life" for sale
A picture of the house, putting up for sale in the rental, real estate agents had been removed, when it turned out that it depicts a large pig, goes in the living room.
Displayed for sale for £120,000, a separate one-bedroom house is on a private road in Ipsvic.
A detailed description of the photo was living at home - where the pig was depicted with his head, the interpretation on the couch.
Connells estate agency reported that the pig in the photos is an owner of the house.
"However, the picture was posted by mistake and has already been removed," said a company spokesman.
In a detailed description of the house, Connells described the former house of assembly as "a separate one-bedroom house."
Despite the fact that the agency barred a photo from his website, it still persists in promotional materials.
The sale of the house has raised interest in social networks, where some asked whether the pig is sold along with the house.
The Russian tennis player Maria Sharapova in the fourth round of the US Open ustupivshaya Carolyn Wozniacki, believes that it lacks stability.
According to the athlete, she wants to finish the year with dignity and try to get to the next level, reports from New York, Vasily Osipov.
How do you generally appreciate their results on the tournaments "Grand Slam" this year?
Of course, I'm glad that I managed to win the "Roland Garros."
As for the other three tournaments, then I don't have enough stability, especially in concs some matches.
Now I, of course, upset.
It could not even go to the BC.
What tasks put in front of him until the end of the season?
After the defeat of offensive words I have a huge motivation to go to the next level.
I have a lot to work on, and I'm going to do everything possible to finish the year.
Asian series of tournaments begins in a couple of weeks.
A member of the State Duma Committee for Physical Culture, Sports and Youth, a former world champion Nikolai Valuev proposed for the fulfilment of the TRP giving bonuses upon admission to universities.
He said that in general regulations will be the same as in Soviet times, "people will take regulations for tightening, running and other exercises.
The 12 subjects of Russia will begin to implement on September 1, the TRP norms on its territory.
I also offered students who passed the TRP, giving bonuses upon admission to universities, "said Valuev.
For example, it can be a little to add points to the exam.
There are also proposals to give an additional output to employees of enterprises that passed the sporting tests.
In the town of Harvey in South Wales has a new millionaire after winning the lottery
The player in the lottery of Harvey this month.
We are looking for a new millionaire in the south-west of Perth, where one lucky will take home nearly $1.1 million from the lottery drawing on Saturday night.
Newsstand in Harvey brings gold to win the main prize for the second time in five years, the last winnings totaled $1 million in November 2009.
But the lucky winner has yet to declare ourselves.
Shop owner Steve Forwards said that the win sparked excitement in a small town south-west of Perth.
The whole city says about it, and everyone is very excited.
We thought that such a win could be secret.
The eight winners from Western Australia celebrated winning the prize last month, noting the completion of several successful weeks for state players.
Last week, the player of Canning Weil was one of five millionaires in August, following a $7.5 million gain a couple of Belmont in just a few weeks before that.
Winning a couple of plays for twenty years and said that the win gave them the opportunity to travel the world and buy a new home.
A millionaire from Harvey brings the number of gainers the main prize in Western Australia to 59 this year, with a total payout of $85 million.
Ministry wants to accelerate the growth of the market for electric cars
This week, the Ministry will make the government a comprehensive plan for the development of environmentally friendly vehicles in Russia, told the director of the Department of the Ministry of Oleg Pluzhnikov at the round table, which conducted the "Vedomosti" at the Moscow Motor Show - 2014.
The plan is made on behalf of the government, one of the main goals is the reduction of greenhouse gas emissions.
It is expected that the document would be adopted in late September and early October, says Pluzhnikov, the proposed measures concerning electric cars and hybrids - a plan for the development of vehicles on gazomotornom fuel in Russia is already there.
The plan (a copy of Vedomosti) is designed for 2014-2017.
To develop criteria for evaluation of electric and hybrid vehicles and decide how to stimulate the use and production of environmentally friendly vehicles.
The report to the government, which will be described tax and customs measures to support electric transport, will be prepared by December 2014; the concessional lending and concessional leasing will appear by April 2015; and proposals to reduce the prices of cars, stimulate the localization and creation of service infrastructure will be developed by October 2015.
In 2014-2015 is expected to make changes in the regulatory and legal acts to ease conditions for the construction of infrastructure charge (on the car parks, petrol stations, etc.).
In addition, federal officials are committed during 2015 to formulate proposals for regional authorities to also stimulate the use of environmentally friendly vehicles - in the form of granting him the advantages when driving and parking, for example; and by February 2016 - and suggestions about the expansion of government purchases of such vehicles.
Finally, the Ministry of Economic Development already by October 2014 would contribute to the list of indicators of regional authorities assessment criteria, reflecting the effectiveness of support for the production of environmentally friendly transport, development of infrastructure charge.
Electric vehicle market in Russia is still only formed in 2013 across the country sold about 100 electric vehicles.
At the beginning of 2014 obnulena the import duty on electric cars, so the sales will be approximately 500 pieces, predicts CEO of Mitsubishi Motors in Russia Andrei Pankov.
But the pioneer growth of electric cars is not doing anything noticeable: In 2013 in Russia, according to the Association of European Businesses, sold 2.78 million cars and light commercial vehicles.
While in Russia electric cars imports only Mitsubishi Motors.
Start importing prepares Renault - the company is focused primarily on corporate clients, says the director for strategic planning and partnerships of Renault in Russia Nicolas shafts.
Most of the other manufacturers of electric vehicles took toward Russia wait-and-see attitude.
There are electric vehicle development and Russian manufacturers - "" GAZ directors, "" but trivial issue.
For example, in January - July 2014, according to the Automotive Holding, "" AvtoVAZ "released 30 electric vehicles.
The demand is due to the cost of electric vehicles, admits AvtoVAZ engineering director Sergey Hamans without state support for a breakthrough in this segment will not....
The development of the Russian market for electric vehicles in addition to the cost of cars (those electric cars that are sold in Russia, on average, twice as much as the analogues with internal combustion engines) holds an underdeveloped infrastructure charge (stations - units), sighs CEO "AutoStat" Sergei telic.
Because of the cost and low rate of decline in the cost of electric cars in the next 3-4 years remain niche segment of the Russian market, predicts editor-in-chief "Avtorevu" Mikhail Podorozhansky, telic agrees with him.
Automakers, on the other hand, say that some models of electric vehicles are already close to the value of the ordinary.
The Russian market for electric cars good prospects, the main thing - instill confidence in consumers that "electromobility" is real; this, in particular, will contribute to the emergence of the new charging stations, underscores the president of BMW Group in Russia, Wolfgang Slime.
Such infrastructure projects implements, for example, the state "Rossetti": In Moscow built several stations, soon there will be about 80.
Negotiations on the construction of a network of gas stations are conducted with other regions.
According to the director of "Rosseta" Vladimir Sofina, the company believes in the electric vehicle market and is ready to build gas stations across the country, but there are problems: A small number of electric cars in the country and the lack of a single standard for charging different brands.
In addition, the "Rossetti" as the company does not have the right to sell electricity, the possibility to do this in relation to the charging.
Punk believes the most effective measure of state support for the formation of electric vehicle market in Russia intended to customs duties.
Zero rate will act until the end of 2014, the possibility of its renewal and expansion of preferential list.
The replacement of the transport tax on ecological (the idea is discussed and concerns of all machines) also will support the market, but not as palpable as customs preferences, Pankov said.
Transport tax in Russia is small, says Pankov, unlike, for example, from Norway, where tax cuts led to a sharp rise in sales of electric vehicles - now account for 12% of the market.
Russia needs and stimulus measures for car owners, such as free parking in the city centre (as is already done in Moscow), I am sure Pankov, or the possibility of electric cars in dedicated lanes that Russia does not.
A private jet crashed in Colorado
The single-Piper PA-46 crashed in the U.S. state of Colorado.
Three of the five people who are in it, were killed, ITAR-TASS.
The survivors delivered to the hospital.
The accident occurred a few kilometers from the runway of the airport of Denver.
Now are the causes of the tragedy.
In Donetsk region deals with the prisoners militants battalion "Donbass."
Surrounded the chastisers under Ilovaisky.
They were committed to their own commanders, and dozens of security forces were killed under fire.
Those who survived, say that if they knew what is actually the situation in the south-east of Ukraine, would not go to war.
108 prisoners could be called sastlivchikami.
Carle of the battalion "Donbass" remained alive after the "slaughter" in which they are trapped under Ilovaisky.
Surrounded by the army of the Donetsk People's Republic fighters spent several days, virtually abandoned by his commanders and authorities of Ukraine.
When the Staff reported that the "ring" can go for allegedly provided by the corridor, the column has moved.
But just a couple of minutes from all sides booed shells and bullets.
"Judging from the information that I have given, we had a corridor, we were allowed to go," says acting deputy battalion commander with a callsign "Lermontov."
And when we went down to between Mnogopolem and Cervonoselskim nisin, began the crossfire with anti-tank guided missiles, with "sus," 30-millimeter grenade launchers, automatic guns BMD, small arms.
There were four cars in front of me and behind the three eventually left only two cars.
The officer to call "Lermontov" tells: At least 60 people were killed and dozens were injured, many have died later.
Surviving militants now provide medical assistance to those whom they came to kill.
Now, prisoners are surprised that the so-called "terrorists" were treated well, give food and medicines.
While their own commanders actually conned them and condemned to certain death.
Simply betrayed us, "they say.
The convoy, the entire battalion to destroy it.
In the Donbass battalion, like many of his comrades, Alexei enrolled as a volunteer in the Ukrainian news told about atrocities that allegedly had been in the south-east of the "separatists."
Alexey already here saw a very different picture.
His mother was killed in Luhansk - and not someone, and the Ukrainian military.
I phoned a friend, said that the shelling minuet goes, the more likely it is the Ukrainian armed forces, "says one of the soldiers, Alexei.
Afterwards, I wanted to leave from the battalion.
We could not leave Ilovaisk, said that we are in the ring.
I have already agreed with the commander, the report had already written about care.
Us with fees from Zurahovo immediately taken in Ilovaisk.
According to the captives, in the "pot" under Ilovaisky stuck a 300-350.
Now some survivors admit that if it were turning back the clock, punishing the battalion that they would not have entered.
All the captives transferred militias DNR security officials.
Each check on his involvement in war crimes.
In the region created the headquarters to restrict food prices
In the Krasnoyarsk region created headquarters, which will limit the growth of prices for products on the market in the region.
The decree on the creation of this structure has already signed.
The Staff were members of the government, representatives of the executive and supervisory agencies.
Together they will monitor the prices for agricultural products in the region.
Lead Economy - whether Vozmestit Kiev Rosneft $140 million of losses?
The head of Rosneft, Igor Sechin said that the company assesses the damage from the shelling of Lisan refinery in Ukraine at $140 million.
This, he said in an interview with Spiegel.
"We assess the damage at $140 million and will negotiate with the Ukrainian government about the payment of compensation," Sechin said.
He said the commissioning of the modernized by Lisichansk Refinery was planned in 2014.
However, part of the plant was destroyed by the Ukrainian artillery.
"There was no fighting, there was no" entrenched insurgents, "but the Ukrainian artillery destroyed part of the industrial facility.
In addition, the vanishing technological oil zakachannaya in the pipes, "he said.
Recall, on July 18, in connection with the fire Lisan refinery burned down an oil storage tank and destroyed the building of two warehouses.
Lisichansk Refinery is the main refinery in Ukraine, the first phase of the plant was put into operation in October 1976
The total capacity of Lisan refinery is about 7 million tons of oil per year.
The plant is capable of producing the fuel standard "Euro-4" as well as the party donation of "Euro-5."
In March 2012, oil supplies at the Lisichansk Refinery were suspended in connection with his ubytochnostu.
The company, it was decided to start repairs.
A year later Rosneft received the Lisichansk Refinery, along with other Ukrainian assets of TNK-BP.
The DPRK made the launch of a short-range projectile in the Sea of Japan.
According to South Korean media, it happened around 10: 30 a.m. local time on the part of the Chegando province, which is located on the border of North Korea and China.
As told "Interfax" in the Joint Chiefs of Staff Committee of South Korea, supposedly, a rocket fell into the sea after flying about 220 kilometers.
The ruble falls against the background of geopolitical pressure
The Moscow stock market, the dollar rose at the opening on 3 kopecks to 37,15 rubles, the ruble fell to a currency basket amid geopolitical tensions.
Trading on the descriptions of the dollar started transactions within the boundaries of the 37,11-37.2 rubles / $1 on average over the course of two minutes recorded at the level of 37,16 rubles / $1, 4 kopecks above the level of the previous closing.
The euro stood at 48,79 rubles per 1 euro, 3 kopecks above the level of the previous closing.
The price of currency basket added 3.5 kopecks and amounted to RUR 42,395
The U.S. dollar is traded at 23 kopecks higher than the official rate, the euro is 16 kopecks higher than the official rate.
The Russian market on Friday, August 29, continued its rapid decline, but there was no panic at this time.
Continued to become cheaper and the ruble and even updated a historic high against the dollar.
Now, investors are already pre-playing sold-deterioration of the geopolitical situation and possible new sanctions against Russia.
So far, however, it looks more like a faux hysterics, overblown by the media, particularly in the West.
Variants of imposing new sanctions on the Russian Federation is not so much already.
TeleTRADE "At the opening of the Moscow stock continues to a sharp weakening of the ruble against a currency basket.
The geopolitical backdrop remains the determining factor.
However, if in the near future, we do not see a new negativity, and Russian indexes, and the position of the national currency can corrected.
"Orenburg airlines" will plead with "Ideal-tour."
"Orenburg airlines" faced "Ideal-tour" claims totaling 4.7 billion rubles.
It is about two cases, the meeting will take place in October.
Consider cases will be different judges.
According to Interfax, the first lawsuit was filed on August 14.
The sum of slightly more than 425 million rubles.
The meeting is scheduled for October 7.
The second statement was filed on August 18.
The amount of 4,24 billion rubles.
The meeting is scheduled for October 2.
According to journalists at the Russian Union of Tourism, the judges are different.
In July, the media about the debt "Ideal-tour" in front of "Orenburg airlines" in the amount of 1.5 billion rubles.
The airline CEO Victor Zukin says about the sum of 1.6 billion rubles.
Aeroflot CEO Vitaly Saveliev calls an even greater amount - two billion rubles.
Twitter tried to become more interesting for new users
The service Twitter also changed the process of registering users to quickly engage new participants in an active interaction with the platform.
This measure should reduce the number of people zabrosivshih their microblogs.
Now the new Twitter users will view during the registration of a large number of recommended service accounts to immediately make a circle of reading.
The recommendations are based on the registration of interests.
While Twitter automatically installs a tick on a subscription for all automatically selected accounts.
Because of this, the user will also shoot them not to read those who are not interested in him.
If earlier service users also saw only avatars recommended users, Twitter now displays a sample of one of the most popular tweets blogger to help get an impression of the man.
It is the largest change in the registration page Twitter over the last three years.
Recently, Twitter is actively working on the modernization of the service.
This activity is associated primarily with the service's ongoing attempts to reach the breakeven point.
In 2014, the service also faced with slowing growth in the user base and the fall of the activity of readers.
The company is currently desperately needs more loyal resource consumers who by time, would remain for a long time.
The only way to ensure a steady stream of advertising funds.
The day of knowledge in Moscow will be sabn and rainy
The first of September in the Moscow region throughout the day will be cool and rainy, meteorologists say.
Temperature in Moscow will be from 16 to 18 degrees, in the Moscow region - 13-18 degrees.
Cloudy weather with clearings seats will be rain, wind the eastern quarter of this will be quite weak - just 3-8 meters per second.
The recycling of cars was resumed on September 1
On September 1, in Russia to renew the program for the recycling of vehicles.
Until December 31, 2014, for these goals will be allocated 10 billion rubles.
As the head of the Russian Minpromtorg's Denis PhD in Economic Sciences Manturov, money allocated from the limits that have already conveyed to the Ministry of Industry and Trade of the Russian Federation through the redistribution of support from other directions.
The program touches all vehicles older than six years.
The amount of compensation from $40 thousand for the car up to 350 thousand rubles for cargo.
Earlier in Russia has already acted a similar car recycling program.
The main difference of the current project, the minister explained, is that it is not only the utilization of machines to obtain further discounts, but also an opportunity in the case if the car had reached the age of more than six years, to buy a new discount at the time of the old "trade-in" the dealer, Interfax news agency reports.
On the previous federal recycling program, working from January 1, 2010 to December 31, 2011, was spent more than 16 billion rubles.
Thanks to her, the level of production of passenger cars in 2010 amounted to about 1.2 million units (plus 101,4% compared to 2009).
The creator of the Coming Out Simulator will release the game about modern journalism
Gamedesigner Nikki Case, known for playing Coming Out Simulator decided to release the game of modern journalism.
He told about his project in an interview with Kill Screen.
The case began work on the game a few weeks ago, however, widely known this fact received just now.
A source of inspiration for the game became the events in Ferguson, where now there are protests that began after police killed an unarmed black teenager.
The focus of the project, which so far has no name, will be how the stories affects their consequences.
Hero of the game, a civilian journalist, should be taking pictures of what is happening in areas where clashes between police and citizens.
The hero can differently photograph events that will affect the course of events.
If he meets the scene so that the police will look like heroes, and protesters - bandits, the police will be better for him and lobbing where ordinary people can't pass.
If he will cover the events differently, his photographs may turn peaceful protests in the large-scale revolt.
Points in the game will need to recruit with the help of the hero claimed that will appear new subscribers, if the photos posted there will be popular.
While the game has no name.
Release date and the platform on which it will appear, are unknown.
Case, however, has published the image, showing how the event could change depending on how done and handled a photograph of him.
In an interview with Kill Screen Case explained that he thought the concept of this game for a long time, but not originally wanted to dedicate her protests in the US, and the events in the Gaza Strip.
After he started collecting material for the game, gamedesigner realized that he lacks the knowledge and skills to cover the history of the region.
However, when he saw how the media cover the events in Ferguson, he decided to make a game based on what happened.
Nikki Case is an independent developer, who produces the browser games.
The most famous of his project became Coming Out Simulator, released in 2014.
This game, in which talks about the events of the biography of the Keys, devoted to how bisexual teenager tries to tell about their relations homophobic parents.
Heletey is dragging Ukraine in the continuation of bloodshed
A call to prepare for another "tens of thousands" of victims of the Ukrainian Defence Minister Valery Heletey is dragging people to prevent the continuation of the confrontation, the Russian Foreign Ministry said in a message.
"In Moscow, of course, pay attention to the remarks of the Ukrainian defense minister Valery Geletey, who said about" the completion of the operation on the release of the East of Ukraine from terrorists "and" the beginning of the Great Patriotic War, "which will be based at the loss of" tens of thousands. "
The adequacy of the defense minister of Ukraine, the publisher on his page on the Facebook post, is a subject for research specialists not in the military field, "it said in a message of Russian diplomats.
They could hardly believe that such statements may belong to the defense minister of civilized state.
On his Facebook page in Ukraine's defense minister wrote on Monday: "According to unofficial channels of the Russian side has already threatened several times that in the case of the continuation of the resistance they are willing to use tactical nuclear weapons against us."
He said that "the operation to liberate the east of Ukraine" is completed.
Perez Hilton removed all the intimate images of stars and apologized
Today, the horror gripped more than 60 stars in Hollywood.
Hackers have broken into primitive passwords in iCloud (data warehouse) in smartphones, after which their intimate pictures appeared on the website of the BBC judge Perez Hilton.
However, briefly.
Recall, the official representative of the stars of "hungry games" Jennifer Lawrence has already informed about the theft of photos with her mobile phone do, and also confirmed that all the shots that "shine" on the Web is genuine.
Perez Hilton is the creator of the site-tabloid, apologized actress Jennifer Lawrence and her colleagues for the publication of their explicit images, writes The Independent.
No, no one forced me to do that.
With me not connected to their agents.
And now I delete sexually explicit photos of Jennifer Lawrence and Victoria Justice, "the blogger wrote on Twitter.
However, all of the sexually explicit photos of stars already had on the Web.
David Beckham got in an accident, hiding from the paparazzi
David Beckham got in an accident on a motorbike to escape the paparazzi.
It happened in Los Angeles at the corner on Sunset Boulevard.
The British footballer escaped with ushibom and pulled muscles of the right hand.
Beckham came out of the tattoo-salon where his admiring the paparazzi.
Ullan from their persecution on a motorcycle, he failed to turn with management and fell, writes TMZ, citing sources close to footballist.
In the end, Beckham got hurt, stretching the muscles of the right hand and scratches.
Tony Stewart crashed, returning to the track
The return of Tony Stewart on the track ended already slightly more than in the middle of the race at Atlanta Motor Speedway.
Stewart hit the wall for the second time after his right front tire ruptured on 172 circle, putting an end to his performance.
Stewart has increased its prepe car to the garage and then left without talking to reporters.
Head of his team Chad Johnston said 14 members of the team are upset, but now the focus on the race in the following weekend in Richmond, Virginia.
"I would like to be more successful attempt and more successful finish for him," Johnston said.
We go to Richmond and, hopefully, there you get better.
Stewart first hit the wall earlier in the race Sunday evening after a collision with Kile Bush, which would require repair of the right side of his car.
"I started today with a pretty big hope is to win," Johnston said, adding, "Simply failed."
Shortly after the second accident, the car Stuart was put on a tow truck, and the team gathered and was ready to leave.
Stewart missed three NASCAR Sprint Cup race after his car hit and killed another driver during the race on a dirt track in upstate New York.
He decided to return this week, and he needed to win, or in Atlanta, or on the following races in Richmond to take part in Presledovanii.
He returned to work during the investigation into the tragic incident, which killed 20-year-old Kevin Ward Jr., who came out on the track to express dissatisfaction with Stewart during the race.
Law enforcement reported on Friday that the trial of the causes of the accident will continue for at least another two weeks.
The decision about whether Stewart charged, was not accepted.
Three-times champion was met with loud applause and acclamations, when he represented before the race.
Starting with the 12-th position, Stewart walked in the first 10 at the beginning of the race, come up to the fourth position.
Then, on the 122nd lap after restarting the Bush administration.
The 18 left the trajectory on the exit of turn 2 and a 14-Stuart, both of his car into the wall.
Stewart continued, but behind to 21-th position.
Sobchak and hit their cigarettes with Zhvanetsky in Odessa
Ksenia Sobchak and Maxim hit are now in Odessa, TV presenter not to announce in his Instagram.
However, one picture is very surprised and very mutile fans pair.
Picture made from the Zhvanetskiy.
"At a breakfast with Mikhail Michalica Zhvanetskiy Maxim explains what Instagram:)) # odessa international airport," signed a photo of Ksenia Sobchak.
However, in addition to cigarettes on the table there is nothing.
No coffee, rolls, butter and other things.
The pair decided that Ksyusha also smokes, and condemned her for it.
"A cigarette whose?," Smoking kills!, "" the exact cigarette breakfast), "" would be mixed at breakfast, and on the table only cigarettes))), "" Xenia, you also smoke? "- sorely distressed for his pet subscribers of its blog.
It recently Sobchak boasts what a delicious dinner for the first time in his life has prepared her Maxim hit.
"Happiness is when you reach the dacha, and her husband to your arrival prepared dinner (for the first time in married life, but what вкусный.Главное to now at the end of the dinner did not say the words of the joke:" To now so it every day, "boasts her husband Ksenia Sobchak.
The picture shows that Maxim is preparing something with affection, and on the table already filed pickles and roasted chicken.
Prison employees of Bulgaria held a national protest
Hundreds of prison officers from all over Bulgaria held a national protest in front of the Ministry of Justice in the capital Sofia.
During the peaceful demonstration, they repeated their demands to return the previous working conditions, which were recently changed.
Wage increases are also included in the list of requirements that will be discussed with the interim justice minister Christo Ivanov.
Within a month, the officers expressed a symbolic protest against the new work schedule, demanding to return the previous 24-hour shifts.
Despite the fact that the union of prison officers repeatedly met with representatives of the Ministry of Justice, an agreement was reached, according to Bulgarian national radio (independence).
Talks continue, but policemen told the head of the Main Directorate of the penal system Zhelyazkov name has been Mehmech kjoy.
It is expected that the union to protest prison officers will join members of the Federation of Trade Unions of employees of the Ministry of the Interior.
The army controls the new government of Thailand
The general Prayuth (right) has appointed to the post of defense minister Pravit Wongsuna (left)
The military ruler, and Thailand's Prime Minister General Prayuth Chan-Oca announced the composition of the new cabinet of the country, where more than a third of the positions are held by the generals or retired generals.
Representatives of the army received key positions: The ministers of defense, finance, foreign affairs and trade.
On Monday, Prayuth Chan-Oca was officially confirmed as prime minister after the King of Thailand officially approved the appointment of the interim military government to this post.
The 60-year-old military, usurped power in the country in a bloodless coup on May 22, was the only candidate for the premiership post.
He was elected prime minister at a meeting of the parliament.
Previously, the army appointed members of parliament.
According to Prayuth Chan-Oca, the coup was the only way to maintain stability.
He was preceded by demonstrations lasted from six months, during which protesters demanded the resignation of the government of Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra.
Officially Prayut Chan-Oca will be the interim prime minister, as the military plan to hold a general election at the end of 2015.
However, there are fears that the military is trying to strengthen its power in the country.
The military came to power on May 22
Against the backdrop of complete paralysis of civil authorities.
The leaders of the main political parties were subjected to temporary arrest.
Immediately after the military came to power, they have the temporary arrest of the country's leading politicians, including Prime Minister Yingluk Shinawatra.
There were also detained some journalists and public figures.
The current political crisis dates back to 2006, when the army shifted from the post of prime minister Thaksin Shinawatra Yingluk's brother.
Both of them are popular among the rural population, especially in the northern regions of the country that has ensured them a success at the polls.
However, many members of the middle class and metropolitan elite entered antipravitelstvennoe movement that since November 2013, almost left the country.
Nobody said that in a salad mussels will be better, I promise you this, the waitress otshuchivaetsya from the new brasserie Palm.
Must formally acknowledge that this is true, but the mind and the stomach remain adamant.
All have long known: We say "Belgium" - mean mussels, we say "mussels" - mean "Belgium."
Ресторатори like glubocomyslenno claim that the success of the institution depends on three factors: It's location, location and location.
There are some places that are not that good, and even excellent, but some nevezucie.
In short, for taking a table Palm, I remembered that once there was a cafe "City" (in honor of the same TV shows), then "Odessa-Mom" and even "Beaujolais" restaurant and beer "Druzhba."
Now here again the beer, but no longer nostalgically-Soviet and Belgian.
Above the ground is only the tip of the iceberg: A bar and a couple of tables, everything else space without even a hint of sunlight.
But the fun here, as in the nursery: Red, yellow and green walls, multicoloured chairs, instead of windows - TVs, where girls swim-mermaids.
Belgian institution in St. Petersburg has no longer a novelty, so there is something to compare with.
Here are eight species of draught beer (260-300 rubles per 0.5 liters) and countless bottled (170-1550 rubles).
Compae-positive the waitress cheerfully presents a menu, telling that "mussels - hearty big seeds," and it should be noted: It is a service, despite some shortcomings, is the most positive aspect of the Palm.
The menu expected in content, but often very suddenly for the execution.
Well, who, for example, given to predict that the meat with vallons prunes (280 rubles) - actually carpaccio, narzan besides so delicate that the parchment paper compared to him will matter ugly thick.
Feel any taste can be only if shrest poltarelci again and again.
The salads is even worse.
The classic Princes of Liege sought refuge (260) would be the best time to recognize a crime against the Belgian people: Some pojuhly iceberg, otvarennaya once upon a time potatoes, raskisshaya Kenyan beans, oderevenelse chips of bacon plus for some marinated onions.
With such lies salad doest not meeting anyone!
Composition of the ingredients of the Belgian salad was partly to others, but the impression was not too positive.
If the nedozrevshie Quartin tomatoes cherry tomatoes or perejarene champignons still could be close your eyes, why mussels look like for his life them several times managed to unfreeze and boil!
Because I already know: There are quite normal Belomor mussels!
They served in castrulkah "in the sauce of your choice" (490-560 rubles per 0.5 kg).
A half-dozen sauces, that of white wine, celery and carrots, frankly not asked.
There are vegetables, and the scent is missing, and there was a wine and remained a mystery.
But the good rely to mids Frits with homemade mayonnaise.
Chicken verse here - not pokhlebka, dense to such an extent that depending on the mood you decide the first or second dish in front of you, but simply a pleasant creamy Supcik.
It was announced that a rabbit local chef prepares in beer sauce, and said nothing about the rosemary.
The situation was diametrically opposite: Rosemary zaglushal themselves everything.
The impression that this rabbit when life fed exclusively rosmarin coustic why meat acquired such an extraordinary fragrance.
But in a remarkable pedicle rabbit packages - not just an excellent pear in caramelized crust.
Waffles in Palm offer not only sweet, but also hearty - with beef, chicken or bacon and cheese (220-280).
The maple sauce was unnecessarily dan and waffles suhovats.
But the manager podoshedshaya to the table very informally asked lunch impressions.
So, should come again.
The dollar rose on the MICEX above 37 rubles on the news about preparing the West of new sanctions against Russia.
It is a new historical record.
The dollar calculations "tomorrow" at 10: 29 a.m. grew at 26.9 kopeks and stood at 37,02 ruble, the euro was raised by 30 kopecks - to 48,73 ruble, according to the data of the Moscow stock exchange.
Bivalutnaya basket grew by 28 cents to the level of the previous closing and cost 42,28 ruble.
Before the Crimean events, the dollar reached its maximum on February 19, 2009 - then it was worth 36,43 ruble, and on March 3, 2014, he was already 37,005 ruble.
On the night of August 29, the White House announced that US President Barack Obama and German Chancellor Angela Merkel to discuss the possibility of imposing additional sanctions against Russia.
The weakening of the ruble is a long-term in nature, and paired with the euro, and in tandem with the dollar.
The long-term forecast assumed this mark, "says a senior analyst at Alpari" "Anna Bodrov.
Everything that is connected with Ukraine, one way or another will be reflected in the courses.
While it will continue, investors will respond.
Today, the rumors about the invasion of troops did not confirm nor on the one hand, but the market was very emotional.
All the talk that he was resistant to such news yesterday were perecherknuts.
A week, according to the specialist, closes around these levels - 36,90 and 37,05 ruble per dollar.
The tax period ended, oil prices weak, politics, sanctions, the problem of gas transit through Ukraine - all of these links of the same chain.
It predicts the acceleration of inflation: The current prices for the autumn a total of 5 to 10%.
Soon, moreover, are seasonal vegetables and fruits, and there will be a vacuum until the network are being reoriented toward other suppliers.
"The dollar went up to 37 rubles, passed it and came back, some powerful hysteria is not present," said head of market analysis "Opening Broker" Konstantin Bushuev.
Everything else will be watching whether to impose sanctions on Saturday promised, as will meet NATO.
The ruble, he said, declined sharply after the end of the tax season, then went the news in Ukraine, in addition, the Central Bank last week said that until the end of the year will be transferred to a floating exchange rate and disclaims any currency interventions.
If you look at the swing of the day, it is no different from previous during this month, all have spooked the mark at 37 rubles, "the analyst continued.
And so, in terms of turnover nothing powerful did not happen.
Worrying times for the currency market were, let me remind you that at the end of January, noted an increased demand for the currency, as well as on March 3, when the Central Bank shipped a record number of currency.
The UFS IC and see the positive side of the weakening of the ruble.
First of all, it is the growth of the budget income from export operations, as well as raising the competitiveness of domestic manufacturers due to the rising cost of imports, says the chief analyst UFS IC Alexei Kozlov.
Negative points can be attributed to the appreciation of imported goods and services.
Sharp fluctuations of the Russian currency greatly reduce the attractiveness of investing in the Russian economy, provoke rising inflationary pressures and, as a consequence, become the cause of rising borrowing funds, which in turn hinders the development of the economy of the country.
Speaking about the stock market, the devaluation of the ruble several smoothes over the decline in stock prices, expressed in rubles.
For example, the MICEX Index during trading Thursday fell by 1.67 percent and the RTS Index lost 3.27%.
Such a significant difference in the relative value of reducing indices can be explained by the weakening of the ruble during the day more than 1.5%.
The weakening of the ruble is an emotional character and explains the massive desire to buy the currency.
In practice, gradually emotions go on is not present, and the ruble partially or completely restore lost ground.
"We believe that soon we will be able to see the correlation of the dollar and the Russian currency near the level of 36 rubles per dollar," says Alexei Kozlov.
A genetic disorder often incorrectly diagnosed
Britan said that she spent many years thinking that dies, after an incorrect diagnosis.
Karin Rogers spent much of his adolescence, thinking that she was left to live only a few years after she was diagnosed with another disease.
In fact, she had the disease, yoga-Marie-there (SMT) is a group of hereditary disorders that cause damage to the nerves outside the brain and spine.
Charitable organization CMT UK reported that ailments - a common problem among people with SMT because so little is known about this condition.
The approximately 23,000 people in the UK, presumably a SMT that can cause motor symptoms such as muscle weakness, uncertain gait and pojatse toes.
Patients may feel numbness or pain, and the condition is not the vessel and progresses, which means that the symptoms are amplified over time.
When Rogers was 13, she thought that suffers from ataxia Friedreich (AF) - a condition, the forecast for which was very bad.
Rogers thought she would be confined to a wheelchair priced by the time she is 18, and dies before she is 30.
The mother of two children, who is now 51, said: "As a kid I knew that I could not do what others.
I fell every day, and I have to all took more time.
I could never go on rolls or a skateboard with other children, and me many scoffed at school because of how I went and Quentin.
Rogers said that when she was 13, after several operations to unleash Palermo tendon and straighten feet, she peered into the medical card, when her doctor walked out of the room, and there was written that she has AF.
"I felt guilty because sued nose where it should not, and that's why I said to nobody, but I went back home, found information about this condition in the library and wrote the AF," she said.
When I received the information in the answer, I was shocked and experienced the most terrible panic, what is possible.
I thought that I will be in a wheelchair at 18 and die before I'll be 25, and that I gradually lose all their abilities in this period.
I went through this one, and I planning own funeral.
She said that by the time she was 17, she realized that her ability to walk has not deteriorated as much as she thought, and asked about his doctor.
He just stood up and hugged me and said: "My dear, I don't think you have this disease because you would have been in a wheelchair."
I think you have something that is much less of a threat to life.
After several genetic surveys she has found SMT.
"When he explained that such SMT, I thought that stretched my lucky ticket," she said.
Charitable organization SMT Britain announced a month of information about SMS to try to draw attention to this disease.
The tax burden on entrepreneurs of the Washington area is growing as the economy recovers
Vosstanavlivas economy means more customers, more sales and new jobs.
It also means higher taxes.
Accounts on the payment of taxes on the state and local level for companies across the country, moderately increased last year, when the accelerated economic recovery, according to a new study, published last week, and the company in the Washington area is no exception.
The company in the District, Maryland and Virginia collectively paid $27.6 billion in state coffers and at the local level in fiscal 2013, 3.8 percent more than the $26.6 billion collected in 2012.
The tax burden on the business of the state and local level last year increased by 4.3 percent, to $671 billion, compared to 3.9 percent a year earlier, and it was the third consecutive year of growth after reaching each other years when smaller accounts, in 2009 and 2010.
Taxes levied by state, grew faster, 4.3 percent, than local taxes, 3.9 percent, according to the research, which was conducted by providing professional services, Ernst & Young and the Center for taxing the state group on tax policy.
More than half of the tax revenue in the county, 56 percent, falls on taxes on entrepreneurs, while 36 percent of tax revenues Maryland falls on the firm.
Virginia, with 28 percent, is the lowest amount of tax revenues, proportionately, from entrepreneurs.
To a large extent, the growth of tax revenues caused by the return to the same level of value of real estate companies, researchers say, that raised property taxes by 3.7 percent this year after three years in a row, when growth was less than 1 percent.
While a large proportion of those revenues fall on the big states such as California, New York and Texas, it seems that the same thing is happening in the Washington area.
The company in the District, Maryland and Virginia collectively paid $10 billion property taxes on the state and local level in the last year, to $9.6 billion more than in 2012 - a growth of 4.2 percent, compared to the previous year.
However, the return of the observed value of the property does not have much of a similar effect on the growth of tax revenues for state and local level in Maryland, where property taxes barely exceed one-fifth of the tax bills of companies.
The company of Virginia and the District of Columbia will pay about half of the tax accounts on the state and local level, in the form of property taxes.
"What happens in Maryland is that such a large part of their property, especially the tax base around the District of Columbia, owned by either the government or nonprofit organization that does not pay taxes on the property," said Douglas Lindholm, executive director of the Center for state taxation.
Thus, Maryland is forced to rely much more, for example, on income taxes to pay for the same services that are in other states.
The recent increase in tax revenues from entrepreneurs cannot fully explain the restoration of the real estate market.
Revenues of entrepreneurs also seem to go on an amendment, according to the data.
Companies in the region declared corporate income tax at the state level in the amount of $2.3 billion to $2.1 billion more than in 2012.
Maryland has collected $1 billion of corporate income tax revenues, the most in the region.
Although the trends are aimed in the same direction, the tax burden of entrepreneurs at the local level does not increase with the same speed in all three areas.
The level of growth in the District of Columbia was at the same level as the average for the country of 4.3 percent, while growth in Maryland was significantly faster, 4.9 percent.
Only in Virginia, there was the rise of tax revenues below the average of 4.1 percent.
In Virginia was the lowest corporate income tax from the three jurisdictions (each of which the same corporate rate), equal to 6 percent.
In Maryland the corporate rate of 8.25 percent, while in the county, it is relatively high - 9,975 percent.
A similar survey of the US Chamber of Commerce earlier this year showed that in Virginia, lower taxes for entrepreneurs on the state and local level and generally more favorable climate in terms of tax cuts for entrepreneurs than in Maryland.
The county has not been evaluated in this study.
Despite its advantage, Virginia is experiencing a competitive pressure from its neighbor to the south.
North Carolina recently signed a law that reduces corporate rate this year from 6.9 percent to 6 percent, the same as in Virginia, and the rate will fall to 5 percent next year.
If the state continues to achieve goals for tax receipts in the next year, the law could bring income tax rate for entrepreneurs, even up to 3 percent by 2017.
Meanwhile, a small business in the Washington area, it seems, feels better and thus pay more taxes on the state and local level, according to a recent study.
Taxes for entrepreneurs, paid in the form of individual income tax of small business owners - a transitional structure, which arranged the majority of small firms - in the District of Columbia, Maryland and Virginia grew by 20 percent last year to $2.4 billion, with much greater rate of growth than taxes for proprietory as a whole.
The researchers say the trend and an increase in revenue from taxes on businesses across the country, is likely to persist this year, when tax revenues from sales of state governments and locally grown by 6.2 percent in the first three quarters of 2014, compared to the same period last year.
However, Washington area may fall behind as reducing federal spending affects the labour market in the region.
Bronze Age of Russian judo
The home World Championship judo team brought Russia two silver and seven bronze medals.
In this respect, the Russians gave only the main favorite competitions - Japan's national team.
The tournament in Chelyabinsk was launched on Monday, and the first day brought the Russian team silver medal.
It was the owner of Beslan Muranov, speaking in the category of up to 60 kg.
While in the final fight against Boldbaatar Ganbat of Mongolia, the outcome of the confrontation decided only one remark received russian.
And here is the second day of the tournament was the most successful for the national team of Russia - on Tuesday were conquered just three medals.
In the men's competition in the category up to 66 kg of Mikhail Pulev took silver and bronze - Kamala Khan-Magomedov.
In the final duel relented Russian world champion of 2011 and 2013, the Japanese Masashi Ebinuma.
Khan-Magomedov, Quarterfinal stages of the loser's position to a compatriot, whips walked across the uteshitelnomu tournament and became the owner of the bronze awards.
In the women's tournament category to 52 kg also before the third stairs climbed out Natalia Kuzyutina.
In the semifinals, she lost the current world champion Malinda Kelmendi from Kosovo, which stood at this championship under the flag of the International Judo Federation and successfully defended the title.
In the dispute over bronze Kuzyutina won the Ma Inn from China, but after the end of the tournament still admitted that the third place is not what she expected.
And again in the way of a Russian woman to gold became Kelmendi, pobejdavshaya Kuzyutina earlier in the final of the European Championship.
On the third day of the tournament in Chelyabinsk bronze at the base of the national team of Russia put Musa Mogushkov, fought in the category up to 73 kg.
In his offender was a former representative of Moldova Victor Skvortsov, now mobilised for the UAE.
But then the Russians won two battles and became the owner of the awards.
Mogushkov acted on the domestic championship with golenostopa injuries that he plans to heal any time soon, however, and will take a pause in the competitions.
As for the ex-Moldovan Skvortsova, he and he at this tournament reached the bronze medal.
Interestingly, and another of his compatriot, took the sports citizenship of the UAE, Ivan Remarenko with bronze completed performance in the category of up to 100 kg.
The fourth day of the World Championship 2014 also brought the Russians one bronze, which he won in the category up to 81 kg Ivan Nifontov.
In a heavy battle of small finale it due to comments from the rival defeated Frenchman Alan Schmitt.
On Friday at the tournament racted just three sets of awards, but Russians traditionally limited to one bronze in the men's tournament to 90 kg.
Its winner was Kirill Questions, and Russia's national team this medal was guaranteed: His rival in the final uteshitelnomu was compatriot Kirill Denisov.
However, the fight did not take place: Rival Voprosi could not enter the tatami because of injury.
Men's bronze was conquered by the masters and on the sixth day of competition - in her piggy bank team put Renat Saidov, speaking in the category of more than 100 kg.
In the finale uteshitelnom he won a clean victory over David Moura Braziliam.
So ended an individual part of the world championship.
On the last day of the tournament in Chelyabinsk, on Sunday, the racted world champions in the team competitions.
Two Russian teams - both male and female - were among the contenders for the awards, but, as in the individual competitions, representatives of the fine sex is not lucky - they did not make it to the medal.
But the Russian judoists won the team silver.
In the decisive confrontation they are in a stiff competition with the score 2-3 gave the main favorites competitions - the team of Japan.
The Russian team led 2-0 after a clean victory of Khan-Veshkurova and volitional - Denis Rotor (weight to 73 kg).
However, in the heavier weight categories with their Japanese rivals could not cope Murat Khabachirov (81), Magomed Magomedov (90) and Aslan Camby (100).
The same scenario was developed and bronze medal match in the women's tournament, where the Russian national team, leading 2-0, lost aponam - 2-3.
In the team competitions in Chelyabinsk was attended by Russian President Vladimir Putin, who congratulated the tournament after the men's national team with silver.
"Second place is very honorable, but I want to say that it was evident that you could become champions," Putin said, quoted as saying by RIA Novosti news agency.
To lose the Japanese judo rodonachalnikam - nothing here had not.
But I am sure that you can have them and win.
Russia's national team for a home World Cup performed much better than a year ago at this level of competition, held in Rio de Janeiro.
Then the Russian team had only three medals, one silver and two bronze.
While the current tournament were Olympic champions Arsen Galstyan and Mansur Isaev.
We are, of course, the big maximalists.
Yes, want the gold medals.
But let's remember that if a person in the Olympic cycle is included in the G8, he is a potential winner of the Olympic Games.
Especially in a sport like judo, "summarized the tournament Russian Sports Minister Vitaly Mutko, who leads the championship's press service.
Japan's team expected to become the best in Chelyabinsk, winning 11 medals, five of which were gold.
The next World Cup will be held in the summer of next year in Astana.
Acquainted with other materials, news and statistics can be on the summer sports page.
The family of Joan Rivers hopes for the best
Joan Rivers is unconscious on arrival at a hospital in New York three days ago, but her daughter expressed the hope today that the 81-year-old actress comedy approves from the disease.
"Thank you for your continued love and support," said Melissa Rivers in a statement today.
We hope for the best.
Her mother arrived at Mount Sinai Hospital on Thursday after an emergency call that she was stopping hearts at the clinic in the Upper East Side, Yorkville Endoscopy, according to sources.
Doctors deliberately keep her sedated and under strict supervision until they would not meet its condition, which remains "severe."
The response was wide, including massed support on the Internet from such as Donald Trump, Montel Williams and Kelly Ripa.
The kings will
The sale of the group's debut album Royal Blood - a new hope of British rock, a bit rock duets from clubs straight at the stadiums.
The duo Royal Blood just a year on the stage, but already has the nomination on the BBC Music Award, a tour of the Arctic Monkeys and a visit to the doorframe New York concert from the Jimmy Vise.
Their self-titled debut album, even for a few months before the release received 100 thousand predzakazov, and the contract for his release lies in the portfolio of major label Warner Music.
Given the current miserable situation in the music market, the situation from a headline, because it is not about the new Lana Del Rey or another sladkogolosom representative "of the new R'n'B," and the duo bykovatyh on the kind of Britons playing with that level of volume and intensity that the last time was in vogue a couple of decades ago.
In general, betting on the first album in connection with all vysheoznachenmi circumstances were especially high and is already quite frustrated.
The duo knowingly took a name that before it could infringe unless it's completely desperate hairy metalheads, and the blood of any kings flowing as they think they are in the veins, is also understandable.
It is, of course, primarily about the heroes of the past level of Led Zeppelin: Like the great quartet, Royal Blood aim to shake zastoyavshuusya blood of British rock, shutting it to a new level.
To make predictions about the success of this enterprise is probably quite early, but something you can already claim.
A dozen songs, a small ulojivshikhsa in thirty minutes - it is not so much a demonstration of the phenomenal compositor gifts as confident and powerful declaration of intent.
Some of the dignity of the individual numbers, of course, cannot be denied: For example, a pilot single "Out Of The Black" is characterized by the fact that no memorized the melodic line and drum party.
The musicians jokingly say that this song generally simpler nastucate than pet.
It also highlighted a powerful "Little Monster" and provide the disc composition "Better Strangers" with of Shakespearean quote in the title.
But the truth is that each of these songs will be perfectly sound at the party of heavy rock, but while playing in a row they merge into a more or less homogeneous cloth.
And it is not necessarily bad, even on the contrary.
The strength of Royal Blood is that they do not claim the laurels of Lennon and McCartney (rather too mark in successors Motörhead), but made numerous rock duets from the ghetto indie clubs.
Their music, despite some diversity, created for stadiums, in the lounge less than a couple of thousand people, she obviously closely.
The secret partly in hiter using the bass, which has replaced the guitar in the usual format, zero thought at the beginning of The White Stripes.
However, it's not only in the instruments, but also in the approach to writing songs.
The heroes are selected retroroca zero with great difficulty beyond the postmodern paradigm, with huge were reluctant to recognize themselves not just epigones and independent creative units.
Royal Blood is now sound so powerfully and brazenly that this rush successfully drape some vtoricnosty and tverdolobosty musical material.
Well, after all, who said that the rock must be clever?
Amazon buys Twitch for $1.04 billion
Amazon has just confirmed what reported Information on Friday morning: The online store - and videoproduser, and a hundred other things - buys Twitch videovosproizvedenia streaming service for $1.04 billion ($US970 million).
The news was not a surprise because nobody expected that Twitch will be sold, but because many people expected that YouTube will be the buyer.
Three months ago, the sale of Twitch Videoservices Google for a good billion looked completely finished, and that combination looked natural.
Twitch, founded just three years ago as Justin.tv, set the goal to be general-demand service - version of YouTube in real-time.
Instead, he quickly turned into a platform where gamers aired their 6 points; "YouTube for games in real time," according to Business Insider.
Interface Twitch.
And "let's play" genre videos in which vseznaiki give (mainly old) games processing, as in "mysterious theatre," is already popular on YouTube.
The fact is that YouTube is mentioned often when describing Twitch, so the news that YouTube acquires Twitch was met by without much interest, a classic example of entrenched technology company vykupangey a potential competitor.
It is a mystery why the deal with YouTube failed, given that reportedly he was ready to pay no less than the Amazon.
Everything that we have at the moment is a statement from the executive director Emmett Twitch Shire: "We chose Amazon because they believe in our community, they share our values and long-term goals, and they want to help us achieve them faster."
Another mystery, frankly, it is an incredible success Twitch.
Snobs like me, who argue that the exercise will be better than watching it, it is difficult to understand the appeal of having to watch the game instead of taking himself in the hands of the joystick.
It is one thing to look over the shoulder of a friend at 3 a.m., while creeping through the Resident Evil, and quite another to look like a total stranger gets 20 shots in the head in a row in Call of Duty.
All the games that you could look right now.
Another problem is that many of today's most popular games are designed for one person, so watch them shooting, not by controlling the angle of view themselves, can be a recipe for headaches, worthy of Do It Right.
I would argue that the speed at which Roger Bannister of our electronic age the whole game in record time, entertain.
But if we are not talking about virtuose games or humor, it is unlikely that his channel Twitch in general will be interesting.
But know skeptics like me? "
Twitch had 55 million unique visitors per month, and it is the fourth-largest source of peak Internet traffic.
How Amazon will work on this?
It is difficult to imagine that supernets Twitch on Amazon Instant Video as gracefully as YouTube could simply absorb Twitch.
But the Twitch is what gladly would have received any company: Crowds of young men, they dream of advertisers.
As head of the pasta Twitch, Amazon and Twitch "both believe in the future of games," and this channel shows no signs of withering, even - oops - as a spectator sport.
As a result of the incident in 2004 terrorist attack killed more than 330 people, including 186 children.
More than 800 people were injured.
We spent in Beslan for several days.
Talked to surviving hostages - almost all students now, with parents of dead, breakfast cemeteries - the City of Angels - Ramon Kaspolat, the head of the Committee of the Mothers of Beslan "Susanna Dudiyeva involved in the sting operation of the employee," says the correspondent of the "Society" Elizabeth Antonova, who was working on specproectom.
Already after returning to Moscow, met with Aslambek Aslakhanov, who 10 years ago was an adviser to the president of the North Caucasus and negotiated with terrorists, as well as an officer of the "B" the Russian FSB Vyacheslav Bocharov. "
What I especially shocked during the work on this topic is that in Beslan as if there were these ten years.
This topic is extremely painful for everyone who has some attitude to it, people hardly agree to talk about what happened.
Impressions from the trip is very heavy.
But forget Beslan cannot be, and I hope we have coped with its task, "Antonov said.
Specproect prepared studio infographics holding Rambler & Co, which operates in the company since the spring of this year.
The previous specproects were devoted to the First World War and the 15th anniversary of Vladimir Putin.
The DPRK has the launch of a short-range rocket
North Korea made the launch of a short-range missiles into the waters of the Sea of Japan, "Renhap."
The launch was made around 10.30 a.m. local time on the part of the province of Chegando, located on the border of North Korea and China.
Supposedly, the missile fell into the Sea by flying about 220 km, stated in the Joint Chiefs of Staff Committee of South Korea.
The deputies offered to accelerate the entry into force of the law on personal data
In the case of the success of the initiative, the Russians cannot be stored on servers abroad from January 1, 2015
In the State Duma introduced a draft law providing for the date of entry into force already adopted the law on the personal data of Russians - from September 1, 2016 on January 1, 2015.
The initiative is posted on the basis of the legislative activities of the lower house.
Its authors were deputies of the State Duma, Vadim Dengin, Yaroslav Nilov (LDPR), Yevgeny Fyodorov ("United Russia"), Vladimir Parakhin ("Just Russia") and Alexander Yushchenko (KPRF).
Such a change, according to the initiative, will contribute to a more reliable and efficient provision of the rights of citizens of the Russian Federation on the safety of personal data and the protection of privacy of correspondence in information and telecommunication networks.
The law, which the entry into force of the hurry parliamentarians, obliges store on the territory of the Russian Federation the personal data of Russians that are processed through the Internet.
He also makes mandatory recording, systematization, accumulation, storage, refining and extraction of personal data of citizens of the Russian Federation, in databases located on the territory of Russia, as well as the information about the location of such databases.
In addition, the law gives Roskomnadzor right on the basis of the court's decision to restrict access to information in violation of the laws of the Russian Federation in the field of personal data.
The law also proposes the creation of the so-called "black sites" lists-violators - automated information system "Reestr rights violators of personal data."
This law was passed by the State Duma in the summer.
The authors of the bill were Andrei Lugovoi and Vadim Dengin from the LDPR and Alexander Yushchenko from the Communist Party.
Dengin and Yushchenko also are one of the authors of the current bill of the entry into force of the already adopted law.
Those who have data centers in the Russian Federation does not have to pay for rent
Commenting on the bill introduced by today in the State Duma, the first deputy head of the Duma Committee for Information Policy Leonid Levin said he sees no problems to move the date of entry into force of the law on the protection of personal data.
He said that those companies that by January 1, 2015, will not have their own repositories of personal data of Russians on the territory of the Russian Federation, will be able to rent them, for example, "Rostelecom, who has repeatedly said that they are ready to provide their servers in rent and already provides its servers, the Mail Group, the Western companies that now provide their servers."
"Besides, there are several independent data centers that are ready to cooperate in this area," he added.
"If the company will take the decision to execute the law and continue to work on the territory of the Russian Federation, does not see a problem - they will receive technological possibilities for placement," Levin concluded.
Controversial the bill
Immediately after the publication of the draft law of the Russian Association of Electronic Communications expressed the fear that if the bill Russians will no longer be able to use many of the global Internet services.
In particular, it is about the services of online booking flights and hotels.
According to the association, "the bill deprives subjects of personal data of citizens of the Russian Federation - the right to dispose of their own data imperatively determining that their entry, systematization, etc should provide only in databases located on the territory of the Russian Federation."
In a national statement stressed that a more effective measure would be to create a mechanism of informing the user, where is the record, systematization of his personal data.
In this case, he will be able to choose at what territory will be specified actions.
The same similar bills on the "localization" of personal data in other countries resulted in the care of global services and for significant economic losses.
The participant of testing a pail of water ice vyvihnula jaw
Isabel Roberts of the United Kingdom so screaming when the icy water poured on her head, which damaged skeletal facial structure.
This is the test of a pail of water ice went painfully wrong.
The woman was hospitalized after she shouted during the testing of a pail of water ice that vyvihnula jaw.
Isabel Roberts so fiercely shouted when the icy water poured on her head, which damaged the structure of a person.
"The water was so cold that I shouted, but when I did, my jaw began checking," she told The Mirror.
The water are poured on a 20-year-old.
Isabel Roberts for seconds before the accident.
I tried to shut his mouth, but he is not impressive aquarium, he was stuck, and then I came with an understanding that something is wrong.
Then, to my mother and sister came the same understanding and they started hohotaty, but I had to urgently carry in the emergency department.
The 20-year-old woman from the UK was taken to the hospital to vpravity jaw after participating in a popular hobby on Tuesday.
The video became an Internet sensation and was published thousands of times on Facebook and Twitter.
Militias have transferred the Ukrainian military more than 400 prisoners
In the "Army" Novorossia argue that shot down a Ukrainian Su-27, and accuse the opponent in violation of the ceasefire agreement
Militias as of 10: 00 on September 1 to the Ukrainian side of the 402 captives, 72 of whom were injured, as well as the bodies of 35 dead servicemen.
This was announced, "Interfax" representative of the press service of "Army Novorossii."
He added that "the air defense forces in the area of settlement Merski downed the aircraft Su-27 found agreement on a cease-fire."
According to the source of the agency, the Ukrainian side at the beginning of artillery Lugansk airport used cluster munitions banned by international conventions.
The press service noted that numerous per night managed to damage the two Ukrainian Air Force helicopter on one of the field airports, as well as to destroy two yard and two warehouses with ammunition.
"The loss of manpower opponent - up to 100 people were killed and wounded, surrendered in captivity 13 people" - summed the representative headquarters.
"Interfax" has no confirmation of this information from the Ukrainian sources.
On Sunday the formation of a "people's republics" Donbass said about the transfer of the Ukrainian side in the observance of the cease-fire 223 captured soldiers and soldiers of the National Guard of Ukraine.
At the same time, the army DNR at night, according to the Army's "Novorossia" slapped down "attempt to natgvardeycev in violation of previously reached agreements to withdraw from the area surrounding the heavy machinery."
Then militias reported the destruction of scorotecnom in a battle of two tanks and two BMP, seizure of six tanks and disarmament of 198 servicemen.
According to the headquarters, a common enemy losses in all directions (Donetsk, Lugansk, Mariupol) per night amounted to five tanks, eight armoured fighting vehicles, more than 120 people killed or wounded
At the end of last week, a large group of Ukrainian servicemen was surrounded by militias in the area of Ilovaisk in Donetsk region.
Russian President Vladimir Putin asked the "people's republics" to release the Ukrainian servicemen from the environment.
The DNR agreed to go for it provided the enemy of weapons and ammunition.
The first dozens of soldiers began to leave surrounded by settlements on Saturday morning.
According to a commander in the Ukrainian territorial defense battalion "Donbass" Semen Semenchenko, on the night of Sunday from the "boiler" took another 14 people.
In his facebook Semenchenko wrote that Ukrainian injuries are "in captivity at 137 Regiment 32 Division of the Russian Federation and nine Russian tank brigade," where they are treated well.
Meanwhile, the Russian Foreign Ministry and the Defense Ministry refuted the reports of Ukrainian military and NATO about the presence of Russian troops in Ukraine.
The Russian Foreign Ministry: Russia will take retaliatory measures in the case of the EU imposing new sanctions
Russia reserves the right to take retaliatory measures to protect their legitimate interests in the case of the introduction of new anti-Russian sanctions, according to the Russian Foreign Ministry.
In the message of the Russian vneshnediplomatic agency says that the "conclusion" of the European Council on August 30, demonstrated the failure of EU member countries to overcome the inertia of what their support of the Kiev authorities.
Brussels continues to insist that Russia is complicit in the situation in the east of Ukraine, relying on the "absolutely bezdocazatele assertions about the presence of Russian armed forces on the territory of this country," says on the website of the agency.
The Russian Foreign Ministry expressed regret that Euroset, contrary to the interests of its member states, influenced the countries that are interested in strengthening the confrontation with Russia.
Members of the European Council should call for a peaceful settlement of the conflict in the east of Ukraine, as well as to provide the conditions for a full-fledged dialogue "between the sides," the agency said.
Also on the agency's website noted that now there is no objectivynh estimates of the humanitarian situation in Donbas, where a full-scale humanitarian disaster unfolded, as well as a growing number of victims among the civilian population.
Recall that during the nearest semidnevki in the European Union is planned to develop specific proposals for sanctions against Russia.
The EU officials work closely with American officials.
It is expected that they will correlate among themselves introduced measures for the period of the action and the degree of hardness.
The new EU sanctions can touch the energy and financial sectors.
The Australian government also announced the expansion of sanctions against Russia in the field of defense, finance and the oil and gas industry.
Sneaky ways to save on university textbooks
The fact that the cost of university textbooks for many students exceeds $1,000 per year, Matt Schroeder, who will soon go on the second course, devised a clever way to cut costs.
He developed a system of how to take a book from starshecursnikov by offering them a nominal compensation that they have delayed their sale.
"My textbook on mathematical analysis, which usually costs $180, I received a semester for $10 and biscuits" Chick-fil-A "," says Schroeder, 19, who studies at Covenant College in Georgia.
Necessary literature on the last semester would cost $430, he says.
He spent $120.
According to the Council of colleges, the average student spends more than $1,200 a year on textbooks and educational supplies, but the students have a number of options to reduce these costs.
The students are increasingly choosing Internet shops and creative ideas, like Schroeder's system.
Car books is becoming more popular, allowing students to use the book during the semester, and often costs significantly cheaper than buying them.
The company "Nibo Incorporated" that owns more than 250 university bookstores, reports that the volume of steel books grew twice since 2011.
Industry studies show that about a quarter of the books in the university bookstores during the past spring semester were taken, says the vice president "Nibo" Trevor Meyer.
Fewer than half of all books sold in university bookstores, according to the professional unification of the "National Association of university shops."
Here's the introductory course on the best ways to make a bargain.
The online store
Sometimes, if you get on the Internet, the price of a new book may be one-third of that what you will see in the university bookstore.
The ninth edition of "Mathematical Analysis" Ron Larson, Bruce Edwards and Robert Hostetler costs about $290 for the tariff, but the new specimen can be purchased for $239,99 on the site Chegg.com, which specializes in the sale of textbooks.
A used the
If you're not against foreign notes or injuries, second-hand textbooks is a good option.
"Mathematical analysis" sold for $93,49 in poderjannom form at Chegg.com.
Matt Casadei, 25, a fourth year student at the University of Brigham Young, says that paid on Amazon.com 42 cents for a copy of the textbook "strategic decisions in the media: Understanding of the business side of the advertising business."
The book was sold for $48 new.
Teachers, for example, Ingrid Bracey, director of the College "without walls" at the University of Massachusetts at Amherst, offers students to specify their professors could use the previous editions.
Sometimes the updates are insignificant for classes.
In such cases, the old editions can often be found for a very small fraction of the cost of the last edition.
In addition to sites Chegg and Amazon, Half.com, "owned by eBay Inc., is a popular alternative for the purchase of second-hand books.
Rent a
To take textbooks for hire, you should think, if you're good enough to apply to them, don't forget to return them and did not want to leave them themselves after the course is completed.
You can save more than 80% of the value of the new book.
For example, one student was able to hire a "Mathematical analysis" on the semester for about $20.
Check the rules of the shop where you take the book, including any fines, which you can write for the notes, underlining and damage.
If you take a book, remember: If you do not return the book, fines may even exceed the cost of the new copy.
The electronic books
Electronic books instead of the traditional textbooks is another option.
Sometimes such books actually take rental, buying electronic license for a certain period of the retailers, such as Amazon.com, Chegg and Barnes & Noble Inc.
Car "Mathematical Analysis" on the site Chegg.com for six months will cost about $61.
Bracey says that students who study literature, can often find the most advantageous prices, since many of the classics now can be downloaded for free, while the literature on the natural sciences and engineering can be very expensive.
Despite everything, don't hesitate.
Joe Galt, 29, who plans to begin studies at the School of Law Pepperdine, recommends a number ISBN to determine the price of the book because it ensures that you are looking for the desired text.
Before doing an order on the Internet, says Galt, be sure to check whether the book is in stock.
He was given a lesson is not easy.
Delivery of the book that he bought, was postponed for four weeks, and, in the end, he paid the full price in the university bookstore.
Putin said about the full inefficiency of the Far East Development Fund
Russian President Vladimir Putin sid at a meeting on the state priority investment projects and territories in the Far East that the budget fund development of the Far East, created two years ago, ineffective, according to Interfax.
"15 billion rubles and remained on the deposits," the president said.
During the meeting, the head of state instructed to expedite the approval of the territories of the anticipatory development in the Far East.
He recalled that the draft law needed to create the Tori should be included in the State Duma this autumn.
The federal assembly, the president noted, until July 1, has not approved the list of territories advancing in the Far East, and their criteria.
Vladimir Putin also formulated the basic tasks to ensure the development of the Far East.
Among them, improving transport accessibility in the region, the removal of infrastructural constraints - both on the domestic market and for export.
Among other things, sozdatpredposylki is necessary to attract additional investments in the region, as well as forming the territory of the anticipatory development that must be competitive in relation to the key business centres in the Asia-Pacific region, the president stressed.
It had previously reported that the territory of the anticipatory development may replace the SEZ.
Why the Guards "galaxy" could not save the box office
"Neuderjimse 3" Silvester Stallone returned less than $30 million of its $90 million budget in the US, while "Sin City: A woman for whom we should kill" returned only $12 million of its $70 million budget.
"Home video" with Cameron Diaz brought only $14.6 million in its first weekend, while children's films, such as "How to domesticate the dragon 2" also are disappointing revenue.
Article critics Telegraph Robbie Collina indicates that, when it comes to children's films, perhaps the poor quality of the films.
Colleen called 2014 the "worst" year in history in terms of children's films, and called "How to domesticate the dragon 2" barely "functioning" continuation of fantasy.
However, when it comes to films aimed at older audiences several more, it seems that the problem is not necessarily as the films themselves.
In July, Entertainment Weekly likened the average ratings of CinemaScore and Metacritic each film, issued in the summer rental in the amount of not less than 2,000 copies between Memorial Day holiday in May and July 20, 2013 and this year.
The results, which take into account the opinions of both kinozriteley and critic, suggests that this year's crop of films are similar in caliber with last year's hits.
Some commentators suggest that it may be in the changing spectator habits and the growing popularity of streaming Internet services such as Netflix.
The director John Favereau, who is currently working on soon reading on rental disneevskim film "The Book of the jungle," said the website Hollywood Reporter: "I think times are changing."
We must recognize it and do not try to chase what it was before.
Unlike the current fall of box office receipts in Hollywood, Netflix income from the service streaming playback reached $1.2 billion, almost twice exceeding our alternative figure at $837 million.
Last summer, the director Steven Spielberg criticized the studio for what they too rely on comic book franchise, and predicted the "collapse" of Hollywood.
In light of the current downturn, some commentators argue that in his darkest predictions was the truth.
Due to the fact that in the summer of 2015 is expected to release several potential cash hits, including "the Avengers: Age of Altona," "minions" and "Jurassic Park" and other representatives of the film industry are more optimistic.
The producer of "X-Men," Simon Kinberg recently called the fall of cash fees simply "pro-cyclical," said the Hollywood Reporter: "Next summer will be the highest summer in history, and no one will worry about it."
Grocery sanctions do not frighten the owners of establishments with Caucasian and Central Asian food, but for the restaurants of European and Japanese cuisine, Russian suppliers is a bad dream.
And in general, while catering prefers to replace illegal imports of products from Russia and from Latin America, Israel and China.
"There are better malosol cucumber than a bad mozzarella," - the chef of the Italian restaurant Barlotti Mariano Valerio about the quality of the cheeses that offer him suppliers instead of Italian.
Mozzarella and cheese burrata ended in the first, they have a small shelf.
Stocks of parmesan should suffice for a couple of months.
What do?
To the Russian?
In 2005, I was on the Dorogomilovsky market.
Mariano Valerio makes such eyes that is clear: Shocking memories cannot be set free him so far.
The meat there lay on the carts just 30 centimeters from the floor!
There the same cats!
The rats!
Then I said to our restaurant, we never will not buy on the Russian markets.
I don't know, maybe now there everything changed.
But the other day I brought to sample fish from the Far East.
So it proved tuhls!
I said that I would not even talk to the man who brought it to us.
Valerio surprised that many ordinary things for Italy for the Russian manufacturer.
A few years ago, I was forced to buy Russian beef.
In Italy, being hung up the meat in refrigeration chamber for 10 days at a temperature of 1-2 degrees.
It must otvisetsya to become soft to the muscles relaxed.
I've done it with the local beef.
Then I asked: Where do you think this tender meat?
I said, so it is yours, the Russian!
Why do you have no one does not?
In a five-minute walk from Barlotti in the French restaurant Brasserie "Bridge" in the kitchen hangs a stop list, which defines the missing products: French oysters,...............
The chef of the restaurant "Brasserie Bridge" and bar Strelka Regis Triegel not so pessimistic is configured as Valerio: Oysters from France has already replaced oysters from Tunisia, and instead of French cheese restaurant will buy Swiss.
However, and Regis becomes more emotional when it comes to Russian suppliers: "Cauliflower - 200 rubles!
I ask: "Why, on what basis it is worth so much?"
I say: "Well, we also have to earn."
But this cabbage should not cost more than 80 rubles!
The Far Eastern oysters we buy by weight, but they live 15-20 years, imagine how much weighs their shell?
The price it turns out that it is superdelicate.
It seems that the Russian suppliers is one of the main sources of scare stories for foreign chefs.
The standard story: "The first three months, everything was good, then the quality has plummeted."
The main claims: Russian suppliers cannot withstand the stable caliber and quality.
Many European restaurants do not know that they will face when stocks of cheese
Photo: Alexander Miridonov, Kommersant
Sanction menu the
On August 6, President Vladimir Putin signed a decree on the implementation of individual economic measures to ensure the security of Russia, which is mainly food sanctions.
The country banned the importation of beef, pork, meat and offal names of poultry, meat delicacies, fish, shellfish, milk, yogurt, cottage cheese, cheese, vegetables, fruits, nuts, sausages and sugar syrups.
Restaurants have begun jockeying seems with suppliers: Food prices have risen, need to urgently seek counterparts from other countries.
This is the hardest impact on expensive restaurants with monocuhney of France, Italy, Spain, in which products supplied directly from the "maternal" countries.
Of course it had to re-structure and earlier.
For example, when at the beginning of 2014, the Rosselkhoznadzor banned the import of Australian beef, and a year earlier - the American and Canadian meat.
In return, the suppliers have supplies of beef from Argentina, Uruguay and New Zealand.
But the sanctions of summer 2014 proved to be much more serious.
However, on August 20, Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev approved amendments to the presidential decree, which moved out from under the ban fry of Atlantic salmon and trout, bezlactoznoe milk, seed potatoes, sugar corn, peas and onions for sowing.
The Italian Valerio hopes that sanctions may still soften.
While the same portion of restaurants exists in conditions of uncertainty.
According to the company "East-West," one of the largest suppliers of HoReCa, the share of imported products in the premium segment accounted for up to 70%.
"Expensive restaurants will have to change the menu under that produce local farmers and other countries," says Sergei Mironov, restaurateur, the owner of the agency "Restconsalt."
If the chef strong, for him, it will not be a problem.
But we have very few of these chefs, and on the development of a new menu may take two to three months.
Triegel from the restaurant "Brasserie Bridge" prepared: Will drop from 10-15% of dishes, even half of the menu is a process.
In restaurants with mixed kitchen is already beginning to replace dishes such as steak of marble beef - on befstroganov, says Sergei Mironov.
"Cheeses from Europe can be replaced by Russian, Belarusian cheeses, cheeses from Serbia, Argentina, Tunisia, Chile," lists the representative of "East-West" Oksana Glibchuk.
The cream and milk products from Europe have counterparts in Russia and Belarus.
Chicken from the US may be replaced by chicken from Russia and Belarus, salmon and salmon from Norway, salmon, semi, trout from Belarus and Chile.
The lack of vegetables and fruits in Europe may be offset by the expense of domestic manufacturers, proposals from Serbia, Moldova and China.
According to Mironov, the budgetary network restaurants adjust will be simpler than a premium segment: There are hardly gourmets were able to distinguish the Italian mozzarella from the Russian.
Although it is difficult to have to institutions Ginza Project, he says.
The Ginza Project several dozen restaurants under different brands and with its menu.
The replacement will take a lot of time, "said Mironov.
In the Ginza refused to comment, citing the lack of owners in the country.
The owners of the cafe Caucasian and Central Asian cuisine emphasize that products from the former Soviet republics of European armate
But many and restaurants, which sanctions practically does not affect.
These include institutions with kitchen of CIS countries: Georgian, Uzbek, Armenian and Azerbaijani.
"In the Georgian cuisine is not expensive products," says Khatuna Colby, owner of the Georgian restaurant Superavi and cafes "Vai DOE!."
All the cheeses are doing for us in Russia, at the heart of many dishes - chicken fillet, exotic greens, we do not use. "
Establishments Kolbai until it was removed from the menu of a single dish.
Timur Lane, owner of the restaurants come "N1" with Uzbek cuisine, the sanctions also might alert: Change he will have only yagnyatinu in New Zealand.
If Russia our imports from Uzbekistan, Azerbaijan and Kazakhstan, we even win in price, for us it will be cheaper than imports from Europe, "he says.
From the CIS can be cheaper to get the tenderloin, yagnyatinu, tomatoes, cucumbers, fruit.
Thus what are brought from Central Asia, much better than the "plastic" from Italy, Spain and Turkey.
The Uzbek tomatoes everyone knows that they are delicious, sweet.
The Spanish nobody doesn't say so.
After the introduction of the sanctions, a representative of the Ministries of Agriculture Olimb Artykov said he plans to increase exports of plodovoovognoy products to Russia twice by 2016.
About his intention to replace the European imports in Russia almost immediately after the introduction of the sanctions said Belarus and Kazakhstan.
Fast food restaurants, which responded to the request "Deneg," is also quite calmly respond to sanctions.
McDonald's press service said that the localization of more than 85% and the network is working with 160 Russian suppliers.
According to Tatyana Bogdanova, head of the Department for working with suppliers Subway England, about 80% of the network buys in Russia, although temporary complications can arise with the supply of vegetables and rising prices for meat products that produce from imported raw materials.
In "Terence" "sanction products" generally held no more than 4%.
Not affected the sanctions and lapshicnuu "Soccer."
KFC, Burger King and Kroshka "potatoes" at the request of "Deneg" did not respond, but other market participants argue that the degree of localization of Burger King is substantially less than that of McDonald's.
In the absence of the Norwegian fish ресторатори are willing to buy Chilean rather than Russian our excellent
His gorbushe on
While the same ресторатори complain that because of increased demand, prices are rising even on local products.
"The products for" sticking "prices have risen by an average of 10-15%, for the Italian restaurant" Cherry Mio "- twice," says restaurateur Roman Rojnikovsky.
Even in the Georgian restaurants the cost of dishes will grow by 5-10%, admits Colby.
"East-West" does not deny, "for example, the Belarusian milk products since the beginning of August, up 10-15%."
"Brazilian suppliers raised prices of pork almost twice," complains Sergei Rak, Deputy Director General of "Stardog."
Chicken legs rose by 35%.
Expect prices from China, maybe they studyat hot Brazilian head.
In the near future, "Stardogse" will be a planned increase in the prices of 8%.
Now, and so very undesirable to raise prices, "says Rak.
According to statistics, public revenue growth for the second quarter of 2014 - a total of 1.8%.
It is the smallest figure since 2010.
Retail prices will rise further, he admits, but it is unclear how quickly: While most restaurateurs spall products for the next two months in the hope of wait swings purchase prices.
But that will be two months, nobody knows.
On the square in front of the City of Moscow is worth a dozen permits, decorated greenery and tree.
At the center of the stage, the musicians play waltz.
It is a festival of regional products with a funny name "There is time there."
"We generally have long wanted to make a celebration of local food, and then just sanctions, we hastened, organized the festival," says one of the organizers.
Behind the scenes with the musicians cook-Greek don't prepare pasta salad and homemade candy, the other day was a master class for cooking the caramelized apples.
All of the Russian products, say the organizers.
In the tents - the achievements of the Russian national economy.
Honey from Bashkiria, venison from Salekhard, vegetables from Sosa "in the name of Lenin," cheeses from the Italian obrusevshego Jay Clouse.
"Salmon for restaurants can be easily replaced by other fish for salmon species from the Far East," says the owner of the fish shop "His people" Philip Galkin.
We have caught ner 03, � gorbushu, chavychu - "royal salmon."
Yes, they are not fat, as Norwegian salmon, because it is a wild fish.
The Norwegian salmon is the same aquaculture.
Let's take it in the hands - he did not even moving.
And our Far Eastern salmon you don't retain in his hands.
Only the institution without special claims agree to replace the Italian domestic mozzarella
In the window of his tent lie prawns with giving "Magadan," cod lift Muxun, mussels from Crimea, scallops from the Far East.
Galkin believes that it is time to move on the fish from the Far East.
According to statistics, fishing in Russia in 2013 - more than 4 million tons, much of the fish goes to Japan, Korea and even in the US.
Imports of fish in 2013-m - about 800 thousand tons.
It reads "his people" has been working since 2012, sells the fish through the online store, before the introduction of sanctions served even a half dozen restaurants, such as "Simple things."
Now the Galkin received applications from 15 restaurants.
The same sushi could be done from our fish, "he goryachitsya.
We zamorochilisi, tasted different recipes.
Sushi now sell through the online store for a million rubles a month.
Our fish is cheaper in several times, and delivery is a maximum of 15 rubles per kilogram.
In a confirmation in the tent must I cook portion of "Philadelphia" with cet.
Unlike the rolls with semi these accounts for longer chew, but the consciousness of the fact that this is our fish, domestic, gives the forces.
On the site of the shop "his people" there are even rolls of halibut and sea perch.
In sushi bars, however, replace the Norwegian salmon prefer Chilean.
Galkin explains that Cavallo laziness to invent new recipes from the Far East fish.
"The Russian fish suppliers to us is not offered," gives his explanation of the owner of the Killfish Bar Dmitri Evseev.
About the same situation and with other products: Russian producers could niche, but this does not happen.
According to the founder and co-owner of LavkaLavka Boris Akimova, now we can talk more about the counsels of imports from Europe and America imports from China, Israel and Latin America.
There is a large multinational corporations, which have a powerful logistics and large volumes.
They are able to quickly replace illegal imports unlike our farmers.
That is the ban would benefit primarily large manufacturers of other countries, "says Akimov.
However, in the last month of the restaurant industry has received and more alarming than grocery sanctions.
According to the results of mass unscheduled inspections Rospotrebnadzor was temporarily suspended the activities of the three enterprises of McDonald's in Moscow and two regional enterprises in Stavropol and Yekaterinburg.
"We are studying the essence of the Panchen Lama claims to determine the actions necessary for the early opening of restaurants for visitors," said an "in the press service of McDonald's.
Indeed, no one understands what will happen.
If it will be limited to food sanctions, it is one option that can survive, "said on condition of anonymity employee, a restaurant consulting.
If we begin to close a McDonald's across the country, the script will be quite different.
"Protocol" instead of the Help traffic
Payments for Hull will receive without the help of GIBDD - so the Central Bank intends to stimulate the introduction in Russia "evroprotocola."
The Bank of Russia has developed a draft guidance that from September 1 this year to receive payments for insured Hull automobilist can do without help.
It, however, is only about cases where the accident was framed by "evroprotocolu" without the participation of the traffic police.
That is when the accident took only two cars, not physically affected persons, the damage does not exceed the limit, and both the driver reached an agreement on the issue, who is the creator of the accident.
On August 2, limit payments for "evroprotocolu" is 50 thousand rubles, and since October 1, in Moscow, St. Petersburg, as well as in Moscow and Leningrad regions, it will be increased to 400 thousand rubles.
The bottom line is that often even with minor injuries, in a situation where an accident could be adapted for "evroprotocolu," drivers caught in the accident, the cause.
Because in the presence of Hull policy to get the compensation without the help of GIBDD was impossible.
The parameters laid out in the draft guidance, and are designed to eliminate this obstacle to implement "evroprotocola" in Russia.
According to them, the maximum payout for Hull in connection with the accident, without the police should not be lower than the limit for "evroprotocolu."
But at the same time it cannot be above the limit defined in the contract Hull Insurance.
The idea is certainly useful and theoretically able to unload as SDP officers and roads.
But, most likely, it does not come to delight neither motorists nor insurers.
The last is already talking about a serious threat of growth of fraud, which could lead to the introduction of new rules for payments for Hull.
As for the drivers, it is difficult to imagine what the work will be done to overcome icon Russian conservatism.
In most cases, the driver would spend hours waiting for inspectors to formalize small accident, because it's so reliable.
And it is not yet clear what will be easier - to win fraudsters or convince drivers in the reliability of the "evroprotocola."
Savings certificate will make registered and irrevocable offer
The Finance Ministry wants to ban savings certificates on the bearer, but will allow banks to make them an analogue bezotzyvnogo contribution.
The Finance Ministry is preparing a bill that would prohibit savings certificates the bearer.
Recently, this tool is gaining popularity as the stakes here are higher than on bank deposits.
The point is that the savings bearer certificates do not fall into the deposit insurance system, and the bank they cost less, because we should not make payments to the Deposit Insurance Agency (currently).
Completed the situation that this step will be taken because of the small and medium-sized banks, distributing such certificates, and will suffer from it, Sberbank and Bank of Moscow, which, according to estimates currently control 98% of specialized market.
The share of the Bank of Moscow, according to the agency, is about 3.5%.
The problem, explains in currently is that the clients of a small bank that bought such a certificate, in the case of the revocation of his license is trying to get money in the currently.
Some depositors, not having sufficient financial literacy and buying savings certificates into bearer may assume that their investments are insured.
Reasonable lack of insurance payments for these certificates in the case of the license revocation of the bank could lead to misunderstandings and social tension.
In practice, the agencies were cases when the holders of the certificate providel tried to collect the insurance compensation through the court, "said the currently.
The problem, of course, made-up.
After paying buyers certificates still nobody will, because they have under the law has no right to compensation from the state.
If the case was that the tool is not insured in currently with him would be banned and metal accounts on which the citizens are counted in grams of one of the four metals - gold, silver, platinum and palladium.
Because these accounts also did not fall into the deposit insurance system, but on their existence until nobody encroaches.
It is likely that the bearer certificates are very convenient valuable paper that can actually act as cvazideneg.
Their movement is almost out of control: Any client of the bank may buy a certificate to convey any citizen, and before the withdrawal of the certificate can change a lot of owners.
Not accidentally spelled out in the bill that the savings certificate must be necessarily a valuable paper that should be stored in depositaries.
And to sweeten pill banks, such certificates are allowed to produce without the right of early redemption.
They have introduced similar bezotzyvnogo contributions, which have long dream of bankers.
The NATO summit: The first protests in Nuiporte and Cardiff
At the weekend passed the protests of those who opposed the NATO summit in Newport.
On Saturday, hundreds gathered in the centre of Newport on the march against NATO.
And on Sunday at Cardiff about 150 people gathered at the town hall of Cardiff in what was described as summit.
Stephen Feirclau spied for us for the development of events during the weekend and talked with the protesters, who came from everywhere: From Bridgend to Belgium.
Germany will send to Iraq 30 anti-tank complexes
Germany will supply weapons to Iraq to counteract the militants from the terrorist group "Islamic State" on August 31, ITAR-TASS referring to the decision taken at the end of a meeting of representatives of the German government led by Chancellor Angela Merkel.
Reportedly, Germany will send to Iraq 30 portable antitank missile complexes of Milan and 500 charges to them, as well as 8 thousand G3 assault rifles and G36.
Deliveries will be implemented until the end of September.
In addition, the decision to allocate Iraq another 50 million euros for humanitarian aid.
September 1, Mrs Merkel will be in the Bundestag with a government statement on the subject.
So far, Germany has not supplied his weapon in "hot spots."
The opinions of residents of Germany about sending weapons Iraqis are divided.
Some believe that the only way to stop the fighters from the "Islamic State"; others fear that these weapons could eventually fall into the hands of terrorists.
Ukrainian militias hit the patrol boat in the Sea of Azov
Kherson militias destroyed a Ukrainian patrol boat in the Sea of Azov, reports on August 31, ITAR-TASS.
According to available data, it happened in Taganrog Bay near the settlements of Shirokino and Beseme (10-20 km east of Mariupol).
A number of Ukrainian media reports about the beginning of the two coast guard boats.
Clarifies that the incident occurred today about 16: 20 a.m. Moscow time.
Teenagers were taken by helicopter to pick the
Two teen-bushwalker were delivered by helicopter to a safe place after spent the night, anchored to pick the mountains of New South Wales.
The 16-year-old girl and an 18-year-old young man went on a hike shortly after noon on Sunday at Govetts Leape in Blacklite.
Worried relatives called the police around 8 p.m., when they did not return home.
It was sent to the search group, consisting of local police and rescue squad, and the couple found around 11 p.m. near the waterfall Bridal Weil.
The girl damaged knee, and a young man fell and hurt his head.
The officers stayed with the couple for the night, and raised them on lebedke on Monday morning.
They taken away in an ambulance in a stable condition in hospital Blue Mountains.
Met two union
High-level talks in Minsk cannot solve the problems for which were convened, but produced a new format: The first person of the European Union met with the leaders of the future Eurasian
Although the disturbing about (the situation around Ukraine immediately does not tolerate), the leaders of the EU and the Customs Union for the first time discussed a number of "hot issues."
If this structure is able to work effectively, it is unclear; but it is clear who lifted the cream from this summit.
Questions on this score fell away on the evening of August 26, when the Belarusians, and after them and other Eurasian with Europeans saw in May of a new president Lukashenko.
The Belarusian leader showed an example of polished civility, it was the behavior of a man who had just caught the jackpot - and plans to a decent old age in high society.
As Maidan Lukashenko helped
Arrival in Minsk at the three main European commissioners (EU ministers), who met with Lukashenko and allowed him to speak at the final briefing on their behalf - not just a legitimization of the president with a 20-year veteran.
It is an application for recognition of a sovereign member of European politics and the main mediator of the Ukrainian crisis.
A senior analyst of the Belarusian Institute for Strategic Studies Denis Melianos sure: From now on, Brussels will not have to talk with Minsk in the same tone as before.
"What Catherine Ashton met tete-a-tete with Lukashenko, suggests that the relationship with the EU will be razmorajivate and further," he said "incu."
The tip of the iceberg have hidden part: Preparing for breakthrough the Belarusian authorities began long before November Maidan in Kiev - in the summer of 2013.
"The results were achieved and with the EU is successful talks on visa facilitation and readmission, dialogues about modernization," lists the interlocutor of Ogonyok - and with the US were held talks on international security.
The United States even dropped a bit of sanctions.
As for the Ukrainian events, they themselves and their reaction to the leadership of Belarus only invoked another influx of this process.
Minsk, on the one hand, managed to preserve relations with Ukraine is warm enough not to lose heavily in mutual trade, and President Poroshenko could come to Belarus for talks.
On the other hand, the Belarusian leader who de jure did not recognize the annexation of Crimea to Russia and called for punishing pro-Russian militias in Donbas with all the rigor, not quarreled and with Moscow.
Minsk has not released any of the Customs Union, neither of the CSTO, and in Baranovichi is the Russian Air Force Base.
Brussels and Washington have noticed a balanced position of Minsk on the Ukrainian issue - and appreciated it, confident Belarusian experts.
How successful will prove Lukashenko's movement toward political diversification would be seen by how often in the near future, Minsk should take a meeting in the format of the EU + TC.
The press service of the High Representative of the Union for foreign policy and diplomacy, Catherine Ashton failed to answer questions about what Brussels expects from the relationship in the new format.
A spokeswoman for Ashton Maya Kosiancic only said "incu" that against the backdrop of solving issues of war and peace, this topic is not a priority.
While there are reports that the next meeting point for the Ukrainian issue with the participation of top officials in the new format may become and Kazakhstan.
Straw tar for Minsk was the statement of President Nursultan Nazarbayev, in which he admitted that his about this, it turns out, personally asked representatives of the European Union.
Nevertheless, at the final briefing, Alexander Lukashenko made it clear: All the parties are not opposed to Minsk remained the central platform for meetings in both RossiaOBSEUkraina format, and at the level of heads of state and representatives of the European Commission.
This means that "the last dictator of Europe" acquires the status of quite rukopozhatny European leader who helps to solve a global problem.
The best friend of the European farmer
Already the composition of the EU delegation, which included European on trade and energy, forced to the conclusion: The main reason the summit is not a tragic situation in Donbas, and the economy.
Indeed, superstate at the meeting the schedule of future negotiations over gas supplies and to overcome fears the CU for Ukraine's association agreement with the EU looks achievement more extensive than the peace declaration without specific dates and numbers.
The Trade Commissioner Carl De Gucht, nevertheless, outlined: "EU officials came to Minsk to seek solution to the political crisis that has economic consequences, not the other way around."
It seems, however, that the economy and the crisis in Ukraine "works" in Belarus.
Its consequences - and primarily mutual sanctions of the West and Russia - give Minsk that until he is experiencing sanction pressure, the long-awaited room for maneuver.
According to the Mises Research Center, a former presidential candidate of Belarus Yaroslav Ramanchuk, European investors are actively interested in the possibilities of Belarus for the supply of agricultural products to Russia to evade sanctions.
Under this scheme are supplies for which Vladimir Putin pojuril summit in Minsk.
"The instigators of these schemes," said Ramanchuk "incu" - does not oppose the Belarusian businessmen and Russian companies.
They have long practised schemes of supplies of goods, including from Poland, Germany, Lithuania, and today these schemes are destroyed.
Russian business urgently need to somehow restore them, even through the mediation of Belarusian structures.
The second story, "the expert continues, is linked to the fact that many companies are not willing to establish production in Belarus from Ukrainian raw materials also focusing on the Russian market.
The Ukrainian producers about 4 billion dollars of exports to Russia, and the Belarusian industrial-trade schemes can now be very popular. "
According to Ramanchuk, the role of the host venue for the talks, the EU and TC is ideal for Lukashenko and in terms of the development of economic ties with Europe.
He recalls that the loss of the agrarian sector of the EU sanctions against Moscow are estimated at 5-10 billion euros, and the European Commission is currently suggested they will only 125 million euros in compensation.
The Belarusian president may offer Brussels to work together to minimize the consequences for evrofermerov.
It may raise the credibility of Lukashenko in the EU at the extraordinary height.
Hospitality without the initiative
Catherine Ashton thanked the Belarusian authorities for the initiative for the summit.
But the paradox is that the official Minsk from his active role in the birth of the TC + EU otcregivaetsya and the Belarusian leader at a meeting with Ukrainian counterpart stressed that the initiator of the new format and it was Kiev.
"It was a proposition to gather, without any naval discuss, not with the bay-'ll decide after the signing of the association agreement with the EU, look at the situation, which at the time was in Ukraine," he said in front of cameras to Peter Poroshenko.
However, observers interpreted it as an attempt to mollify Moscow, she reportedly was initially against the mediation of Minsk, which greatly increases its political weight.
In the Belarusian diplomatic agency diligently emphasize that Belarus at the organization of interaction between the EU and the vehicle on his land does not pursue selfish goals, and the ultimate goal of this format is the creation of a single economic space in the future from Lisbon to Vladivostok.
"It is absolutely in the spirit of those concepts that in other areas, particularly in the field of security, highlights and promotes the leadership of our strategic ally, the Russian Federation," said "incu" at the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Belarus, the agency, which recently painstakingly selected words.
In the Moscow area may appear with paid entry
The Russian government is considering the option of introducing zones with paid entry as a method of combating overload by central roads similar to other major cities of the world, transmits М24.ru referring to Mara Moscow Transport Maxim Liksutov.
One of the options that successfully established himself is a surcharge entry.
It is the expert opinion, we will examine it, take a look at all the pros and cons.
Saying that on this occasion taken any decisions until early, "said Liksutov.
Mira stressed that the authorities of the capital is very important experience of Asian cities that are similar in structure and load with Moscow.
One of the decisions taken from these countries is already exercised by the construction of the central beltway, Liksutov added.
The recently initiated the construction of the Central beltway is an example of what not necessarily all traffic pass through Moscow.
If there was sufficient infrastructure objest, it did not need to have transit traffic in Moscow, "said Mara.
Maxim Liksutov also said that the introduction of paid parking substantially revived metropolitan streets.
And, he said, the city authorities do not plan to stop there.
Recall that on August 26, the mayor of the Russian capital, Sergei Sobyanin participated in the ceremony of laying the construction of the first complex of the Moscow Central ring road (cut).
Boredom sinful
The film Frank Miller and Robert Rodriguez's "Sin City 2: A woman for whom we should kill" was not the revolution that could be expected from him.
The first "Sin City" (2005), directed at minimum, but symbolic, the participation of Quentin Tarantino, made a revolution in the relationship between the movies, comic books and literary noir.
The sequel also revolution in its own way, in the sense that it destroys fundamental for modern thinking chain "thesis, antithesis, synthesis" (if you understand the thesis universe Nuara, and under the antithesis - comic space).
Henceforth, it should read: "The thesis is the antithesis - chaos."
"The city of sin-2" chaotic and dramatic, and on a philosophical level: Both times he's chaotic in a bad mood.
Yes, some of the characters are familiar in the first "Hero," though, behold, 4 city of Marv (Mickey Rourke), I remember, had finished life in the electric chair, and here, nothing, just and manages rile people - in the role of the infamous folk drinds - from the air knives and other axes with udang.
But the elderly literally rastalkivaut elbows newcomers like vlomivshiesya in the city from some other movie about the meaning and the plot of which viewers are asked not to worry.
Thus, its own history, shamelessly bord authors on the most exciting, superudachlivogo player Johnny (Joseph Gordon-Levitt).
Its own - the pair-frigid Eve Lord (Eva Green) and for something as the avenging her Dwight (Josh Brolin).
But this confusion in which Dwight, say, a person is indistinguishable from Johnny - especially as a person, as well as other parts of the body, endure the characters with an inexorable regularity, is not a problem and even does not only concern.
It was not a people, we understand that it is Nuara archetypes: The fatal smoothly, too confident player in udit made "trap" sex detective, corrupt per-senator.
Well, when an archetype prone valet with archetype and archetype, then it is no longer a movie and read the abstract painting.
And the abstract painting to ask questions about the logic of the story is ridiculous.
Moreover, even in this sumatoshnom world there is something permanent.
The martial whores of the first "City" still keep circling osagdangih from their native slums forces of darkness.
Yes, and the specter of detective Hartigan no, yes, and will come to, and Bruce Willis is always nice to watch.
The main problem of "City of sins-2" lies elsewhere.
Frank Miller was good, because both risovalshik cleverly bridged comics and near, and as a director - turned the idea of how to migrate comics on the screen.
Comic and near - two aggressively opposing "reality."
The phenomenon of the comics in the modern state was born in the late 1920s, then, when the novels Dashila Hammett we "harvest" (1929), "Maltese falcon" (1930) and "Glass Key" (1931) created a canon Nuara, imenovavshegosya then was hard-school - "steep school."
, or pulp fiction.
Comics gave Hollywood many dozens of characters: From mocca Pope - pogiratela spinach, giving him a mighty force, Superman, and holds syscarya Dick Tracy to the Hulk, the Torah, Spider-Man and other "mters."
But in any movie based on the comic book was something overvaluation: Painted characters stubbornly refused to screen obrastaty flesh remained pritvoryashkami in their willy-nilly, the "real" world.
Simply put, they were outright deprived of "life."
Germany, by contrast, the most existential genre of world literature.
After the world wars, the traditional novel - with experiences, personalities, family scandals and historical background - has lost all credibility.
Any Forsyte which Thibaut and Rougon-Makkar, which even Balcon and attended muslima altogether after Verden, Auschwitz and Hiroshima?
This novel peacefully mutated into the format of the soap opera, and the criminal - that is, by definition, marginal - the novel rose to the level of philosophical prose.
Hammett on his skin learned that such an orderly work at the front.
He was a communist.
How, by the way, were at least close to the Communist Party and the pillars of the genre, as writers * Horace McCoy and Jim Thompson, filmmakers Jules Dassin, Joseph Losey, Edward Dmitri.
However near, an archetype of which they asked, firstly, rude and cynical, and secondly is purely social.
It is almost none of the American version of realism.
The first "Sin City" was remarkable precisely what the desperate, but organically joined comics with near.
For the first time on the screen comic came alive, with a straight face its graphic nature, not pretended to be a "real" movie.
The darkness of the corrupt world, where Cardinal ordered the killings, and the senator kept monstrous son sadistic rapist was quite worthy of the pen Hammett.
And the picturesque details like cut goals that betray decorated his small cocoon, pen genius of James Ellroy, the author of "Dark orchids" and better - i.e. toshnotvornogo declaratively - Representative neonoir.
"The city of sin-2" is not even retreat, and the capitulation of the radical stylistics MilleraRodrigesa in front of comic tradition.
Perhaps, in many ways, this was due to the 3D technology.
When watching the second "City," consider yourself to be concluded in a glass ball, within which the snow falls asleep toy cloak.
However, most often it is not snow and bloody oshmetki, but by and large what's the difference?
Well, and about the environment and say nothing.
It is possible only when somewhere, in some places we have at times, albeit on the sidelines of dirty swamps, but there is a normal world, where you can return the poshedshuu curve track girl or, say, tell parents murmured that her govity punished.
When in the city of sin, there is no place for anything except sin and sin is already no sin, and the norm.
Boring, as any norm.
Chaos "City of sins-2" is simply dull. "
Justice for the sake of the USSR) paid that sin a small but persin.
Titles warn: In the film contains harmful scenes of smoking.
In relation to it, in the Vegetarian episode which man forceps break fingers, it gives an infernal humor.
Hemet would have liked.
The Socialists of France should "shut up and lead France in order," says a key ally of Hollande's Free
Mr. Wall urged deeply razdelivshiesya leftist forces "to demonstrate the warm attitude" to the attacks at President-Socialist, whose reshuffle did not find the approval of the vast majority of the French.
The president deserves the respect, he deserves our loyalty, he deserves our support.
"It is our duty to stay next to him," he said, triggering applause.
As a gesture of reconciliation, the Prime Minister insisted that his government will not put into question the controversial 35-hour working week in France, despite spewing conflict proposals, it should weaken the rules made by Emmanuel macron, the new minister of economy, earlier this week.
On Saturday, Mr Hollande implored his fellow Socialist Party to remain "united" with the government.
However, Christian Tobira, minister of usittii, put a spoke in the wheel, having come to the dissenting members of parliament from the Socialist Party and the Socialist Party criticized for what it has allowed the French "to lose faith in the future."
Marin les Italian, the leader of the far-right National Front, expressed contempt for the constant internal conflicts among the Socialists, saying that it does not represent that the new government Wall lasts longer than a few months.
François Hollande - naked king, but naked and Prince Manuel Valls, forced to assemble a new government, when the former is not ProCredit and summer.
"And the new also did not endure the autumn or winter," said reporters Mrs. le Pen.
She reiterated his party's call for the dissolution of parliament, saying that she is confident that the party could easily win in an early election and is ready to govern.
France's ruling party suffered a defeat in the March municipal elections, and the far-right National Front came first in the European elections in May.
A poll Sunday Journal du Dimanche found that 76 percent of the French believe that the Socialist Party is in danger of unravelling on several skydiving factions before the end of Mr Hollande's presidency in 2017.
Pascal with Perrineau, a political scientist at the University of San Po, warned that the French quickly lose patience if the new socialist government will not be able to improve the economy and record unemployment.
"He had a little time, but public opinion must be quickly feel that something is changing," he warned.
Otherwise, the situation may be even worse.
"The city without drugs" remained without a lawsuit
Sverdlovsky Arbitration Court upheld without consideration of the lawsuit that the regional ministry submitted to the Fund "City Without Drugs."
Agency intended to organize more than 7 million rubles as fees for the rental of the building in the centre of Ekaterinburg.
However, the plaintiff twice failed to show up in court.
Today, the Arbitration Court of the Sverdlovsk region left without consideration of the lawsuit of the Ministry of State Property of the region (MUGISO) to fund "City Without Drugs" (one of the founders - the mayor of Yekaterinburg Yevgeny Roizman).
Representatives of the regional authorities intended to recover with the organization of 7.3 million rubles in exchange for the lease of the building.
Today, it was reported that the plaintiff twice failed to show up in court, and the decision to refuse the inspection.
The cause of the lack of representatives in the MUGISO could not clarify, the head of the legal department of Maxim Titov did not respond to phone calls.
With the representatives of the fund also failed to reach.
Remember, we are talking about the mansion that served the fund at the center of the city on the street Belinschi, 19 on a gratuitous basis since 2011.
This decision was taken by the ex-governor Alexander Misharin.
In November 2012, rasporyaditelnaya Directorate of the Ministry of State Property Sverdlovsk region filed a lawsuit in the Sverdlovsk arbitration court for eviction of the building.
According to the suit, the agency required by the court to recognize not made the treaty gratis a mansion-monument.
According to the MUGISO, the agreement were not recorded significant conditions for renting an object of cultural heritage.
Sverdlovsky arbitration court dismissed the lawsuit, then he has filed an appeal in the 17th Arbitration Court of Perm, which was granted.
Then, on the same court fund filed an appeal to this decision, which remained without satisfaction, after which the decision was challenged in the Supreme Arbitration Court, but the court accepted the Directorate.
In 2013, a new lease agreement was signed, according to which the fund again started to pay the rent, it told the head of Eugene Reisman.
The rent was appointed 300 thousand rubles a month.
The previous administration of the region gave us this building in gratuitous use by recognizing our achievements in the fight against drugs, in a sign of respect for the fund.
The current administration has decided differently, "he said.
Tatiana Drogaeva, Yekaterinburg
Why is the mayor of Yekaterinburg offered to leave voluntarily
On July 24, the deputy Municipal Yekaterinburg edinoross Alexander Kosintsev suggested that the mayor of the city - the Speaker Municipal Eugene Royzman resign.
The occasion was a criminal case against arrested on suspicion of the murder of ladies-pensioners Municipal deputy Oleg Kynev, associate as mayor.
As Eugene Royzman found a criminal case
On July 1, it became aware of a criminal case concerning the "slander" (Article 128.1 of the Criminal Code) on the blog of the mayor of Yekaterinburg Yevgeny Roizman.
It was reported in the Sverdlovsk region, where filed with the corresponding statement CEO of Legal Center "Protection," "Anna Filatov.
She said that Mr. Roizman accused it in their records on the blog that it complicit in crimes that allegedly committed by her former husband.
The mayor of Yekaterinburg is convinced that "this is yet another attempt to avenge the truth."
The iPhone will transform into
On the eve of the September 9, when Apple must present their new developments in the press appear all new leaks about what can be expected from the presentation.
Referring to the sources of the American media reports that the sixth generation of the iPhone will be equipped with the function of a mobile wallet as a result of the joint project of Apple and Visa, MasterCard and American Express.
According to Bloomberg and the specialized website Re / code, the presentation of new products in addition on September 9, Apple may announce a joint project with Visa, MasterCard and American Express, resulting in a new smartphone, the iPhone 6 will be available the function of a mobile wallet.
The company will refuse any comment on this matter.
This feature allows you to make a payment on the store office with the help of a smartphone.
The identification of the payment will be made by the user in his fingerprint using the Touch ID.
It is reported that the iPhone will be built for the first time the technology of NFC (near field communication) that allows you to make contactless payment using a smartphone and the corresponding schityvangego devices at the ticket office.
The NFC technology will be available through a special including spreadsheet from Dutch high-tech company NXP (formerly Philips Semiconductors).
For the first time, the NFC was introduced in 2004, within the framework of the cooperation between the companies of Sony, Nokia, Philips Semiconductors and more than 100 other companies included in the so-called NFC Forum - an association for the promotion of this technology.
The first phone with NFC was released by Nokia in 2006.
The first Android smartphone with NFC - Samsung Nexus S - was introduced in 2010.
In May 2011, Google introduced Google Wallet system that allows users to bind the bank cards to their Google account and pay using a smartphone on Android.
However, American experts emphasize that, despite large investments of high-tech companies in the promotion of NFC technology, American retailers still are cautious about innovation and not too willing to spend money on equipment of its shops such systems.
However, observers now hope that Apple's entry into this market will force retailers accelerate and actively implement this technology in its outlets.
The French Foreign Ministry: Paris's position regarding the supplies to Russia "Mistral" does not change
French Foreign Ministry spokesman Romain Nadal said about the unchanging position of Paris on the delivery of Russian ASW type "Mistral."
"I can recall the statement by the President of the Republic (François Hollande), made in an interview with the newspaper Le Monde on August 20:" Today, the sanctions do not prevent the delivery.
It is the decision of Europeans, not France, "" - quoted Mr. Nadal "RIA Novosti."
A spokesman for the French Foreign Ministry responded to the question, does not affect the deterioration of the situation in Ukraine on changing the position of Paris in the execution of this contract
Read more about the ASW supplies to Russia to read the material of the magazine "distribute" Mistral "almost ours."
The Ukrainian Security Council: Over the past 24 hours in the area of the operation killed seven soldiers
A representative of the Council of National Security and Defense of Ukraine Andrei Lysenko said that over the past 24 hours in the area of the fighting in the east killed seven Ukrainian servicemen, another 25 were injured.
The situation under Ilovaisky is extremely complicated.
Until the operation will not be completed on the withdrawal of troops from the environment, the details will not be oglashatysya.
At the end of the operation will be made public data about the losses and on the causes of the current situation.
The perpetrators in the case of such a situation will bear the responsibility, "said Mr. Lysenko, refusing to discuss in detail the situation under Ilovaisky, where several Ukrainian battalions are trapped in the environment.
According to the Defense Council, "done everything possible in order to return the soldiers who found themselves in captivity," according to ITAR-TASS.
Mr. Lysenko also noted that the Ukrainian military moved away from the airport of Lugansk in the direction of a settlement Georgieva.
Learn more about the situation in the east of Ukraine, read the material "Kommersant" "Arsene Avakov: The first Ukrainian military withdrew from the environment under Ilovaisky."
Norwegian Cruise is approaching $3-billion deal with the Prestige Cruises
Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd NCHL.O, the third-largest cruise operator in the world, is at the final stage of negotiations for the acquisition of a similar company Prestige Cruises International Inc for about $3 billion, according to people familiar with the situation.
The deal would provide Norwegian Cruise, a company with a market cty $6.8 billion, access to cruise luxury vessels and wealthy clients Prestige Cruises, as it competes with larger rivals Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd (RCL.N) and Carnival Corp (CCL.N).
The agreement could be announced this week, sources said on Sunday, warning that the talks could still fail.
The owner of the Prestige Cruises, a private investment firm Apollo Global Management LLC (APO.N), also owns a 20 percent stake in Norwegian Cruise.
The sources asked to remain unnamed at present because the talks are not public.
Representatives of the Norwegian Cruise and Prestige Cruises has not responded to requests to comment, while Apollo spokesman refused to comment on the information.
Norwegian Cruise, based in Miami, manages 13 cruise ships on routes covering North America, the Mediterranean, the Baltic Sea, Central America and the Caribbean.
Its revenue was $2.57 billion in 2013, 13 percent more than in 2012.
Prestige Cruises, also based in Miami, operates under the brands of Oceania and Regent, which together hold eight cruise ships that go to Scandinavia, Russia, the Mediterranean, North America, Asia, Africa and South America.
She declared income of $1.2 billion in 2013, 6 percent higher than a year earlier.
It is expected that the $29-billion cruise industry will have a salutary effect in subsequent years, the growth of the middle class in emerging economies such as China and India.
The company strove to position itself as a cruise operators, preferred these new customers.
Prestige Cruises was registered in the US regulatory bodies for the initial public offering of shares in January 2014.
Apollo has become the main shareholder of the company after a $850 million deal in 2007.
Norwegian Cruise was created as it exists now, in 2000, as a result of the merger with cruise operator who were members of Genting tires (GENT.KL), conglomerate entertainment and casino, do with toothfish under the control of the Malaysian billionaire Lim Kok Thea.
Apollo has invested $1 billion in the Norwegian Cruise in 2008.
Norwegian Cruise turned into a public company in January 2013.
Genting owned shares at 28 percent, Apollo owned shares at 20 percent and private investment firm TPG Capital LP owned shares in 8 percent in the company at the end of June, according to the report.
Carnival, Royal Caribbean Cruises and Norwegian Cruise together account for 82 percent of the cruise passenger traffic in North America, according to the registration documents at the first public floatation of Prestige Cruises.
TV and Radio Company "Crimea" could get 250 million rubles of subsidies
In Russia's Communications Ministry offer to highlight the state broadcasting company "Crimea" 250 million rubles in 2014.
According to the draft resolutions of the Communications Ministry, located on a single portal disclosure of information about the preparation of normative acts, the subsidies will be spent "to cover the costs of creating the conditions for large-scale public awareness of socio-economic situation and the development of modern information space on the territory of the Republic of Crimea."
The money will be used to purchase equipment, repair roofs and energy supply systems in the building of the broadcasting company, founded in 1959, "RIA Novosti reported."
Activists of the democratic movement in Hong Kong sre performance of the Chinese representative on the next day after the decision on the election
A group of citizens, loyal Beijing, stood nearby, waving the Chinese flag.
The permanent committee of the National People's Congress on Sunday identified the procedure by which only two or three candidates will be allowed to take part in the election of Hong Kong's leader in 2017.
All candidates must first obtain the support of a majority of the committee members, who is likely to be full of Beijing loyalists.
The decision makes it almost impossible for the democratic opposition to be on the ballot and made the activists of the democratic movement again promise to stop the financial center of Hong Kong protests "occupy Central."
Political reform is the main source of tension in Hong Kong, as the Chinese party leaders fear that the call for democracy will spread to other cities.
Following the publication of the Beijing document that describes China's control over Hong Kong in June, activists of the democratic movement held an unofficial referendum on elections in the special administrative region, and hundreds of thousands marched in the business center of the city and staged a sedentary strike.
Lee briefing organized by the government of Hong Kong and the Chinese Liaison Office in Hong Kong.
The vice-chairman of the Standing Committee of the Chinese People's Congress Zhang Dongsun and Deputy Director of the Hong Kong and Macao Affairs Office of the State Council Feng Wei also had to speak at a series of briefings during the day.
Students and activists said they will gather the heads of government of Hong Kong in the second half of the day.
The United Kingdom does not mention about democratic governance in Hong Kong until the last days of 150 years of colonial rule.
The Israeli authorities intend to attach 400 hectares of land owned by the Palestinian Authority
The Israeli authorities announced that intend to attach 400 hectares of land in the West Bank, owned by the Palestinian Authority.
The "BBC," the decision to add the South Valaam is associated with the desire to repay for the abduction and murder of three Israeli teenagers in June this year.
The seizure of the decision of the IDF announced on Sunday and has ordered the military to establish administrative control on the west coast.
According to a representative of Gaza Saib Arikat, the international community must hold Israel accountable for "continuing settlement activity in the West Bank and in East Jerusalem."
Putin demands from Kiev to begin talks about the "statehood" of eastern Ukraine
According to Russian news reports about his observations, Russian President Vladimir Putin demanded on Sunday that the Ukrainian government stopped fighting with separatists in the east of the country and immediately began talks about the "statehood" otdelivshegosya in the region.
His spokesman, Dmitry Peskov, later clarified that Putin is not meant to suggest that vostochnoukrainskaya territory under the control of the separatists will become part of Russia, but that its status within Ukraine should be revised to give russcogonemu region to protect their rights and interests.
However, Putin's call for the Kyiv government to begin talks with the pro-Russian insurgents on equal terms with the obvious strategy, which it should be since the beginning of the bloodshed five months ago: To help the separatists to take territory and force the Ukrainian government to give novoproclashennoy territory Novorossii de facto independence, in order to get closer to Russia, not with the West.
In an interview with state television (MEDT Putin condemned the Ukrainian military campaign to return retained by the separatists in the eastern Donetsk and Luhansk regions, which were seized in March and April after Moscow annexed the Ukrainian peninsula of Crimea on March 18.
The Kremlin and the separatists recently called the captured territory Novorossia, or New Russia, a name that refers to have the glory days of the Russian Empire.
Putin said that anyone who believes that peace talks will occur in the near future, when Ukrainian politicians begin to campaign for the parliamentary elections on October 26, and while government forces are attacking a peaceful settlement in the remaining separatists regions - телами "illusions," ITAR-TASS reported.
"We must immediately begin substantive negotiations and not only on technical issues, but also on the political organization of society and the state status of south-eastern Ukraine, in order to meet the interests of the people living there," he said.
Sand said that Putin's words about statehood had in mind in the context of the broader autonomy that has been discussed for months with leaders in Kiev in an attempt to allay fears in Russian-speaking areas that their cultural and language rights at risk.
Only the Ukrainian government can give the eastern regions of the necessary autonomy, Peskov said.
It is not a question for discussion between Ukraine and Russia, Peskov said, "because it is not a conflict between Russia and Ukraine, and an internal Ukrainian conflict."
The intervention of the Kremlin's press secretary, in order to improve the "incorrect interpretation" of Putin's words underscored the decision of the Russian leadership to behave toward the separatist rebellion in the east of the other way than open the seizure of Crimea, where most of the 2 million population are ethnic Russians.
Moscow would withstand a much more difficult battle to attach even Donetsk and Lugansk areas of eastern Ukraine, since most of the 6.5 million residents, not Russians, and polls before the conflict showed broad support for the desire to stay within Ukraine.
Autonomy that Russian diplomats discussed at international forums could give regional governments in Ukraine, the power to determine trade agreements and foreign policy, in effect, passing the Kremlin de facto control over the territory that would have teamed the territory of Russia over Crimea.
On the Black Sea peninsula, prisoedinennom five months ago, is the main Russian military fleet, as well as commercial maritime institutions and historical sea resorts.
In the regions between the Russian Rostov region and Crimea are also mines, factories and casting plants that produce the necessary equipment for the Russian army.
Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko proposed during his inaugural speech on June 7 that Ukrainian lawmakers after new elections vzvesili amendments to the constitution to give fled regions greater control of their finances and the status of languages.
However, his vision of autonomy, it seems, is very different from the view of the Kremlin and separatist insurgents in the service and instigating which accuse Moscow.
The last call for Putin to Kiev to negotiate with the leaders of the separatists, both with equal, followed by new nastupleniami rebels last week after Russian troops and tanks rolled into eastern Ukraine from the first peaceful area along the Azov Sea.
Russian-backed separatists took control of the city of Novoazovsk in the occurrence of the Ukrainian security services say they are afraid that it is the beginning of the campaign to capture the strategic coastal territory to the Crimea.
It led to a large-scale civilian and military efforts to strengthen Mariupol, a steel port with 500,000 inhabitants, which is located between Novoazovsk and a narrow alleyway on the Crimean peninsula.
Poroshenko on Saturday addressed the meeting of European Union leaders in Brussels to call for measures to prevent further Russian aggression against Ukraine, a former Soviet republic that has been independent for 23 years.
"We are approaching the point of no return," warned Poroshenko.
Thousands of foreign troops and hundreds of foreign tanks are now on the territory of Ukraine.
The EU summit did not take certain measures; leaders have called for the preparation of the project more severe sanctions against Russia, which will be taken in case of any escalation of the Ukrainian crisis.
The Ukrainian soldiers had to withdraw from their positions in Ilovaysk after two columns of Russian armored vehicles and 1,000 troops last week entered Donetsk region to support experiencing difficulty separatists, Colonel Andriy Lysenko, spokesman of the Council for National Security and Defense of Ukraine, told reporters in Kiev on Saturday.
The first of the 63 Ukrainian soldiers who reportedly withheld in Ilovaysk as a result of the Russian invasion, were exchanged on Sunday at 10 Russian aviadesantnikov captured on Ukrainian territory a week ago, Lysenko said on Sunday.
The scandal with a naked photo captures Australian celebrities and Gabi Greco
Jeffrey Edelsten expressed his disgust for hackers who may have stolen naked photos of his bride Gabi Greco and a whole list of Hollywood stars.
Hollywood in outrage after a series of explicit photos, which shows a naked Jennifer Lawrence, got on the Internet as a result of the massive hacker scandal with celebrities.
They say that the hacker responsible for it, there are about 60 explicit photographs of the stars "hungry games" Lawrence and superstars, including model Kate Upton and Kara Delevin, singer Rihanna, Ariana Grande and Lea Michelle and actress Kirsten Dunst.
The Australian actors Teresa Palmer, Emily Browning, Yvonne Strahovski and living in Melbourne Greco also allegedly stolen photographs as a result of the leak with iCloud.
In the list of 101 name of celebrities.
Edelsten, who made the Greek proposal last month, told Confidential: "It is disgusting."
The private correspondence and photos should remain private.
Terrible that personal information may be stolen and sent to other people.
The Greek, who is in New York, reportedly told the news website that the hacker attack was "shameful" and that those for whom it was intended, "feel that invaded to them."
It is assumed that the hacker has 30 photographs of Palmer with former boyfriend Scott Speedman, including two frames, where she is lying by the pool with a bare chest.
Palmer work in movies include "Love and Honor" along with the Sundance Hemsvortom.
Palmer, a star of the film "Chuck" Zapregennogo Strahovski and the actress of "receiving" Browning yesterday were low key stolen photos.
Representative Lawrence TMZ said: "It is brazen invasion of privacy."
The actor Seth Rogen, double bass expressed his indignation at the address of the hacker, writing on Twitter: "Posting photos stolen from a mobile phone, in fact, is no different from the sale of stolen goods."
Just from a legal point of view, you cannot tolerate the publication of stolen photographs.
Found a potential way to steal photos of naked celebrities
Mass hacking accounts of stars may be produced through a vulnerability in the Find My Phone.
Potential scenario described the resource of The Next Web.
The website GitHub was published in Python script, which allowed for choosing passwords to the service of Apple's Find My Phone.
This service allows you to track the location of the iPhone.
To access it used the same bunch of login and password Apple ID and access to Apple's iCloud cloud, which were stolen photos of celebrities.
The script allowed search method to learn the password from the Find My Phone.
Under this method consistently introduces various combinations of characters, starting with the most frequently used passwords.
The author of the script argued that the service Find My Phone number of input options unlimited passwords.
If properly security system after several unsuccessful attempts to enter the wrong password account should be blocked and inform the user about trying to hack.
Because of the vulnerability, users have not received any reports of trying to pick up the password to their account.
Hackers have learned the password from Apple ID and used it to access iCloud.
According to the user Hackapp on Twitter, the vulnerability was discovered two days ago, on Saturday, and it is written script program for the selection of passwords.
At the moment the vulnerability is closed: After five attempts to access to the service is blocked.
Resource contacted by the user Hackapp and he noted that the vulnerability is characteristic of many services, however, noted that has no evidence that this vulnerability was used to access the account "stars."
It is not me, plz RT
On Twitter the prime minister once again unwanted record
Although there is no hard evidence that the photo was used to steal a vulnerability in the Find My Phone, previously was a wave of malicious actions using this service.
Hackers parenting device management and demanded a ransom from the owners.
In that case, Apple told the media that in this case the cloud security was not compromised, but has not conducted investigations on how users lost their accounts.
Russia has also previously had been hacked Twitter Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev.
If the attackers gained access to iCloud described above, there could be stored and the password to the account of the government in the service microblogging.
Resource The Next Web, Apple could not get comments about the vulnerability in the Find My Phone.
Putin granted Russian citizenship of Ukrainian pyatiborke
Russian President Vladimir Putin granted Russian citizenship of famous Ukrainian Anna sportsmen Burak.
The decree published on the Internet portal of legal information.
At the beginning of this year, an athlete moved to Russia for permanent residence and turned to the Federation of modern pyatiborya to give her a chance to play for the Russian national team.
In 2013, she won two stages of the World Cup, won the silver medal at the European championship teams and became the world champion in the mixed relay, which is one of the new kinds of programs in this sport.
She holds a leading position and in the current season.
According to the rules, to speak at the 2016 Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, she will have to obtain special permission of the Olympic Committee of Ukraine.
Anna Burak is not the first Ukrainian athlete, which traded citizenship.
In July, Vladimir Putin decided to extradite a Russian passport shahmatistke Catherine Lagno - the Castle of Lviv, which is a double European champion (2005, 2008), the world of Tal (2010) and rapid chess (2014).
In the women's team of Ukraine athlete became the winner of Chess Olympiad in Turin (2006), the team of the World Cup in Astana (2013) and the European Team Championship in Warsaw (2013).
RS stopped the investigation catastrophe TU-204 in Vnukovo
A committee of Russia (RS) stopped the criminal investigation into catastrophe Tu-204 airline Red Wings.
As reported by the press service of the agency.
The decision was taken in connection with the death of the commander of the aircraft and flight.
The judicial examination showed that the cause of the catastrophe has increased the speed of call on the landing, the failure of the crew of standard procedures for landing, as well as unintended output engines on the elevated pace of direct traction.
The Tu-204 airline Red Wings Flight Prague - Moscow collapsed on December 29, 2012, when landing at Moscow's Vnukovo airport.
The aircraft vykatilosi for the takeoff strip and srell.
At the scene killed the commander of the aircraft, the second pilot and flight engineer.
The two bortprovodnika were delivered in medical institutions, where subsequently died from their injuries.
Three more flight attendants hospitalized with serious bodily injuries were long-term treatment.
In addition, serious bodily injury was the driver of the car, the limit at the time of the accident on Kievskoe shosse.
The passengers on board the aircraft was not.
Transport prosecutors after the disaster held in the Red Wings test, during which numerous violations were identified.
In February 2013, the airline's license was suspended.
The company resumed work in the summer of 2013.
Alexander Emelianenko began to train in SIZOs
A famous Russian fighter mixed style of 33-year-old Alexander Emelianenko, who is in jail on charges of violent acts of a sexual nature in relation to the keeper, fully recovered from the injury and started training.
The "Championship."
In May of this year, Russia's Investigative Committee Aleksander Emelianenko indicted charges of rape.
The suspect is wanted, on May 9, he was detained in Tambov after committing them a traffic accident, in which he received a hip fracture.
Emelianenko Jr. was placed under arrest until August 31, on September 1, was scheduled sentencing.
However, the court was postponed, and the investigation nastoyalo on the extension of detention until September 30.
In the case of an athlete's guilt would be proven, he could face imprisonment for up to six years.
What the strength, brother?
"The female president. recalls the most scandalous stories in the career of Alexander Emelianenko
His last fight Emelianenko spent in January this year, losing a technical knockout's position to a compatriot Dmitry Sosnovsky.
Alexander is the younger brother of the more famous fighter Fedor Emelianenko.
The latter is 4x world champion in mixed martial arts, 4x's seven-time world champion and the Russian champion sambo.
The anger was the most universal and functional human emotion
Cardie expression is biologically universal for humanity, and everyone involved in its creation of the body and the muscle is not accidental, and is an additional means of expressing power and threat, the scientists found Australia and the US.
They told about his findings in the journal Evolution and Human Behavior, and briefly about them can be read in the press release of the University of California at Santa Barbara.
Angry expression - joined and resting down the eyebrows, once a thin line of lips, bloated nostrils - equally in all cultures, and make it even blind from birth children, never saw him, says lead author of the study Aaron Sell.
As part of a major research project on the nature of anger, the scientists found that there was this emotion for the effective conduct of disputes during the conflict.
The more physical damage to one person may inflict another, the more opportunities to dictate to him, and he pleads it is up to the interlocutor with the help of anger.
The researchers found confirmation and its other hypotheses: Physically strong people often get angry and turn to pitch invasions, consider themselves entitled to dictate a competitive disadvantage, and also prefer security methods to solve conflicts peacefully.
Starting from the fact that anger is primarily "emotion of bargaining," the scientists decided that the movement of each of the seven groups of muscles, creating cardie expression must represent individual gnevangegosya more powerful and dangerous in the eyes of the interlocutor - and thereby get as soon as possible to agree to its terms in order to avoid conflict.
To test this hypothesis, researchers have modelled on the computer, where had or was absent from each of the seven elements Have faces, and showed them informants.
Although resting eyebrows or by forward chin separately did not face evil, then displayed with such features stronger physically study participants recognized unanimously.
The anger of a man, like animals, expresses a threat: The exaggerated manifestation of its own forces that force to accept and obey.
Man fanning nostrils and podgimaet lips with the same purpose as the frog that inflate, or Babuin that demonstrates its fangs.
"Anger" runs "interlocutor's refusal to accept the situation, and the person immediately takes the form of effectively showing the opposite side of the consequences of this failure.
But the most striking is that none of the components of the Have person is not arbitrary, they are one and the same, "said anthropologist John Tube.
NIIR proposed to allocate 250 million rubles broadcasting company "Crimea."
NIIR proposed to highlight in 2014 from the federal budget of 250 million rubles autonomous non-profit organization "company" Crimea. ""
This is stated in the draft resolutions of the government, prepared by the agency, which also said "Lenta.ru."
According to the explanatory note to the project, the subsidies from the federal budget will be directed "to cover the costs of creating the conditions for large-scale public awareness of socio-economic situation and the development of modern information space on the territory of the Republic of Crimea, including the acquisition of equipment."
In particular, the allocated money is supposed to remodel hardware-studio block, videowall, the central hardware and Videoserver.
It is also planned acquisition of mobile TV station and satellite transmitter.
In addition, the funds of the company will pay the use of fiber-optic communication lines (FOCL) and the repair of the energy system.
Subsidies will be provided within the limits of the federal budget funds provided for the Communications Ministry.
Суд "Crimea" was established in 1959, broadcast in seven languages: Ukrainian, Russian, /, German, Greek, Bulgarian and Armenian.
Today, the coverage of the television signal broadcasting company makes more than 75 percent of the territory of the peninsula.
In 2011, "the company" Crimea, "" received a license for television broadcasting in digital format.
