The prime ministers of India and Japan meet in Tokyo
India's new prime minister, Narendra Modi, meets with his Japanese counterpart, Shinzo Abe, in Tokyo to discuss ties in the fields of economy and security, in the context of his first major foreign trip after winning the election in May.
Mr. Modi's five-day trip to Japan with a view to strengthening economic ties with the world's third largest economy.
At the head of the agenda, plans to expand nuclear cooperation.
India also, reportedly, is hoping for an agreement on defense cooperation between the two countries.
Fano Russia will hold a final expert session
Federal agency Scientific Organizations (Fano Russia) in cooperation with the Russian Academy of Sciences will hold a third expert session "evaluation of the effectiveness of the scientific organizations."
The meeting will be the last in a series of meetings held by the agency in the last year, according to a press release, "in the editorial" ленты.ру ".
At the third meeting is scheduled to sum up the work of the expert session for the year, and a final list of performance indicators to evaluate scientific organizations.
Separately, participants of the conference plan to discuss the formation of expert groups, responsible for carrying out the evaluation of scientific groups, and criteria for the evaluations.
The third expert session will be the final event in a turn of events for all three academies on the formation of a common approach to the methodology of assessment of the effectiveness of the scientific organizations.
Over the past five months we have succeeded, and the final version of the regulations is to negotiate.
At the end of the session we should finish forming processes and expert analysis, to agree on the stages and deadlines of the evaluation, "said the chief of the экспертно-аналитического Fano control Russia's Elena Aksyonova.
The event will be attended by representatives of more than 100 scientific institutes in Russia.
On its results is expected to adopt a resolution.
The meeting will begin at 10: 00 a.m. Moscow time on September 16, 2014 at the following address: Moscow, Ulitsa grab bag, house 14.
Scientists have found a way to detect familial stars
Astrophysics at the University of California at Santa Cruz have studied mixing and his impact on the chemical homogeneity in star flocks.
It is expected that the discovery would allow experts to search among the stars of the family, that have emerged from one of the cluster.
The results of their research, the authors have published in the journal Nature, and briefly with them can be found on the website of the university.
Cause the same chemical composition stars is mixing in clouds of gas, preceding the formation of stars.
Even if born star then leaves the star cluster, according to its chemical composition can determine the place of her birth, and the region's education звезд-родственников.
Previously, scientists had doubts that the evolution of the stars outside a cluster may lead to the emergence of differences in its chemical content from any of the family members in the cluster.
The results of the simulation, conducted, show that such differences should not appear.
In his research with the help of specialists Supercomputer modeled two flow of interstellar gas, which together formed a cloud.
This object within a few million years under the influence of their own gravity into a cluster, which begin to be formed.
The scientists added краски-метки in initial gas flows and determined that thanks to the rapid in the cloud is the high level of the chemical homogeneity.
As astrophysics, they believe the study shows that it is possible to find звезды-родственники in chemical composition, and to identify possible areas of education such objects.
Police Karraty arrested 20-year after prosecution motorcycle at high speed
The motorcycle was confiscated after it drove at a speed of 125 km / h in a zone with a speed limit of 70 km / h and through, to hide from police up in the Pilbara.
Traffic police patrol in Karrate this morning attempted to stop a blue motorcycle, finding that it reaches a speed of 125 km / h, when he left the service station on Batgeyt Road.
Police reports that not stopped and continued movement at Berdzhess Road, then rolled in, resulting in police officers lost sight of it.
Motorcycle and a man matching the description of the driver, were seen near the house on Walcott Way in Bulgarre.
Police Karraty charged the 20th man charged with failure to stop and dangerous driving.
He is expected to appear before world court Karraty on September 23.
The motorcycle was confiscated and detained for three months.
School year to teach will begin no earlier than October
On September 1, the academic year to teach does not begin, because only 10% of children in the region.
This was announced by Minister of Education and Science of the self-proclaimed republic Igor Kostenok.
According to him, 11% of pupils left in other regions of Ukraine, 20% - in Russia.
Education in schools on the territory controlled by Teach, Don't start until October 1.
However, the teachers will return to work on September 1.
Completed an investigation of the catastrophe Tu-204 into Vnukovo in 2012
Russia's Investigative Committee has completed its investigation of the criminal case on the fact catastrophe Tu-204 at Vnukovo airport in December 2012.
It was reported today in the Russian Federation.
"Moscow Investigative Directorate at the Transport of Russia's Investigative Committee has completed an investigation of the criminal proceedings, instituted on the accident aircraft ту- 204 airline" red Vingz "at Vnukovo airport on December 29, 2012, on the signs of crime, foreseen RF ст.263 Criminal Code of RF / violation of safety rules in the movement and use of air transport, which entailed by negligence the death of two or more persons /," the statement reads.
The cause of the accident was the failure of the crew of standard procedures and increased the speed of the sunset on the landing.
George Webster County accused of rape in hotels in Neyrne and Pitlochry
Man stands trial on charges of rape of women in the two hotels.
George Webster County, 28 years old, charged during the hearing before the High Court in Glasgow.
Presumably, he raped a woman in a hotel "Scotland 'H' in Pitlochry, county Perthshire, on June 7, 2013.
Argues that Webster County attacked her when she was "unconscious, slept and was not in a condition to give consent."
In addition, Webster County is charged with raping another woman at the hotel "Golf Vyu" in Neyrne, which is located at северо-шотландском highlands, May 4, 2014.
Judge Lady Rae set a hearing in the High Court in Edinburgh on 17 November.
Lavrov: Russia will not "slam the door" in connection with new sanctions and will not withdraw from the WTO
Russia will not "slam the door" in connection with the new sanctions.
This was stated today, Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov, speaking to students and faculty of the Moscow State Institute of International Relations (MGIMO).
About our retaliatory measures in case of a new wave of anti-Russian sanctions, then I won't even speculate, fantasize, because everything has to be specifically designed, "he said.
And when we understand that at this time on European and American partners, then we will decide on how to respond to it.
It would not be connected with any grievances by clapping doors, falsely, - emphasized the minister.
We, first of all, we will build on our interests, to protect the interests of its economy, the social sphere, our citizens, our business and make conclusions from the actions of partners to assess their adequacy, and reliability.
On those steps which are undertaken in the field of sanctions, can be a very good judge, what are the partners, "continued to head the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation.
If in full voice say that "these sanctions would also be painful for us, but we have to go for it, to punish Russia," it is, perhaps, not very adequately. "
With regard to the WTO of the Russian Federation in response to possible new sanctions, the No.
We, on the contrary, we want more to master the tools of the WTO, including when it comes to talk about the trade disputes, "said Lavrov.
We've got the tools to overcome, as we believe, the discriminatory policy of the EU in relation to the anti-dumping procedures.
According to the minister, Russia is accused of our and thus used against Russian economic sectors anti-dumping measures.
"we are prepared to use the mechanisms of the WTO and to defend our position not to apply the provisions of the EU third in hindsight," Lavrov said.
How to use the siren in the design of a garden?
On the issues meets Irina Okuneva:
Because the siren after the fading of Flowers loses the bulk of its appeal, it is desirable to plant together with other bushes.
She is perfectly compatible with many cultures.
And near Syringa can and should be planted as ornamental plants in other terms, so and blooming at the same time with it.
Another plus lilac in that it provides a lot of opportunities for creativity.
You can shape its of varying heights, with a wide base and even improved a similar to the garden of bonsai - together with a bent.
Simply select the form, which is more in line with the design of your garden.
In Karelia for selling fake money convicted resident of Leningrad region
As reported in the republican Interior Ministry, the man was doing his criminal pursuits in Olonetskom and Segezhskom areas.
In addition to the Karelia, he committed similar crimes and in other regions of the country.
In particular, the accused has already in Vologda region, where in spring this year, he was sentenced to two and a half years in prison.
Later a man appeared before Olonetskim district court.
As for the end of the investigation of the crimes committed in our republic was driven in Segezhu.
In the process of the investigation proved the wine on several episodes of selling counterfeit money relating to the summer of 2013.
At the end of June this year, the materials of the criminal case with guilty of imprisonment were sent to court.
On Friday, August 29, the court ruled the decision to replace the term of imprisonment for a four year term in a general regime.
The verdict has not entered into force.
Let's remind, last week convicted another two fake money, which paid them in the shops of Petrozavodsk.
Citizens of Azerbaijan came in Kareliyu also from St. Petersburg.
One of them imprisoned for five years, the other for four.
Each is assigned to a fine of 500,000 roubles.
The sentence also in force have not joined.
In Arkhangelsk 73-ю noted the anniversary of the arrival of the first convoy "Dervish"
The meeting, which took place in the regional center, was dedicated to the first Arctic Convoy.
"Dervish" delivered in the USSR military assistance from the US and the UK.
In Arkhangelsk, a rally of remembrance was held at Stone future monument to the northern convoy, which is located on the waterfront in the name of Sedov's Solombale.
The event gathered representatives of veterans "organizations of Arkhangelsk, children of the cadet class.
The first time we met twenty three years ago, when a mortgage was laid stone.
But at the same time, today's event is not a holiday, but a day of memory of those who do not return to the sea, "said the chairman of the Board of Veterans of the Northern Maritime Shipping Company Boris Karpov.
Then, in the event of a Municipal Brass Band, and the cadet classes made up gave veterans with flowers and the flags of Russia and the banner of victory.
The meeting ended with the laying of flowers to stone.
The convoy consisted of five British ships and one Dutch transport loaded strategically important raw materials (10, 000 tons of rubber, 1 500 tonnes boots, wool and many other inventory and equipment).
Also on board the plane was military equipment and armament - 3 800 deep bombs and magnetic mines, 15 fighters in hurricane "status.
Under the escort of the convoy comprised 16 ships of the British Navy, among whom were two aircraft carriers.
Caravan of ships was not detected enemy and safely reached its destination - Arkhangelsk.
A total of 848 ships involved in the vital operations of the caravans, 126 were killed and some 50 military transport ships.
In the framework of the "Amur Autumn" will be the festival of amateur film
With 10 to 12 September in Blagoveshchensk "KinAmur amateur film festival will take place" in the framework of the "Amur Autumn."
Local Camera Buff will take part in the master-classes and shows of the Festival Theatre and Cinema.
On September 10, the participants "KinAmura" will take part in the workshop of famous directors, creative meeting and showing "a short meter": "человек-добро", "leaving in Orange," "арысь-поле".
September 11 will take place "fire under the board" Amur director Seeds Rudenko.
On September 12, will be held a festive closing of the festival "KinAmur", which will be summed up and named winners of the festival.
The amateur film contest will be held in several nominations.
For the first time will participate Cartoons: the festival selected 3 of the animated film.
Only participate in festival of 11 authors.
On next year's participants plan to display for the Russian level, the press service of the city administration.
Recalling the very American ideal that employment law is a human rights
Congressmen Keith Ellison and John Lewis have offered a bill, according to which the Organization of Trade Unions is protected as a civil right.
"where unions there and middle-class jobs," says Ellison, Democrat of Minnesota, who is co-chairman of the Congressional Progressive Caucus.
That's why I proudly present act about expanding the rights of workers, along with the symbol of the Movement for Civil Rights John Lewis.
This innovative bill would give workers the same legal opportunities for discrimination against the unions, what and when other forms of discrimination, the stopping power of the enemies of Trade Unions
Change to the law on the regulation of labor relations in such a way, and reach out to allow workers experiencing discrimination for participation in the Organization of Trade Unions, to seek justice in the civil courts - and to receive compensation and punitive damage payments - a sensible and necessary initiative.
But it's certainly not radical initiative - at least by American standards.
In fact, the best way to deal with that offer Ellison, Lewis and co-authors of the bill, is to recall a very American idea.
Despite the attacks, which the unions have been in recent years, is in Wisconsin, Michigan and other states across the country - Americans once supported countries around the world to adopt, to expand and to respect labor rights.
There was a time that millions of Americans still remember when this country simultaneously defended democracy, freedom of speech, freedom of the press and the right to organize.
When the United States occupied Japan after the Second World War, General Douglas MacArthur and his assistants have helped the country to adopt the constitution, by the way, to ensure that the militarized autocracy Khideki Todzyo was replaced by democracy.
Fully aware that the workers and their trade unions play a role in shaping a new Japan, they have included a text which explicitly admitted that "the right of workers to organize, and on the talks, and on collective action is guaranteed."
When the United States occupied Germany after the Second World War, General Dwight David Eyzenkhauer and his assistants have helped the Germans to write the constitution, which guaranteed that the fascism of Adolf Hitler has been replaced by a strong democracy.
Recognizing that workers will have to organize themselves and be heard in the new state, the Germans have included an article which openly stated: "the right to form associations in order to safeguard and improve working and economic conditions will be guaranteed to every person and every profession or activity.
Agreements that restrict or seek to curtail this right will not have legal force; measures aimed at these goals, will be considered illegal.
When former first lady Eleanor Roosevelt was the chairman of the International Commission on Human Rights, which has made the World Declaration on Human Rights in 1948, which will be adopted by the United Nations as a world agreement, Roosevelt and the compilers have included a guarantee that "everyone shall have the right to organize and join trade unions for the protection of his interests."
Generations of Americans have taken for granted the basic position that labor rights are human rights.
When this country advised by other countries about how to create a civil and democratic society, Americans have explained that the law on the Organization of the trade unions - and the fact that this trade union has been involved as an equal partner in collective bargaining with corporations and government agencies - should be protected.
Now, when these rights are under attack in America. Indeed, wisely, to return to the American ideal of what working people should have the right to organize and to ensure that their voices were heard in a free and open society.
As the Reverend Martin Luther King Jr. said fifty years ago:
History is a great teacher.
Now everyone knows that the trade union movement has not undermined the strength of the nation, but increased them.
Raising the living standards of millions, unions miraculously created a market for industry and lifted the whole nation to do the level of production.
Those who are attacking the unions, forget these simple truths, but history remembers them.
History remembers, as it should, and to us.
Official recognition of labor rights as human rights, and the protection of civil rights, to prevent discrimination against the Organization of Trade Unions is long overdue.
Keith Ellison and John Lewis% ideals, which historically have expanded America and made a promise of democracy a reality.
Judge TEMPORARILY BLOCKS LAW THAT WOULD CLOSE all clinics in Louisiana
In the U.S., a federal judge on Sunday temporarily blocked the introduction of Louisiana law, about which his supporters say he likely will close all five clinics in the state.
According to this measure, which was signed to perform the governor of Louisiana Bobby Dzhinadlom in June and was supposed to enter into force on 1 September, doctors who do abortions, were obliged to would have the powers of patients in a hospital within 30 miles of their practice.
Nevertheless, the judge's decision means that for the moment, the doctors can continue to make legal abortion, while continuing to seek these powers.
"the plaintiffs will be allowed to work legally, continuing efforts to gain power," he wrote in his decision, Judge John.
A hearing will be scheduled within a month, on which the district court judge will pronounce a more permanent solution under this law.
Defenders of abortion rights with Joy met of this decision, the latest in a series of rulings against similar measures, saying that it will give doctors more time to receive the Hospital Authority.
"today's decision ensures that the women of Louisiana will be protected from the evil law, which seeks to deprive them of health and rights," said Nancy Nortap, president and chief executive of the Center for Reproductive Rights, which filed a lawsuit to stop the law on behalf of three of the five clinics in the state.
It was not immediately clear whether the decision applies to doctors from the two clinics, which were not on this case, and also filed an application at the reception.
Louisiana is one of 11 states that have adopted similar laws, and the courts recently have recognized such measures unconstitutional in Alabama and Mississippi.
Key parts of a Texas law that would have shut down most of the remaining clinics in the state, have been blocked by a federal judge on Friday.
Fighters for the right to abortion, along with the American College of and colleagues and the American Medical Association say that the credentials of laws impose restrictions on doctors who are not necessary from the point of view of medicine.
Opponents of abortion argue that such measures are aimed at protecting women's health, though some also noted their positive effect in closing clinics.
Only have one doctor who does abortions in Louisiana, have powers of admission to hospital, said Center for Reproductive Rights.
If all the other doctors in the state will be forced to stop performing the procedure, the doctor, fearing for their safety, no longer would perform the procedure, told the group.
In criticizing the decision, Louisiana officials said they will not punish doctors doing abortions, as long as their statements on the reception waiting for decisions.
Which will lead to the imposition of quotas on domestic products
Not less than half of products for every category of goods in stock trading networks should be produced in Russia, "Oleg Nilov believes Duma deputy from the Just Russia faction.
Parliamentarian has prepared a bill aimed at introducing protective measures in respect of domestic manufacturers, writes the newspaper "Izvestia."
The document still will be some points will be amended or specified, to avoid possible discomfort for buyers.
This concerns goods that are not produced in Russia. <... > on the rest of the groups of products, which are produced in Russia, the retailer will have to provide at least half of their shelves of domestic manufacturers, "said Nilov edition.
Together with the amendments to article "about basic principles of state regulation of trading activity in the Russian Federation," the draft law provides for making changes in the tax code, laying down a slower rate of VAT at 10% if the sales of the products, produced in Russia.
The idea to introduce a 50% -процентную quota in Shopping Networks is included in a package of stimulus measures for Russian producers.
On the shelves will appear in several times more than domestic goods.
But the initiative may have both positive and negative effects, experts say.
According to the company's lawyer "Nalogovik", a member of the independent expert for the "public council" of Litvinenko, for the Russian economy, as well as for Patriotic Agricultural and Food Processing Industries, the effect will be a positive character, and will lead to growth.
Among the winners are, farmers, small shops.
They will be able to sell more, and this means that profits will grow.
In addition, they will have the right to dictate their terms and prices, because those retailers will be forced to buy their goods.
Russian producers will be able to increase its activity and sales that will pay higher taxes than before.
It will increase budget revenues, will create new jobs, any industry will begin to expand any faster than becoming accustomed, will be introduced to contribute to GDP growth.
Russia's dependence on foreign food will fall in a few times, but not immediately, "said the expert.
Earlier Russian enterprises are often unable to break on the shelves of local stores because of high competition from foreign analogues.
Now, after the imposition of the embargo, to this niche then emerged and you can breathe a sigh of relief.
But we should not forget that after all the necessary approvals and sanitary checks on the Russian market come before food products from the countries of Latin America, Turkey and Serbia.
In other words, it is now calm, "" moment when former players already are gone, and the new ones have not yet arrived.
Almost a month later, you can talk about the increased demand on domestic raw materials, as well as rising prices for finished products, "said аиф.ru first vice president of the All-Russian Public Organization" the Russian club of financial directors, "Ph.D. Tamara Kasyanov.
Clearly, the idea of selling in each category at least 50 percent of Russian food products will allow us to consolidate the sector for local producers.
In this case, they will compete with each other, not with goods, which at the expense of another state subsidies, are cheaper.
In other words, the battle for buyer unfold between the companies, working on a single law industry.
On the other hand, notes Kasyanov, Russian producers able to meet 50% of domestic needs of compatriots not on all items.
And in this situation of trading networks will have to "" share of Russian goods up to half of the range.
In connection with this, fears are mounting that the counters to do substandard goods.
Possible, under the guise of manufactured in Russia will ship abroad products with labels, "adds an expert.
A negative effect from the introduction of quotas would feel large trading networks, especially those whom relatives to cooperate with importers.
It is logical that if such a scenario will suffer and their foreign suppliers, because the demand for their products will decline.
Litvinenko did not rule out that the quota law on domestic goods may impact on consumers.
The fact of the matter is that some of the Russian products production can yield quality imported analogues, while shops will send prices rocketing in the second, as the key commodity.
About a in the early 2000s, the idea of import substitution economists started talking again in February this year because of the continuing devaluation of the ruble.
Now, against the backdrop of troubled relations with the West, the question of abandoning the import of products becomes even more urgent.
The law aims to oblige retailers on orders to suppliers to reckon with domestic producers.
Then we are much faster and more confident will go the way of import substitution, and the system of production planning for the necessary kinds of products will be set up in a short time, "says deputy Oleg Nilov.
Especially effective mechanism of quotas will be for the agricultural sector, where the potential is especially high, for example, in the dairy industry, where the share of imports was 25%.
Our farmers are able to fully cover the shelves of Russian shops.
In addition, a powerful impulse can get and meat production.
As we know, the largest share of imports remains on beef - from 30% to 35%.
It turns out that 65-70 per cent are still on Russian products, "says Kasyanov.
Experts are of the opinion that the introduction of quotas on domestic products will contribute to and can speed up this process.
But in itself to this initiative will not, because the need for this set of measures, I am sure Mr Litvinenko.
In any case, the 50 per cent of the goods sold under this initiative can still be brought from abroad, and therefore, full of import substitution does not occur, but significant steps in this direction will be done.
To the same little set quotas, these quotas need to establish production of domestic products in the country to perform.
These quotas as once such guarantees and provide, "concludes the expert.
Time put diagnosis and the lack of access to optimal treatment in rural areas mean that ovarian cancer kills more
Angelina Jolie and her brother James published a video memory of their late mother, who died from ovarian cancer in 2007.
Women, in rural Australia, face a higher risk of death from ovarian cancer than those living in cities.
The researchers analyzed maps of more than 1,100 Australian women diagnosed with ovarian cancer in 2005, finding that only 35 percent have lived five years after being diagnosed.
Lead researcher Susan Jordan of the Institute of Medical Research QIMR Berghofer said that the chance of dying during the study on 20 percent higher for those who live in the regions and remote areas of the state, than those who live in urban areas.
A small study: new drugs may slow lung cancer and ovarian cancer
Researchers have tracked the medical path women for seven years.
Dr Jordan said that the age of the women at the time of diagnosis, the type of ovarian cancer, the current illnesses and status also influenced the likelihood of survival.
Older women and those who were in a more advanced stage of cancer at the time of diagnosis, had the lowest survival rates.
For those who lived in remote areas or regions of the state, the chance of dying during the study was 20 percent higher than for those who lived in urban areas.
Although the study was not designed to determine why women, living outside the cities, are more likely to die from ovarian cancer, Dr. Jordan suggested that the time of diagnosis and the lack of access to optimal treatment is possible factors.
"this disease is best treated surgeons, specializing in gynaecological oncology, and they mainly are located in big cities," she said.
Despite the improvement in the quality of telemedicine services, to reduce the impact of the distance, she suggested that the increase in the number of services on the departure, which will allow specialists to treat women closer to home, and programs to support people who have been treated far from his home, may help.
Dr Jordan said that regardless of the geographical position, the study found that prolonged life expectancy among women with ovarian cancer was rare, highlighting the need for more effective treatment and prevention strategies.
Research, a unit of Rio Tinto Ride to Conquer Cancer, will be published today in The Medical Journal of Australia.
In March 2012, at the age of 33 years old, a young mother with Gold Coast Elishe Neave was told that she had an aggressive form of ovarian cancer.
In September in a new FAP Kuzhenerskom area of open doors
Construction of the medical establishment in the village of Toktaybelyak was started in April this year and was conducted according to a standard project provided.
The cost of the work amounted to little more than 10 million rubles.
According to the Office of Public Relations and Information head of Mari El, financing the construction of the facility was financed by the Republican budget in accordance with the address investment program.
The total area built health facilities are nearly 230 square meters.
Here will provide medical assistance to residents of eight villages: the village of Toktaybelyak And Villages Demenitiev, Tunya Pyuncheryumal Fomichi Toraybelyak Shinur and Chashkayal.
New фельдшерско-акушерский item will replace incumbent FAP building which was built in 1918 and has long depleted their resource, and its premises do not meet hygiene requirements.
A new facility will open in the near future.
Son at a later stage appears before the court
A resident of Chuvashia will be in the dock for murder of his own child.
In Cheboksary completed investigation into the criminal case against 31-летней resident Novocheboksarsk in bodily death by negligence.
The investigation established that 26 July this year accused together with son arrived at the celebration of the birthday of the child his Cumae in Cheboksary.
After a lengthy meal decided to stay in the game and placed the child to sleep.
When the baby woke at night and cried like hot cakes, alcohol a woman put it next to the bed to feed breast, but soon had fallen asleep.
During a sleeping woman on son, as a result of which he died from suffocation.
Criminal case, the press service of the Su bears in Chuvashia, directed at the court.
Inflation out of the holidays.
Whether the Russians will feel a sharp rise in prices
As a result of overlapping sanctions of Russia and the West will accelerate inflation in Russia and not in forecasts authorities, convinced analysts at VTB Capital.
According to the experts, the deferred effects will lead to inflationary shock in the first quarter of 2015, writes RBC Daily.
According to the latest forecast of the Ministry of Economic Development, inflation in 2014 will be 6,5-7,5% next year and even less - 6.5%.
However, according to the newspaper "Kommersant," This week the mayor should make "small, but significant" changes in macroeconomic forecast up to 2017.
According to the publication, the department could lower the estimate of inflation in 2015, which will eliminate the expected lose the income growth of the population.
The forecast assumed that the Russian food sanctions apply a year - until August 2015.
As in such situations could be to assume such high inflation?
The current situation suggests a single-use shock, but trend inflation will not change, "said a source at the newspaper Minfine.
Economists from the "VTB Capital" does not share the expectations of financial and economic bloc governments regarding inflation and predict price growth in 2014 at the level of 8%.
The main effect of product bans will come together with the possible introduction of sales tax in the regions of the Russian Federation (GAP) in 2015, experts believe.
The inflation peak at 9 percent will be in February, after which the annual pace of price growth will be on the decline, experts believe.
By the way, last week, pursued summed the first inflationary results after Russia imposed sanctions "neat."
Аиф.ru interviewed experts and found their inflation expectations.
Artem Deev, head of analytical department of FC aforex:
Price increases have been observed in the major segments of the goods.
Moreover, when steel rise socially important products, the government was forced to launch a follow-up system of monitoring price stability, in order to prevent the risk of unjustified price increases in the short term.
Suppliers and retailers already report on a daily basis before regulatory bodies, so that the authorities know exactly who, when and for what reason will trigger rising prices.
Key factors for the growth of the consumer price index continues to remain a whopping rate of capital flight, and the excessive refinancing the banking sector from the side of Russia's supervisor, inner conversion due to the fleeing population in foreign currency, as well as the embargo on the import of food from countries that joined the sanctions against Russia.
If inflationary pressures remained under control, the cost of a basket of a minimum set of products not only would have jumped by 12% in one quarter.
A ban on the import of food products caused the shock of supply on the domestic market and led to the utterly increases the ultimate cost.
Because at this stage we are not able to fully launch the mechanism of import substitution, and increase self-sufficiency of the Russian market at the expense of domestic production, retaliatory sanctions continue to bear the risks of inflationary growth component.
If you add another and fiscal reasons, related to a lack of confidence in the national currency, as well as prospects for economic growth, by the end of this year, inflation could well exceed 8%.
Alexander Razuvaev, director of the analytical department of the "Alpari"
In the 1990s, inflation sometimes reached 20-30% in the month, to zero, it also was higher than the current level, another thing that then this is offset by rapid economic growth.
I think, at the end of the year, inflation will be replaced%.
Plato Maguta, managing assets of the Criminal Code "fund Maguta"
The external factor associated with sanctions against Russia, so far has successfully contained, but if it will further intensify the pressure, first of all, on the financial sector - this can lead to certain difficulties and increase the population's inflationary expectations, which tend to traditionally appear in purchases of cash currency in order to protect their savings.
It can be assumed that the government, the central bank and the Ministry of Finance will try to soften the continuous weakening of the ruble, market-based methods, as well as state regulation.
But rising prices traditionally begins after the summer lull and, possibly, this fall will become more tangible.
The target level of consumer inflation in Russia at 7.5%, is likely to be much of a weapon, as Russia has another financial savings.
Centers Grieve from the decline in the number of homeowners
This fall, due to the reduction in the number of homeowners aged less than 35 years of age, can cause centers will start to lose tens of millions of pounds a year, when today's young people reached "the age of gardening," according to the survey by the HTA, about which told the Financial Times.
According to this report, of people, relieve housing, spend an average of 55 percent of the amount the owners own the houses spend on gardening.
It mentions an increase in the number of people living in areas without gardens, popularity make asphalt yards in front of the house for parking and a reduction in the size of the garden as other factors, bearing a threat for the industry, whose annual sales volume is estimated at £5 billion.
In Greater London, where the number of homeowners fell from 61 percent to 43 percent over six years, the lowest in the UK, the level of spending on goods for gardeners on the household.
HTA and Royal Society reported that rental housing and the lack of space for garden doesn't mean that people can't grow plants.
Guy Barter, chief horticulture adviser at the RHS, said: "growing plants in containers, for example, is especially popular with tenants, which can carry plants with them when moving."
The HTA report identified the period between 1997 and 2005 as the "golden age" of retail trade in goods to gardening as a result of an increase in the number of homeowners and economic prosperity since the end of the 1980s to the mid 1990s.
It also predicted that the market will improve this year, thanks to more good weather after adverse conditions in March and April last year.
Bulgaria, the agriculture ministry conducted a mass purge in the fund "agriculture"
Three of the four chiefs of the fund "agriculture" were replaced by another on Friday.
In total, three of the four chiefs of the fund "agriculture" were replaced by another on Friday.
Bulgaria's Ministry of Agriculture officially reported only about removing from office Executive Director Atanas Dobrev.
His place has been taken by Lousã Municipality Portugal Vassilev.
It turned out that on Friday were по-тихому and two of the three deputy executive directors of the fund.
Released deputy executive director Tatiana Angel, which until then was responsible for state aid and program SAPARD, informs BGNYeS "work" with a link to a newspaper.
I was not present at the Board of Governors Fund, because by law we are not members of the leadership, but I was told later that I was liberated.
I can't say that about my dismissal was not reported on the Web site of the foundation.
I'm on vacation.
I hope that I know more on Monday, "said the Angel.
Her place will take Ivanka Bagdatova, which until now was head of the "investment" into a central fund to "farming" in Sofia.
Was relieved as Deputy Executive Director Nikolai Dachev.
Before that moment, he was responsible for direct subsidies for Fields, paid into the EU.
In its place will be appointed Zhivko Zhivkov, who was the chief of the Regional Directorate of the fund "agriculture" in the city of Veliko Tarnovo until January 2014.
His post has retained only the fund's deputy head of Atidzhe алиева-вели.
Currently, she is responsible for the development of rural areas.
The official reasons for all the changes in the office are not mentioned.
Turkey is an American diplomat in connection with a message about the espionage
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Turkey was the top American diplomat in the country for clarification in connection with the report on the American and British espionage in Turkey.
Deputy Prime Minister Byulent reported that the American chargé d'affaires and Turkish officials discussed the message on Monday.
The German magazine "Der Spiegel" magazine and "The Intercept" reported that documents provided by former US National Security Agency analyst Edward Snoudenom, show that Turkey was a priority target of intelligence for American and British intelligence services.
According to Turkish news agencies, Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan the importance of this message, saying that all the leading countries spying on each other.
Earlier information that Germany's main intelligence agency also made Ankara target intelligence, triggered more outcry response from the Turkish government.
Major Chinese companies have joined together against Alibaba
Chinese companies, including China's largest commercial property developer, Dalian Wanda Group and интернет-гиганты Tencent Holdings (our messenger, etc.) and Baidu (the Chinese search engine), creating a company that will compete on the market of online trading with Alibaba.
However, to catch up with the miracle of the Chinese Internet, which left behind even their American rivals - eBay and Amazon.com, will not be easy.
Union's largest
The company plans to invest in a joint venture of the 5 billion yuan ($814 million), 70 percent of it will be owned by Wanda and 15 percent each of the Internet companies, according to a press release from the Wanda Group.
Planned to register the firm in Hong Kong.
The joint venture will unite the search service Baidu with popular social platform WeChat (the largest in China, where the number of users is about 438 million), Tencent and infrastructure of Wanda.
In addition to the network of 40 luxury hotels, the Wanda Group controls at least 49 of objects of the commercial real estate throughout China and 40 shopping centers.
In the past year, the company has invested more than $50 billion yuan (8 billion dollars) in the construction of a film studio and theme park entertainment in Tsindao (a city in east China on the shore of the Yellow Sea).
It is expected that the project will attract more than 1 million visitors annually and generate a profit at the level of $960 million.
In addition, Wanda owns US cinema chain AMC Entertainment Holdings, which makes the company the largest operator of cinemas in the world.
By 2015, Wanda plans to equip all belonging to her shopping centers, hotels and places of entertainment services of e-commerce, a development which will just created by rival Alibaba.
According to Dong Tse, who will lead the new company, thanks to the Wanda e-commerce will be able to increase the number of users of its services from the current 40 million to 100 million already to the next year.
The new playground will become the biggest online-to-offline platform in the world, said Dong Tse.
The essence of the online-to-offline (O2O) commerce lies in attracting customers online with the fact that they came in the usual офлайн-магазины or bought other traditional services.
Are a classic example of O2O services by selling coupons, like Groupon or vigoda.ru.
"O2O is the biggest pie in онлайн-коммерции," - said the head of the Wanda Wang Tszyanlin (quote via Bloomberg).
"now this site O2O in China does not exist, and in this situation we all roughly equal chances," he said.
The Chinese e-commerce market is the largest in the world, and, according to McKinsey & Co., its size will increase more than threefold by 2015 compared with 2011, to $395 billion.
The number of Chinese Internet users rose to 632 million, Bloomberg data brings the official statistics: this is more than the population of any country in the world, except India.
And is projected to have by 2015, that number could rise to $850 million.
Union's richest
The head of Tencent Ma Khuaten was until recently the richest man in China, however, according to Index millionaires agency Bloomberg, Alibaba founder Jack Ma has already surpassed its $5.5 billion
Condition of Jack Ma is estimated at $21.8 billion, of which $11 billion were attributable to its stake in Alibaba.
The head of Baidu's Robin Li, now ranks third among China's richest people, whereas Van Tszyanlin from Wanda "fourth line in the rating.
"for this fight is very interesting to watch: three of the richest person combine efforts to challenge even more rich," said Bloomberg, director of the Chinese Center for Research on Electronic Commerce in Hangzhou Cao lay.
But he believes that the new company is unlikely to be able to seriously compete with Alibaba immediately after the creation: "Rome can't be built in a day."
About that with Alibaba is not so - that simply compete not only new companies but also honored leaders world of e-commerce, is published on the eve of a report about the financial performance of Alibaba in the last quarter.
Alibaba is often described as something between eBay and Amazon.com, but from April to June the Chinese company earned more than both of its U.S. competitors combined.
Net profit of Alibaba over the period in almost two times higher than similar indicator competitors - she grew up in almost three times year on year and totaled $1.99 billion.
"Alibaba still has huge potential to generate money, largely thanks to its mobile applications," commented on the Bloomberg report, an analyst from the Hong Kong Arete Research Service.
According to the updated Avenue Alibaba on the website of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, the number of active mobile users services company in July totaled 188 million, significantly higher than the March figure (163 million).
At the same time, 32.8 percent of all transactions of Alibaba in the past quarter had to on mobile devices.
Alibaba will have to call the value of their stock before the IPO.
According to the average estimate of 11 analysts surveyed by Bloomberg, the company could be assessed at $187 billion after the sale of the shares.
According to the sources, Bloomberg, Alibaba's debut on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) could take place as early as September 16.
Road company, preceding the event, starts on September 3.
It is expected that the output of Alibaba on the IPO will be a record in the history of the NYSE, and will allow the company to raise about $20 billion.
So far, the record for volume on U.S. exchanges attracted funds belonged to the Visa payment system, which in 2008 held an initial public offering of its shares, earning in the $17.9 billion
No less than half the food products in retail chains should be the Russian production, believe the deputies of the State Duma.
They have developed a bill on this subject.
We are talking about the amendment of Article 8 of the Federal Law "About basic principles of state regulation of trading activity in the Russian Federation" and the tax code.
The aim of the document is the introduction of protective measures against Russian producers of food.
Important clarification, according to the draft law, at least 50 percent of the products of domestic production in the shops should be for each kind of goods.
However, the document will take into account that there are products that are not produced in Russia, for example, fruit and vegetables in the winter, however, will be done for them "discount" to avoid possible discomfort for buyers.
At the same time, the draft law introduces a change in the tax code of the Russian Federation, establishing a slower rate of VAT in the amount of 10% of the sales of all food products, the country of origin which is Russia, informs the newspaper "Izvestia."
On August 27, the lower house of parliament has introduced a draft law on the introduction of amendments into the Federal Law "On retail markets," which proposes to revive Russia's in farmers' markets, where small producers will be able to sell their products.
The head of police Magalufa CHARGED IN CORRUPTION
The plaintiffs have presented evidence of extortion on the part of police and officials of the Office of Public Prosecutor Malorki Kalvii on Friday.
Police Chief Kalvii on the resort island of Mallorca was arrested as a result of accusations of corruption on the part of businessmen and owners of bars in the notorious known center of unbridled drinking Magalufe.
Chief Inspector Jose Antonio Navarro was placed into custody as a result of the corruption charges brought against him by several businessmen with Punta Ballin, streets, on which sits most of the bars and nightclubs Magalufa.
According to the daily онлайн-издания Mallorca Diario, the plaintiffs have presented evidence of extortion on the part of police and officials of the municipality Kalvii IN OFFICE Malorki anti-corruption prosecutor on Friday.
Another two local policemen were arrested Spain's National Guard in connection with allegations of corruption and will be interrogated judge together with Navarro.
The Spanish daily newspaper ABC reported that disaffected owners of clubs are saying that protectionism on the part of the authorities "seriously reflected on the state of their business.
"it is no longer a question of whether to earn the money, it's about how to survive," said the court, one of the businessmen.
We cannot compromise our livelihoods.
We have nothing to lose.
Hit headlines in the international press this summer after a popular video on YouTube, in which he was shown the 18-year-old British campers, fellatio on 24 men during a race on the bars.
The island's authorities have since been trying to stop hooliganism at a later stage among vacationers Magalufa, reducing to a minimum the number of outrageously famous alcoholic run on bars.
In addition, the club where the incident occurred with Fellatio Playhouse, was forced to close for a year, while the Playhouse and the organisers of the race on bars carnage together were fined for €55,000 ($73000).
Tourist resort of Magaluf mainly popular among young British vacationers, also has been the scene of numerous accidents in a state of alcoholic intoxication, associated with crazy pastime known as "" when people jump from one balcony to another or from a balcony in the hotel pool.
The first day of spring is wet and Vetren conditions that resulted in flights at Adelaide Airport
Prepared cold spring a surprise at the south of South Australia, bringing heavy rains and strong winds, which affected flights at Adelaide Airport.
Still 5 mm of rain fell on the city in the evening, to 9 p.m., followed by 6.6 mm, which occurred during the night Sunday.
The latest rain was preceded by a pair of short rains from wind, including The Tempest, which shortly before 8 p.m. and almost 4 mm for about 10 minutes.
After Winter issued an early portion of spring last week, temperatures again fell on Monday to a high of just 15,8c in town.
Conditions, as it is supposed to, served as one of the reasons for the delay of planting Virgin Airlines flight from Melbourne in Adelaidu.
The plane was supposed to land on schedule just after 7: 30 p.m., but arrived in the zone the winds - sudden changes of speed and direction of wind over a short distance - and was forced to gain height.
Gusts of wind reached 50 km / h at Adelaide Airport on Earth at that time.
Flight data showed the plane had to gain height during the second landing, and the plane eventually landed about 8: 40 pm.
The delay of the flight caused the subsequent delay of several other flights, including flight from Dubai's Emirates and Qantas flight from Sydney.
A maximum of 16C is forecast in Adelaide on Tuesday with the possibility of one or two showers.
The calculation of the estimate of construction projects in the Russian Federation will take place in
Issues of pricing, regulation of the construction industry, as well as the problems of connectivity, the Federal Antimonopoly Service takes on a special control.
Under FAS created the Advisory Council on the development of competition in the construction industry.
At its meeting, the head of control housing, construction and natural resources of FAS Vadim Solovyov said that "today's calculation estimates construction projects is absolutely incomprehensible."
Regulatory framework makes pricing opaque and may lead to unnecessary cost of construction, according to FAS.
And the offer price for the construction of objects of state property at the design stage to determine on the basis of market prices constructive solutions, instead of the currently estimated norms and individual rates to technological operation.
The proposals made in the "road map" and now are under consideration in the common economic space.
"replacing the traditional estimate documentation in construction on the calculations of constructive elements should lead to less corruption in the industry," explained the "RSL" Vadim Solovyov.
Because now the budgeted every bolt and nut, and not always possible all the documentation in check, however sometimes unscrupulous construction companies may "whole tractor."
In a common economic space with FAs agree.
"the first expertise on transition to the calculation of the value of constructive elements already have: developed a methodology for the calculation of prices for constructive solutions, budgeting for these indicators," told "Access" to the head of the Department of Urban Planning and Architecture Construction Elena Zhukov.
Has been selected as a pilot area of road construction.
But experts believe that the problem is much more serious.
As he told the head of the construction company RSL "профи-инвест" Anatoly Demyanko, estimated the regulations were obsolete long ago, but another mechanism business until it offered.
"as for the proposed settlement on the constructive elements, then it is difficult to work in practice, as well as in construction of buildings often uses a completely different technology," he said.
It is no secret that is largely thanks to.
According to the chairman of the Management Board of NP "the expert community procurement professionals" Catherine Lezinoy, today the state is the most effective customer.
Deputy director of the Engineering Industry Center of capital construction of Rosatom, Vladimir Malakhov, drew attention to the fact that today the market conventionally divided into companies that have access to a portfolio of contracts, and the company, owning monopolies competence and not allowing for this field of competitors.
He believes that the creation of a transparent market is only possible provided that, when access to contracts will be maximally is defended against someone's manager's impact.
The Expert Council was invited to form a system of procurement so that one and the same performer may not receive more than one contract worth more than 1 billion rubles or several contracts worth over 1 billion rubles.
The common economic space believe that this approach must be assessed from the point of view of the impact on business, as well as the efficiency of construction management.
As explained Elena Zhukov, in this case need to be given the functions of general contractors, which would lead to an increase in the normal number of customer and budgetary spending on its contents.
In this case, the customer will need to have the knowledge to assess the quality of contractor organizations work, as well as their safety.
Often at the breakdown will need to determine who will be responsible for the security of a object in general.
In addition, this approach may result in the outflow of highly skilled participants of government purchases in connection with in receipt of state order on a volume of works and a small amount of the contract.
Deputy экспертно-консультационного Center Institute of procurement Alexander Yevstashenkov believes that now the procurement procedure has become a business game on the attentiveness of the contractor.
And cited this example: "a participant when filling in the application must specify" specific performance "without specifying the words: 'or equivalent," "to be," "From," "More," "Less," "analog", "", "" type "or similar type of" no, "Below," "Below," "Higher," "may," "could have," "may be," "earlier" and "no earlier", "No More," "Not Allowed" and so on.
Thus, customers often abuse their right to set requirements for the content of the application of contractor organizations.
Another problem, according to 44-фз Yevstashenkova, became necessary to evaluate quality is still at the stage of filing the application works through a "paper" Member's proposal.
In considering the application of the participant, you can really only assess the qualifications of the contractor, but not the quality of the works, the implementation of which has not even started yet, "said the expert.
The quality of the works can be assessed only when their acceptance.
The expert advice was also requested to move income from the upper to the lower echelon to have disappeared from the contractors.
The chairman of the Expert Council, State Secretary, FAS deputy head Andrei Tsarikovskiy believes that this isn't worth it, so as to respond in order to.
But otherwise will result, as in the famous Arcadia Raykina "atelier": "to claims have?."
Israeli children returned to school after the war in Gaza
Thousands of Israeli children in areas close to Gaza again went to school on Monday after having spent a summer in, when missiles and mines rain fell on their settlements in time: the WAR BETWEEN ISRAEL AND HAMAS, while schools in Gaza remained closed during the order, as the territory was recovering after the fighting.
The beginning of school sessions brought a sense of joy and excitement to the victims from missiles Israel's settlements of the South, however, traces of warfare remained fresh.
In the southern city of Ashdod, the kindergarten "Pashosh", in which hit a rocket, removed traces of debris from walls and children's slides before the arrival of pupils.
"we are a little afraid, but happy to look in the future," said Ronit Barth, a resident of Kibbutz Saad and English teacher at his school.
Many children in our district really needs to go back to a quiet life.
Her 11-year-old daughter, Shani BART, said that "a little bit strange" suddenly start to go to school again.
"it was a difficult time, and we never went out of their houses," she said.
President Reuven Rivlin visited Kibbutz, which is located near the border with the Gaza Strip, to express his support.
Before the cease-fire stopped the war last week, thousands of residents of border settlements, such as Saad, not out on the street or displaced from their homes, having left to safer areas further from Gaza, to escape from rocket and fire.
Many residents Nakhal Oz, a settlement near the border with the Gaza Strip, where Palestinian Authority to the mines was killed 4-year-old boy, doubt that they should go back.
The Ministry of Education reported that about a dozen families still have not returned.
Their children were sent to other schools at this time.
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu visited a school in Sderot, a town on the border with the Gaza Strip, which heavily from Palestinian fire.
He advised the children carefully studying and said: "we will do everything possible to give you the knowledge and to ensure your safety."
Israel and Hamas have agreed on a perpetual ceasefire last Tuesday.
The cease-fire agreement immediately put an end to combat operations, however, left unresolved were key issues, for example, the demand for Hamas to remove египто-израильской blockade of Gaza and the opening of the airport and sea ports in Gaza.
Israel wants Hamas to folded arms and returned the bodies of two Israeli soldiers who died in the war.
It is expected that a new round of indirect negotiations will begin later this month in Egypt.
The war killed more than 2,100 Palestinians, among whom three quarters were civilians, and at least 494 children, according to Palestinian and U.N. estimates.
Israel disputes those figures and says that at least half of those killed were militants; despite this, he had not provided substantial evidence supporting this claim.
Have died on the Israeli side, 66 soldiers and six civilians, including one Thai worker.
During the fighting, Hamas and other militants in Gaza released 4591 unit of missiles and mines on Israeli towns, mainly in the south of the country.
The Israeli army, meanwhile, has more than 5,000 aerial and other attacks.
As a result of Israeli attacks were damaged and destroyed thousands of homes in the Gaza Strip, and an estimated 250,000 people have found refuge in more than 100 schools, which were converted into shelters.
Due to the fact that tens of thousands of people were still in shelters, and fights continued, officials in charge of education, last week delayed the start of the academic year.
"I hope that the school will soon be opened, so that we were able to finish our education, as kids all over the world and Jewish children," said Mohammad Amara, the 13-year-old boy, who now lives in one of Gaza's schools.
According to popular criterion of real estate prices showed the largest winter growth for seven years.
The price index of housing RP Data CoreLogic hedonic to Australian capital city house prices rose 1.1 percent in August, RP Data reported on Monday.
This growth has led to cumulative increase for June, July and August to 4.2 percent, itself a major increase over the winter months since 2007.
Annual price growth was 10.9 percent, more than doubled, exceeding growth in the 12 months to August 2013, but the increase was not evenly distributed across the country.
RP Data research director Tim Lawless said the Sydney and Melbourne lead the two-level market.
RP Data figures show that in Sydney house prices grew by 16.1 percent over the last year, while in Melbourne, at 11.7 percent.
Following the power markets were Adelaide, Brisbeyn and Darwin, where prices on average rose from five to six percent.
At the other end of the scale was Canberra at which government spending cuts, where prices rose by just 1.4 per cent over the year.
Mr Lawless said that now, when spring began, there will be an increase in the number of properties for sale, over the next few months, it will be "a real test" for the market.
"given the current high level of Speed auction sales, a high velocity sales and current conditions with a low interest rate, it is likely that the cost of housing will increase further over the next three months," he said.
How people live in the old house of Ufa
In the former home of gold industrialists and Yevdokima and his son Ivan Museum-Preserve of history on the street of the October Revolution 57 / 1 (formerly Big Kazan) 18 apartments.
House since the 18th century buildings virtually not changed, if not considered.
Extraneous people go here, like on the tour, and the tenants are suffering more than delighted, from his privilege - the right to live in the oldest Ufa House, whose walls remember commander Alexander Suvorov.
Date buildings house, historians point to two dates - 1730 1737 years.
But in any case, it turns out that the building nearly 300 years.
The old yard, always open the door, squeaky staircase.
Doors in the apartments are located far from each other, the walls are cracked, and in from peeling plaster places visible to the street.
It seems that everything rests on an honest word.
And local residents assure: "don't you think that this is so and there is."
Live in a wooden house of the 18th century is very difficult, "says Tatiana 1961, a resident of apartment # 3.
The object is located on, but money on its contents not allocated tens of years and we feel the museum exhibits, about whom the authorities simply have forgotten.
The last renovation was 40 years ago.
Walls still at the very least remain, but the foundation of the entire.
Many of the tenants still go to the toilet on the street, and washed once a week in a public bath.
How can we be satisfied in such circumstances?!
The road passes directly under the windows, even pedestrian zone is not present.
Tatiana raises up the curtain.
Now you can see what until then had only heard: under Windows rushes the flow of cars.
You see, in a glass window open can't constantly, and get used to the noise.
People also are accustomed to things, for good and bad.
Our apartment still top, courtesy of her husband, he has golden hands.
Moreover, the two rooms we live together with her son.
And other families have much worse conditions, on the second floor at all the ceilings a little more than one and a half meters tall.
For contrast, Tatyana, invites guests to enter the roommate out of the apartment No. 6 Lyudmila Starostin.
A friendly woman with threshold offers a cup of coffee and with the saddest smile says:
We had a one-room apartment, 14.5 m ² on four people, and as we live: with her husband and daughter with his granddaughter.
I'm here with the birth, another living space was not never, "Lyudmila eyes room: mezzanine, two sofa the letter" G "; one of them is the granddaughter with a laptop.
Very closely and little than differs from the usual domestic interior: only the ceilings are beautiful, "historical."
But with a ceiling regularly flows: plumbing system isn't good.
Lyudmila says about his apartment conventionally and surprising at the same time, as the Italian, whose house stands in the Roman ruins.
Then there is reduced in one very old and recent, everyday and legendary:
Running water spent about 40 years ago during the last repair.
At the same time, have made us a little kitchen in and toilet from former Pantry.
We live in times where Demidov family, lived on the second floor of the servants.
Our apartment is not privatized, yes, and why?
Real estate in the center of Ufa say privatization does not matter.
Still get only a one-room apartment, can't claim more.
Already four months ago promised us, but promises it will not get very far.
Not used to complain and I will not.
In this apartment (room!) lived for an entire dynasty: my grandparents, mum and dad, I'm with my husband and my daughter with his granddaughter.
Things happened during that time.
For example, are vigorous rats ran through the kitchen.
Look at the walls of the building, they meter-long thickness!!!!!!!!!
Say, the solution was implicated on eggs, however so long rests.
House constructed well, thanks Demydiv!!!!!!!!!
Probably only so long as nobody killed ceiling or.
Only building still slowly dies at us in his eyes: the board and log houses rot, floors have fallen, we repeatedly pouring cement, but all useless - solution goes into the ground, as well.
They say, so and there is under our bathroom the concealed Laz and move to the White River, which specially made once lived here, the Old Believers, to escape the danger, in which case.
Them are harassed.
Lyudmila Boris POSITION said, came to him as a historian, he begged to put down, he started in the apartment of the excavations.
And then urged to give them housing space in exchange for its Avenue in October.
Lyudmila historian denied:
Where we in?
But here at least a tiny hope is that will give housing.
We agree on currency, nothing would have already won.
However, the family of Starostin anything and not won.
The biggest dream of Lyudmila, to their, and 16-year-old daughter with his granddaughter gave a separate room.
Then the two families have not allocated a two-room apartment instead of the most majestic ruins, in which two generations living now.
Pretty, miniature girl Olesya Karsakova From Apartment No. 11 and 12 shows the second floor of the house.
There in two cramped 23 m ², called apartments, the lives of her large family.
Rest of us, seven men and two children.
See for yourself what conditions.
Plaster pieces of, like window frames, the walls in the kitchen and rooms in cross-cutting holes.
Only cold water in Kran all year.
Dash to sing the old home of Ufa, you can be sure that all the more fortunate spouses Lavrentyev From Apartment No. 4.
They occupy the most spacious rooms of the first floor.
You're right, places a lot!
Premises in 75 squares, spelled out three people.
We live just in those rooms, where according to legend stayed Suvorov during his stay in Ufa, "says head of the family of Alexander Dmitrievich Lavrentyev.
The ceilings are high, spacious.
One bad - all around is sputtering, collapses and crumbles.
Neighbors, I have been told!
Most of the suffering we have with the sexes: wooden planks, Earth literally went out of the legs.
I put the stand, wedges; in the hall still nothing, while in another room Walk, as in seesaws, so all was not cemented.
The House Merchant Yevdokima Museum-Preserve of history Alexander Dmitrievich can tell better than any guide.
To refers as to native, speaks of it with admiration.
Indeed, the personality was fantastic: owner Kaginskogo and Uzyanskogo plants built houses, cannons and bells, kept the Urals mines.
The heirs of the estate ancestor are proud of, but to live under one roof with the story no longer want.
I lived here as a child, in the 1940s, of the 20th century, "says Alexander Dmitrievich.
Then stood around wooden rooms for Kyiv, subsequently stables entirely and sentry boxes.
In 1968, wanted to remove, and our home, but something prevented...
The same story was repeated in 2014: again new housing.
We, as a team, have collected all documents, necessary resort, and suddenly learned that moving into apartments is transferred in 2015 or 2016.
Something already doesn't believe in all of this...
Two years ago Lavrentyev went to the Ministry of Culture of the Republic of Bashkortostan, to learn the fate of their homes.
Officials (not accepted.
Sent from one table to another, and then, as if in mockery, issued without the signature piece of paper and print, "the Ministry of Culture does not argue against the resettlement of residents."
I even kind of had the feeling that our house has long been present in terms of the city, because he was the first under the number 57, then became 57 and, now 57 / 1.
As though it was demolished in the 1970s.
"a planet" turned to head the information analytical work on land resources management of Ufa Vladimir Barabash.
House on the street of the October Revolution 57 / 1 is included in the program of settling old housing.
I can't answer for the actions of officials of the 70s, only know that at that time there was a plan for the demolition of old homes, despite the historical significance.
Fortunately, that has not happened, and the decision of the government is to restore all of the old house on the street of the October Revolution, representing architectural value, is successfully implemented.
Residents in the nearest future it is planned to on new apartments.
According to Barabash, restore House Museum-Preserve of history will be Italian experts who participated in the restoration of buildings in Venice.
Now runs an architectural Biennale in Italy, and the project "The old Ufa" is there among others.
I hope that, by 2016, all former Old Kazan Street will be rebuilt, "said the official.
Homes will get a proper view, a fact which was earlier, three centuries ago.
House Museum-Preserve of history, most likely, will become a museum, open to all comers.
In addition, the government decided to make the street level into a weekend pedestrian.
In everyday life, unfortunately, does not work, is too big a workload of roads in the city.
People from the future museum of Vladimir Svetlana Barabash promises in 2015.
However, it is unlikely that they will be satisfied with their new apartments will be the same size as current.
Only from another era.
In Primorye due to thunderstorms started a wildfire
Dry Storm became the cause of a forest fire on the hunting district forestry in Conflagration district of Primorsky Territory.
At the site of the fire is the grouping of forces and means.
For information governance KGSBU "seaside air base" with its on-site fire conditions require the involvement of Aviation Forces.
Vasily Medvedev, deputy chief of Air Base:
The fire, which occurred in an inaccessible area, discovered летчик-наблюдатель from aboard a patrol aircraft An-2 Square on 3 hectares.
Burn wood residues on the old.
Strong territory and the steepness of a slope of more than 45 degrees, the lack of suitable for landing десантников-пожарных areas create considerable complexity in putting out.
The Mi-8 helicopter is needed.
Delivery of power available at the disposal of the air base by helicopter Mi-2 and plane AN-2 is very difficult.
After the discovery of fire at the scene extinguishing were promptly planted 4 парашютиста-пожарных.
The main task of the experts is to extinguish the fire and to prepare a platform for the delivery of additional forces and resources of firefighting.
In the lunch area in the district of the village of hunting by helicopter additionally delivered 3 десантника-пожарных.
As the only playground for landing a helicopter in the area of the fire would be ready, experts will be deployed to the scene of the fight, according to the website of the administration of Primorsky Territory.
Lenny Henry: my father never hugged me.
Never say: "I Love You"
Henry was one of seven children born to a family of immigrants from Jamaica in Dudley in Midlands in 1958.
His father, who died when Henry was 19, worked in a factory, and their relations have been limited.
Henry preparing comedy, "Rare Records Rudi", which is partly based on imaginary conversations with his father and grew out of a series of programmes on Radio 4.
The soundtrack is a mix of reggae and rap, and melodies -.
However, Henry had to make their way through some difficult memories of childhood.
After the death of his mother was "a lot" of treatment, in addition, Henry often mused about the relationship with his father.
It was very inaccessible.
You've never seen his face, you only hear his voice: "don't make any noise at all.
From sisters.
!!!!!!!!!
I want to watch the cricket.
My older brothers Seymour and Hilton, who were older, when I was a child, walked with him in the pub and talked about things such as the shape of the beer glass, the beauty of the strike in cricket.
I had never talked with him as well.
He was so guy in the corner, who was reading a newspaper is a big part of my life.
Recently Henry opened casting workshop in Dudley and, though conditions are better than in the days of his father, he was able to look at what must have been his life.
Now there's a little better, but this is a dark, deep labyrinths' Hell with flashes of fire and smoke and a pile of soot.
My father in the bathtub and just lay there, and you could hear, as he slowly begins to sing about themselves, because he wanted from foundry workshop.
When I came back, I realized that he was doing this for years and years, to earn us the food, and I began to appreciate him more.
Nevertheless, Henry came out of a childhood deprived of parental love.
My father never hugged, never said, "I love you."
Only when my mother became ill at the end of her life, we started to talk: "I love you, I love you, I love you.
The birth of her own daughter, Billie, from Don French, enabled him to share the love with which he lacked in childhood.
You can stop this "I love you"?
Just don't hug me!!!!!!!!!
Dad, I'm 22!!!!!!!!!
With Don French.
Why would I not be friends with her?
She's a great mom
They are still great friends with the French, to whom he was married for 25 years.
Don is a good man.
Why would I not be friends with Don?
She's a great mom.
The mother of Henry was diabetes.
He was the one that killed her.
So, when I'm very, very corrected himself and I had symptoms of diabetes, my doctor said, "You must take radical measures.
Then I started serious training, and I also had to go on a strict diet, to get rid of the symptoms.
It's very difficult.
And it's boring.
Nobody eats carrots.
Change of career trajectories of Henry reflected, perhaps, in his noble, briefly Borod.
Since then, as he received the acclaim of critics for his Othello, he completely immersed in theatre.
"Comedy of Errors" followed and then "Fences" Augusta Georgia Wilson.
This work is different from the sitcoms and comedies that were an integral attribute of his rich professional life.
He started his career, when he was 16 and worked in a factory.
DJ noticed, as he is a parody on the stage, and wrote about it in "New Faces."
His career in television began in the mid Seventies: "for quite a while I was the only black / comic on television."
He was learning on the job.
I not only had to grow in the eyes of the public, I had to learn to be an effective vehicle for delivering jokes between 1975 and 1985, being the star, working on TV, and it was very difficult.
Lenny in "New Faces" in 1975
As his manager had the rights to "The Black and White Minstrels show," a light entertainment program, in which people "Henry found himself face", what is in it for five years.
My family is very not liked.
I, like, want to do that never was with me, but I don't regret that I did it.
Although it was a strange, worthy of condemnation position, I worked in large venues and was learning to work with a crowd.
But then, that was "received awards light entertainment classics for British television, was years and years" and "grotesque parody of black people."
Presenting characters who made fun of black culture in the UK, and chanted her, Henry worked in the alternative project in the 1980s.
The first season of "The Lenny Henry Show" was broadcast in 1984, and in the 1990s he was known as, among other things, the chef Geret Bleklok of comedy series "Boss!."
Commercials, documentaries, TV shows and roles in movies took the next ten years of his life, but after his show on BBC in 2008 "lennyhenry.tv", he thought: "what are you going to do next, Len, because a little looks that you time or quietly aside."
Next was a series of documentary broadcasts on Radio 4 called "As Good as...?"
The first was about Shakespeare.
I had a real allergy to Shakespeare.
You can't say to me adequately taught this in high school, and I thought that this is, in many ways, the prerogative of white people of the middle class with his nylons and cabbage at the bottom of the front.
So I really was afraid of him.
Everything, from whom we took an interview for broadcast, Peter Hall, Trevor Nunn, Adrian Lester, Judy Dench, said: "you have to try.
Not Ruga it, as long as you don't know what to say.
Aloud some of these words, and you will understand why we are all so love Shakespeare.
Henry read 20 rows from the last monologue Othello for the documentary, and transfer its.
I have the feeling that I can do it.
It's like my head.
"that's what it is, it's a serious thing, treat it seriously, learn their text, make a small study.
So, the process of rehearsals was tough, and I read this play for months and months before we put it.
And it was a success.
It seemed, they were waiting for catastrophe, and it didn't happen.
Soon we began a "Comedy of Errors."
Suddenly I was in the National Theatre, and I just could not believe it until the end.
There was one moment when I thought: "Oh, you have changed." "
There was a technical problem, and Henry instinctively felt that his job - to entertain the audience.
"a voice inside me said," you have to work 10 minutes, until they are repaired "computer."
Instead, assistant director, announced that the show will resume as soon as the problem will be solved.
I walked away from the scene, and something in me said, 'Oh, thank God. "
It's not my duty.
I can let someone else deal with it.
"you play by play, stay in that role."
Henry in "Fence" in theatre Dachess
Learn the text for "Fences" was difficult.
Panic is quite useful, it strengthens the muscle.
It, too, was good, so it was like a sign from above, showing: "here's what you have to do '."
He says this is, of course, Gromov voice.
So I this.
I really love it.
I love being in the hall.
By the way, if Henry is still thinking comedian - all the way our conversation flashes of his humor, when he then starts, it finishes.
I just decided not to work in Stand-up comedy, because this thing with the instant gratification of a room full of strangers, I think, quite dangerous.
If you want to do it all the time, this can lead to a dead end.
I sometimes work in "Live At The Apollo," when I want, but, in general, I do not get such a pleasure, as before.
I ask whether he would give tour Stand-up comedy ever again.
The joy of sitting in a room with the director, who helps to shape the beginning, the middle and the end of the way - I don't think I ever want to withdraw from it.
Then there is his new incarnation?
I think so.
I like to be an actor.
It's good fun.
You always are talking some kind of story, and here is a great place for this.
I love history.
People love stories.
Kenya Registers public officials, to identify "работников-невидимок"
Kenya this SDK is beginning to add biometric registration of all government employees in an attempt to remove the "работников-невидимок" from the government payroll.
Employees who did not register in the next two weeks, will no longer pay, according to a government statement.
The government suspects that thousands of people continue to receive salaries after leaving the civil service.
President Ukhuru Kenyatta promised to reduce corruption in the government agencies after they came to power in 2013.
Audit earlier this year found that at least $1 million (£700,000) a month vanishes at the expense payments "работникам-невидимкам" and other financial irregularities.
The government suspects that wages continue to come on bank accounts, even after a person dies or leaves public service, reports the BBC reporter Vanyama Chebusiri from the capital, Nairobi.
All government employees should come within the next two weeks in the identification centres, to ensure that their data will be collected through biometric registration procedure, according to a government statement.
Anyone who doesn't do this without a valid reason, will be removed from the payroll, according to him.
"this procedure is a significantly greater streamlining of public service, identifying the actual number of public servants, and will also be used to purify the billing statement on both levels of government - hence, работников-невидимок" puts an end to the problem, "said Ann Vayguru, cabinet secretary of planning and structuring of power.
Dozens of Turkish police officers arrested in connection with the "plot" against the government
A total of 33 police officers were detained in Turkey on suspicion of "conspiring against the government," local news agencies reported.
The police did not immediately respond to this information.
Among the detained were 14 high-ranking officers, according to Khyurriet Daily News.
Some of them last December have participated in events to identify corruption, which was aimed at checking government employees, including four government ministers.
In July, several Turkish policemen were arrested on suspicion of setting up an organized criminal groups and listening to the phone.
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan (who at the time was prime minister) determined their actions as part of the measures taken against him and the others, those in power, the Islamic clergy Fetkhullakhom Gyulenom.
Not all the children have returned to school in Ukraine
Schools in the greater part of Ukraine again opened their doors on Monday (September 1) after the summer holidays.
This Day traditionally is a big event for families, and, like thousands of other Ukrainian parents, Prime Minister Arseny Yatseniuk took his daughter to school.
There he said the travelers expecting journalists that not all schools were opened again, but that he will do everything possible to protect the country for future generations:
The first of September, the ceremony was held not in every school.
There is a peaceful sky over every part of Ukraine.
We should fight for a peaceful sky.
All of Ukraine, a huge single Ukrainian People's Front, should fight for a peaceful sky.
Aleks shepherds, director of schools in FC Slavyansk Slavyansk-na-Kubani, in which went daughter Yatseniuk, said in Russian.
We hope that peace will be finally established here and that children will receive the knowledge that will be useful in their future life.
The first day of school traditionally celebrate the fact that children wear embroidered shirts, kept in the hands of air balls and give flowers to their teachers.
In the face of Rona river Feyrkhed BBC may have found such an impressive leader, which she needs
Behind it is a loop of fame from the world of banking, media management and domestic circles of the Tory party.
In fact, she has personal experience of working in managerial positions.
Her career started in the global management consulting firm Bain and Co, and then continued in Morgan Stanley, Bombadier, ICI and the world's media in the Pearsons.
She was head of the Financial Times for seven years, gone into retirement, when a high post in the parent company Pearson 'S took коллега-мужчина, held a lower position.
Say that her earnings approaching £1 million.
Its political rating also durable.
It recommended that David Cameron, Lord Browne, former head of BP, when he tried to bring professionals from the private sector in Whitehall: she became an adviser to the Cabinet of Ministers.
Her husband, a former adviser to the Tories.
Earlier in May, I called the job of chairman of the poisoned bowl.
BBC - it's not only a huge and complex organization at the heart of public life, but in its structure there is an inner paradox.
The council has two purposes: inside as the upper level management hierarchy, but the BBC and outside as the voice of public concern and unrest, when something goes wrong.
It's almost unreachable duopoly, which is full of radical reform.
But what the new chairman would take the risk to come, and destroying the institution is as complicated as the Chinese dynasty, if he himself will deprive themselves of the work in this process.
It is a difficult decision.
Would it not so difficult that many people will be glad to see the BBC reduced in size, "after a review of its powers, Finance and status.
As the narrow circle of competitors and new technologies are challenging a comfortable old habits, the inevitable negotiations about the cost of the licenses represent a special danger for the BBC.
For the modest sum of £145,50 per year Britons acquire a stake in, definitely, the greatest media company in the world.
BBC tells a good story: she says that the results of its work cover 96 percent of households and cost each of them just 40p a day.
Moreover, it is clear that the popularity of the Beeb is rising: 53 percent support it today against 31 per cent 10 years ago.
Model of viewing and use of the BBC have changed: now I get news headlines on the mobile phone and watch missed programmes on iPlayer.
But she remains very popular and formidable institution.
He needs an impressive chairman - I hope, it has found it.
Perry of Texas says that humiliating was written by someone with
With confirmed account Texas Republican Governor Rick Perry on Sunday night contained offensive image district prosecutor from the Democrats, which is at the center of a criminal prosecution on charges of abuse of power.
Later was removed, and it was followed by another account with Perry, in which this recording was.
Just with my account was published, which was written by outsiders.
"I don't approve this, and I took it," according to a later entry.
Assistants Perry did not immediately respond to messages requesting comment.
Although the records were loaded with account confirmed Perry, it was unclear who was actually in charge of the publication in the tape.
Earlier contained caricature of a prosecutor in Travis County Rozmeri Lemberg, who was convicted for driving in a state of intoxication in April 2013.
Perry imposed a ban on funding for her office when she refused to resign, leading to hearing grand jury in Austin this month against Perry, who is a potential candidate in the presidential election in 2016.
Signature in says: "I don't always drive the car in a state of intoxication, in 3 times exceed the permissible level of alcohol in the blood,... But when I do, I claim the charges against Governor Perry for what he tells me about it."
I'm the drunk Democrat in Texas.
Office Lemberg not led an investigation involving the grand jury against Perry.
Them was Michael MakKrum, a special prosecutor from San Antonio, who was appointed судьей-республиканцем.
Perry pleaded not guilty and called the prosecution a political ploy.
His powerful legal team asked the judge leading the case, to dismiss the indictment, arguing that the law, which is used for prosecution, acting governor their jobs longer than anyone in the history of Texas, indistinct and undefined; that would be contrary to the constitution.
Perry stopped funding the $7.5 million from funds of the state department of public control of the state, which is based in the district of Travis and engaged in the pursuit of corruption in the public sector of Texas, when Lemberg refused to resign.
Veto sparked a formal complaint from the public control group, with left-wing views.
The tape confirmed account Perry often updated - and sometimes becomes famous.
Having come to the fifth party congress in Iowa during his presidential campaign in 2012, Perry responded to rumors that he might withdraw from the Games, by issuing clan beside Lake with a photograph of yourself, and the words: "that's we, South Carolina!"
Berkeley reports that the real estate market has returned to "normal"
One of the most prominent developers of London warned that the property market in the south-east of England "returned" to normal level of activity.
Homes in the capital were the subject of lively demand and rapidly rising prices, while widely spread fears that the credit bubble would push the Bank of England to set the limits for mortgage loans in June.
Tony Pidzhli, founder and chairman of the luxury building company, Berkeley, on Monday said: "since the beginning of the current financial year, the market has returned to a normal level of transactions with the peak of 2013," adding that it provided "a stable working environment."
London's property market have succeeded during the downturn, as foreign buyers gathered in the capital.
Prices in the city jumped by 18.5 percent in the last year alone, according to a land cadastre, significantly outpacing average 6.7 per cent across England and Wales as a whole.
The average market prices for private, affordable and student schemes Berkeley has grown by about one fifth in the past year, reaching £423000 in late April.
However, the strengthening of the pound in recent months has made London property less attractive to foreign buyers, some of whom stopped also the imposition of new taxes on properties and the political rhetoric around potential "mansions tax" before the general election next May.
London real estate agency Foxtons last week warned that April reform of the mortgage market, which were introduced more stringent conditions for granting the loan, also would entail a reduction of market growth in both property sales transactions and prices during the second half of the year.
Fresh data from the Bank of England on Monday showed a fall in the number of approved mortgages in June, suggesting further cooling in the housing market.
Hamptons International, another real estate agency, cut its forecast of growth of prices for London properties for 2015 to 3 percent on the basis of that commitment real estate prices already began to wane.
The volume of transactions, meanwhile, fell by a quarter in comparison with the previous year, in the most expensive areas of London, such as Chelsea presents sophisticated 5-star, Mayfair and Kensington, according to agency WA Ellis.
Nevertheless, demand for homes in the capital turned out to be very profitable for Berkeley, propelling sales volumes on the amount above £2.2 billion.
Mr. Pidzhli added: "demand for the right product with a good design and the best location has remained the same and, reflecting this, sales for the period have been preserved."
In June, the company reported that it sold 3742 new homes in the year to the end of April - almost a third more than in the pre-crisis peak of 2007.
Annual profit before tax rose by 40 percent compared with the previous year to £380 million, income - by 18 per cent to £1.6 billion.
Speaking on Monday before the company's annual meeting, Mr. Pidzhli reported that alleged Berkeley profits for this year will be in line with current market expectations.
According to the unanimous opinion of analysts who expected profits for the year before tax to £450 million.
The price of shares in Berkeley kept at £23,96 during the second half of the day on the London Stock Exchange.
Nude pictures of Jennifer Lawrence were published on the Internet hacker
Jennifer Lawrence arrives at 85-ую ceremony of the annual prize of the American Academy.
Nude photos of actress Jennifer Lawrence, received the award "Oscar," were uploaded to the Internet by a hacker, who said he has a "catalogue" of photographs of another 100 rising stars.
A spokesman for the star of "The Hunger Games" Lawrence confirmed that the photos are real, and denounced the "brazen hacker invasion of personal space."
Filed the appeal in the law enforcement organs, and they will pursue anyone who will publish the stolen photos of Jennifer Lawrence.
The photos, which were originally built on the photo sharing website 4chan, presumably, were obtained thanks to a lack of system онлайн-хранения Apple iCloud, and alleged a "catalogue" of hacking victims includes the names of the dozen женщин-знаменитостей, including Rihanna, Kim Kardashian, Mary Elizabeth Winsted and Mary-Kate Olsen, according to BuzzFeed.
It is unclear how many of these photographs are authentic, although star Scott carried against all "Winsted in Twitter also condemned the hacking.
"anybody who looks at the photographs that we made with her husband a few years ago, retreating to home base," I hope you're proud of yourself, "wrote Winsted on Twitter.
However, Victoria Justice of serials Nickolodeon "iCarly" and "виктория-победительница" denied that the photos of it, writing on Twitter: "these so-called picture exposed me palpably, People.
Let's eradicate it in the bud. I * pun intentional *.
BuzzFeed reported last Sunday that the representative of the pop star Ariane Grande refuted that photo, on which, presumably, she's genuine.
An exclusive excerpt from the new novel by Howard program about love and the letter "J," triggered the praise critics
They, better to say so, they gradually, like a cardboard box that was left in the rain.
Only sometimes the woman spoke to him, that he's too serious, hard to communicate, hard, indoor and, maybe, a little bit.
And then she his hand.
He saw in his irritability.
He was as, yes.
The latest victim of this was little novel, from which he waited longer than usual, getting rid of lonely and dull lives and, perhaps, even some satisfaction.
Solomonz was pulsating with fragile but beautiful hair and heart of North Island village, even more remote and rugged than Port Royben.
She came to the south with older than themselves, which Kevern believed her aunt, while the latter has received in the inheritance of a house in crude, but akin to Paradise Valley under the joyful called "heavenly valley."
No one lived in the house for several years.
Pipes, poured, the baths were sitting motionless spiders, left their traces on all windows, confident that the house belongs to them; garden weeds, like giant Kochan cabbage.
It was like a cottage from children's books, is both terrifying and seductive, with a garden full of secrets.
Opinion of the author: Howard Jacobson, whose novel "J" is included in лонг-лист Bukerovskoy Award in 2014.
The shortlist will be announced on next week
And Eylinn sat, holding hands, in broken the among the high grass, enjoying unexpectedly warm spring afternoon; they both idly tapped into cheap console, which manufactured the country offer music and be more restful news when, glancing at her crossed brown legs, he remembered an old song long ago forgotten black performer, which he loved to listen to his father, drooping curtains in the house.
You've got big feet too.
Because of their inherent aggressiveness, this type of song on the console is no longer were losing.
They were not banned - nothing actually was not forbidden - just them, no longer were losing.
Helped them become archaic, like the word "archaic."
Public taste did what would never have been able to achieve by orders and regulations, and as among the books people chose memoirs Rich, grew up in poverty, cooking the books and love the novels, of all the music they chose ballads.
By this afternoon, the Ideation Kevern began playing piano and rough so funny voice singing great legs Eylinn.
Not realized.
"this was a popular song, jazz pianist, whom called Fets Waller," he told her, mechanically placing two fingers to his lips.
So always did his father to stop the letter "J" before it fall from his lips.
It started with the game, in which they played when he was younger.
His father played into it with his father, as he told him.
Start with "J" word, forgetting to put two fingers to his mouth, "and this will cost you a penny.
It was not a very fun game back then, and it was not very fun right now.
He knew, what do they expect from him, that's all.
He had to explain what a jazz.
Have never heard it.
Jazz also is not playing, although he was not explicitly banned.
Improvisation went out of fashion.
"if there was only one place in life."
When the song began, people wanted to know exactly where it is going to end.
To wit, in the same way.
His unpredictability was people on the nerves.
And jazz was wit, expressed through music.
Though he has reached the age of 10 years, never about Sammy Davis Younger, Kevern knew about jazz from paternal partially secret CDs.
But at least he didn't have to speak Eylinn that Fets Waller was black.
Given its age, it is unlikely that she remembered a time when popular singers were not black.
Again, no laws or pressure.
The society was docile, and this meant that each of his segment agreed with gratitude - gratitude those spared the fate that - with the principle of group predisposition.
People афро-карибского origin by temperament and physical characteristics are suitable for areas of entertainment and sport - and they sang and ran.
Came with Hindustan, as if from Nature talented in everything related to electronics, have undertaken for the fact that no family was left without a working electronic phone.
What's left of the Polish diaspora, was works; what is left from the Greek, beater plates.
Coming from the Persian Gulf and the Levant, whose grandfathers were not promptly leave the country, when what happened, if it happened at all happened, in fear that they blamed for fueling the flames, in fear, in fact, that the flames would engulf them following, have opened restaurants with and Hookah, not people lining and yearned from leisure.
Each according to his abilities.
Because she'd heard only ballads, Eylinn was difficult to understand, as obscene words, which only what her Kevern, generally could be set to music.
Music is an expression of love.
"they are not really offensive," said Kevern.
Except that, maybe, for people who have large feet.
My father had never offended anyone, but he adored this song.
He said too many, but the Garden gave him the illusion of security.
No word could not penetrate through the soundproofing of giant leaves, similar to Brassicaceae.
Still not understood.
As your father could love such a thing?
He wanted to say that this is a joke, but he does not like when her again two fingers to his lips.
She already thought it strange.
"it seemed funny," he said instead.
She incredulously shook her head, closed Kevernu overview.
In the whole world there was nothing except иссиня-черных her hair.
Anything, on what he wanted to watch.
"well, if you say so," she said, left when his opinion.
But that still doesn't explain why you're me her.
It seemed, she's really upset.
I have very big legs?
He looked at them again.
You can't say no.
The ankle, maybe a little bit...
And you say you hate me, because my ankles are too thick?
I hate you?
Of course, I don't hate you.
It's just this stupid song.
He could say: "I Love You," but it was too early for that.
"I like you, precisely because you have thick ankles," he tried to say instead.
I have such a perversion.
It was wrong.
He wanted it to be funny.
Attempts joke often led him into situation, because, like his father, he was missing the soothing charm, which could mitigate the cruelty, in.
It may be that his father wanted to be cruel.
Can be, and he, Kevern, wanted.
Despite the good eye.
Solomonz she blushed and got up with sun loungers, console and the wine that they drank.
Wine from the elder, so intoxication could serve him no excuse.
In his emotion, it seemed, as with palm leaves in Uragan.
"but I like you because you're head," she said.
Although not.
He was sorry her and because of excessive harshness of his words, and because of fear, which has appeared in her eyes, when she gave him the Repulse.
Whether she thought that he hit her?
She has not talked to him about life in the cold northern archipelago, where she grew up, but he had no doubt that, in general terms, it was like a.
The same huge icy ocean struck them both.
Those same confused men, even more sensitive and capricious after what happened, if it happened at all, than their ancestors, smugglers and Demolition Man, wandering from pub to pub in fury, ready to raise a hand on any woman, them or refuse them.
Head?
They would have shown her blunt fist, if she wasn't careful!!!!!!!!!
First would be - kiss now became the usual expression of erotic stimulation between a man and a woman; an antidote from fresh ballads, which yielded the console - the first kiss her, and then hit.
An excessive clarification, according to Keverna, because the kiss itself already was hooliganism.
Solomonz Hull revealed that he needs to leave.
He rose from the sun loungers, as an old man.
She herself felt weight, but the weight of his grief surprised her.
This was not the end of the world.
They barely knew each other.
She looked, as he goes, and from the top of the window looked, as he leaves, her companion - the man himself themselves to the rigors of the.........
Adam, outgoing garden, she thought.
She felt a stab of compassion for him, and men in general, even though some of them and raised her hand.
Man slain, with back from it, the ability to fight has left him - why she felt she knew so well, if she could not recall a single case, to this day, when she would have seen this?
Again one Eylinn Solomonz looked at their feet.
For twenty years before the events described above or around the Esme Nussbaum, smart and energetic 32-летняя, which worked in "Ofnau" informal monitoring service for the public mood, has prepared a report on maintaining low and middle level of violence in most parts of the country, where it was expected that it would be, if not disappear altogether, given the money and power, which stood out for its eradication.
"much has been done, and a lot is being done," she wrote, "to soften the innate aggressiveness of people who fought in a thousand wars and won most of them, especially among these branches and narrow terrain, where, despite hovering over over the spires of churches, gentle breath of human kindness rarely has been felt in the history.
However, some quality, it turns out,.
The higher the spire, it would seem, the those passions that he.
The population of the sheds tears over sentimental ballads, are presented, they turn the history of obstacles and announces his enthusiastic international faith in the virtue of marriage and family life, however, is not only the oldest rudeness retains its strong grip in rural communities, as well as in urban settlements, but there are data about what is new and vile in homes, in the workplace, on roads and even in playgrounds.
"do you have a habit of writing too much," said her supervisor read the report in its entirety.
It seems to me, you should read shorter novels.
Nussbaum lowered her head.
I must also ask you: you?
"I think that is not obliged to answer," replied Esme Nussbaum.
Are you gay?
Again insisted on his right to privacy and silence.
Feminist?
Again, silence.
"I ask you, finally," said Luther Rabinovits, "not because I am against atheism, or feminism.
Here we do not have prejudices.
We are the servants of society without prejudice.
But some species Hypersensitivity, absolutely acceptable and commendable in themselves, can sometimes distort the results, as, for example, those that you have shown me.
It is obvious that you yourself against the church, and what you call "vicious" and "brutal," the other would be interpreted as an expression of natural healthy and vitality.
Continue about what happened, if it happened at all, as if it happened yesterday, if it happened at all, would deprive the country of a necessary her life force.
Nussbaum looked round the sides, until Rabinovits said.
Over his head, like pink flamingos, led letters repeated advice that "Ofnau" gave the country the last a quarter century or more.
Its neighbor, the value of his wife, listen ballads, go to musicals, talk on the phone, listen, communicate,.
Conversation is better than silence, word of the song better than the written word, but there's nothing better than love.
"I fully understand that you want to say," quietly answered Esme Nussbaum when satisfied that her supervisor had finished speaking, "and I don't want to say anything, except that we not so effectively, how do we convince ourselves.
I am concerned that if we are not ready, we will find that we repeat the mistakes, which initially led to what happened, if it happened at all.
Only this time we your anger and distrust is not on the other.
Luther Rabinovits spanned the tips of his fingers.
That gesture was supposed to mean endless patience.
"you go too far," he said, "called" bugs "actions, which have committed or not committed our grandfathers.
You go too far and when talking about the fact that they threw their "anger" and "frustration" at the "Other."
In your place, people should not need always to remind about the fact that, in the past, that is, in the present, we are not talking about "us" and "them."
There is no "us" and no "other."
It was a time of turmoil - and that's all that we know.
"beyond that, to be honest with ourselves," dared to insert Esme, "No part of society may well justify themselves.
I did not accuse anybody.
Whether it was bad or good, what is done is done.
Then it was back then.
Nothing more to say - and here we agree.
And how not to blame anybody, we don't need and making excuses, if it was appropriate, or if it was something to fix.
But why should past, if not in order to learn is
Past to we have forgotten him.
If I can add to that one word -
Pyramid Luther Rabinovitsa has collapsed.
"I'll cover your report," he said, sending her.
The next day, on the way to work, it shot down, who left on the sidewalk, as described passersby, "in a vicious rage."
Coincidences do happen.
Lesotho army claims that the coup was planned; the prime minister remains in South Africa
Representatives of the Lesotho army denied the fact of preparing a coup to overthrow the government, saying that they acted against the police, which is suspected of trying to arm of political fanatics.
Prime minister Thomas Tabán left the country, saying that the country's army surrounded his official residence and seized government buildings in the capital of Maseru.
The prime minister took his family to neighboring South Africa, saying he had received threats of assassination attempt on his life.
Army spokesman Maj. Ntlele Ntoi said that was not, in fact, a coup d'etat, but the army responded to a threat from "political fanatics" the police were attempting to arm.
"what happened this morning is that command of armed forces of Lesotho has adopted measures, having received several intelligence reports that among the police forces there are some elements, who are indeed planning to equip some political, young fanatics of political parties who were prepared to arrange a chaos," he told Voice of America.
A spokesman for the South African government Kleyson Monela stated that the actions of the Army seemed like a coup.
"although no one has claims on the seizure of power by force, by all reports, the Lesotho armed forces at the moment are major signs of a coup," he said.
Representatives of the Lesotho army reported that soldiers had returned to barracks on Sunday and that in the capital of calm.
Meanwhile, Deputy Prime Minister Motetzhoa Metsing runs the government in the absence of Tabán.
Tabán said he believes that is being attacked in connection with an attempt to fight corruption in the country.
Situation in Lesotho is rather tense since June, when Tabán suspended parliamentary sessions as a result of disagreement in their joint government.
He said that his actions had not undermined the government, despite accusations to the contrary.
Chelsea midfielder Marco van Ginkel will spend the coming season on loan at Milan, "said Milan Channel.
21-year-old Dutchman will arrive in Italy in the coming hours to pass a medical examination.
Last season he was on the field at the London club only three times.
Let's remind that earlier the "Milan" rented from the Liverpool striker Fernando Torres when.
Production in the eurozone on the lowest figure in 13 months
Manufacturing growth in the eurozone slowed to the lowest in 13 months in August, according to the study.
The value of the Business Activity Index (PMI) for the eurozone manufacturing sector by Markit fell to 50.7 in August mark, dropping from 51.8 in July.
Reading above 50 indicates growth.
New orders held off, and the Enterprise suffered amid rising tension between the EU and Russia in connection with the Ukraine.
Values came before a meeting of the European Central Bank (ECB) on Thursday.
Markets will await the Bank of a clear plan of how to cope with the halting recovery of the eurozone, as well as the threat of deflation, with inflation averaging just 0.3%.
Have suggested that the head of the ECB, Mario Draghi later this week may give additional signals that he is considering a scheme of quantitative easing in the eurozone, similar to those used in Britain and the US during the financial crisis.
"however, although some growth is better than no growth, quite braking effect of growing economic and geopolitical uncertainties for manufacturers is becoming more evident," said Rob Dobson, senior economist at Markit.
Germany's PMI of the manufacturing sector, the biggest trade partner of Russia in the EU, fell to their lowest point in 11 months of 51.4.
Meanwhile, in France, the bloc's second-largest economy, the PMI fell to 46.9.
France continues to cause real concern, as well as the weakening of Italy from stable growth to stagnation.
Signs that growth momentum faded in the largely industrial engine, Germany, as well as in Spain and the Netherlands, also not adds to confidence, "said Mr Dobson.
Slowdown of the industry, most likely still would add fuel to the fire or бюджетно-налогового analysts expecting the introduction of additional monetary stimulus.
One positive piece of news was from Ireland, where the PMI rose to 57.3, its highest level since the end of 1999.
Howard Archer, chief economist at IHS Global Insight, said: "the best that can be said about the August survey index of business activity in the eurozone's manufacturing sector, is that it shows that the sector is still growing."
He added: "eurozone manufacturers clearly finding life very difficult at the moment, as the current increased geopolitical tension - particularly associated with the Russia / Ukraine - adds uncertainty still challenging conditions in many countries.
This increased tensions, apparently struck by business - and especially by the confidence of consumers, and is likely to lead to the fact that some orders are being delayed or even cancelled, especially large orders.
He said that "more and more, it seems, to the fact" that the ECB, in the end, of course, will have to undertake some form of quantitative easing, "although we suspect that it will be limited."
Residents of Mariupol is offered a live circuit against militias
In Mariupol, until last week, it was all calm, nobody back to organize Mariupol People's Republic, a city on the Sea of Azov had lived and worked.
Now residents await with dread the arrival of the "militias."
According to political analysts, the separatists break Mariupol version, to go to Azov sea - was recently taken City Novoazovsk, which until then had not been part of the self-proclaimed republics.
Decided that the Ukrainian army, though and will defend them, but she has a little against an excellent armed forces representatives днр-лнр, and gathered to help the military.
They dig the trenches, build the checkpoints and fortifications.
In the evening, several thousand residents on Saturday arrived at the eastern border city, and stood there in the live circuit, singing the national anthem of Ukraine.
They are going to do the same in case of attack.
Volunteers collect and blocking equipment and products, and collect medicines, publishing a newspaper.
In a city gradually close shops, stop the work of banks and ATMs.
Ten years of hell for survivors of Beslan: ten years with the horrifying seizure of a school as children who were in it, still suffer
Ten years ago, more than 1,000 people were taken hostage by Chechen rebels at a school in Beslan, in southern Russia
More than 330 people, more than half of them children, were killed during the three-day trials, which shocked the world
We returned to find some of the victims in Beslan, which lied to death during the atrocities in school
Exactly 10 years after the deadly seizure of Beslan school, during which 334 people killed, including 186 children, heroically survived the disaster warned last night of a new apocalypse in Ukraine.
When terrorists, Islamic fanatics, captured and killed children and parents on September 1, 2004, at the start of a new quarter, it seemed something like extreme degree of evil.
The tragedy has brought together East and West in, which amazingly then degenerate into action and hope for the future in terms of the hardest sorrow.
Ten years later, we are back in Beslan in southern Russia, to find some of the victims, who lied to death during the atrocities in school.
We discovered the wonderful young people, who oppose the trouble, although memories of terrorist hell will live with them forever.
Their greatest hope?
That war, which now afflicts Ukraine, in which these same children, how they die, will now cease.
Girl, which pictured trying to climb back in gymnasium
She captured the image of a famous Russian photographer Dmitry Beliakova, when in the same underwear tried to get back in gymnasium after the explosion of mines.
Embarrassed by Aida desperately searched for her mother, Larisa, who is now 40.
There were fears that the two they died, but in reality, they survived.
"the woman told me to run struggling, but I couldn't," said Aida. Then
My legs were covered in blood.
I got up and climbed back inside to find his mother.
Soldiers picked up and took her to a safe place.
After a sequence of operations, she thought that completely recovered, but yesterday said: "three months ago, the pain returned.
I am afraid that I may need another operation.
A few splinters in my left knee.
Her goal now is to become The Dentist, to help people like her have helped doctors.
"this tragedy has changed my life, but it is, of course, not her," she says with a challenge.
"it happened to me, and you can't change this fact.
Once a year I always go to the gym, to remember all those who remained there.
My friends and I tried not to talk about it in other days.
The pain is too strong.
My best friend, who was to become my Dzera Gapoeva was killed there.
We played together when we were young, and dreamed that go to school together.
"I don't want to marry until they finish their studies and are not going to start work.
I'd think about family then.
She says the seizure is still with her, though memories of the fade a little every year.
I am pleased that many people in the world still remember about our predicament, and we are grateful for the assistance we received from people from the UK and from everywhere.
When I see a photo on the Internet, where I in school window, I think many people see it for the first time, learning about our tragedy and make it so that this never happened.
The boy, who fled through a hail of bullets, believing that his mother is dead
It was his first day in school (Russians are beginning their studies at the school in seven years) and endured three days of capture, embracing his mother Tamar.
When he was seven, and he said: "my mum told me to lie down, if there will be an explosion, and hold her hand."
After one of the explosions, he thought, that she is dying.
She told him: "run."
Fearing that she is dead, he ran down the road and saw the crying baby, grabbed the child by the hand and ran through a hail of bullets.
His father, Vladimir, who grabbed the son outside, said: "Damir told me that his mother had died.
He said: "I couldn't save her." "
In fact, Tamara got out to freedom and was in the hospital with wounds to the legs, in turn, thinking that her son was killed.
After their reunion, she said: "I wept from joy.
I could not believe it.
He reached in and hugged me.
Damir later brought in London (now non-existent newspaper News of the world), where it was awarded as a defender of children against Fund Barnardo's Prime Minister Tony Blair and his wife Chéri.
"this horror is returned to you every day, but I wish I could stop remembering him," he said yesterday.
All I can say is that I have the memory of it fades.
I remember immediately afterwards I threw all their weapons.
But now I can play computer games with shooting, and it's not a problem for me.
"I am not afraid to go back in the gym, but I don't think about myself.
I remember those kids with whom I played in the yard, which never escaped.
We never say that they killed or dead.
We say that they stayed in the gym.
I remember my trip to London so well, especially the toy shop, where I was allowed to pick and choose what I want, and the trip in the car with open riding.
But now he fears for places like Ukraine, where war lead to such grief, which he and his friends have experienced.
This horror comes back to you every day, but I wish I could stop remembering his
"I'm so sorry to all of those who suffer from these horrors," said Damir, who over the past week had been doing volunteer work in a women's monastery.
I just want to help.
I want to serve in the police and I hope one day that I included in the training academy the following year.
His mother Tamara, 48 years old, said: "37 children were killed in our quarter, can imagine?
I remember the horrible silence immediately after the capture, would simply not have been children, who screamed and ran around, and this silence continued for many months.
She vividly remembers his trip with Damir in London.
People in London cried when I told our story.
I realized then, as people on the other end of the Earth can understand our feelings, can provide support.
She was grateful to the "Chéri Blair and her foundation for the award and the opportunity to go to London in the autumn of 2004.
I would like to call Chéri and simply the most to her to say that 10 years have passed, but I still remember meeting with her and her husband in London and how they helped Damir and me.
I remember how, when Damir wanted to eat borshch, they called the local Russian restaurants.
I remember how he played with Waiting STAFF IN RESTAURANT, Damir shot at them from a water pistol and they fled and played with him.
And only one month has passed since our nightmare then.
I was shocked that the British were so willing to share our pain and to support us.
She said: "I still think that this world was no better for these 10 years.
Now in Ukraine there is a war, people are dying every day, and I think a lot of children have been killed and would be killed.
It's just the same as our children.
I think, for many people, war is a news report, which they listen to, when they find it boring or when they are busy with something else.
I just know that these people feel the horror of it.
And I can't stop feeling it.
Nothing has changed, people still want to kill each other, and this is so sad.
Damir grew up and became very soft and quiet boy, he was not aggressive and was not angry.
He is not looking for revenge, for example, he did not on this past nightmare.
I know that he does not like to remember it, but they are very close with six classmates, and they go to the gym from time to time and have lit candles there.
When he was younger, he suffered from this - I remember, as he lay on a couch, from us, for hours.
Not slept, his eyes were open.
I also remember how he threw all their weapons and other military toys. Damir. Now 17, he is above me, likeable, smart and healthy.
To me it is hard to believe that a few hours I was so convinced that he died and that I have never see it more.
When I was able to recover from the blast and got up on his feet, I looked round, I saw hell around him, when parts of bodies were lying everywhere.
I was absolutely sure that it is not possible to my little boy could survive in that hell.
"I remember what I shouted to him:" run, "Damir, but again I was so convinced that he was not heard.
But he heard and escaped.
So life goes on for us, unlike so many others.
Georgy Ilyin, 17 years
The boy, whose The Shocking Photo After Capture has become the defining for the tragedy in Beslan
Peace: surviving Beslan Georgy Ilyin, with his mother, Fatima after capture in 2004, and to the right of Georgy today
On his bloody face was coloured by fear when they were fleeing from death, when Chechen terrorists were shot his classmates.
His photograph was one of the most shocking symbol of barbarism in Beslan.
His mother Fatima, 54 years, the chief doctor, enrolled him in school for the first day of studies before you take the senior son Vladimir to the university.
"I went away for two minutes before the terrorists ran into the yard, so my little boy left alone for three days of nightmare," she recalled.
Not just one, there was the family of our relatives, but they were all killed.
Only my George managed to survive.
The closer the date, the harder it is to think and talk about it.
There is not one day when we won't remember this tragedy.
We don't think that this was a long time ago, I think it was yesterday, some of the scenes these days all the time with me in front of the eyes.
No one will ever forget, I promise you.
In soul: photography of George (left) was one of the most shocking images of the attack and was in sculpture (right)
I remember George just wanted to go to school that day, which said that wants to hug a teacher.
I only found out that he was alive, when she saw him on television.
And now even have fans crying George in San Marino.
George doesn't like to look at this picture, and it's hidden in a cupboard in our house.
I understand, but I also believe that, thanks to this photos people from all around the world feel our pain.
George says now: "it is essential that this never happened.
"I doubt that we will ever learn the truth.
People continue to investigate this tragedy and will never learn the truth.
Now they are investigating the collapse at Boeing on Ukraine.
Will we ever learn that what it was called?
This world is going to be something very bad.
"I can't understand how it happens, because if you ask people, nobody wants war, so how is this happening?
Ten years is nothing for this pain.
We need to have the tens of years, slightly to forget her.
It has affected my health, and I still feel it.
How many nightmares I had about three or four years because of the seizure, but now was better.
I returned to school later in 2004, I was very scared each day.
I thought about their friends and Friendster, which were killed.
That's why I continue to walk in the gym before each September 1.
I want to pay tribute to the memory of my old friends from childhood.
For me to be in the gym, but I have to do it.
I don't feel myself a victim of history, this is part of my past now.
I didn't forget about it, but I don't feel sorry for ourselves.
My life continues.
I graduated from high school this year, and enrolled at the Medical University in Vladikavkaz.
I'm going to learn to become.
My first choice was to go into the army.
I wanted to be a military man, but my health is not allowed.
I want to fight for my country, but this did not happen.
George Farniev, 20 years
The boy, who survived, despite what was at the feet of террориста-убийцы
Incredible: Georgy Farniev was at the feet of террориста-убийцы during capture, but still he managed to survive
At the time of the takeover, he was seen in the sports hall sitting next to the bomb at the feet of террориста-убийцы.
Indeed, it is a wonder that he was not murdered.
"to us it seems like it was just yesterday," says George, who wanted to study the intelligence officer in the FSB, but couldn't because of the damage that was caused to his health during the capture.
It's all still with me, this is not something that I left behind.
I am older now, and say that children can easily cope with bad events - I must say that this is not true.
"in 2006 I worked with psychologists, and I felt a little better after that, but I can't forget it.
And I would like to forget.
In 2005 - The next year - was the first and last time, when I went to the gym again.
I lost consciousness.
I would never go there again, and, please, do not ask me to show, where I sat on this famous photos.
: Georgy Farniev today with an open laptop on a photograph of himself in hospital after seizure
My pain is enormous, and I carry it with him every day.
My friends know that I don't like to think about it or talk about it, and they never asked me about school.
With regards to the physical conditions, I'm healthy.
I need to be careful with the knee, which was damaged, but now I go okay.
But still, health has not allowed me to go to study in the Academy of the Federal Security Service in St. Petersburg, as I wanted to.
I sent my documents, including medical records, and they replied that this is impossible.
My second passion was animals, so I went to the Veterinary Institute.
I had studied there for two years.
He learns to treat all animals, from cats to cows. "
He said: "I know that never will talk to their children about their experiences.
It's not about what children should know, and, of course, is not what they need to survive.
His mother Marina, 42 years, said: "the pain never leaves me.
It in my soul, worse when the anniversary is approaching.
I will go and I will attend the ceremonies, which will be held, to celebrate her.
I know that George will not go.
For him, it has to be even stronger, because he was there, but I'm not.
I waited for him at home and couldn't help.
I am so grateful to God that he has returned to me. Here in Beslan imprint lies on each.
He remains with us.
George, now an adult, but the nightmare is still with him.
It's hard to take when something so terribly unfair, happens to you.
He's a boy, he loves the sport, but can't they do because of the knee.
He has had several operations, he can walk, but can't exercise.
I would say that the 50% he overcame this nightmare, but it is impossible to completely overcome and forget it.
This eerie experience will remain with us.
Many friends and neighbors were killed during the capture, and this only reinforces my pain.
I lost a lot of people whom I knew well and who were dear to me.
My son with me, and it is the best gift God could I do, but my heart aches for those who had been killed.
I know the family, where the children were born, but I know and widows who would never have married.
It is hard to accept that life goes on, even if you don't want to.
I will never forget how heart I have out of my chest at that moment, when I saw him in the hospital.
Now I look at what is going on in the world - wars in different regions.
For what these people are fighting?
Why are they killing each other?
The war very close to our country now, and I'm hardly in it is hard to believe.
We were a united country in the past, as it so happened that we are fighting now?
People and children are suffering, I am sure, many children have already been killed in Ukraine, and many will be killed.
If you could capture all the insurgents and throw away - so far, as soon as you can.
Alena Tskaeva, 10 years
The baby, whose touching claimed in a safe place fighter Spetsnaz
Salved: Alyonu Tskaevu is in a safe place, the Russian fighter Spetsnaz (left).
Now her ten (right), and she didn't remember about crime
The world stopped breathing in 2004, when a small Alyonu endured at the hands of the seized school in Beslan, Russian police.
Terrorists released her, but with cruelty left her 30-year mother, decade-long Sister Cristina and brother Machares in the sports hall of the school.
Machares, who was then three years, was saved, but Alyoniny mother and sister were killed in the deadly carnage.
Her father, Ruslan has since married again, and they have with his new wife Svetlana have a young daughter, whom he named Christine in memory of his daughter, which he lost.
Alena, which is now ten, remembers nothing about the capture and flourished in smart and a pleasurable Girl A, neighbors say.
"they're a big happy family now, and Alena and Machares - both wonderful children," says a close friend.
Ruslan is a great father and wants to keep them away from all the memories, when celebrated the tenth anniversary.
You can understand why.
Midfielder Shinji Kagawa, who returned from Manchester United in Dortmund "Borussiyu", noted that he is looking forward to once again be able to get out on the field in the form of German club.
According to him, this service is joyful event in a career.
Of course, I am very pleased that I will be playing again for "Borussiyu," leading Bild words Kagavy.
Feel very good.
Is full of positive emotion and look forward to once again be able to step on the field in the form of "Borussii".
Recall, Kagawa moved in "mu" from "Borussii" in the summer of 2012 for 16 million euros.
However, he failed to gain a foothold in the English club after spending two seasons just 38 matches in the championship of England by scoring 6 goals and 8 assists giving programs.
A man accused of a girl on a transition « Pelican » in Fife
78-летний man appears in court on charges of on 3-year girl on a transition « Pelican » in Fife.
Gordon Stewart allegedly abused the girl on the transition in East Pittenvine Nyuke.
Prosecutors have said that Mr. Stewart was his Audi Q3 without proper care and attention, and abused the girl, as a result of which she got injured.
Stewart, 78 years, from Anstrutera, denied their guilt in Sheriff Court of Dundee.
Sheriff Charles Makneyr, royal lawyer, set a trial date for January.
Obama, Merkel and Hollande do not in Vladivostok
Duty-free shop duty free airport of Vladivostok hung out a sign banning shopping in this store of the world's political leaders.
Not them spirits, vodka and cognac.
The store has decided that US President Barack Obama, German Chancellor Angela Merkel, French President Francois Hollande, Vitali Klitschko, Yulia Tymoshenko, the prime minister of Japan, and some more famous mates can't vodka, cognac and spirits in their store.
And on the door with the sign.
Earlier, Obama received a ban on appearing in even less accessible to him on a sort of service institution, dietary table MSU, about the reported site of establishments catering.
Whether the American president dream ever eat in one dining room in Russia, is not known, but the authors clearly prohibitions seem themselves terribly.
Is there cheese after embargo: Medvedev gave tip
Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev thinks that in the conditions of the embargo Russian should master new technologies, to establish the release demanded by buyers of varieties of cheese.
The advice was given during a visit to the enterprise "Yugptitseprom" places of "Agrocomplex".
The government also gave the restaurateurs too start to work with Russian meat, the quality of which is at an appropriate level.
Year-long embargo on food imports was introduced in Russia since August 7.
Chief coach of the national team of Russia Valentin Maslakov PLEASED WITH RESULTS OF TOURNAMENT DecaNation.
According to the specialist, the third place - a good result given the absence of purposeful preparation to compete.
Our athletes performed at his level, "leads" the whole sport "words Maslakova.
The third place is a confirmation of a high level team.
Pleased that the advantage of the French and even the Americans over us is minimal.
You have to take into account that we are not prepared for this competition.
Season is over, and we don't become our leaders to participate in the match DecaNation.
In recent years, we were second at this tournament, but this season we have a revamped team.
The French, by contrast, have exposed team, comprising 13 champions of Europe.
They do not hide their intention to win this year, what repeatedly publicly declared.
But even as the hosts of the event could not stand up to the Americans.
However, I believe that the Russians have acted in such a representative company at a good level.
But the results in some species were considerably lower than in the same "Diamond League '.
Season is over.
Of course, the athletes are not so important is the result, especially in the competitions of team level.
The main thing here was the place.
And, as a result, agree, when it reached absurdity on 1500 m men so were tactical running that showed the result of below average... The women's run.
4 tips, how to achieve a better quality of underwater photos and video
If you want to take photos or shoot video under water, in front of you a whole range of options for the equipment.
The cheapest option is waterproof "", for example, the Nikon Coolpix AW120, or экшн-камера, for example, the GoPro HERO3 + Silver Edition, both of which are sold for about $300.
I took these pictures on family holiday with the help of several cameras, all for the price of around $350.
No matter what type of equipment you are using, the more rules you need to abide by, in order to achieve the best results.
Their equipment.
Even if you have a waterproof camera, make sure that the battery of cameras and other branches of the tightly closed.
In addition, set up their camera for the type of photos or video, which you will have to shoot.
Some of the photo and video cameras have modes of shooting or type of object, which optimize the exposure for mid tone underwater conditions.
And before you jump in the water at first understand how deeply your equipment can fall.
Some cameras are aimed only at 5 feet, others - 50 or 60 feet.
See our buyer's guide and ratings for digital cameras for the traditional, as well as waterproof models.
Remove a few of the shots - because many of them don't you'll get.
"" Have ZhKD, who will help you link images, whereas the экшн-камер them usually is not present.
Even if you have ZhKD, it will be difficult to see under the water, and arrangement of the frame is a random process.
So do a few frames.
Also, if your camera has the serial shooting mode, which takes several shots with different exposure settings a bit, use them.
Stay near the surface.
The amount of light decreases substantially, the deeper you under water.
If possible, stay at the surface, when you take in the swimming pool, the river or the ocean.
It will also allow you to transfer more colors in photographs; the deeper you color, the less you will see.
Closer to the targets of the shooting.
This is a great tip for shooting on the land, but it is even more important under water because of mid tone light conditions.
Especially important if you take on экшн-камеру: this equipment often comes with a fixed, lens, which means that you will have to get closer to the object of shooting, if you want to fill the frame.
Bronze medallist of Olympic Games 2012 in freestyle wrestling Bilal Max can go in греко-римскую struggle.
This was informed of Dagestan in freestyle wrestling team head coach Sazhid Sazhidov.
Specialist did not rule out the participation of athletes at the world championships in Tashkent in September 2014.
Currently Bilal Max is on the collection of "classics," team leads "р-спорт" words Sazhida Sazhidova.
In general, the Yunior Bilal performed well in both styles.
At the World Youth Championship of 2005 he became the winner of a tournament and third medal winner in competitions греко-римлян and decided to concentrate on the freestyle wrestling.
Has long walked the talk that a new stage of his career, the heavyweight will hold in Greco-Roman wrestling.
I'll say more: Max can act now on the world championships in Tashkent - if wins.
But the final word is always with the coaching staff headed by Gogi Koguashvili.
Andrew Lawson was such a man, whose force of personality could shake all around, even in such a giant organization like the National Health Service.
Anaesthetist, he has devoted his career to deliverance from suffering the disease, as well as patients from flours treatment.
Among those who spoke to him, recalls his wife, was an MI6 officer who had to live with the devastating consequences of torture.
Lawson knew that, until the doctor's passionate about diagnoses and disease, those who undergoes treatment, mainly worried about something completely different - pain.
One day in 2007, however, he was the one who started to suffer.
"I never felt, as usual," he wrote in May last year.
I found it difficult to find in themselves the strength.
Struggling with symptoms similar to the flu, he discovered, impatiently reproaches his wife, Dzhuliet.
"I want everything to happen sooner, rather than later," he noted.
When Dzhuliet went on business for the week, Lawson found it unusual and it is unclear why the upset.
Something was wrong.
He asked a colleague to take X-rays of the chest.
Just two weeks earlier, he went skiing in the French Alps.
Results of the X-rays came.
It was mesothelioma is an incurable cancer, which affects, or the lungs.
For most cancers, it is difficult to ascertain the exact cause.
Although some smokers develop lung cancer, for example, not all patients with lung cancer smoked.
But with differently.
In almost all cases the cause is contact with asbestos, construction material, who once was called a "miracle," but which, as is now known, mortally dangerous.
For most of us - mesothelioma is a disease, for which you do not pay attention.
Asbestos, in the end, is the material from the past.
The most dangerous type of asbestos is not used in the UK since the 1960s, when recommendatory industrial ban came into force.
Even when it was used, only people from specific sectors worked in close contact with him:, builders, carpenters and dock workers, for example.
Industrial toxin from another era, he is hardly seen as a cause for concern today.
But such a peace is mistaken.
United Kingdom, it turns out, is now at the peak of the epidemic.
Here from kills more people than in any other country on the planet.
The annual death rate at about 2500 people, more than twice as many people die from the disease, than as a result of car accidents.
The annual number of deaths from since 1980 and projected the number of deaths in the UK in the future
The reason why we feel its deadly consequences now, lies in the fact that, although the use of asbestos has been illegal for many years (all types of asbestos were eventually banned by law in 1999), on the development of Go usually tens of years.
And attack is not limited to veterans of industrial construction.
Asbestos was, and remains, in many cases laid in homes, offices, where we live, where we work, where we learn to schools, and shops, where we go shopping.
As a result, mesothelioma is not paying attention in class, level of wealth, profession or age.
Bastions, from the fashionable London department stores to private schools, as it turned out, not salvation.
Parliament building is riddled with asbestos.
Even hospitals that are designed to treat us, were containers of deadly a carcinogen.
Andrew Lawson was not old.
He was not.
Strictly speaking, he had to think where he might have come into contact with asbestos.
Then he realized.
"it seems that there could be a lot of asbestos in the tunnels of the hospital guy, where I spent six years training," he wrote.
All are students, nurses, doctors and - used these Tunnel.
I wonder how many of my peers ill with the same disease?
This was a question to which, unfortunately, he was able to give a partial answer.
"of the four doctors who in hospital guy and have subsequently developed mesothelioma is over the last five years," he said in a letter in 2010, "I'm the one left alive."
How many of us ill this disease?
Andrew Lawson was diagnosed "mesothelioma is" when he was 48 years old.
When he died, on 17 February this year, he was 55.
Live so long, unusually.
Fifty percent of patients die through 8 months after diagnosis.
She always lethal.
Thus, now we can only repeat Lawson's question: "how many of us ill this same disease?"
According to a leading expert on type in Britain, Professor Julian Pit, most probably assume that between 1970 and 2050, when epidemic in Britain should themselves, about 90,000 people will die.
Most now do not represent that will die in such a way.
Mine in Quebec, Canada ALAMY
A quick review of reports from the halls of the court, where victims often turn for compensation, shows how far spread attack.
In this June, for example, Marks & Spencer acknowledged that the negligence was Dzhenis Ellen contact with asbestos.
She worked in a network of nine years, from 1978 to 1987, directing the Departments of clothing on two sites, one of which was the store on Oxford Street.
Mrs Ellen was just 18 years old when she started working at M & S.
Now her two children are older than 20 years.
"before this happened," she says, "I never heard of type, I barely knew about Asbest.
Me in the head and could not come, that this will affect me.
Few people really know much about Asbest.
In fact, asbestos is not a single substance, but a group of six minerals.
They received its name from the word "", which means the fibrous structure, which gives them strength and flexibility.
Of these six, three were often used in construction.
Chrysotile, widely known as the white asbestos, much more often than other meets in buildings today.
It has been used in roofing panels, floor tile, thermal insulation, boiler pipe seam, even the brake with cars.
He's less than other forms of asbestos, but still recognized by the European Union and the World Health Organization "a serious source of damage to health," which can lead to death.
More dangerous, however, brown asbestos () and blue asbestos ().
Britain was once the largest importer of brown asbestos in the world, and experts suggest that "there are good, though indirect reasons to believe that this is the main reason for the exceptionally high number of patients with [in the UK]."
The Marks & Spencer was exposed to asbestos in the company's main store on Oxford Street, London - Alamy
Ellen, perhaps, not to think about yourself as about a typical victim, but the work of Julian Pit suggests that her story is far from unusual.
He conducted a study of patients, which suggests that "a substantial percentage of, when there is no known exposure at work or at home, were most likely caused by exposure to asbestos from the environment."
Much of an impact, he says, is due to "normal use and impact of the weather" on our building.
No one, it seems, can't be sure that he's safe.
Report Goddard Consulting, which was seen in Westminster Palace, demonstrates how people, even in the heart of the government, could be exposed to unconsciously.
In 2009, Goddard said that technical mines and pipelines at the premises of parliamentary committees were infected with asbestos, and the lethal fibers that could be set in motion something as innocuous as "strong flow of air."
Members of the parliament often blame in that they are pursuing their own interests, but in this case it seems that the opposite is true.
Though, the maintenance of Parliament insisted that Westminster Palace received a "clean bill of health" certificate, now it's recognized that it is necessary to carry out work on the £1 billion for the reconstruction of the parliament, by upgrading electrics and by removing asbestos, and that after the 2015 general election of members of parliament, possibly, will sit in the QE2 conference centre nearby, but not on the green benches of Westminster.
Report Goddard noted that "the situation with the asbestos was not in accordance with different rules."
It is impossible to know whether this error management cost lives.
All that we can do now is wait.
One of those who tried and failed to establish a contact with the asbestos, is Graham Abbott, a general practice doctor Abbott.
As Andrew Lawson, Abbott, Abbott 50 years, suspects that he was exposed to asbestos when he worked in hospitals.
"I worked at the hospital, which were successfully brought claims associated with asbestos," he says, "but I can't prove that, in my case.
So it's hard to remember all the places where he worked, and the date.
What he remembers clearly, so this day in early December 2009, when it was fascinating that something like the flu.
He was 45, and he was in the middle of surgery late in the evening.
Suddenly I started.
It started very quickly.
I felt terrible.
I thought I can't go all the way up to the house.
Being a doctor, Abbott knew Abbott that pain comes from the pleura, the membrane surrounding the lung.
However, as Dzhenis Ellen, he simply didn't have reason to suspect.
In the end, he could not walk to work a month.
Puzzled by the doctors were doing the X-rays of the chest and put Catheter to pull fluid from the lungs and send her for tests.
Yet his condition without a diagnosis.
Gradually, his health has improved and he returned to work.
But from time to time, those same symptoms returned, often after he had sports and he breathed heavily.
In 2011, one of the patients, Abbott has come to him in the waiting room with similar symptoms, and he was subsequently diagnosed "mesothelioma is."
Even then, however, Abbott did not Abbott linked it with his own case.
In the end, his patient was for dozens of years older and worked directly with asbestos.
The connection in this case was obvious.
In September 2011 the Abbott deteriorated again, and his doctor showed him the results of the CT and X-ray images of a group of experts.
In December 2011, exactly two years after Abbott started to feel bad, Abbott sensor, equipped with a camera was put in his chest cavity between Shell and the shell of his lung.
I'm an optimist.
I usually just go further, "he said.
I'm not too upset about it, to be honest.
But Rachel, my wife, has experienced.
The result of the biopsy came in the week between Christmas and New Year: "they told me that this is mesothelioma is."
Graham Abbott: Abbott diagnosed with mesothelioma is
Suddenly Abbott sank Abbott in meeting with nurses Macmillan, one of which suggested he contact a lawyer.
It was then he realised the scale of the epidemic.
"it turns out that asbestos was widely used, particularly in the large public buildings, where quite often was thermal insulation on pipes," he says.
People who have been exposed to asbestos in these buildings, now become sick with the disease.
Thus, mesothelioma is now affects more young people with atypical jobs.
The most dangerous isolated the asbestos pipes in hospitals were in basements, however unlikely, to affected patients.
But many staff, who passed along the pedestrian tunnels, to get from one building to another (as Andrew Lawson), or ate in the basement canteens (how often did Graham Abbott) almost certainly Abbott really were exposed to toxic substances.
For decades after the war, it turns out, the hospital was a place where, in theory, rescued the life for, but a place that represented a threat to the lives of the doctors who treated them.
It still continues to drop today.
Students set their burners Bunzena ON ASBESTOS stand
And it's not just hospitals.
Asbestos has been used often in offices, shops, libraries and Ţinutul Mării because of its wonderful insulating and fire-resistant characteristics.
School, too.
In fact, many, most likely, for the first time, were exposed to asbestos in the classroom.
Nationwide, on countless lessons of Chemistry, pupils fixed their burners Bunzena ON ASBESTOS stand.
There are websites, attention on the problem of asbestos in schools.
Meanwhile, in our homes, such harmless things, like floor tiles or roofs of the sheds, as a rule, contained asbestos.
"this is an industrial poison, laid down in a great number of our buildings," notes Andrew Morgan, a lawyer who presented the case against the hospital in Andrew Lawson's guy.
In one case, the only contact, about which she could recall the patient, a woman, was the demolition of a garden shed in the 1970s.
So be careful, garden sheds.
The effect of the diagnosis, when it is known that the disease is incurable, is enormous.
"to realize this, it takes quite a lot of time," says Graham Abbott. Abbott
I went back to work and tried to continue, but realized that I couldn't concentrate on what I'm doing.
I spent two weeks in surgery.
Then I realized that I would have to go and deal with them.
Well, I'm no longer a Christmas
One of the most difficult things was the transition from provisions of the physician to the patient.
As countless numbers of patients before him, he remembers, as was distracted with the volume of information that had to be taken.
"everything was hard to understand," he says.
"I asked his doctor" how much time do I have? "
Gave me about 12 months.
I remember, as I thought: "well, I'm no longer the Christmas meeting.
"and that's just the way it is."
Mesothelioma is a particularly dangerous, since it was the mechanics of how we support life, is the act of breathing - causes cancer, which kills.
Most cases caused by contact with asbestos.
Asbestos is composed of tiny fibres.
When asbestos is being destroyed and fiber carcinogenic if inhaled, they can get stuck in, shell of the lung.
Fiber asbestos annoying and can cause mutation of cells.
"the problem arises due to the inhalation of the needle fibers of asbestos," Professor Tom Trezher, surgeon, who came to the hospital in 2001 guy.
The hospital, where, as the suspect, Andrew Lawson, he was exposed to asbestos, now, ironically, the leading centre for treatment.
Knew Lawson's and treated some of the others who have probably been exposed to in hospital.
When asbestos into the fabric of the lungs, "says Trezher breathing them unload on the periphery, where there is a shell.
It is, in essence, an invasive process from the very beginning.
Usual options for treatment of other forms of cancer is much less effective in type.
The effectiveness of surgical intervention, for example, causes hot debate.
Some think it is worth a try.
Disagrees.
"it is impossible to cut", he said.
There is no way around it affordable with a knife.
Meanwhile, the cancer "is not very well to chemotherapy," which "acts," but not.
"from time to time there are patients who live a long time," says Trezher.
But in the end, they all die.
Fortunately, some patients live much, much longer than expected.
Writer Stephen Jay Gould died in 20 years after being diagnosed.
Two and a half years after diagnosis, Graham Abbott continues to fight Abbott.
After he fell ill, Abbott was introduced with Andrew Lawson, who, four years after diagnosis, single-handedly turned into office support and consultation for these same patients.
"Allo, a cancerous Central, its cheerful," he said, when they rang.
"he was very positive," says Abbott. Abbott
He was diagnosed four years ago, and he's still a very energetic.
First Abbott offered six cycles of chemotherapy, which would take four months and would have extended his life for only a month.
"I was in despair," he says.
I wanted to give up.
Lawson, however, "managed to give everything a few more positive overtone."
Meeting with several specialists, Abbott decided to continue treatment with Professor Abbott Loikom ланж-лаздунски, professor of thoracic surgery at the hospital guy.
"we had an advantage in that I had no direction, I just called them, and they took me," admits Graham.
Average patient would get the direction and approval for funding.
Money plays a crucial role for patients with, to get the best out of existing therapies.
But when such treatment, finally, inevitably turn out to be ineffective, many patients are still facing a financial reason for concern "about the future of the families that they will leave.
And then they turn to the courts for compensation.
Andrew Lawson contacted Andrew Morgan, of Field Fisher Waterhouse LLP.
"it was known that asbestos is harmful for health, since 1898," said Morgan.
But that changed in the 1960s, so is the fact that it has become clear that even a very small amount can put health at risk.
It was then spoke about the bad faith of companies.
Andrew Lawson and hospital guy, ultimately, resolve the matter, but it was not a "settlement at full price," according to the Morgan, as Lawson failed to conclusively prove that it was the result of mesothelioma is exposure to asbestos at Guy Hospital.
After the investigation into his death, hospital spokesman Guy still confirmed, however, that the "asbestos in its basement, about which we discussed, was removed in the 1990s."
It was too late for Andrew Lawson's.
How to remove asbestos
In fact, tie a deadly contact with asbestos to one company or place of work - usually through dozens of years after that - turned out to be a big problem for patients with, demanding compensation.
Many of their former employers have changed owner or shut down.
Insurance records could be lost.
And those who know that time is on their side, which is protected from lawsuits from plaintiffs, of course, is No.
In response this year came out serious new legislative acts, which make it easier to patients with process of recovering compensation, even if their former employers cannot be tracked.
In accordance with this law, was created £350-миллионный fund of funds, funded by the insurance industry, for those to whom was diagnosed after July 2012 and who can prove the contact, but who was not with whom Sue.
In such cases, patients will receive 80 percent of the sum, which the court would be able to award in the usual case of compensation - of around £120,000.
About 300 successful claims under this scheme are expected each year.
Andrew Morgan, like many who work with patients with, believes that the £350 million represents a "very good work" for the insurance industry.
"this is the deal, written by insured for insurers," he says, hinting that the sum is a quarter of what the insurers would have to pay, if not intervened the time period and patients with could keep track of the company and file a lawsuit in the usual way.
Even Mike Penning, previously minister of labour and pensions, acknowledged that the law "imperfect."
However, and Penning, and Morgan acknowledged that, though seven people dying every day, rapid action was needed.
"people are suffering so much, and they need help now," said Penning during the second reading of the bill on the type, in December last year.
By the time Graham Abbott was in the hands of the Abbott professor Loika ланж-лаздунски 19 months.
After the initial consultation ланж-лаздунски recommended surgery, which, unlike Tom Trezhera, he considers efficient.
This was followed by radiotherapy and chemotherapy -, in which ланж-лаздунски can boast entire 40 percent of patients surviving for five years.
Abbott felt a surge of strength. Abbott
"this is, of course, one of the most important things," says Abbott. Abbott
You see these patients all the time.
Have some power, which supports you.
When condition can deteriorate very quickly.
Graham Abbott lay Abbott on the operation in March 2012.
By the end of August he finished last of six cycles of chemotherapy.
Subsequent scan showed no trace of the disease.
Then I had a scan in March [2014].
There were several spots [cancer] in my chest.
I just should have been within reach 50.
This is not the threat to life.
This is the end of life.
And again Abbott passed through Abbott six cycles of chemotherapy.
Now there is no trace of tumors.
However, this process, both physically and emotionally heavy.
It is possible to think about practical things - about finances, when I die, for example, or about the fact that we need to show his wife, works as a timer on Boiler.
When you get bad news, you become.
We need to look forward.
As a father to Ellie, 16, and Temzin, 14 years old, it's not always easy.
"it's hard for a parent," he says.
It's hard to figure out what to say and how much to say.
When I was diagnosed for the first time, I told the girls that I have a disease, which means that I won't live till those old age.
They reacted very differently.
Very sociable and energetic.
She spoke to all her friends, and to us very quickly call a lot.
Ellie was more discreet.
She never said much.
Such conversation is something with than have to face all patients with cancer.
But for patients with such discussions do not balance out hope, even features survive.
This disease is with him (even as, in the end, for Stephen Jay Gould) grim certainty.
Says Andrew Morgan, "mesothelioma is not poses a threat to life.
Body pharaohs in asbestos fabric.
Asbestos fibers are used for strengthening the pots and raise.
Pliny the Elder describes the asbestos.
Now invented the canvas, which did not ignite.
I have seen made out of napkins, smoldering in the chimneys at banquets,
Modern commercial use of asbestos Begins in Italy, where it is used for the production of paper (even banknotes) and fabrics.
Big asbestos mines are opening in Canada and South Africa, and soon after that in America, Italy, and Russia.
It's the perfect for steam engines and turbines of the Industrial Revolution.
Global production of asbestos is growing more than up to 30,000 tonnes a year.
Statistics from Prudential reveal premature death rates among those who work with asbestos, and which therefore denied life insurance.
Nelly Kershaw dies in Rochdale.
Dr. Uillyam Cook shows that particles of asbestos in her lungs "were, without doubt, the principal cause of death."
This is the first case of this type.
Employers Kershaw, Turner Bros asbestos, did not admit liability.
Compensation is not paid.
During the Second World War, intensively developing shipbuilding, one of the most deadly hazardous occupations in terms of exposure to asbestos.
Voluntary industry ban on the import of blue asbestos
Appeal court confirms the first successful lawsuit about the harm to health caused by exposure to asbestos, in the UK.
Global production of asbestos grows more than to 4213000 tons per year.
Britain imports the 139,000 tonnes.
Executive committee on the matters of health and industrial safety in the UK requires that all contractors working with asbestos, received a license.
Import and use of blue and brown asbestos is banned by law in Britain.
All use of asbestos is banned in the UK.
Act on the type passed in the UK.
Scheme of compensation in the amount of £350 million declared.
Asbestos is banned in more than 50 countries, but white asbestos still used in cheap construction materials in many parts of the world.
Global production is approximately at the level of 2 million tons per year.
China refuses to give Hong Kong the right to choose leaders, the protesters promise to take revenge on
China's parliament decided on Sunday not to allow Hong Kong voters to nominate candidates for the 2017 election, despite growing demands for democratic reforms.
Such a move, likely to mark the beginning of a long promised protests in Hong Kong's central business district, as activists have begun planning and mobilization in a matter of hours after that statement.
The decision of the National People's Congress, in essence, allows the Communist leaders to remove all of the candidates, who are loyal to Beijing.
"it's not our expectations, but it is infuriating," said legislator Emily Lau, chairman of the Democratic Party.
It's not something that Beijing promised.
They lied to the people of Hong Kong.
And it is clear that we are dealing with an authoritarian regime.
Defending China's decision, whether fairies, deputy secretary-general of the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress, said that to allow the national nomination at the election of Hong Kong's chief executive would be too "chaotic."
Since 1997, when the UK handed control of Hong Kong back to China, Beijing promised to allow residents of the region to choose through a vote of the head of government, starting in 2017.
Chinese leaders have adopted on Sunday a decision as a democratic step forward, since it gives right on a direct vote; but the decision also makes clear that Chinese leaders will continue to keep the process firmly in his own hands with the assistance of the Commission for primary candidates, rigidly controlled from Beijing.
And, according to a new article that only candidates who "love the country and love Hong Kong" will be allowed.
The decision was taken after the summer, when there were some of the most massive and received wide publicity of the protests in Hong Kong for many years.
For a large part of campaign in Hong Kong is the Occupy Central With Love and Peace movement, whose organizers threatened to disrupt Hong Kong's financial district, if Beijing does not guarantee genuine universal suffrage.
On Sunday evening, a few hours after the announcement, hundreds of supporters of the Occupy Central gathered under the rain in front of Hong Kong's government headquarters.
The demonstration organizers said that their movement is shifting to a new phase of civil disobedience and that they rise up on the waves of protest in the coming weeks.
Nevertheless, they have not reported the details, obviously, to avoid problems with government agencies.
In онлайн-заявлении organizers reported that movement "opportunity to capture the central district only as an exceptional measures, actions which can be taken only if all possibilities of dialogue have been exhausted and there is no other choice.
With great regret we inform that today, all possibilities of dialogue have been exhausted and the seizure of Central District undoubtedly will take place.
State organs in Hong Kong were preparing to Beijing's statement a few days, and on Sunday at the headquarters of the government's security measures were strengthened with the involvement of police and barricades.
At the heart of the turmoil is the feeling among many in Hong Kong, that they are slowly losing control over their city.
The influx of residents from the mainland increases competition in the field of goods and services.
Also reinforced the fear that Hong Kong's values, such as democracy and freedom of speech, begin to weaken under the increasing pressure from Beijing.
Some criticize the Occupy Central movement, saying that his demonstrations are putting at risk the businesses - the lifeblood of Hong Kong.
"the protest, about which, they say, it could lead to huge economic losses, depending on how many people will take part and for how long," said lawmaker Regina Ip, which has long been critical of the movement.
We do not want to spread anxiety about how Hong Kong goes out of control.
This is the view, which is harmful for investment.
Chinese state media also gave reports in recent days, in which the Hong Kong democracy movement activists were shown Saboteur, Western powers.
This summer, activists organized an unofficial referendum on electoral law, which drew 780000 participants - more than a fifth of Hong Kong voters.
And in July, tens of thousands came out on one of the largest pro-democratic demonstrations in the region's history.
American culture balls comes to university life: The Freshman offered arriving on a private jet
We're pleased to respond to this demand by launching the first UK Travel Service Categories "Lux" for current students.
To leave the strong impression from arrival at the university, the company also offers options for transportation, such as a personal airplane, Aston Martin or Rolls-Royce Phantom, a McLaren P1.
Mr Stewart also said that service thought about security.
This service is a perfect alternative for students, who usually have to carry their belongings across the whole country in dangerously over-burdened machine.
In combination with our new options for vif, we look forward to seeing how this year will help students get to university with minimum effort and maximum luxury.
A spokesman for the company said that, because the service just launched, the orders had not yet been received, but added that "the students begin to book this service in the next few weeks."
The company also said that, despite the fact that students are facing the need to pay fees of £9,000 a year, she still hopes to find a market for this service.
Current students are quite different from students of 10, 20, 30 or 40 years ago in regard to expectations and hopes: more important than ever, to make a great first impression, and Vif - exactly what you need for this.
Nevertheless, the National Union of Students criticized this service as from reality.
Megan Dunn, vice-president of the NSS on Higher Education, said: "this project is incredibly, separated from the lives of the majority of students.
Many students, who this month will begin studies at the university, faced with a cost of living crisis, when the available financial support in the form of loans and grants fail to keep up with rapidly rising costs of basic needs, before they can even begin to think about that, to take out thousands of pounds on something like a simple arrival in the dormitory.
Feminists are raising the issue of race and the behavior of the police after Ferguson
The unarmed teenager was killed by a police officer in Missouri Ferguson, earlier this month.
They raise their hands, chanting: "hands up, don't shoot," while they are waiting in queues before the funeral.
After two weeks of protests in Missouri Ferguson, associated with the killing of unarmed teenager Michael Brown, a blogger Miriam Patriarch Zoilus of Alexandria Perez noticed the shift in интернет-разговоре among white feminists.
In her experience, white feminists that leave comments put gender above race, when it comes to promoting reproductive rights and income inequality.
However, as a growing tension in the Midwest and has attracted nationwide attention, Peres saw the responses of white women, which focused on 100 percent of the race.
Compared with the reaction of black women shortly after the killings on August 9, personal essays with titles such as "thoughts about Ferguson on behalf of white women" and "feminism is not just about internal repression of women" appeared relatively late.
But in Perez they demonstrated a significant shift.
"in feminism, I don't think there are a lot of people who talk about the white color of the skin and the privileges at such a high level," she said.
People felt the need to say something about what has happened.
It's very symbolic for the crisis with which we are faced, and because (the situation in Ferguson) is so tied to race, they feel that it needs to tell.
A professor of English at Ohio State University Kority Mitchell Ferguson laid bare the problems faced by black American women every day, but which is not perceived as a "women's problem" in the cultural sphere.
"I can write something funny on Facebook about what is happening with me and my partner, and I get 150 from everywhere," says Mitchell.
When I write something about how the colored people are under siege in their own country, silence.
"why do women safely to speak publicly about the relationship, but not about security in the public sphere?," she asks.
For black women, like Mitchell, who studied the issues of race, gender and sexuality in the history of the United States, there is no dichotomy between issues relating to race and gender.
From her point of view, black women are in a position to clearly separate these problems; they are faced with a complex reality every day.
At the same time, as white women now bring together the issues of race and gender in the feminist Mainstream, Angel Khetteri, professor of women's and Gender Studies at George Mason University, says that their predecessor did the opposite.
"between 1865 and 1890 years, at least 10,000 black men, and the reason is almost always served the rape of a white woman," said Khetteri.
Needed was a white woman, confirming the story to justify the lynching of.
From the point of view of Khetteri, the gap between white and black women has occurred, for example, when white suffragettes Susan B. Anthony have examined the situation in the late 1800s, and saw that the fight for suffrage will be effective only for one group: women or blacks.
"they took the decision to put all the eggs in the basket of voting rights for women, and the right to vote for blacks was to appear later," said Khetteri.
Look back on things like this gives us a clear idea of why women of color don't trust white women.
We have not done anything good.
We never helped black women to protect their husbands and sons.
Even after women won the right to vote in 1920, it took ten years to white women united against in the Association of Southern women for the Prevention of.
This group appeared almost 40 years after the fact, as black women for the first time have asked for assistance, said Mitchell.
From the point of view of Mitchell, the reactions of white feminists on problems, raised the situation in Ferguson, is the behavior of the police, racial discrimination - reflects a time when White had to "catch up" to the problem, with whom Black Women Cope in several generations.
"the truth is, it would be great, if female, have such a [traditional] ideology, as would seriously react to the right to educate a child as they relate to law on contraception?" asked Mitchell.
The second wave feminists who have made careers in the fight for reproductive rights and access to, now are beginning to understand what that means.
A well-known white activist movement Gloria Staynem through two weeks after the murder of Michael Brown took advantage of Feysbukom and published a harsh article guardian Rebecca Carroll, which demanded that white Americans have more involvement in protests for issues of racism.
"I hope that women who have the other, but a similar reason to understand the danger, better in the body - and point of view on racial issues, which vary considerably in the polls the public - will be in the forefront of change," wrote Staynem.
Although Staynem GUARANTEE FOR MORE feminism, which includes and issues of race and gender, her comments about race in America still surprises some.
A researcher at the American Enterprise Institute, is the author of "Who Stole Feminism?" Christina Sommers, told She the People that young men in the United States, especially the young people, "much more vulnerable than their sisters," but Staynem about Ferguson contradict criticism, which she previously.
Now we have hundreds of special programs for girls and young women, but almost nothing for the boys.
But when the White House recently initiated a small program, "the watchman to my brother," to help the vulnerable black and youths, followed reaction from many feminists, including from Gloria Staynem.
Police relationship with the black community is not the only problem, advanced line of traditional feminism.
After the United States Coast Guard arrested near 63000 unaccompanied minors at the Southwest border states this year, immigration reform came to the surface again - this time as a women's problem.
Andrea Mercado, co-chairman of the organization We Belong Together, which mobilizes women in support of immigration reform, said that in order to make this issue as important for women, she had only to share stories женщин-иммигранток.
"they speak for themselves," said Mercado.
When the vast majority of working visas are issued [иммигрантам-мужчинам], women who come with them, find themselves in a position, vulnerable to domestic violence and exploitation.
"these stories are responses from women's organizations," she said.
House "with" For Sale "
A photograph of a house to be sold in Suffolk, was removed by real estate agents, when it turned out that it depicted a pig, in the living room.
Displayed for sale for £120,000, a separate house with one bedroom is on a private road in Ipsviche.
The detailed description of different pictures of the living room of the house - which was a pig with head, stationary on the couch.
Connells estate agency reported that pig on photos - home favourite of the owner's home.
"however, the photo was posted in error and has been removed," said a spokesman for the company.
In a detailed description of the house, Connells described the former House of Assembly as "a unique private house with one bedroom."
Despite the fact that the agency took the photo from its website, it still persists in promotional materials.
The sale of the House has raised interest in social networks, where some questioned whether the pig, being sold along with the House.
Russian tennis player Maria Sharapova, in the fourth round of US Open Carolyn Voznyatski, believes that she lacks stability.
According to the athlete, she wants to adequately complete a year and try to leave on a new level, reports from New York Vasily Osipov.
How do you rate their overall results at the tournament "Grand Slam" this year?
Of course, I am happy that we managed to win at Roland Garros still. ""
As for the three other tournaments, then I lacked stability, especially in some matches.
Now, of course, I was upset.
It failed to reach even before.
What are the challenges put before him until the end of the season?
After defeat I have a huge motivation to go to the next level.
I have a lot to work on, and I'm going to do everything possible to adequately complete year.
Asian Series tournament begins in just a couple of weeks.
A member of the State Duma Committee on Physical Culture, Sports and Youth Affairs, former world champion Nikolai Valuev proposed for the implementation of the Technical Review Panel to give bonuses upon admission to universities.
According to him, the general regulations will be the same as in Soviet times, "people will rent out regulations on tightening, running and other exercises.
Recall that 12 of the subjects of Russia will begin to implement a September 1 on its territory the TRP.
I also offered students who passed the TRP, give bonuses upon admission to institutions of higher education, "said Valuev.
For example, they can be a little bit to add points to use.
There are also proposals to give extra output to employees of companies that received these sporting tests.
In the city of Harvey in south Wales has a new millionaire after winning the lottery
Player in the lottery of Harvey in this month.
Is looking for a new millionaire on Southwest from Perth, where one lucky away home nearly $1.1 million in a lottery draw on Saturday night.
Newsstand in Harvey brings gold to draw the main prize for the second time in five years, last winning totaled $1 million in November 2009.
But winner has yet to declare themselves.
The shop owner Steve Striker said that winning has caused excitement in small town south-west of Perth.
The whole town is talking about this, and everyone is very excited.
We thought that such a win would be secret.
Eight winners from Western Australia celebrated winning the main prize last month, noting the completion of several successful weeks for state players.
Last week, the player from Kenning Weil became one of five millionaires in August, following a huge $7,5-миллионным Win Pairs of Belmont for just a few weeks before that.
Winning a couple of plays for twenty years and reported that the win gave them the opportunity to travel the world and buy a new house.
Millionaire from Harvey brings the number where they won the main prize in Western Australia this year to 59, with a total gain of $85 million.
Economic development ministry wants to accelerate the growth of the electric vehicle market
This week the Ministry of Economic Development in the government will make a comprehensive plan for the development of environmentally friendly transport in Russia, said deputy director of the ministry's Department Oleg Pluzhnikov on Round Table, which held the "Vedomosti" at the Moscow motor show - 2014.
Plan drawn up on behalf of the government, one of the main goals is the reduction of emissions of greenhouse gases.
It is expected that the document to be adopted at the end of September - the beginning of October, says Pluzhnikov, the proposed measures pertain to electric vehicles and hybrids - a plan for the development of vehicles on fuel in Russia already have.
(a copy of the plan have the "Vedomosti") is designed for 2014-2017.
It is necessary to develop criteria for assessment of electric and hybrid vehicles and decide how to stimulate the use and production of environmentally friendly vehicles.
Report to the government, which will be described in the tax and customs measures in support of electric transport, will be prepared by December 2014, the scheme of preferential loans and preferential leasing will appear by April 2015; and proposals to reduce the prices of cars, promotion localization and build a service infrastructure will be developed by October 2015.
In 2014-2015, it is supposed to make changes in regulations to ease the conditions for building infrastructure charge (on car parks, petrol stations etc.).
In addition, federal officials intend to in the course of 2015 for regional authorities to formulate proposals to those also spurred the use of environmentally friendly transport - in the form of granting him advantages when driving and parking, for example; and by February 2016 - and proposals for expanding public procurement of such vehicles.
Finally, the Ministry of Economic Development by October 2014 will contribute already in the list of indicators for assessing the performance of regional authorities, which reflect the efficiency criteria support the production of environmentally friendly transport, infrastructure development charge.
Electric vehicle market in Russia is still only being formed - in 2013 across the country sold about 100 electric vehicles.
In early 2014 an import duty on electric cars, so sales will be approximately 500 pieces, predicts Chief Executive Director of Mitsubishi Motors in Russia Andrei punk.
But growth does not make electric cars any more obvious: in 2013, according to the Association of European Businesses in Russia, sold 2,78 million passenger cars and light commercial vehicles.
While electric cars imported to Russia only Mitsubishi Motors.
Start importing preparing Renault - the company is focused primarily on corporate clients, says director for strategic planning and partnerships in Russia Renault Nicolas shafts.
Most of the other manufacturers of electric transport took in respect of Russia taking a wait-and-see approach.
The development of electric vehicles have Russian producers, "" gas, "" but the trivial.
For example, in January - July 2014, according to "асм-холдинга", "Avtovaz" has released 30 electric vehicles.
Demand are low due to the high prices of electric vehicles, admits director of Avtovaz for engineering Sergei Aman, without state support breakthrough in this segment will not be....
Development of the Russian market of electric vehicles apart from the expensiveness of cars (those electric cars that are sold in Russia, on average, twice as expensive as analogues with internal-combustion engines) holds an underdeveloped infrastructure charge (retails sites - Units), sighs CEO "Avtostata" Sergei Tselikov.
Because of the costs involved and the low rate of reduction of the cost of electric cars in the next three to four years will remain segment of the Russian market, predicts "Avtorevyu" chief editor Mikhail Podorozhanskiy Tselikov agrees with him.
Automakers, in contrast, say that some models of electric vehicles are already close to the value of the ordinary.
The Russian market of electric vehicles are good prospects, the main thing is to instill confidence in consumers that "" is real; this, in particular, will contribute to the emergence of the new charging stations, Wolfgang Shlimme underscores President BMW Group in Russia.
Such infrastructure projects is, for example, the state-owned company "Rosseti": in Moscow constructed few stations, soon will have around 80.
On the construction of a network of retails sites and talks with other regions.
According to the director of the department "Rossetey" Vladimir Sofina, the Company believes the market for electric vehicles and is ready to build gas stations across the country, but there is a problem: a small number of electric vehicles in the country and the lack of a single standard for charging electric vehicles of various brands.
In addition, "Rosseti" as network company does not have the rights to sell electricity, being able to do this in relation to the charging of electric vehicles.
Punk believes the most effective measure of state support of the electric vehicle market in Russia lose customs duties.
Zero rate will act before the end of 2014, the company is exploring the possibility of its renewal and expansion of preferential list.
Replacement vehicle tax on ecological (the idea being discussed and concerns all machines) will support the market, too, but not as noticeably as customs preferences, said Pankov.
Transport tax in Russia is small, said Pankov, unlike, for example, from Norway, where tax cuts led to a sharp rise in sales of electric vehicles - now they account for 12 percent of the market.
In Russia are needed and stimulus measures for car owners, such as free parking in the center of the city (as is already done in Moscow), I'm sure punk, or electric vehicle can travel in dedicated lanes, which so far is not present in Russia.
In Colorado crashed a private plane
Plane Piper PA-46 crashed in the U.S. state of Colorado.
Three out of five people who are in it, were killed, reports ITAR-TASS.
Survivors taken to hospital.
The accident occurred a few kilometers from the runway of the airport of the city of Denver.
Now are the causes of the tragedy.
In the Donetsk region are from prisoners militants battalion "Donbass."
Punisher surrounded under Ilovayskom.
They were committed to their own commanders, and dozens of security forces were killed under shelling.
Those who survived, say that if they knew, what is in fact the situation in the southeast of Ukraine, would not have gone to war.
108 prisoners can be called Longshot.
Punisher from battalion "Donbass" remained alive after the "slaughter," in which they are trapped under Ilovayskom.
Surrounded by the Army of the Donetsk People's Republic fighters spent several days, virtually abandoned by their commanders and authorities of Ukraine.
When the staff reported that of the "Ring" can go on allegedly provided by corridor, the column has moved.
But literally after a couple of minutes on all sides shells and bullets.
"according to the information that I was given, and we had a corridor, we were allowed to go out," said Acting Deputy Commander of the battalion, a call-sign "Lermontov."
And when we between Mnogopolem and Chervonoselskim descended in, began with "" caught fire with anti-tank guided missiles, grenade launchers, automatic cannons 30-милиметровых hereafter, small arms.
Ahead of me were four cars and the back three, in the end, there were only two cars.
Officer with the call "Lermontov" tells: almost immediately, not less than 60 people died, dozens were injured, many have died since then.
Survivors fighters now provide medical care for those whom they came to kill.
Prisoners are now wondering what the so-called "terrorists" are treated them well, provide food, medicines.
At the same time, as their own commanders actually lied to them and have committed to certain death.
Simply have betrayed us, "they say.
Convoy, the entire battalion to her destroyed.
In the battalion "Donbass" is, like many of his comrades, he enrolled as a volunteer, because the Ukrainian news reports told of atrocities that allegedly had been prevented in the southeast "separatists."
Already here, saw a very different picture.
His mother in Luhansk killed - and not someone, and the Ukrainian military.
My friend called me and told me that goes shelling that most likely this is the Ukrainian armed forces, "says one of the soldiers, Alexei.
After that I wanted to leave the battalion.
US not allowed from Ilovaisk, have said that we in the ring.
I agreed with the report already are already wrote about care.
US with fees from Zurakhovo immediately taken in Ilovaisk.
According to the prisoners, in the "cauldron" under Ilovayskom stuck people 300.
Now some survivors admit that if I could turn back the time, in Punitive Battalion for anything they would not have entered.
Of all militias and the captives were handed over to security officials teach.
Each would check on any involvement in war crimes.
In the region set up headquarters on limitation of the prices on the products
In the Krasnoyarsk Krai established headquarters, who if necessary will limit price increases for products on the market in the region.
Decree on the creation of this structure is already signed.
Members of the staff were members of the governments of the region, representatives executive and supervisory agencies.
Together, they will keep an eye on the prices for agricultural products in the region.
To lead the economy, whether Kiev will repay Rosneft's $140 million of losses?
Rosneft head Igor Sechin said the company assesses damage from shelling Lisichanskogo refinery in Ukraine for $140 million.
About this, he said in an interview with Spiegel.
"we estimate the damage at $140 million and will hold talks with the Ukrainian government about the payment of compensation," said Sechin.
According to him, commissioning a modernized company Lisichansk refinery was planned in 2014.
However, part of the factory was destroyed by Ukrainian artillery.
"there was no fighting, there was no" entrenched themselves rebels, "but the Ukrainian artillery destroyed part of an industrial facility.
In addition, technological, oil has disappeared in the pipes, "he said.
Let's remind, on July 18, in connection with the shelling Lisichanskogo refinery burned down reservoir for storage of oil and destroyed the building of two warehouses.
The Lisichansk refinery, a major refinery in Ukraine, first of all, the plant was put into operation in October 1976
The total capacity of Lisichanskogo refinery is about 7 million tons of oil a year.
The plant is capable of producing the fuel standard "Euro-4" party, as well as the diesel fuel standard "евро-5".
In March 2012, the supply of oil at the Lisichansk refinery have been suspended in connection with his.
On the enterprise there was decided to begin repairs.
A year later, Rosneft obtained Lisichansk refinery along with other Ukrainian assets of TNK-BP.
North Korea has launched short-range projectile in the direction of the Sea of Japan.
According to South Korean media, this happened around 10: 30 a.m. local time from the province Chagang Province, which is located on the border between North Korea and China.
As informed "Interfax" in the joint committee of the chiefs of staff of South Korea, presumably, a rocket fell in the Sea of Japan, after flying about 220 kilometers.
Ruble falls against the backdrop of geopolitical pressures
On the Moscow stock exchange, the dollar rose at the opening on 3 kopecks to 37,15 rubles, the ruble fell to basket against the backdrop of geopolitical tensions.
The dollar started trading at UTS transactions in Borders 37,11-37,2 rubles / $1, on average, over the course of two minutes recorded on the level of 37,16 rubles / $1, is on 4 kopecks higher than the previous closing.
The euro stood at 48,79 rubles for 1 euro, it is for 3 kopecks higher than the previous closing.
Price basket added 3.5 kopecks and amounted to RUR 42,395.
The U.S. dollar is traded at 23 kopecks higher than the official rate, the euro - on 16 kopecks higher than the official rate.
The Russian market on Friday, 29 August, continued its rapid decline, however, there was no panic this time.
Continued to become cheaper and the ruble and even have updated historic maximum to the dollar.
Now investors are already in advance deterioration in the geopolitical environment and the possible new sanctions to Russia.
So far, however, it looks more like the artificial hysterics, through the media, particularly the western.
Options for imposing new sanctions to Russia not so much already.
Teletrade "at the opening of the Moscow exchange the ruble continues sharp weakening against baskets.
The geopolitical backdrop remains the determining factor.
However, if in the near future we are going to see a new negativity, and Russian indices, and the position of the national currency can.
"Orenburg Airlines will sue with" идеал-туром "
"Orenburg airlines faced" идеал-туру "claims totaling 4.7 billion rubles.
It is about two things, the session for which will be held in October.
Review of the case will be different judges.
According to Interfax, the first lawsuit was filed on August 14.
His total of little more than 425 million rubles.
Hearing on it is scheduled for October 7.
The second statement was filed on August 18.
His sum 4,24 billion rubles.
Hearing on it is scheduled for October 2.
As reported to journalists in the Russian Union of Tourism Industry, the judges in the cases are different.
In July in the media there was information about debt "идеал-тура" before "of Orenburg" in the sum of 1.5 billion rubles.
The airline's general director Viktor Zyukin says amount to 1.6 bln rubles.
Aeroflot's general director Vitaly Saveliev calls an even greater amount - two billion rubles.
Twitter tried to become more interesting for new users
Service Twitter changed the process of registering users to quickly engage new participants in an active interaction with the platform.
This measure should reduce the number of their microblogs people.
Now new Twitter users will view during the registration of a large number of service accounts, to immediately draw up a range of reading.
The recommendations are based on specified during the registration of interests.
At the same time, Twitter automatically installs the tick on subscriptions for all automatically selected accounts.
Because of this, the user would have to choose to remove a tick, not to read those, who are not interested in him.
If users before service saw only recommended users, Twitter now displays a sample of one popular tweets bloggers to help make an impression on the man.
It is the biggest change in the registration of the Twitter page for the past three years.
In recent years, Twitter is actively working on the modernisation of the service.
Such activity is associated, above all, with the ongoing attempts of the service to reach a breakeven point.
In 2014 the service was faced with slowing growth in user base and the fall of readers.
The company currently desperately needs more loyal consumer resource, which, by accessing the times, would remain for a long time.
The only way you can ensure a steady flow of funds.
The Day of Knowledge in Moscow will be and rainy
The first of September in Moscow region throughout the day is cool and rainy, said meteorologists.
The air temperature in Moscow will be between 16 to 18 degrees, in the Moscow suburbs - 13-18 degrees.
In cloudy weather with clearings, places will have rain, wind east while a quarter will be quite weak - just 3-8 meters per second.
The program of disposal of cars was resumed on September 1
And on September 1 in Russia renew the action programme for the recycling of the cars.
Until December 31, 2014, 10 billion rubles will be allocated for these purposes.
As explained in Chapter of Minpromtorg's Russian Federation Denis Manturov, the money allocated from the limits, which have already been notified to the Ministry of Industry and Trade of the Russian Federation by means of reallocation to other areas of support.
The program will include all vehicles older than six years.
The amount of compensation will be from 40,000 per car up to 350 thousand rubles for freight.
Previously in Russia already was operating a similar program of recycling cars.
The main difference of this project, the minister explained, is that now it is not only recycling machines to get the discounts, but also a possibility in case, if the car has reached the age of more than six years, to buy a new discount when renting the old in "трейд-ин" the dealer, Interfax news agency reports.
On the previous federal program utilization, from January 1, 2010 to December 31, 2011, was spent more than 16 billion rubles.
Thanks to her, the level of passenger car production in 2010 was about 1.2 million units (this plus 101,4% in relation to 2009).
The creator of Coming Out simulator will release the game about modern journalism
Nikki case, known in the game coming out simulator decided to release a game about modern journalism.
He described his project in an interview to Kill Screen.
Case began work on the game a few weeks ago, however, well known that fact got just now.
Source of inspiration for the game have become events in Ferguson, where there are now protests that began after police killed unarmed black teenager.
The focus of the project, which as yet has no title, will it, as news coverage of the story is affecting their consequences.
Hero of the game, a civilian journalist, will need to take photos of what is happening in areas where there are skirmishes between the police and the population.
Hero can photograph what happens differently, that will affect the course of events.
If he lifts the scene so that the police will look like heroes, and protesters - bandits, police will begin to better relate to him and puffing to a place where ordinary people can't go.
If he will cover events differently, his photos can turn peaceful protests into a large-scale revolt.
Points in the game you need to recruit using Twitter hero, which will appear in new subscribers, if photos posted there will prove popular.
The game still has no name.
Release date or platform, on which she appears, are unknown.
Case, however, has published the image, showing how an event can change depending on how done and handled a photograph of him.
In an interview Kill Screen, Case explained that he considered the concept of such a game quite a long time ago, however, initially wanted to devote her no protests in the US, and the events in Gaza.
After he started to collect material for the game, realized that he did not have enough knowledge and skills to cover the history of the region.
But when he saw how the media cover events in Ferguson, he decided to make a game based on what happened.
Nikki case is an independent developer, which produces the browser game.
His most famous project was coming out of the simulator, released in 2014.
This game, in which talks about the events from the biographies of the case, focused on how teenager trying to tell about their relationship parents.
Draws Ukraine in continuing bloodshed
A call to prepare for the "tens of thousands" of victims of Ukraine's Defence Minister Valery Geletey draws people in continuing the confrontation, according to a press release from the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation.
"in Moscow, of course, drew attention to the remarks of the head of the Ukrainian Defense Minister Valeriy Geleteya, saying the" completion of the operation to liberate the east of Ukraine against terrorists "and the beginning of" The Great Patriotic War "in which losses will run to" tens of thousands. "
The degree of adequacy of the head of military institutions of Ukraine, publisher on his page on Facebook mentioned the Post, is a subject for research specialists not in the military sphere, "it said in a message to Russian diplomats.
They can hardly believe that such statements may belong to the minister of defense a civilized state.
On its Facebook page, the defense minister of Ukraine wrote on Monday: "according to unofficial channels of the Russian party had already threatened on several occasions that in the case of the continuation of the resistance they are willing to apply to US tactical nuclear weapons."
At the same time, he said that "the operation to liberate the east of Ukraine" is complete.
Perez Hilton removed all intimate images of celebrities and apologized
Today more than 60 terror gripped by stars of Hollywood.
Hackers have broken into primitive passwords for iCloud (warehouse) in smartphones, after which their intimate pictures appeared on the website of the bloggers judge Perez Hilton.
The truth is, for a short while.
Recall, the official representative of the "Hunger Games" star Jennifer Lawrence has already reported the theft of the photos with her mobile phone do, and also confirmed that all the shots that "Shine" in the network are genuine.
Perez Hilton - creator of the homonymous сайта-таблоида, apologized to the actress Jennifer Lawrence and her colleagues for the publication of explicit images of them, writes the Independent.
No, nobody forced me to do that.
With me were not their agents.
And now I delete sexually explicit photos of Jennifer Lawrence and Victoria Justice, "wrote on Twitter.
However, all the sexually explicit photos of stars already across the network.
David Beckham was involved in a traffic accident, hiding from the paparazzi
David Beckham was involved in an accident on a motorcycle, to escape the paparazzi.
This happened in Los Angeles at the turn on Sunset Boulevard.
British footballer escaped with Bruise and stretching the muscles of the right hand.
Beckham emerged from тату-салона, where it suddenly opened kind was as more as possible convenient paparazzi.
From their prosecution on a motorcycle, he failed to turn with the baton and fell, writes TMZ citing close to sources.
In the end, Beckham got hurt, stretching the muscles of the right hand and scratches.
Tony Stewart suffers an accident, Back on Track
The return of Tony Stewart on the track ended already slightly more than in the middle of the race at Atlanta Motor Speedway.
Stewart hit the wall for the second time after his right front tire ruptured on 172 lap, ending his speech.
Stewart has finished its car to the garage and then walked out, not talking to become reporters.
His team manager Ched Johnston said that 14 members of the team are upset, but now we focus on the race in the following weekend in Richmond, Virginia.
"I would like to be more successful and more successful attempt to finish for him," said Johnston.
We go to Richmond and, hopefully, we can be better there.
Stewart first hit the wall earlier in the race Sunday night after a collision with Kaylom bush that require repair of the right side of his car.
"I started today with quite a big hope to successfully come to the finish," said Johnston, adding, "simply did not happen."
Soon after the accident, the car was lost on Stuart Tow Truck, and the team gathered and was ready to leave.
Stewart missed three NASCAR Sprint Cup race after his car hit and killed another driver during a race on a dirt track in northern New York state.
He decided to come back this week, and he had to win, or in Atlanta, or at the following race in Richmond, to take part in the persecution.
He returned to work at the time of the investigations into the tragic incident, as a result of which killed a 20-year-old Kevin Ward Jr., who came on the track to express dissatisfaction with Stewart during the race.
Law enforcement agencies reported on Friday that a trial of cause of the accident will continue for at least another two weeks.
The decision about whether Stewart will be charged, was not accepted.
Champion was met with loud up and applause when he represented before the race.
From 12th position, Stewart walked in the first 10 early in the race, when you come to the fourth position.
Then on 122 lap after the restart of the Bush administration.
Machine 18 left the trajectory on the exit of Turn 2 and has in Stuart, both cars into the wall.
Stewart continued, but was late to the 21th position.
Sobchak and Vitorgan cigarettes with Zhvanetskim in Odessa
Ksenia Sobchak and Maxim Vitorgan now are located in Odessa, about the TV presenter did not fail to report in its Instagram.
However, one picture is very surprised and very fans of the pair.
The image was made from Zhvanetskogo.
"at breakfast at Michael Mikhalycha Zhvanetskogo Maxim explains that such:)) # Odessa" - signed a photo of Ksenia Sobchak.
But besides cigarettes on the table there is nothing.
No coffee, rolls, butter and other things...
Fans of the pair decided that Ksyusha also smokes, and condemned her for it.
"while cigarettes whose?," Smoking Kills! "," lead the cigarette breakfast), "and" would like for breakfast on the table only cigarettes))) "," Xenia, you also smoke? "- sore at for his pet subscribers to her blog.
Recall, recently Sobchak what a delicious dinner for the first time in his life has prepared her Maxim Vitorgan.
"счастье-это when you go to Villa, and husband to your arrival prepared dinner (for the first time in married life, but what вкусный.главное, to now, not at the end of the dinner, said the pages of the joke:" so now, so every day was, "her husband Ksenia Sobchak.
In the photo you can see that maxim with diligence is preparing something, but on the table already filed pickles and roasted chicken.
Bulgaria prison employees held a national protest
Hundreds of prison officers from all over the country held a national protest in front of the Ministry of Justice in the capital Sofia.
During the peaceful demonstration, they repeated their demands to restore the previous working conditions, which were recently changed.
The increased wages are also included in the list of demands, which will be discussed with the acting justice minister temporarily Hristo Ivanov.
Within a month the officers expressed a symbolic protest against the new graphics work, demanding a return to the previous 24-часовые shifts.
Despite the fact that the union of prison officials repeatedly met with representatives of the Ministry of Justice, no agreement was reached, reports the Bulgarian National Radio (independence).
The talks are ongoing, said Independence, the head of the Main Department for Execution of Punishments Rosen Zhelyazkov.
It is expected that union to protest prison officials will join members of the Federation of Trade Unions of Employees of the Ministry of Interior.
The army controls the new government of Thailand
General Prayut (right) has appointed to the post of defense minister Pravita Vongsuvana (left)
Military ruler and the prime minister of Thailand, General Prayut чан-оча announced the composition of a new cabinet of ministers in the country, where more than a third of posts are generals or retired generals.
Representatives of the army were given key posts: ministers of defense, finance, foreign affairs and trade.
On Monday Prayut чан-оча was officially approved in the post of prime minister after the fact, as the King of Thailand has officially endorsed the appointment of the head of the interim military government on this post.
60-year military usurped power in the country in a bloodless coup on May 22, was the only candidate for the premiership post.
He was elected prime minister in a session of parliament.
Previously the army of appointed members of parliament.
According to праютa чан-оча, a coup was the only way to maintain stability.
He was preceded by six months which the demonstrations, during which protesters demanded the resignation of the government of Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra.
Officially Prayut чан-оча will be caretaker prime minister, since the military is planning to hold a general election in late 2015.
However, there are fears that the military is trying to consolidate its power in the country.
The military came to power on May 22
Against the background of a complete paralysis of civil authorities.
The leaders of the main political parties were subjected to temporary arrest.
Immediately after the military came to power they have put the temporary arrest of the country's leading politicians, including Prime Minister Yinglyk Shinawatra.
Detained were also some journalists and public figures.
The current political crisis dates back to 2006, when the army shifted from the post of the prime minister's brother Yinglyk Shinawatra Thaksin.
They both are popular among the rural population, especially in northern areas of the country that are not time ensured their success at the polls.
However, many in the middle class and metropolitan elite entered movement, which since November 2013, almost country.
No one said that in a salad and mussels will be better, I promised you this not waitress from New Palm.
Must formally acknowledge that this is indeed so, but the mind and stomach remain adamant.
Because all have long known: we say "Belgium" - mean mussels, we say "mussels" - mean "Belgium."
Restaurateur love proclaim that the success of schools depends on three factors: it is location, location, and location again.
There are some places that are not that good, and even great, but any La Chèvre.
In short, sat with a table of palm, I remembered that once upon a time there was a "small Town" (in honor of the same TV shows), and even then "одесса-мама" restaurant "Beaujolais" and "friendship" of the pub.
Now here again the pub, but has not ностальгически-советская, and Belgium.
Above the Earth is only the tip of the iceberg: a bar counter and a couple of tables, all the rest space devoid of even the hint of sunlight.
But here the fun, as in a child's room: red, yellow and green walls, multicoloured chairs, instead of Windows -- TVs, where float девушки-русалки.
Belgian institution in St. Petersburg for a long time is not a novelty, so compared with what there is.
Here eight kinds of beer on draught (260-300 rubles per 0.5 liters) and countless bottled (170-1550 rubles).
Компанейски-позитивная waitress presents a menu, cheerfully telling that "mussels - hearty large seeds," and it should be noted: the service, despite some shortcomings, is the positive side of Palm.
Menu Expected in content, but often very suddenly on the execution.
Well who, for example, to predict that meat roll with Wallon prunes (280 rubles) - in fact, carpaccio, a besides so thinly that parchment paper compared with him seem matter ugly Tolstoy.
Feel at least some taste can be, if only again and again.
With salads, it's even worse.
Classic princes of Liege sought (260), more than it would be to admit a crime against the Belgian people: some iceberg, once long ago potatoes, chips from the Kenyan beans, bacon, plus some pickled onion.
With such Liège salad does not want the meeting to anyone!
The composition of the ingredients of the salad was part of a different, but not different positive impression, too.
If the tomatoes of cherry tomatoes or champignons still could close the eyes, then why the mussels appear as if for their lives to them several times managed to freeze and boil!!!!!!!!!
Because I already know: here is quite normal mussels!!!!!!!!!
Their serves in the "in a sauce of your choice" (490-560 rubles per 0.5 kg).
Sauces a half-dozen, the one that in white wine, celery and carrot, frankly, not quality.
Vegetables have a flavor is missing, yes and whether there was wine, and so remains a mystery.
But the good rely to Meidias Painter Frith with homemade mayonnaise.
Chicken Waterzooi here - not pokhlebka, dense to such an extent that, depending on the mood you can decide the first or the second dish before you, and just a nice creamy.
It was announced that a rabbit, a local chef prepares in beer sauce, is also populated by and said nothing about Rosemary.
In actual fact, the situation turned out to be diametrically opposite: Rosemary them all.
The impression that this rabbit when life was fed exclusively, why meat has acquired such an extraordinary flavor.
But at the same time to flap a rabbit wonderful - no, just an excellent pear in crust.
Wafers in the Palm offering not only sweet, but hearty - with beef, chicken or bacon and cheese (220-280).
The maple sauce was unnecessarily and waffles.
But to table the manager very informally asked about lunch impressions.
Therefore, it should come again.
The dollar surged on MICEX above 37 rubles on the news about the upcoming West of new sanctions against Russia.
It's a new historical record.
Dollar calculations of "Tomorrow" to 10: 29 Moscow time grew to 26.9 cents and was 37,02 ruble, the euro was raised by 30 kopecks - before 48,73 Ruble, shows data of the Moscow stock exchange.
Basket grew to 28 cents compared to the previous closing and cost 42,28 ruble.
To the Crimean events, the dollar reached a high of 19 February 2009 - then he was worth 36,43 ruble, and on March 3, 2014, he was already 37,005 ruble.
On the night of August 29, the White House announced that US President Barack Obama and German Chancellor Angela Merkel to discuss the possibility of imposing additional sanctions against Russia.
The weakening of the ruble is long-term in nature, and in tandem with the euro, and in tandem with the dollar.
The long-term forecast suggested this notch, "says a senior analyst with Alpari" "Anna Bodrov.
Everything to do with Ukraine, one way or the other, will be displayed on the courses.
As long as this continues, investors will react.
Today, the rumors about the invasion troops not confirmed nor with one hand, but the market turned out to be very emotional.
All the talk about the fact that he was resistant to that kind of news, yesterday were.
Week, according to the specialist, the plugin will close around these levels - 36,90 and 37,05 rubles per dollar.
The tax period ended, oil prices weak, politics, sanctions, the problem of gas transit through Ukraine - all of these are links of the same chain.
Also projected the inflation, the current prices for fall will go up from 5 to 10 percent.
Soon, moreover, will end the seasonal fruits and vegetables, and there will be a vacuum, while network to other suppliers.
"the dollar went to the mark in 37 rubles, passed it and returned back, some powerful hysteria is not present," said the head of the department of market analysis "The Broker" Konstantin Bushuev.
Still will watch, will be whether to enter on Saturday promised sanctions, as will meet NATO.
He said the ruble, sharply weak after the end of tax season, then went to the same news on Ukraine, the central bank last week said that before the end of the year, fully and renounces any passes to floating the currency interventions.
If you look at the daily fluctuation, it is no different from previous ones in the course of this month, all exactly mark in 37 rubles, "the analyst continued.
And so, in terms of anything a powerful turnover not occurred.
Worrying times for the currency market were, I remind you, when at the end of January, there has been an increased demand for the currency, as well as the third of March, the period when the central bank shipped a record number of currencies.
In UFS IC and see the positive side of the weakening ruble.
First of all, it is the growth in revenue from exports, as well as improving the competitiveness of the domestic producers due to the rising cost of imports, says Chief Analyst UFS IC Alexei Kozlov.
To the negative moments can be attributed the price of imported goods and services.
Sharp fluctuations in the Russian currency to significantly reduce the attractiveness of investing in the Russian economy, stoking rising inflationary pressure and, as a consequence, are the cause of the rising cost of borrowing money, which, in turn, slows down the development of the country's economy.
If we talk about the stock market, the depreciation of the ruble a moderating decline in the prices of shares, expressed in rubles.
For example, the index of the Micex fell 1,67% during trading Thursday, while the RTS index lost 3.27 percent.
Such a significant difference in the relative size of indices due to the weakening of the ruble during the day more than 1.5 per cent.
The weakening of the ruble is an emotional character and is due to run to buy the currency.
As practice shows, gradually emotions are on there, and quotes the ruble partially or fully restore the lost positions.
"we believe that soon we will be able to see the correlation between the dollar and the Russian exchange near the level of 36 rubles to the dollar," said Alexei Kozlov.
The genetic disorder often incorrectly diagnosed
Reported that she spent many years thinking that dies, after incorrectly delivered the diagnosis.
Rogers spent much of their adolescence, thinking that she was left to live only a few years after she was diagnosed with another disease.
In fact, she had a disease шарко-мари-тута (ShMT) is a group of inherited disorders that cause damage to nerves outside the brain and spine.
Charitable organization CMT UK reported that incorrectly delivered a diagnosis is a common problem among people with ShMT, because so little is known about this condition.
The roughly 23,000 people in the UK, presumably, has ShMT, which can lead to motor symptoms, such as muscle weakness, uncertain gait and toes.
Patients can experience a numbness or pain, and the condition of no cases and progresses, that means that symptoms are amplified with time.
When Rogers was 13, she thought, that suffer from ataxia Fridreykha (AF) - The forecast for the state, which was very bad.
Rogers thought she would be confined to a wheelchair chair by the time she is 18, and dies before she is 30.
The mother of two children, of which there are now 51, said: "as a kid I knew that I can't do what other.
I fell every day, and I have for everything took more time.
I never could skate on Saturday or a skateboard with other children, and many scoffed at the school because of me, how I went and ran.
Rogers said that, when she was 13, after several operations to unleash sinew and straighten the foot, she peered into the medical card, when her doctor went out of the room, and there was written that she AF.
"I felt guilty, because nose where it should not be, and why I had not told anyone, but I returned home, found information about this condition in the library and wrote in the Association of AF," she said.
When I received the information in the answer, I was shocked and had experienced the most terrible panic, which only possible.
I thought that I would be in a wheelchair for 18 and die before I turn 25, and that I am gradually lose all their ability in that span.
I passed through it one, and I own funeral.
She said that by the time she was 17, she realized that her ability to walk has not deteriorated as much as she thought, and asked his doctor about it.
He just got up, embraced me and said: "my dear, I don't think that you have this disease because you would have been in a wheelchair."
I think you have something that is a far smaller threat to life.
After several genetic surveys she found ShMT.
"when he explained that such ShMT, I thought that stretched a happy Ticket," she said.
Charitable organization ShMT Britain announced a month information about ShMT, to try to draw attention to the disease.
The tax burden on entrepreneurs in the Washington area is growing as the recovery of the economy
Economy means more customers, more sales and new jobs.
It also means higher taxes.
Accounts for the payment of taxes on the state and local level for companies across the country, moderately increased in the past year, when the accelerated recovery of the economy, according to a new study, published last week, and companies in the Washington area - is no exception.
Companies in the District, Maryland and Virginia collectively paid $27.6 billion in the coffers of the state and at the local level in fiscal 2013, the 3.8 percent more than the $26.6 billion collected in 2012.
Tax burden on business across the state and at the local level increased last year by 4.3 per cent, to $671 billion, compared with 3.9 per cent the year before, and it was the third straight year of growth after reaching each other years, when account decreased, in 2009 and 2010.
Charged state taxes, local taxes, grew 4.3 percent, faster than the 3.9 percent, according to the study, which was conducted by the firm, providing professional services, Ernst & Young and center on State Taxation, a group on tax policy.
More than half of the tax revenue in the district, 56 percent, falls on taxes on entrepreneurs, while 36 per cent of tax revenues Maryland falls on firms.
Virginia, with 28 percent, is the lowest in proportion to the amount of tax revenues, from entrepreneurs.
To a large extent, the growth in tax revenues caused by returning to the same level of the value of real estate companies, say the researchers, that has raised taxes on real estate by 3.7 per cent this year, after three years in a row, when the growth was less than 1 percent.
While a large share of these revenues are concentrated in large states such as California, New York and Texas, it seems that the same thing is happening in the Washington area.
Companies in the District, Maryland and Virginia collectively paid $10 billion real estate taxes at the state and local level in the past year, to $9.6 billion, more than in 2012 - growth at 4.2 per cent, compared with the previous year.
However, the observed return on real estate value has a similar effect on the growth of tax revenue to the state and local level in Maryland, where taxes on real estate barely exceed one fifth of tax bills of companies.
Of Virginia and the District of Columbia paid about half the tax bills at the state and local level in the form of taxes on real estate.
"what's happening in Maryland is that such a large part of their property, especially tax base around the District of Columbia, is owned by either the government or non-profit organization, which does not pay taxes on real estate," said Douglas Lindkholm, executive director of the Center for Taxation in the state.
Thus, for example, Maryland is forced to rely much more on income taxes to pay for the same service, which have in other states.
The recent increase in tax receipts from businesses cannot fully explain the recovery of the real estate market.
Income entrepreneurs, too, it seems, are going on well, according to this data.
Company in the region corporate income tax at the state level in the amount of $2.3 billion to $2.1 billion more than in 2012.
Maryland collected $1 billion of corporate income tax revenues, most of all in the region.
Although the trends are in the same direction, the tax burden of entrepreneurs at the local level does not increase with the same speed in all three areas.
Level of growth in the District of Columbia was on the same level, and that the average for the country, 4.3 percent, while growth in Maryland was significantly faster 4.9 percent.
Only in Virginia has been the rise of tax revenue below the average, equal to 4.1 percent.
In Virginia had the lowest corporate income tax from three jurisdictions (each of whom the same corporate rate) equal to 6 per cent.
In Maryland the corporate rate is 8.25 percent, whereas in the District is relatively high - 9,975 per cent.
A similar study of the US Chamber of Commerce earlier this year in Virginia found that lower taxes for entrepreneurs at the state and local level and, on the whole, more favorable climate in regard to taxes for entrepreneurs, than in Maryland.
District was not assessed in this study.
Despite its advantage, Virginia is feeling competitive pressure from its neighbor to the south.
North Carolina recently signed legislation that corporate rate this year from 6.9 per cent to 6 per cent, the same as in Virginia, and the rate will fall to 5 percent in the next year.
If the state will continue to achieve goals of tax revenue in the next year, this law could bring income tax rate for entrepreneurs, even up to 3 per cent by 2017.
Meanwhile, a small business in the Washington area, it seems, feels better and, thus, pay more taxes on the state and local level, according to a recent study.
Taxes for entrepreneurs, paid in the form of individual income tax the owners of small businesses, transient structure, in which a majority of small firms - in the District of Columbia, Maryland and Virginia have risen by 20 per cent in the last year, to $2.4 billion, with a far greater rate of growth than taxes for in general.
The researchers say that the trend and an increase in revenues from taxes on businesses across the country, is likely to persist this year, with tax revenues, with turnover in governments at the local and state level, grown by 6.2 percent in the first three quarters of 2014 compared with the same period last year.
However, the Washington area could fall behind, as well as lower federal spending affects the labor market in the region.
Bronze Age Russian judo
Home World Cup judo national team brought the country two silver and seven bronze medals.
In this respect, the Russians gave only the favorite of the competition -- Japan's national team.
Tournament in Chelyabinsk was started on Monday, and the first day brought the Russian team to the silver medal.
Its owner became Beslan Mudranov, speaker in the category up to 60 kg.
At the same time to equal the final struggle with Boldbaatarom Ganbatom from Mongolia, the outcome of this confrontation has decided only one note obtained by Russian.
And here's the second day of the tournament was the most successful for Team Russia - on Tuesday had won just three medals.
In the men's competition in the category up to 66 kg silver inherited Michael Pulyaevu and bronze - Kamal хан-магомедову.
In the final match to Russian world champion of 2011 and 2013 "s Japanese Masashi Ebinume.
Хан-магомедов, on stage loser, walked across the tournament and became the owner of bronze awards.
In the women's tournament to 52 kg category also to third rungs pedestal honour got Natalia Kuzyutina.
In the semi-finals she lost to current world Maylinde Kelmendi from Kosovo, which at this championship stood under the banner of the International Judo Federation and successfully defended the title.
In the dispute over the bronze Kuzyutina won the MA Inan from China, but after the end of the tournament yet admitted that third place is not at all what she expected.
And over an obstacle on the way of Russian women to gold became Kelmendi Kuzyutinu earlier in the final of the European Championship.
In the third day of the tournament in Chelyabinsk bronze in the piggy bank of Russia put Musa Mogushkov, fought in the under 73 kg.
In his offender was former Moldova spokesman Victor Skovortsov, now the speaker of the UAE team.
But then the Russians won two battles and became the owner of the awards.
Spoke on the domestic championship with injury, which he plans to heal in the near future, however, and will take a pause in the competitions.
As for экс-молдованина Skvortsova, then he at this tournament, and he made it to the bronze medal.
Interestingly, and another of his compatriot who received special citizenship UAE, Ivan Remarenko with completed the performance in the category up to 100 kg.
The fourth day чм-2014 also brought the Russians a bronze, which in the category up to 81 kg won Ivan Nifont of Novgorod.
In heavy battle small final by remarks from a rival he defeated Frenchman Alan Schmitt.
On Friday at the tournament immediately three sets of awards, but Russians traditionally limited to one in the men's tournament to 90 kg.
Its owner was Kirill issues, with the national team of Russia this medal was assured: his rival on final was compatriot Kirill Denisov.
However, the match never took place: rival Voprosova couldn't get out on the floor because of injuries.
Men's bronze was conquered by the Masters and on the sixth day of competition - in her piggy bank team put Renat Saidov, speaker in the category of more than 100 kg.
In finals he won a clean victory over David Mor.
So ended an individual part of the world championship.
On the last day of the tournament on Sunday in Chelyabinsk, the title of world champions in the team competitions.
Both Russian teams - both male and female - were among the top nominees for awards, but, as in the individual competitions, representatives of the fine sex and not lucky -- to medals they never got.
And here is Russian won so the team silver.
The decisive confrontation they in a stiff competition with a score of 2-3 gave way to the main competition favorites - Japan's team.
With the national team of Russia led 2-0 after a clean victory хан-магомедова and strong-willed - Denis Yartseva (weight to 73 kg).
But in heavier weight categories with their Japanese rivals were unable to cope Murat Khabachirov (81), Magomed Magomedov (90) and Aslan Vascular cambium (100).
The same scenario could develop and bronze match in women's tournament, where the Russian national team, leading 2-0, lost is 2-3.
The team competitions in Chelyabinsk was Russian President Vladimir Putin, who after the tournament congratulated the men's national team to the silver medal.
"second place is a very honorable, but I want to say that it was evident that you could become champions," said Putin, whose words leads RIA "news."
Lose Japanese judo - nothing here there is no libel.
But I am sure that you can do it and win.
Russia's national team at the home World Cup performed much better than a year ago at a competition of this level, held in Rio de Janeiro.
Then in the assets of the Russian team was only three medals - one silver and two bronze.
At the same time, current tournament were Olympic champions Arsen Galstyan and Mansur Isaev.
We all, of course, big.
Yes, I'd like the gold medals.
But let us remember that, if the man in the Olympic cycle in G8 strongest, then he is a potential winner of the Olympics.
Especially in a sport like judo, "summarized the tournament by the RF Minister of Sport Vitaly Mutko at, words which leads the championship.
Japan's national team expected to become better in Chelyabinsk, winning 11 medals of merit, five of which were gold.
The next World Cup will be held next summer in Astana.
To get acquainted with other materials, news and statistics can be on the page of the summer sports.
The family of Joan Riverz hopes for the best
Joan Riverz lies unconscious on arrival at the hospital in New York three days ago, but her daughter expressed the hope today that 81-летняя actress from disease.
"thank you for your continued love and support," said Melissa Riverz in a statement today.
We hope for the best.
Her mother arrived at Mount Sinai Hospital on Thursday after an emergency call that she was stopping Hearts in the clinic on the Upper East Side, Yorkville Manhattan Endoskopi, informed sources.
Doctors intentionally keeping her sedated and under strict supervision, yet they will not respond to her condition, which remains "severe."
The response was wide, including the massed support online from such as Donald Trump, Montel Williams and Kelly Ripa.
All can be kings
The sale of the group's debut album Royal Blood - new hope of British rock, рок-дуэты from clubs straight to stadiums.
The duo Royal Blood all year on stage, but already has started with a BBC Music Prize nomination, tour the openers of the Arctic Monkeys and visit the New York concert from the Jimmy Page.
Their debut self-titled album still for several months to release received 100 thousand, and his major issue lies in the portfolio will contract to Warner Music.
Given the current situation from a won which is making a bad situation worse in the music market, after all, it is not about new Lahn del Rey or regular representative "of the new R 'n' B ', and about the kind of British duo, playing with the level of volume and intensity, that the last time was in vogue a couple of decades ago.
In general, rates on the first album in connection with all circumstances were especially high and have been quite frustrated.
The duo knowingly took his name, on which until then could infringe did that quite desperate hairy metallists, how they think, and what Kings blood flows in their veins, too, is understandable.
It is, of course, primarily about the heroes of the past of Led Zeppelin: like the great quartet, Royal Blood aim to shake blood of British rock, raising it to a new height.
To make predictions about the success of this enterprise until, perhaps, quite early, but some say it can be.
A dozen songs, with small in thirty minutes - this is not so much a demonstration of phenomenal composition gifts, how confident and powerful declaration of intent.
Some of the dignity of the individual and, of course, cannot be denied: say, a pilot single "Out of the Black" is characterized by the fact that it is stored not melodic line and drum party.
Musicians to joke, say that this song is generally easier than.
It is worth to highlight the powerful "Little Monster" and provide its partner album track "Better Strangers" with Shakespearean quote in the title.
However, the truth is that each of these songs would sound perfectly at the party lovers of heavy rock, but while playing in a row they merge into a more or less homogeneous cloth.
And it's not necessarily bad, even to the contrary.
Force of royal blood in that they don't claim to be the new Lennon and McCartney (rather too in successors Motörhead), but have brought numerous рок-дуэты from ghetto инди-клубов.
Their music, despite some variety, created for stadiums, in the building, built less than a couple of thousand people, she obviously closely.
The secret is partly in using the bass, which has replaced the guitar in a familiar format, thought at the beginning of the zero of the White Stripes.
However, it is not just in stocks, but also in the approach to writing songs using.
Heroes Zero with great difficulty beyond postmodern paradigm, with huge reluctance went on then, to recognize ourselves not just and independent creative units.
Royal Blood is now sound so powerfully and boldly that this pressure successfully some and musical material.
Well, after all, who said that the rock should be clever?
Amazon buys Twitch for $1.04 billion
Amazon just confirmed what said information in a Friday morning: items - and, and a hundred other things - buys the service streaming Twitch for $1.04 billion ($US970 million).
The news was not a surprise, because no one expected that Twitch would be sold, but because many expected that YouTube will be the buyer.
Three months ago, the sale of Twitch Google for good billion looked completely finished, and that combination looked natural.
Twitch, which was founded just three years ago as Justin.tv, put the goal be service general nature - version of YouTube in real time.
Instead, he quickly turned into a platform where gamers aired their moments; "YouTube for games in real-time," according to Business Insider.
Interface twitch.
And "Let's play," genre movies, in which give (mostly old) games processing, as in "mysterious" theatre, already popular on YouTube.
The fact is that YouTube is mentioned often, when describing twitch, so news that YouTube Acquires Twitch was greeted without much interest, a classic example of an entrenched technology company, potential competitor.
It is a mystery why the deal with YouTube failed, given that, reportedly, he was willing to pay not less than Amazon.
All, what we have at the moment is a statement from Twitch Chief Executive Officer Emmett legend: "we chose Amazon because they believe in our community, they share our values and long-term objectives, and they want to help us get there faster."
Another mystery, honestly speaking, it is an incredible success of Twitch.
Snob like me, who argue that it would be better to do exercise than to watch it, it is hard to understand the appeal of having to watch the game rather than himself to take in hand the joystick.
It is one thing to look over the shoulder of a friend at 3 a.m., while creeping through Resident Evil, and quite another to look like a total stranger gets 20 shots in the head in a row in Call of Duty.
All the games, which you could look right now.
Another problem is that many of today's most popular games are designed for one person, so to watch them shoot, not controlling the angle of view of itself, can be a recipe for headache, Worthy do it right.
I agree that high-speed passing, in which the Rodger Bennistery of our electronic age complete entire games in record time, entertain.
But if this is not about The Swordsman game or humor, it is unlikely that his Twitch channel will be interesting at all.
But they know skeptics like me?
Twitch had 55 million unique visitors per month, and is the fourth largest source of peak Internet traffic.
How is it that Amazon will work on this?
It is hard to imagine that twitch in Amazon Instant Video as gracefully as YouTube would simply absorb twitch.
However, Twitch has that gladly would have received any company: the crowds of young men dream of advertisers.
As the head twitch said Shear, Amazon and Twitch "both believe in the future of games," and the channel shows no signs of aging, even - oops - as a spectator sport.
As a result of the Terrorist Act in 2004 killed more than 330 people, including 186 children.
More than 800 people were injured.
We spent several days in Beslan.
Talked with the surviving hostages - nearly all students now, with parents of victims, with The Super Cemetery - City of Angels - Ramon Kaspolatovym, head of the Committee of Mothers of Beslan "Susanna Dudievoy, taking part in a sting operation by the ministry," says correspondent of "society" Elizabeth Antonova, serving over.
Already returning to Moscow, met with Aslambekom Aslakhanovym, who 10 years ago was an adviser to the president of the Northern Caucasus and negotiated with terrorists, but also with an officer "in control" of the FSB, Russia's Vyacheslav Bocharov ".
What particularly struck me during the work on this subject - it is something that in Beslan as if there were not these ten years.
This theme is extremely painful for all who have at least some access to her attitude, people struggle to agree to talk about what happened.
Impressions from the trip very heavy.
But forget the Beslan cannot be, and I hope we have coped with his task, "Antonov said.
Prepared studio holding Rambler & Co, which has been working in the company since the spring of this year.
Previous were devoted to the First World War and the 15th anniversary of Vladimir Putin in power.
North Korea carried out the launch of a short-range missile
North Korea has launched short-range missiles in the waters of the Sea of Japan, according to "Renkhap".
The launch was made around 10: 30 a.m. local time from the province Chagang Province, located on the border between North Korea and China.
Presumably, the rocket fell in the Sea of Japan, flying about 220 km, stated in the joint committee of the chiefs of staff of South Korea.
The deputies have proposed to accelerate the entry into force of the Law on Personal Data
In the case of Success initiative, the Russians cannot be stored on servers abroad from January 1, 2015
In the Russian parliament introduced a draft law providing for moving the date of entry into force have already adopted the law on personal data of Russians - since 1 September 2016 on 1 January 2015.
The initiative is at the basis of the legislative activity of the lower house.
Its authors were made by the deputies of the State Duma Vadim Dengin, Yaroslav Nilov (LDPR), Evgeny Fyodorov (United Russia), Vladimir Parakhin ("Fair Russia") and Alexander Yushchenko (CPRF).
Such a change, according to the authors of the initiative, will contribute to a more operational and effective to ensure the rights of the citizens of the Russian Federation to the security of personal data and the protection of privacy of correspondence in информационно-телекоммуникационных networks.
Law, the entry into force of which parliamentarians, obliges store on the territory of the Russian Federation the personal data of Russians, are processed through the Internet.
He also makes mandatory the accumulation of recording, systematisation, storage, refining and extract personal data of citizens of the Russian Federation, in the databases, which are located on the territory of Russia, as well as an indication of information about the location of such databases.
In addition, the law empowers Roskomnadzor right on the basis of the decision of the court to limit access to information, being processed in accordance with the legislation of the Russian Federation in the area of personal data.
The bill also proposes the creation of a so-called "black lists" сайтов-нарушителей - Automated Information System "register of violators of human subjects of personal data."
The law was passed by the State Duma in the summer.
The authors of the bill were Andrei Lugovoi and Vadim Dengin from the LDPR and Alexander Yushchenko from the Communist Party.
And Yushchenko also are one of the authors of the draft law on the relocation of the date of entry into force have already adopted the law.
Those who have data centers in the Russian Federation does not have to pay for the lease of
Commenting on the submitted today to the State Duma a bill the first deputy head of the Duma Committee on Information Policy, Leonid Levin, said he sees no problems for moving the date of entry into force of the law on the protection of personal data.
According to him, the company, which in January 1, 2015 will not be able to have their own repositories of personal data of Russian citizens on the territory of the Russian Federation, will be able to rent them, for example, "If Rostelecom, which have repeatedly said that they are ready to provide their own servers in rent and already provides its servers, the Mail group, the Western companies, which now provide their servers."
"in addition, there are several independent data centers, ready to cooperate in this field," he added.
"if companies decide to implement the law and continue to work on the territory of the Russian Federation, I don't see problems, they will receive technological opportunities for placement," summed up Levin.
A controversial bill
Immediately after the publication of the draft law of the Russian Association of Electronic Communications expressed the fear that in the event the bill Russians will no longer be able to use many of the global Internet services.
In particular, we are talking about services online booking of air tickets and hotels.
According to the association, "the bill deprives subjects of personal data - the citizens of the Russian Federation of the rights to dispose of their own data determining that their account, systematization and so on should be provided only in the databases, which are located on the territory of the Russian Federation."
In a statement RAEK stressed that a more effective measure would be to create a mechanism to inform users about where is the recording, systematisation of his personal data.
In this case he will be able to choose, in any territory specified actions will be performed.
The same kind of draft laws on the "localization" of personal data in other countries has led to global services and care to substantial economic losses.
A test of a bucket instead of icy water jaw
Roberts from Britain so she cried when the head of her village of ice water that damaged the bone structure of the face.
This is the test of a bucket instead of icy water went painfully wrong.
A woman was hospitalized after she shouted during the tests, as well as a bucket instead of ice water that jaw.
Roberts so fiercely she cried when the head of her village of ice water that damaged the structure of the face.
"the water was so cold that I cried, but when I did, my jaw start," she told the Mirror.
Water are poured on the 20-year.
Roberts in seconds before the accident
I was trying to close his mouth, but he's not the tanks, he was stuck, and then to me it's the understanding that something is wrong.
Then to my mum and sister came the same understanding and they started, but I had to urgently carry in the emergency department.
20-year woman from Britain was taken to the hospital, to jaw after participating in the popular hobby - on Tuesday.
The clip became интернет-сенсацией and has been published thousands of times on Facebook and Twitter.
Militias had been handed over to the Ukrainian military of more than 400 prisoners
In "Army Novorossii" argue that shot down a Ukrainian Su-27, and accuse the enemy in violation of the agreement on the ceasefire
Militias as of 10: 00 a.m. on September 1, was handed over to the Ukrainian side 402 captives, 72 of whom were injured as well as the bodies of 35 of the dead servicemen.
This was informed "Interfax" a representative of the press service of "Army Novorossii".
He added that "in the area of settlement Mereshki air defense forces shot down the plane, Su-27 breaks an agreement will of the ceasefire."
As said by the interlocutor of the agency, the Ukrainian side when beginning Luhansk airport used cluster munitions prohibited by international conventions.
A representative of the press service noted that per night managed to damage two helicopter of the Ukrainian air force on one of the field of aerodromes, as well as destroy two of the Hill and two warehouse with ammunition.
"the loss of manpower opponent - up to 100 people killed and wounded, surrendered in a captured 13 people," summed up a member of staff.
Interfax did not have confirmation of this information from Ukrainian sources.
On Sunday armed with formation of "People's Republics" of the Donbas announced the transfer of the Ukrainian side in the framework of respecting the cease-fire 223 captured troops and soldiers of the National Guard of Ukraine.
At the same time the army teach at night, according to the "Army Novorossii", "attempt in violation of previously reached agreements to withdraw from the district environment heavy machinery."
Then the combat militias reported destroying two tanks and two BMP armored infantry vehicles, capturing six tanks and disarmament of 198 soldiers.
According to the headquarters, the total loss of the enemy in all directions (Donetsk, Lugansk, Mariupol) for the night totaled five tanks, eight armoured fighting vehicles, more than 120 people killed and wounded
At the end of last week a group of Ukrainian servicemen was surrounded by the militia in the district of Ilovaisk in Donetsk region.
Russian President Vladimir Putin has asked the management of the "people's republics" to release Ukrainian servicemen from the environment.
To teach agreed to go on this subject the enemy weapons and ammunition.
The first of dozens of troops began to leave the surrounded by settlements on Saturday morning.
According to a commander in the Ukrainian territorial defense battalion "Donbass" seeds Semenchenko, on Sunday night from "boiler" left another 14 people.
In his Facebook Semenchenko wrote that Ukrainian injured are "in the thrall of 137 regiment 32 Division of the Russian Federation and nine armored brigade of the Russian Federation," where is being treated well.
Meanwhile Russia's Foreign Ministry and Defense Ministry refuted reports of Ukrainian military and NATO about the presence of Russian troops in Ukraine.
The Russian foreign ministry: Russia would take retaliatory measures in case the EU's imposition of new sanctions
Russia reserves the right to take retaliatory measures, aimed at protecting their legitimate interests in case of introducing new anti-Russian sanctions, according to the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation.
In the message, the Russian agency says that the "detention" of the European Council of 30 August demonstrated the inability of the EU member states to overcome inertia they support the Kiev authorities.
Brussels continues to insist that Russia is implicated in the situation in the east of Ukraine, relying on "Absolutely assertions about the presence of Russian armed forces on the territory of this country," he said on the website of the ministry.
The Russian foreign ministry expresses regret that Yevrosovet, contrary to the interests of its member states, influenced countries, who are interested in growing confrontation with Russia.
Members Yevrosoveta should call for a peaceful settlement of the conflict in the east of Ukraine, and also to provide the conditions for full "dialogue between the conflicting sides," stressed the office.
Also on the website of the agency noted that there is now no assessments of the humanitarian situation in the Donbas, where unfolded a massive humanitarian catastrophe, as well as increasing the number of victims among the civilian population.
Recall that during the short in the European Union it is planned to develop specific proposals for sanctions against Russia.
At the same time, EU officials have worked closely with American officials.
It is expected that they will correlate between themselves introduced measures for the period of validity and the degree of rigidity.
The new EU sanctions could touch the energy and financial sector.
The Australian government also announced the expansion of sanctions against Russia in the fields of defense, of Finance and the oil and gas industry.
Artful ways to save on university textbooks
The fact is that the cost of university textbooks to many students is more than $1,000 a year, Matt Schroeder, who will soon go on the second course, came up with a clever way to reduce costs.
He developed a system of how to borrow books for rent at, offering them a nominal compensation, so they delayed their sale.
"my textbook on mathematical analysis, which usually costs $180, I got on a semester for $10 and" Chick-fil-A "cookies," says Schroeder, 19, who is studying at Covenant College in Georgia.
The literature on last semester cost would be $430, he said.
He spent $120.
According to the College Board, the average student spends more than $1,200 a year on textbooks and educational facilities, but the students have a number of ways of reducing these costs.
Students increasingly choose online shopping and creative ideas, like Schroeder's system.
Car books is becoming more popular, allowing students to use the book for a semester, and often is substantially cheaper than buying them.
The company "Nibo Inkorporeytid", which owns more than 250 university bookstores, reports that the volume of rental books has grown by half since 2011.
Industry research shows that around a quarter of the books in university bookstores during the past Spring semester were taken for hire, said the vice president "Nibo" Trevor Meyer.
Less than half of all books sold in university bookstores, according to the Professional Association of National Association of University stores. "
Here's the introductory course on the best ways to make a bargain.
Buying in the store
Sometimes, if you get off the Internet, the price on the new book may be one third of that, what you will see in the university bookstore.
The ninth edition of "mathematical analysis" Ron Larson, Bruce Edwards and Robert Khostetlera costs about $290 on the current price list, but the new copy can be purchased for $239,99 on site Chegg.com, which specializes in selling textbooks.
Buying a used
If you don't mind other people's notes or damage, second-hand textbooks is a good option.
"mathematical analysis" sold for $93,49 in form on to Chegg.com.
Matt Kesedey, 25 years, a fourth year student from the University of Brigem Yang, says that on Amazon.com paid 42 cents for a used copy of the textbook "strategic decisions in the media: an understanding of the business side of the advertising business."
The book was sold for $48 a.
Teachers, for instance, Ingrid Breysi, director of the "School Without Walls" at the University of Massachusetts in Emkherste, invites students to check with their professors, not whether to use the previous editions.
Sometimes the updates are insignificant for the classes.
In such cases, the old editions often can be found in a very small fraction of the cost of the latest edition.
In addition to websites Amazon and Chegg, Half.com, owned by eBay Inc., "is a popular alternative to buying second-hand books.
Car
To rent textbooks, should think about that, if you're good enough to deal with them, do not forget to return them and don't want to leave them to themselves after the end of the course.
You can save more than 80% of the value of a new book.
For example, one student was able to hire a "mathematical analysis" in the semester, for about $20.
Check the rules of that store, where you take the book, including any fines, which you can write the notes, underlining and damage.
If you take a book for you, remember: if you don't return the book, fines may even exceed the price of a new copy.
Electronic books
Electronic books instead of traditional textbooks is another option.
Sometimes these books actually charge rent, buying electronic license for a certain period for retailers, such as Amazon.com, Chegg and Barnes & Noble Inc.
Car "mathematical analysis" on the Web site Chegg.com for six months will cost about $61.
Says that students who study literature can often find the most favorable prices, since many of the classic pieces now can be downloaded free of charge, while the literature on natural and engineering sciences can be very expensive.
Despite everything,.
Joe Golt, 29 years old, which is about to begin a study in law school Pepperdin, recommends that you use the ISBN number to find out the price of the book, since it ensures that you are looking for precisely the right you text.
Before you make a booking online, says Golt, be sure to check whether a book is in stock.
Him this lesson of the school was gave uneasily.
The delivery of the book, which he bought, was postponed for four weeks, and, in the end, he paid the full price in the university bookstore.
Putin announced the complete ineffectiveness of the fund for the development of the Far East
Russian President Vladimir Putin at the meeting on issues of state support of the priority investment projects and areas in the Far East, that budget venture-capital fund development of the Far East, created two years ago, inefficient, according to Interfax.
"15 billion rubles, and remained on the deposits," said the president.
In the course of the meeting, the head of state instructed to expedite approval of the list of the areas the anticipatory development of the Far East.
He reminded that the draft of the law needed to create Tor must be introduced in the State Duma this autumn.
Federal Assembly, said the president, until July 1 and have not approved the list of areas the anticipatory development of the Far East, and their criteria.
Vladimir Putin also formulated the basic task to ensure the development of the Far East.
Among them, the increase of transport availability in the region, removing infrastructure restrictions - both on the domestic market and for export development.
Among other things, the necessary to attract additional investment to the region, as well as to form the leading development, which must be competitive in relation to key business centers of the Asia-Pacific region, said the president.
Recall, had previously reported that the territory of the anticipatory development can replace the SEZ.
Why the "Guardians Of The Galaxy" could not save cash charges
"Steal 3" Silvestr Stallone returned less than $30 million of his $90-миллионного budget in the United States, while "Sin City: a woman for whom we should kill" returned only $12 million from its $70-миллионного budget.
"home video" with Cameron Diaz brought only $14.6 million in its first weekend, while children's films, such as "How to Tame a Dragon 2" also are disappointing revenue.
Article film criticism Telegraph Robbie Collines indicates that, when it comes to children's films, perhaps the bad quality of the films themselves.
Collin called 2014 the Year of the "worst" year for history in regard to children's films, and called "How to Tame a Dragon 2" barely "full-fledged" continuation of fantasy.
However, when it comes to movies aimed at an audience a few more older, it appears that the problem is not necessarily the quality of the movies themselves.
In July, Entertainment Weekly compared the average CinemaScore and Metacritic ratings of each film, issued in the car during the summer in an amount not less than 2,000 copies between holiday of Memorial Day in May and July 20, for the 2013 year and for this year.
The results, which take into account the opinion of both Hyds Film critic, suggests that the crop of movies this year are similar in caliber with last year's hits.
Some commentators suggest that it may be in the changing audience habits and the growing popularity of streaming services, such as Netflix.
Director John Favereau, which currently operates over the coming soon in car film "Jungle Book" told the website Hollywood Reporter: "I think times are changing."
We should admit it and not try to chase what it was before.
Unlike the current drop in cash income taxes in Hollywood, Netflix from streaming playback service reached $1.2 billion, almost twice topping figure of $812 million.
Last summer, film director Steven Spielberg criticized studios for what they too rely on the franchise's comic book, and predicted the "demise" of Hollywood.
In light of the current downturn, some commentators argue that in his gloomy was truth.
In connection with the fact that in the summer of 2015 is expected to be out several potential box office hits, including "The Exterminator: Ultron" era, "The Minions" and "park" limestone, other representatives of the film industry are more optimistic.
Producer of "X Men" Simon Kienberg recently called the fall box office numbers simply "", telling The Hollywood Reporter: "next summer will be the most cash in the summer in history, and no one will worry about it."
Food sanctions do not frighten the owners of establishments with Caucasian and Central Asian food, but for the restaurants of European and Japanese cuisine Russian suppliers - this is a bad dream.
And generally catering while prefers to replace blocked imports of products not from Russia, but from Latin America, Israel and China.
"better have cucumber, than bad mozzarella is," distressed by the chef of the Italian restaurant barlotti Mariano Valerio about quality cheeses, which offer to suppliers in return for the Italian.
Mozzarella and cheese Burrata ended in the first restaurant, they have a small shelf.
Stocks Parmesan should suffice for another couple of months.
What to do?
To switch to the Russian?
In 2005, I was at Dorogomilovskom market.
Mariano Valerio makes such eyes, what is clear: shocking memories are not released it so far.
Meat there lay in carts just 30 inches from the floor.
There's also the Cat!
Rats!
Then I said to our restaurant we never will buy nothing on Russian markets.
I don't know, maybe now there, all that changed.
But the other day I brought to sample fish from the Far East.
So it proved!!!!!!!!!
I said that I even don't want to talk with the man who brought us this.
Valerio is surprised that many ordinary FOR ITALY things for the Russian manufacturer in wonder.
A few years ago I was forced to buy the beef.
In Italy meat in refrigeration cell for 10 days when temperature 1-2 degrees.
It should to become soft, so the muscles relaxed.
I've done all of this with the local beef.
Then I asked: where are you took this tender meat?
I say: so this is your Russian!
Why do you have no one doing so?
In five minutes "walk from barlotti in French restaurant Brasserie" bridge "in the kitchen hangs a stop list, in which are listed missing products: French oysters, sea...............
Chef of the restaurant Brasserie "bridge" and bar "Arrow" Rezhis Trigel not so pessimistic mood, as Valerio: oysters from France has already replaced oysters from Tunisia, and instead of French cheese restaurant will buy Swiss.
However, and Rezhis becomes more emotional when it comes to Russian suppliers: "cauliflower is 200 roubles!!!!!!!!!
I ask: "why, on what basis it is worth so much?"
I say: "well, we also need to make money."
But this cabbage should not cost more than 80 rubles!!!!!!!!!
Far Eastern oysters we buy by weight, but they live 15 to 20 years, can you imagine how much weighs their shell?
At the price, it turns out that this.
It seems that Russian suppliers is one of our main sources of scare stories for foreign chefs.
Standard history: "the first three months all was well, then the quality has fallen sharply."
The main claims: Russian suppliers could not sustain stable calibre and quality.
Many European restaurants don't know that with them will be when stocks End Cheese
Photo: Alexander Miridonov, Kommersant
Menu
August 6, President Vladimir Putin signed a decree on the application of specific economic measures to ensure the security of Russia, who is mostly food sanctions.
In the country bans import of beef, pork, meat and semi products of poultry, meat delicacies, fish, shellfish, milk, yogurt, cottage cheese, cheese, vegetables, fruit, nuts, sausage and sugar syrups.
The restaurants began Leapfrog with suppliers: food prices have risen, needs to urgently look for the counterparts of other countries.
Stronger than all this impact on expensive restaurants with of France, Italy, Spain, in which products supplied directly from the "motherships" countries.
Had to re-structure and earlier.
For example, when, at the beginning of 2014, the Rosselkhoznadzor banned imports of Australian beef, and a year earlier - the American and Canadian meat.
In return, providers have adjusted shipments of beef from Argentina, Uruguay and New Zealand.
But sanctions лета-2014 proved to be far more serious.
True, August 20, Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev approved amendments to the presidential decree, which lifted from under the ban Fry Atlantic salmon and trout, milk, seed potatoes, sugar, corn, peas and onions for sowing.
The Italian Valerio hopes that sanctions might even soften.
While the same proportion of restaurants there in terms of uncertainty.
According to the company's "East-West", one of the largest suppliers of Horeca, the proportion of imported products in the premium segment accounted for up to 70%.
"expensive restaurants to change menu under what the produce of local farmers, and other countries," said Sergei Mironov, restaurateur, owner of the agency "Restkonsalt".
If the chef is strong, this will not be a problem for him.
We have only a very few of these chefs, and on the development of a new menu may take two to three months.
From restaurant Brasserie "bridge" to this ready: refuse to be between 10-15% of dishes, even half the menu - recycle.
In restaurants with mixed Kitchen is already beginning to replace dishes, for example steak from marble beef - on Beef Stroganoff, says Sergei Mironov.
"cheese from Europe can be replaced with Russian, Belarusian cheeses, cheese from Serbia, Argentina, Tunisia, Chile," lists the company's "East-West" Oksana Glibchuk.
Cream and dairy products from Europe have analogues in Russia and Belarus.
Chicken from the United States can be replaced by chicken from Russia and Belarus, salmon and salmon from Norway - salmon, trout from Belarus, and Chile.
The lack of European production would be reimbursed by fruits and vegetables at the expense of domestic manufacturers, proposals from Serbia, Moldova and China.
According to Mironov, the budgetary network restaurants up will be easier than a Premium segment: there were hardly gourmets, capable to distinguish Italian mozzarella is from Russian.
Although it's hard to have to establishments Ginza Project, he said.
The Ginza Project several dozen restaurants under different brands and with their menus.
The replacement will take a lot of time, "said Mironov.
In the Ginza from comments have refused, citing the absence of owners in the country.
The owners of Cafe Caucasian and Central Asian Cuisine underscore that products from former Soviet republics European
But a lot and restaurants, which sanctions almost never will.
They include institutions with kitchen CIS: Georgian, Uzbek, Armenian and Azerbaijani.
"the Georgian kitchen no expensive products," said Khatuna Kolbaya, owner of the Georgian restaurant Saperavi and cafe "Vai doe!!!!!!!!!."
All cheeses make for us in Russia, based on many dishes - chicken fillets, exotic greens we don't use. "
In institutions Kolbai not so far removed from the menu of a single cuisine.
Timur Lanskoy, owner of the restaurants' tea houses N1 "with Uzbek cuisine, sanctions not only lamb on: he will have to change too.
Would if Russia generate imports from Uzbekistan, Azerbaijan and Kazakhstan, we even win in price, it will be cheaper for us than imports from Europe, "he says.
From the CIS can be cheaper to get steak, lamb, tomatoes, cucumbers, fruit.
At the same time that they bring from Central Asia, far better than "plastic" from Italy, Spain and Turkey.
About Uzbek tomatoes all know that they are tasty, sweet.
About the Spanish No one says so.
After the sanctions representative Minselvodkhoza Uzbekistan Olimboy Artykov said that plans to increase export products to Russia doubled to 2016.
About his intention to replace the European imports in Russia almost immediately after the sanctions said Belarus and Kazakhstan.
Restaurants, who responded to a request for "Fast Money," also quite calmly respond to sanctions.
Press service of the McDonald's said that localization exceeds 85% and Network works with 160 Russian suppliers.
According to Tatyana Bogdanov, director of the department on work with suppliers subway England, about 80% of the Food Network buys in Russia, although there may be temporary difficulties with the supply of vegetables, and higher prices for meat products that are manufactured from imported raw materials.
In "Teremke" "" products in general were not more than 4%.
Not discussed sanctions and "Vokker".
KFC, Burger King and "little potato" on request "money" not answered, other market participants argue, however, that the degree of localization of Burger King is substantially less than that of McDonald's.
In the absence of Norwegian fish Restaurateur ready to buy the Chilean rather than Russian our excellent
On his
Meanwhile Restaurateur complain that because of the increase in demand, prices are rising even on local products.
"on products for" rakes "prices have risen on average by 10-15%, for an Italian restaurant" cherry M & E "- twice," says restaurateur novel Rozhnikovskiy.
Even in Georgian restaurants cost dishes rise by 5-10%, admits Kolbaya.
"East-West" this does not deny: "for example, the Belarusian dairy products since the beginning of August has grown in price by 10 to 15 percent."
"Brazilian suppliers raised prices of pork almost doubled," complained Sergei Cancer, deputy director general of "Stardogs".
Legs chicken prices by 35%.
Expect prices from China, they can hot Brazilian head.
In the near future in "Stardogse" is planned to increase prices by 8 per cent.
Now and so very undesirable to raise prices, "says the cancer.
According to statistics, the growth of revenues catering for the second quarter of 2014, just 1.8%.
This is the smallest rate since 2010.
Retail prices will rise further, he admits, but it is unclear how quickly: while most restaurateurs products for the next two months, hoping to ride out changes in purchase prices.
But that will be in two months, nobody knows.
On a square in front of Moscow's city hall is worth a dozen tents complete, decorated green and tree.
In the center of the stage, the musicians play a waltz.
It is a festival of regional foods with the funny name "have time to eat."
"we generally have long wanted to do a celebration of local food, and then just sanctions, we hastened, organized a festival," said one of the organizers.
Behind the scenes with the musicians повар-грек Anastas prepares salad of pasta and homemade chocolates, the other day was a master class on cooking with borshch apples.
All of Russian products, claim the organisers.
In tents - Exhibition of Achievements of the national economy.
Honey from Bashkiria, venison from Salekhard, vegetables from "state farm outside Moscow called" Lenin, cheeses from the Italian Jay Klose.
"salmon for restaurants you can easily substitute other fish of salmon kinds from the Far East," says the owner of a fishing shop "their people" Philip Galkin.
We are catching, Ketu Coho salmon - "Royal Salmon."
Yes, they're not fat, such as Norwegian salmon, because it is wild fish.
Norwegian salmon is the same aquaculture.
It in your hands - he's not even moving.
As our Far Eastern SURE YOU IN THE HANDS NOT.
Only institution without special claims agree to replace Italian mozzarella is patriotic
In the shop window of his marquee lie prawns with "Magadan" with Crimea, geological, Muksun, cod, mussels, scallops from the Far East.
Galkin is confident that it is time to move on to fish from the Far East.
According to statistics, catch fish in Russia in 2013 - More than 4 million tons, a significant part of the fish takes in Japan, Korea, and even in the United States.
Imports of fish in 2013-м - about 800 thousand tons.
Shop "their people" working in 2012, sells fish through the online store, and the sanctions served even one and a half dozen restaurants, such as "simple things."
Now to Galkin received another application from 15 restaurants.
Those same sushi could be done from our fish, "he.
We, tried various recipes.
Sushi now sell through online store on a million rubles per month.
Our fish cheaper in a few times, and delivery is a maximum of 15 rubles per kilogram.
The confirmation in the marquee competition started I cooked portion of "Philadelphia" with Ketoy.
In contrast to these are longer rolls with'll chew, but consciousness that this fish, patriotic, gives our forces.
On the website of the stalls "their people" have even roll from Halibut and sea perch.
In суши-барах, however, replace Norwegian salmon prefer.
Galkin explains that Chef laziness to invent new recipes with the Far East fish.
"Russian fish suppliers to us while not offered," gives his explanation for the killfish bar owner Dmitri Evseev.
Approximately the same situation is with other products: Russian producers could take all niche, but this is not the case.
According to the founder and co-owner of Lavkalavka Boris Akimova, now we can talk more about eliminating imports from Europe and America's imports from China, Israel and Latin America.
There have large transnational corporations, which have a powerful logistics and big volumes.
They are able to quickly replace blocked imports in contrast to our farmers.
Then there's the ban would benefit primarily the large producers of other countries, "Akimov said.
However, in the last month of the restaurant industry has received and more alarming than food sanctions.
As a result of mass unscheduled inspections by Rospotrebnadzor, was temporarily suspended the operations of three McDonald's in Moscow and two regional companies in Stavropol and Yekaterinburg.
"we are studying the essence of the claimed claims to determine the steps necessary to expedite the opening of restaurants for visitors," said "money" in the press service of McDonald's.
In fact, no one knows what will happen next.
If all limited to food with sanctions, is one option that you can survive, "he said on condition of anonymity, an employee of the company, a restaurant consulting.
If the same would begin to close the McDonald's across the country, the scenario will be very different.
"Yevroprotokol" instead help traffic police
Payments on Casco can receive without the help of traffic police - as the central bank intends to stimulate the implementation in Russia "".
The Bank of Russia has developed the draft guidance, according to which, from 1 September this year to receive payments on Casco insured Avtomobilist can do without the help of traffic police.
This, however, is only about those cases, when the accident was framed by "" without the participation of the traffic police.
That is, if the accident involved two cars, not only physically affected persons, damage does not exceed the prescribed limit and both drivers have reached agreement on the question of who the culprit of the accident.
With the August 2 limit payments on "" is 50 thousand rubles, and on 1 October in Moscow, St. Petersburg, as well as in the Moscow and Leningrad regions he will be upgraded to 400 thousand rubles.
The bottom line is that sometimes, even with minor damage, in a situation when an accident can arrange for "", drivers caught in the accident, the cause of the SDP.
After all, if there is a policy to receive a refund on it without the help of traffic police was not to be.
Options laid out in the draft guidelines, as the times and are designed to eliminate this obstacle in the way of implementing "" in Russia.
According to them, the maximum payout for Casco formed without employees in connection with the accident, traffic police, should not be lower than the limit on "".
But at the same time, she can't be, and above the limit specified in the contract of insurance Casco.
The idea, of course, useful and theoretically able to unload DPS officers, as well as the roads.
But, most likely, from her not come to the delight of motorists, nor insurers.
The past is already talking about a serious threat to the growth of fraud that could lead to the introduction of new rules on payments by Casco.
As for the drivers, it is hard to imagine what kind of work will have to be done to overcome Russian conservatism.
In most cases, the driver would be hours to wait for the inspectors, to make a small accident, because it is so reliable.
And yet it is not known what will be easier - win fraudsters or convince drivers in "reliability."
Savings certificate will be registered and
The finance ministry wants to ban savings certificates into bearer, but will allow banks to make them an analogue contribution.
The Finance Ministry is preparing a bill that would prohibit savings certificates into bearer.
Lately, this tool is gaining popularity, as rates here are higher than on bank deposits.
The point is that savings certificates into bearer will not get in a system of deposit insurance and the bank they are cheaper, because you don't have to make payments to the fund at the Deposit Insurance Agency (DIA).
Situation in that this step is taken, because small and medium-sized banks, which distribute such certificates, and Sberbank will suffer from it and the Bank of Moscow, according to Dia, which control 98 percent of the level of the market.
With a share of the Bank of Moscow, according to the agency's estimates, is about 3.5%.
The problem, explains in the DIA, lies in the fact that a small bank customers, who have bought such a certificate, in case of license revocation if they try to get money in the DIA.
Some depositors, not having sufficient financial literacy and buying savings certificates into bearer, may assume that their investments are insured.
Informed of the lack of insurance payments on these certificates in case of license revocation the bank can lead to misunderstandings and social tensions.
In practice, the agencies were cases, when holders Certificates tried to collect the insurance compensation through the courts, "said the DIA.
The problem, of course, made-up.
In fact pay buyers certificates still nobody will, because they legally had no right to compensation from the state.
If the case was that the tool was not insured at DIA, together with him would be banned and the metal accounts, on which means citizens are counted in grams of one of the four metals - gold, silver, platinum and palladium.
Because these accounts do not fall in the deposit insurance system, but on their existence until nobody encroaches.
The point, rather, is that the bearer certificates are a very convenient valuable paper, which actually can act as.
At the same time, their movement almost defies control: any customer of the bank may buy a certificate, to transfer to any citizen, and before cashing such a certificate can change a multitude of hosts.
It is not by chance that the bill spelled out that savings certificate should be necessarily a valuable paper, which must be stored in the depository.
And to sweeten the pill, such banks are allowed to issue certificates without right of early redemption.
That have introduced similar deposit, on which a long time dream of bankers.
NATO summit: the first protests in Nyuporte and Cardiff
At the weekend over the protests of those who opposed the NATO summit in Newport.
On Saturday, hundreds gathered in the centre of Newport for march against Nato.
And on Sunday about 150 people gathered at the Town Hall in Cardiff Cardiff on what was described as.
Stephen Feyrklau was for us for the development of events over the weekend and talked with the protesters, who had come from everywhere: from Bridgend to Belgium.
Germany will send to Iraq 30 anti-tank complexes
Germany will supply weapons to Iraq to counter the militants from the Islamic State terrorist group "" on August 31, the Itar-Tass news agency reported, citing a decision taken after a meeting of the representatives of the government of the Federal Republic of Germany led by Chancellor Angela Merkel.
It is reported that Germany will send to Iraq 30 shoulder-fired anti-tank missile complexes, "Milan" and 500 charges to him, as well as 8 thousand assault rifles and a G3 G36.
The delivery will be carried out before the end of September.
In addition, a decision to allocate Iraq an additional 50 million euros in humanitarian aid.
On September 1st, Mrs Merkel will address the Bundestag with government statement on this subject.
So far, Germany has not supplied its weapons in "hot spots."
Opinion of the residents of Germany about sending Iraqis weapons were divided.
Some believe that the only way to stop the fighters from the "Islamic State," others fear that these weapons could eventually fall into the hands of terrorists.
Militias destroyed so Ukrainian patrol boat in the Sea of Azov
Donetsk militias destroyed so Ukrainian patrol boat in the Sea of Azov, 31 August, ITAR-TASS reported.
According to available data, this happened in Taganrog Bay near human settlements Shirokino and Bezymennoe (10-20 km to the east of Mariupol).
A number of Ukrainian mass media inform about the beginning of the two boats of the Coast Guard.
Adding that the incident occurred at around 16: 20 Moscow time.
The teenagers were taken by helicopter from the Blue Mountains
Two подростка-бушуокера were delivered by helicopter to a safe place after a night, anchored in the Blue Mountains of New South Wales.
La 16enne girl and 18-year-old young man went on a hike shortly after midday on Sunday in Govetts limes in Blekkhite.
Worried about relatives called police about 8 p.m., when they had not returned home.
Was sent to the search group, which included local police and a rescue squad, and a couple have found about 11 p.m. near the waterfall Braydal Weil.
A damaged knee, and a young man had fallen and hurt his head.
Officers stayed with the couple for the night, and raised them on on Monday morning.
Them taken away in an ambulance in a stable condition in hospital blue Mauntinz.
Met two union
The talks at the summit in Minsk have not solved the problems for which were convened, but gave rise to a new format: the first face of the European Union met with the leaders of the future the Eurasian
Let and the disturbing about (the situation around Ukraine's very urgent does not tolerate), the leaders of the EU and a customs union for the first time discussed a number of "hot issues."
Whether this structure is able to work effectively, it is unclear; but it is clear who took the cream from that summit.
Questions on this score fell away on the evening of August 26, when the Belarusians, and followed them and other with Europeans saw television news in May of a new President Lukashenko.
The Belarusian leader showed an example of polished courtesy, this was the behaviour of a man who just took off the jackpot - and is planning a decent old age in high society.
As Maidan Lukashenko helped
Arrival in Minsk just three main European Commissioners (EU) ministers, who met with Lukashenko and have allowed him to speak at the final briefing on their behalf - not merely legitimizing President with 20 years of experience.
This is an application for recognition of a sovereign European policy and a major mediator of the Ukrainian crisis.
Senior analyst with the Belarusian Institute for Strategic Studies Denis Melyantsov sure: from now on, Brussels can't already speak with Minsk in the same tone as before.
"what Catherine Ashton, met face to face with Lukashenko, gives reason to believe that the relationship with the EU will be" Ogonku "and further," he said.
There is a hidden part of this tip of the iceberg: preparations for the breakthrough of Belarusian authorities began long before November Maidan in Kiev - Summer 2013-го.
"the results were achieved and with the EU is a successful negotiations on the simplification of the visa regime and readmission, dialogues about modernization," lists the interlocutor "pinpoints of light twinkled," - and with the US were held talks on international security.
States even lifted some sanctions.
As for the Ukrainian events, then they themselves and their reaction to the leadership of Belarus only invoked another influx of this process.
Minsk, on the one hand, managed to keep relations with Ukraine is warm enough, to not lose much in mutual trade, and President Poroshenko could arrive in Belarus for talks.
On the other hand, the Belarusian leader, which de jure do not recognize the annexation of Crimea to Russia and called for punishing pro-Russian militias in the Donbas, not with all the rigor and quarreled with Moscow.
Minsk has not emerged from the Customs Union, nor of the CSTO, and in Baranovichi is a Russian air base.
Brussels and Washington have noticed a balanced position of Minsk to the Ukrainian issue - and appreciated her, confident Belarusian experts.
How successful will the movement of Lukashenko to political diversification, will be seen by how often composed in the near future can have the opportunity to take the format in meeting EU + ts.
The press service of the EU High Representative on foreign policy and diplomacy Catherine Ashton failed to promptly respond to questions about what Brussels expects from the relationship in the new format.
A spokesman for Ashton Maya Kosyanchich "Ogonku" only said that against the background of tackling issues of war and peace, this issue is not a priority.
At the same time, there have been reports that the next meeting place on Ukrainian issue with the participation of top officials of the new format could become and Kazakhstan.
Straw tar for Minsk was a statement by President Nursultan Nazarbayev, in which he admitted that about this, it turns out, personally asked representatives of the EU.
Nevertheless, at the final briefing Alexander Lukashenko made clear: not all the parties opposed to the Minsk remained central platform for meetings in россия--обсе--украина format, as well as at the level of heads of state and the High Representatives of the European Commission.
This means that "Europe's last dictator" acquires the status of quite European leader who helps to solve a global problem.
The best friend of the European farmer
Already the EU delegation, which included on trade and energy, the exhortation to the conclusion: the main underlying reason the summit is not the tragic situation in the Donbas, and the economy.
In fact, on meeting the schedule of future negotiations on gas supplies and to overcome the fear of the CU on Ukraine's association agreement with the EU looks like an achievement more large-scale than peace declaration without specific dates and numbers.
Trade Commissioner Karl De Gyukht, nevertheless, outlined: representatives of the EU "arrived in Minsk to seek solution to the political crisis which has economic consequences, and not vice versa."
It seems, however, that the economy and the crisis in Ukraine "works" in Belarus.
Its consequences - and primarily mutual sanctions from the West and Russia - give Minsk, which is itself experiencing pressure, the long-awaited margin for maneuver.
According to the head of Scientific Research Mises Center, a former presidential candidate in Belarus, Yaroslav Ramanchuk, European investors are actively interested in opportunities of Belarus for the supply of agricultural products in the Russian Federation in bypassing sanctions.
At the same time, any scheme delivery, for which Vladimir Putin at summit Minsk.
"the initiators of those schemes," said Romanchuk "Ogonku" - are not Belarusian businessmen and Russian companies.
They long practised schemes of deliveries of goods, including from Poland, Germany, Lithuania, and today the scheme destroyed.
Russian business badly needs to somehow restore them, even through the mediation of the Belarusian authorities.
The second story, "the expert continues," is connected with the fact that many Ukrainian companies are not willing to establish production in Belarus from Ukrainian raw materials also with orientation on the Russian market.
The Ukrainian manufacturers of about 4 billion dollars of exports to Russia, and the Belarusian производственно-торговые schemes now may prove to be very popular. "
According to Ramanchuk, a host site for the role of EU negotiations and the tC is ideal for Lukashenko and from the point of view of the development of economic ties with Europe.
He recalls that the loss of the agricultural sector of the EU sanctions against Moscow are estimated at 10 billion euros, while the European Commission currently proposed only 125 million euros compensation.
Belarusian president could offer to Brussels to work together to minimize the consequences for.
This could raise the authority of Lukashenko in the EU to unprecedented heights.
Hospitality without initiatives
Catherine Ashton thanked the Belarusian authorities for the initiative to hold the summit.
But the paradox is that the official Minsk from his active role in the birth of the Cu + EU format, and the Belarusian leader in meeting with a Ukrainian counterpart emphasized that the initiator of a new format and it was Kiev.
"it was your proposal to gather, without any Associação Naval 1º de Maio discuss, not with бухты-барахты decide, after the signing of the association agreement with the EU, to understand the situation, which at that moment was in the Ukraine," he said in front of cameras to Peter Poroshenko.
However, observers interpreted it as an attempt to placate Moscow, rumor has it that she was originally against the mediation of Minsk, which greatly increases his political weight.
The Belarusian diplomatic office carefully stress that Belarus when the organization of interaction between the EU and the vehicle on their own land are not pursuing lucrative goals, and the ultimate goal of such format in future - the creation of a single economic space from Lisbon to Vladivostok.
"it's absolutely in the spirit of those concepts, which in other areas, in particular in the field of security, puts and promotes the leadership of our strategic ally - the Russian Federation," said "Ogonku" in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Belarus, department, where in recent years painstakingly pick words.
In the Moscow area can appear with paid-for service entry
The Moscow city government is considering the option of introducing zones with paid entry as a method of combating central roads similar to other major cities of the world, transmits м24.ru citing Moscow on issues of transport, Maxim Liksutova.
One of the variants, which successfully has proved, is paid the entry.
This expert opinion, we will examine it, take a look at all of the cons and pros.
To say that on this occasion taken any decisions until early, "said Liksutov.
Stressed that for the authorities of the capital is very important experience of Asian cities, which in structure and load similar with Moscow.
One of the decisions taken in these countries, is already exercised by the construction of central beltway, added Liksutov.
Recently began construction of the central ring road is an example of that, that is not necessarily the whole traffic pass through Moscow.
If there was sufficient infrastructure Detour, you don't need to have transit traffic in Moscow, "said.
Maxim Liksutov also said that the introduction of paid parking substantially metropolitan streets.
And, according to him, the capital authorities do not plan to stop here.
Let's remind, on August 26, the mayor of the Russian capital, Sergei Sobyanin participated in the ceremony of laying of the first starting complex central Moscow Ring Automobile Road (TsKAD).
Boredom
Film of Frank Miller and Robert Rodriguez, "City грехов-2: woman, for which it is committed not to kill" the revolution, which you would expect from him.
The first "Sin City" (2005), made with minimal, but symbolic, participation of Quentin website, made a revolution in the relationship between the movies, comic books and literary Film Noir.
The sequel, too, in its own way: in the sense that it destroys a fundamental to modern thinking chain "thesis -" synthesis "(if you understand the thesis universe Film Noir, and under the antithesis - Cosmos comic).
Now it should read: "thesis -" Chaos. "
"the city грехов-2" chaotic and at, and on the philosophical level, both times he chaotic in a bad mood, sense of the word.
Yes, some of the characters are familiar for the first "city," though, that is, destroyed Marv (Mickey Rourke), I remember, had finished the life of the electric chair, but here, nothing, and only have time - in the role of such popular - from air knives and other axes with.
But old people literally elbows newcomers like in the city from some other movie, about the sense and plot of which viewers are asked not to worry.
Thus, its own history, shamelessly authors on the very interesting place, at player Johnny (Joseph гордон-левитт).
Of their own - the похотливо-фригидной Eve Lord (Eva Green) and, for something as the avenging her Dwight (Josh Brolin).
But this confusion, in which Dwight, say, a person cannot distinguish from Johnny, the more that person, as well as other body parts, characters demolishing with unforgiving regularity, is not a problem and not even only half the problem.
It's not people, we also understand that it is feared Film Noir: the fatal, too, a confident player, in "Medow trap" sex detective, corrupt упырь-сенатор.
Well, when archetype with archetype and archetype, then this is not the movies, and read that an abstract painting.
A set of abstract painting, questions about the logic of the story is simply ridiculous.
Moreover, even in this world have something permanent.
Combat whores from the first "city" still keep circling the wagons from their native slums of the forces of darkness.
Yes, and the ghost of Detective Khartigana no, yes and came to light, and for Bruce Willis it's always nice to watch.
The main problem "city грехов-2" lies elsewhere.
Frank Miller was so good that as talented joined comics and noir, but as a director - turned the notion, as moving comics to the screen.
Comic and noir - two aggressively opposing "reality."
The phenomenon of the comic in the modern form was born in the late 1920 "s, then, when novels Deshila Hammett" Bloody Harvest "(1929)," The Maltese Falcon "(1930) and" The Glass Key "(1931) created a canon Film Noir, former then hard-boiled school -" a school. "
Well or pulp fiction.
Comics gave many dozens of Hollywood heroes: from Pop - spinach, giving him Bogatyr strength, Superman, Batman and Dick Tracy to Hulk, Thor, Spider-Man and other "The Exterminator".
But in any movie based on a comic book was something: painted characters has not wished to on-screen flesh remained surrounding them willy-nilly in the "real" world.
Simply put, they were outright denied "".
Germany, by contrast, the most existential genre of world literature.
After the World Wars, the traditional novel - with experiences and personalities, family scandals and historical backdrop - has lost all credibility.
What Foresight what Thibaw Min and ругон-маккары, which even Bolkonskie and attended at all after Counts of Verdun, Auschwitz and Hiroshima?
This novel peacefully mutated into the format of the soap opera was, as the criminal - that is, by definition, marginal - the novel rose to the level of philosophical prose.
Hammett at their skin Unlicensed assistive personnel learned what it is to work at the front.
He was a communist.
As, by the way, were, at the very least, close to the Communist Party and such pillars of the genre as writers Horace McCoy and Jim Thompson, directors Jules Dassin and Joseph Louzi, Edward Dmitrik.
However noir, an archetype of which they asked, first, cruel and cynical, and the second is the purely social.
It is almost never an American version of socialist realism.
The first "Sin City" was remarkable for the fact that desperate, but organically joined comics with Film Noir.
For the first time in the comic screen came alive, isn't constrained their graphic nature, and not pretending "real" movie.
Darkness corrupt world, where the cardinal ordered the killings, but Senator wrapped monstrous сына-садиста, was quite worthy of the pen Hammett.
And picturesque details such as cut heads, which Bully feather his nest, the genius of James Ellroy, the author of "black orchids" and best - i.e. declarations - representative.
"the city грехов-2" - it's not even retreat, and the capitulation of the radical style миллера--родригеса before tradition of comic.
Probably, in large part it happened because the 3D technology.
When you see the second "Sin City," you feel a prisoner in a glass ball inside which snow falls asleep make a fake.
However, often it is not the snow, and bloody, but by and large, what's the difference?
Well as about sociality and say nothing.
After all, she is only possible when somewhere, in some places we have at times, albeit on the sidelines dirty swamps, but there are the normal world, where you can bring the curve track girl or, say, say parents that her ruined punished.
When the same in Sin City, there is no place for anything except sin and грех-то already no is not a sin, but the norm.
Boring, like any norm.
Chaos "of грехов-2" simply dull. "
Justice for the sake of domestic car enshrined this sin a small, but.
Titles warning: contains harmful smoking scenes in the movie.
Toward, in the episode which man break fingers, it gives an infernal humor.
Hammett would have liked.
France's Socialists should "shut up and lead France in order," says a key ally of Hollande's Frasua
Mr. Vall urged deeply leftist forces "to demonstrate the warm attitude" to a prisoner who has undergone attacked президенту-социалисту, whose permutations don't have approval from the vast majority of the French.
The president deserves the respect of everyone, he deserves our loyalty, he deserves our support.
"it is our duty to stay close to him," he said, prompting applause.
In a gesture of reconciliation, the prime minister insisted that his government will not put into question the disputed 35-часовую working week in France, despite incite conflict of proposals, it should loosen rules made Emmanuel Macron, new economy minister, earlier this week.
On Saturday Mr Hollande pleaded with his comrades in the Socialist Party to remain "united" with the government.
However, Christian Tobira, Minister, put a stick in the wheel, having come to a meeting of the dissenting members of parliament from the Socialist party and after bitterly criticising the Socialist Party for what it allowed the French "lose faith in the future."
Marine Le Pe, the leader of the far-right National Front, expressed contempt for the constant internal conflicts among the Socialists, saying that it not is that the new government Vallya lasts longer than a few months.
Francois Hollande - a naked king, but naked and Prince Manuel Vall, forced to assemble a new government, when the former was maintained and not summer.
"and the new, too, have not last autumn or winter," Mrs. Le Pen told reporters.
She repeated her party's call for the dissolution of parliament, saying that she believes that the party could easily win on an early election and is ready to govern.
France's ruling party suffered a defeat in the March municipal elections and the far-right National Front came first in the European elections in May.
The Sunday Journal du Dimanche survey found that 76 percent of the French believe that the Socialist Party is in danger of unravelling on several factions before the end of the presidency, Mr Hollande in 2017.
Pascal with Perrineau, the political scientist from the University of Syans, warned that the French will lose patience quickly if the new Socialist government will not be able to improve the economy and record unemployment.
"he has a little time, but public opinion must feel that something is changing quickly," he warned.
Otherwise, the situation could become even worse.
"the City Without Drugs" remained without a lawsuit
Sverdlovsk Arbitration Court left without consideration of the lawsuit Regional Directorate of the Ministry for the management of to fund "The City Without Drugs."
Office intended to recover from the more than 7 million rubles as payment for the lease of a building in the center of Yekaterinburg.
However, the complainant twice failed to show up in court.
Today, the Arbitration Court of the Sverdlovsk region left without consideration of the Executive Directorate of the Ministry for the management of state property in the region (MUGISO) to fund "The City Without Drugs" (one of the founders - the mayor of Yekaterinburg Eugene Royzman).
Representatives of regional authorities intended to collect from the 7.3 million rubles as payment for lease of the building.
Today, it became known that the plaintiff twice failed to show up in court, and because of what it was decided to refuse the inspection.
The reason for the absence of representatives from the Directorate of MUGISO clarify failed, the head of the legal department at Maxim Titov had not responded to phone calls.
With representatives of the fund also could not be contacted.
Remember, we are talking about the mansion, which has been held by the fund in the city centre on the street Belinschi, 19 on a gratuitous basis since 2011.
Such a decision was taken экс-губернатором Alexander Misharin.
In November 2012 directorate of the Ministry for the management of state property of the Sverdlovsk region filed a lawsuit in the Sverdlovsk arbitration court about the fund's eviction from the building.
According to the suit, the agency required a court to recognize not made contract gratis a особняка-памятника.
According to the Directorate of MUGISO, in agreement were not recorded significant conditions on the lease of an object of cultural heritage.
Sverdlovsk Arbitration Court lawsuit dismissed, then he has filed an appeal in the 17th Arbitration court of the perm, which was satisfied.
Then, in the same court, the foundation filed an appeal on this decision, which was left without a meeting, after which the decision was appealed in the Supreme Arbitration Court, but the court took the side of the directorate.
In 2013, has signed a new lease agreement, under which the foundation began paying rent again, about this telling the head of Eugene Royzman.
The rent was appointed 300 thousand rubles a month.
The previous administration of the area handed us this building in royalty-free use by recognizing our contribution in the fight against drugs, in a sign of respect to the fund.
The current administration decided differently, "he said.
Tatiana Drogaeva, Yekaterinburg
Why the mayor of Yekaterinburg offered to leave voluntarily
On July 24, a deputy municipal Yekaterinburg Alexander Kosintsev suggested the city's mayor - Speaker municipal Eugene Royzmanu resign.
The occasion was a criminal case against the arrested on suspicion of the murder of deputy municipal Oleg Kineva, is considered an associate of the mayor.
As Eugene Royzmanu found a criminal case
On July 1, became aware of a criminal investigation into the "slander" (Article 128.1 Criminal Code of the Russian Federation) in a blog post of mayor of Yekaterinburg Eugene Royzmana.
It was reported in GU MVD in the Sverdlovsk region, where turned with an appropriate statement, general director of the legal center for "protection" "Anna Filatov.
According to her, Mr. Royzman accused her in their entries on a blog that she is implicated in crimes that allegedly made her former spouse.
The mayor of Yekaterinburg is convinced that "this is yet another attempt to avenge the truth."
The iPhone will make in purse
In the run-up to September 9, when Apple is expected to introduce its new development, new leaks in the press are all about what we can expect from the presentation.
With a reference to sources of American media report that the sixth generation iPhone will be equipped with a mobile wallet function as a result of a joint project of Apple and payment systems VISA, MasterCard and American Express.
According to Bloomberg, and a specialized Internet resource Re / code, the presentation of new products on September 9, Apple also may announce a joint project with Visa, MasterCard and American Express, resulting in a new smartphone, the iPhone 6 will feature a mobile wallet is available.
The companies disclaim any comments on this matter.
This feature allows you to make a payment to the ticket office of the shop with the help of a smartphone.
Identification of the payment would be made by a user on his fingerprint using Touch ID feature.
It is reported that the iPhone will be the first built into the NFC (Near Field Communication) technology, which allows users to make contactless payments using a smartphone and corresponding device at the cash desk.
The technology of NFC itself will be available through special Microprocessor from Dutch high-tech company NXP, formerly Philips Semiconductors).
For the first time the NFC feature was introduced back in 2004 in the framework of cooperation of Sony, Nokia, Philips Semiconductors, and more than 100 other companies included in the so-called NFC Forum - the Association for the advancement of this technology.
The first phone with NFC was launched by Nokia in 2006.
The first smartphone on the Android with the function of the NFC - the Samsung Nexus S - was introduced in 2010.
In May 2011 Google introduced Google Wallet, which allows users to strap system bank cards to their Google account, and pay the price with the help of smartphone to Android.
However, American experts emphasize that, despite large investments in high-technology companies promoting the technology of NFC, American retailers still are cautious about such a system and not too willing to spend money on equipment of its stores of such systems.
However, for now, observers are hoping that Apple's entry into the market it will force retailers to accelerate and intensify their efforts to implement this technology in their retail outlets.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of France: the position of Paris about supplies in Russia "Mistral" does not change
Spokesman of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of France Romen Nadal said about the unchanged position of Paris to supply Russia "type Mistral.
"I can recall the statement of the president of the Republic (François Hollande), made them in an interview with newspaper Le Monde dated 20 August:" today, the sanctions do not prevent the delivery.
It is the Europeans, Not France "" - cites Mr. Nadal "RIA Novosti."
As a representative of the French foreign ministry responded to a question about whether the deteriorating situation in Ukraine, will have no impact on the change of the position of Paris on the execution of this contract
Read more about supplying IN RUSSIA PLEASE READ in Story magazine "The Light" "" Mistral "almost our."
The National Security Council of Ukraine: over the past 24 hours in the area of the operation killed seven soldiers
Ukraine's National Security and Defense Council spokesman Andriy Lysenko said that over the past 24 hours in the area of the fighting in the east of the country killed seven Ukrainian soldiers, another 25 were wounded.
The situation under Ilovayskom extremely difficult.
Until then, until the operation is completed the withdrawal of troops from the entourage, details will not.
Upon completion of the transaction will be made public data about the losses and the reasons for the current situation.
Perpetrators in the event such a situation will bear the responsibility, "added Mr Lysenko, refusing to discuss in more detail the situation under Ilovayskom, where several Ukrainian battalions fall into the environment.
According to the representative of the minister, "done all we can to return the soldiers who found themselves in captivity," the Itar-Tass news agency reported.
Mr Lysenko also said that Ukrainian military pulled back from Luhansk airport in the direction of settlement Georgievka.
Read more about the situation in the east of Ukraine in material "Kommersant" "Arsen Avakov: the first Ukrainian military left the neighborhood under Ilovayskom".
Norwegian Cruise is approaching $3-миллиардной deal with Prestige Cruises
Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd nchl.o, the third largest cruise operator in the world, is in the final stage of talks on the purchase of a similar company Prestige Cruises International Inc for about $3 billion, according to people familiar with the situation.
The deal would provide Norwegian cruise company with a market $6.8 billion, access to ships of the class "lux" and provided customers with Prestige Cruises, as it competes with larger rivals, Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd (RCL.N) and Carnival Corp (CCL.N).
The agreement could be announced as early as this week, sources said on Sunday, warning that the talks could still fail.
The owner of Prestige Cruises, private investment firm Apollo Global Management LLC (APO.N), also owns 20 percent of the shares in Norwegian cruise.
The sources asked to remain, because the talks are not public.
Representatives of the Norwegian cruise and Prestige Cruises has not responded to requests for comment, while a spokesman for Apollo declined to comment on the information.
Norwegian cruise, based in Miami, runs 13 cruise ships on routes, covering North America, the Mediterranean, the Baltic Sea, Central America and the Caribbean.
Its revenue amounted to $2.57 billion in 2013, 13 per cent more than in 2012.
Prestige Cruises, also based in Miami, operates under the brands of Oceania and Regent, which together hold eight cruise ships that go to Scandinavia, Russia, the Mediterranean, North America, Asia, Africa and South America.
It said income in the $1.2 billion in 2013, a 6 per cent higher than a year earlier.
It is expected that the $29-миллиардной cruise industry favorably be reflected in subsequent years, the growth of the middle class in emerging economies, such as China and India.
Of the race are keen to present itself as a cruise operators, preferred these new customers.
Prestige Cruises was incorporated into U.S. regulatory bodies for the initial public offering of shares in January 2014.
Apollo become a major shareholder in the company after the $850-миллионной deal in 2007.
Norwegian Cruise was established in the form, as it exists now, in 2000, as a result of the merger with Genting Bhd (GENT.KL), Conglomerate entertainment and casino operator, controlled by Malaysian billionaire Lim Kok Thea.
Apollo invested $1 billion in Norwegian cruise in 2008.
Norwegian cruise turned into a public company in January 2013.
Genting owned shares at 28 per cent, Apollo owned shares at 20 percent, and the private investment firm TPG Capital LP owned 8 percent of shares in the company, according to data at the end of June, according to the report.
Carnival, Royal Caribbean Cruises and Norwegian cruise together account for 82 percent of the cruise passenger traffic in North America, according to registration documents at the first public placement of shares of Prestige Cruises.
TV and radio company "Krym" can get 250 million rubles in subsidies
In Communications and Mass Media Ministry to Russia's offer to allocate state TV and radio company "Krym" 250 million rubles in 2014.
As follows from the Communications and Mass Media Ministry project located on a single website of disclosure of information about the preparation of regulations, subsidies planned to spend "on covering spending on creating conditions for the massive media coverage of the social and economic situation and development of modern information space on the territory of the Republic of Crimea."
The money will go to purchase equipment, repair roofs and power supply systems in the building of the TV and radio company, founded in 1959, "RIA Novosti" reports.
Activists of the democracy movement in Hong Kong thwarted speech delivered by the Chinese representative on the next day after the adoption of the resolution on the election of
A group of citizens, loyal to Beijing, stood nearby, waving the Chinese flag.
The Standing Committee of the National People's Congress on Sunday identified the procedure, for which only two or three candidates will be allowed to take part in the election of Hong Kong's leader in 2017.
All candidates must first obtain the support of the majority of members of the Committee on the primary, which is likely to be full of Beijing loyalists.
The decision makes it almost impossible for a democratic opposition get in the ballot and forced the Democratic Movement activists again promise to stop the financial center of Hong Kong's "Occupy Central" protests.
Political reform is the main source of tensions in Hong Kong, as the Chinese party leaders fear that the call for democracy will spread to other cities.
Following the publication of the Beijing document that describes China's control over Hong Kong, in June, activists of the democratic movement held an unofficial referendum on elections in the special administrative region, and hundreds of thousands marched in the city's business center and staged a sedentary strike.
Briefing whether is organized by the Hong Kong government and the Chinese liaison office in Hong Kong.
Vice-chairman of the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress Zhang Rongshun and deputy director of the Hong Kong and Macao Affairs Office of the State Council, Feng Wei by also were supposed to speak at a series of briefings during the day.
Студенты-активисты said they will gather at the house of the head of the government of Hong Kong in the second half of the day.
The United Kingdom is not mentioned on the Democratic administration for Hong Kong until the last days of 150 years of colonial rule.
Israeli authorities intend to attach the 400 hectares of land belonging to Palestinian Authority
Israeli authorities announced that they intend to attach the 400 hectares of land on the west bank of the River Jordan, belonging to the Palestinian Authority.
As the "BBC," decision to annex land South Valaam is connected with the desire to take revenge for the abduction and murder of three Israeli teenagers in June this year.
About the capture of territory defense of Israel announced on Sunday and has instructed the military to establish administrative control of the West Bank.
According to a representative of Gaza Saiba Arikata, the world community should hold Israel accountable for "continuing settlement activity in the West Bank and in East Jerusalem."
Putin demands from Kiev to start negotiations on the "statehood" of eastern Ukraine
According to Russian news reports about his comments, the Russian president Vladimir Putin demanded on Sunday that the Ukrainian government has stopped fighting with separatists in the east of the country and immediately started negotiations on the "statehood" region.
His spokesman, Dmitry Peskov, later clarified that Putin had in mind the hint that territory under the control of separatists will become a part of Russia, but that its status within Ukraine, should be revised to give region the opportunity to protect their rights and interests.
However, Putin's appeal to the Kiev government to begin negotiations with the government-controlled insurgents as with equal to the apparent strategy, which he has followed since the bloodshed began five months ago: to help the separatists to take back territory and force the Ukrainian government to give territory Novorossii de facto independence to grow closer with Russia rather than with the West.
In an interview with state-run First Channel television, Putin condemned the Ukrainian military campaign to return retained the separatists in the eastern Donetsk and Luhansk regions, which were seized in March and April after Moscow annexed the Ukrainian peninsula of Crimea on March 18.
The Kremlin and the separatists recently named the captured territory Novorossiey, or New Russia, the name of which refers to Days of Glory of the Russian empire.
Putin said that anyone who believes that peace talks will occur in the near future, when Ukrainian politicians to campaign for parliamentary elections on October 26, and while government forces attacking peaceful settlement in separatist held regions - "illusions," reported the Itar-Tass news agency.
"we must immediately begin substantive talks and not only on technical issues, but also on the future political structure of society and state the status of southeast Ukraine, to meet the interests of the people living there," he said.
Peskov said that Putin's speech on statehood had in mind in the context of the broader autonomy, which has been discussed for months with leaders in Kiev in an attempt to calm fears in Russian-speaking regions that their cultural and language rights at risk.
Only the Ukrainian government may give eastern regions the necessary autonomy, said Peskov.
This is not an issue for discussion between Ukraine and Russia, Peskov said, "because this is not a conflict between Russia and Ukraine, and an internal Ukrainian conflict."
Intervention by the Kremlin's press secretary, to rectify the "incorrect interpretation of" Putin's words underscored the Russian leadership's decision to behave in relation to the separatist rebellion in the east in any other way than outdoor 2-миллионного seizure of Crimea, where a majority of the population are ethnic Russians.
Moscow would have had to withstand far more severe battle to attach even and Lukang Changhua Donetsk region of eastern Ukraine, as well as the majority of the 6.5 million residents are Russians, and polls before the beginning of the conflict, showed broad support for the desire to remain inside Ukraine.
Autonomy, which Russian diplomats discussed at international forums gave regional governments in Ukraine would have the power to determine trade agreements and foreign policy, essentially handing the Kremlin the actual control over the territory, which would have teamed the main territory of Russia with Crimea.
On the Black Sea peninsula, five months ago, is the main Russian military fleet, as well as commercial marine institutions and historical sea resorts.
In between the Russian regions the Rostov oblast and Crimea also are mines, factories and melting plants that produce the necessary equipment for the Russian army.
Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko has proposed during his inauguration speech on June 7, to Ukrainian lawmakers after new elections amendments to the constitution to give regions more control over their finances and the status of the language.
However, his opinion on autonomy, it seems, is very different from the view of the Kremlin and повстанцев-сепаратистов, in the arming and incitement which blamed Moscow.
Last call for Putin to Kiev to negotiate with separatists leaders, as with equal, followed new rebels last week after Russian troops and tanks rolled into eastern Ukraine from the formerly peaceful region along the Sea of Azov.
Russian-backed separatists have taken control of the town of Novoazovsk in the offensive, about which members of the Ukrainian security services say they are afraid that he is beginning a campaign to capture a strategic coastal territory to the Crimea.
This has led to a massive civil and military efforts to strengthen the port of Mariupol, a steel city with 500,000 inhabitants, which is located between Novoazovskom and narrow alleyway on the Crimean peninsula.
Poroshenko on Saturday turned to a meeting of European Union leaders in Brussels to call for measures to prevent further Russian aggression against Ukraine, the former Soviet republic that has been independent for 23 years.
"we are approaching the point of no return," warned the Poroshenko.
Thousands of foreign troops and hundreds of foreign tanks are now on the territory of Ukraine.
The EU summit is not adopted certain measures; leaders have called for the drawing up of more harsh sanctions against Russia, which will be taken in case of an escalation of the Ukrainian crisis.
Ukrainian soldiers had to withdraw from their positions in Ilovaisk after two columns of Russian armored vehicles and 1,000 troops last week entered in the Donetsk region to support experiencing difficulty separatists, Colonel Andriy Lysenko, spokesman for Ukraine's National Security and Defense Council, told reporters in Kiev on Saturday.
The first of 63 Ukrainian soldiers, who, reportedly, are held in Ilovaisk in the wake of the Russian invasion, were exchanged Sunday at 10 Russian, captured on Ukrainian territory a week ago, Lysenko said on Sunday.
Scandal with the naked photo captures Australian celebrities and Gabi Greco
Jeffrey Edelsten expressed his disgust to hackers who may have stolen nude photo of his bride Gabi Greco and a whole list of Hollywood stars.
Hollywood in protest after a number of explicit photographs, on which a naked Jennifer Lawrence, hit the Internet in a large-scale hacker scandal with celebrities.
They say that the hacker responsible for it, have some 60 explicit photos of the stars of "The Hunger Games" Lawrence and superstars, including models Kate Upton and Cara Delevin, singer Rihanna, Ariana Grande and Lea County New Mexico Michel and actress Kirsten Dunst.
The Australian actors Teresa Palmer, Emily Browning, Yvonne Strakhovski and lives in Melbourne Greco also, allegedly, been stolen photos as a result of leaks from the iCloud.
In the list of the 101 name celebrities.
Greco, who made the proposal last month, told Confidential: "it's disgusting."
All the private correspondence and photos should remain private.
Badly, that personal information can be stolen and sent to other people.
Greco, who is in New York, reportedly told news website that Hacker Attack Was "this shameful" and that those at whom it was directed, "feel that to him invaded."
It is assumed that if a hacker has 30 photos of Palmer with former her boyfriend Scott Spidmenom, including two frame, where she lies poolside with naked breasts.
Of Palmer in the film include "Love and Honor" along with Liam Hemsworth.
Palmer, star of the film "Chuck" Strakhovski and actress from "prohibited admission" Browning yesterday not stolen photos.
Spokesman Lawrence told TMZ: "it's brazen invasion of privacy."
Actor Seth Rogen expressed his indignation at the address of the hacker, writing on Twitter: "Post photos, stolen from a mobile phone, in fact, is no different from the sale of stolen goods."
Just from a legal point of view, we can't tolerate publication of the stolen photos.
Discovered a potential way to steal photos of naked celebrities
Mass hacking the accounts of celebrities, perhaps manufactured through a vulnerability in the application Find My Phone.
A potential scenario described the site The Next Web.
The website Github has been published in the language of Python script, which allowed choose passwords to service the Find My Phone company Apple.
This service allows you to track the location of iPhone.
Used the same binding login and password to access the Apple ID's and Apple's iCloud to access the cloud, from which were stolen photos of celebrities.
The script allowed the search to identify the password from the Find My Phone.
With this method the experts consistently are introduced all sorts of combinations of symbols, starting with the most frequently used passwords.
The author of the script, argued that the services find my phone number of input options passwords indefinitely.
With the proper organization of security system after several unsuccessful attempts to enter the wrong password account must be blocked and inform the user about the attempted hacking.
Because of the vulnerability of users, has not received any reports of an attempt to pick a password to their account.
Hackers learned from Apple ID password and used it to access iCloud.
According to the Twitter user HackApp, a vulnerability was discovered two days ago, on Saturday, and to her written program for picking passwords.
At this moment of vulnerability is closed: after five attempts to access to the service is blocked.
Resource user contacted HackApp, and he noted that the above-mentioned vulnerability is characteristic of many services, but noted that it has no evidence that this vulnerability was used to access the account "stars."
It's not I, plz RT
In Twitter the prime minister once again appeared outsiders recording
Although there is no hard evidence that the theft of the photographs had exploited a vulnerability in the Find My Phone, previously was a wave of malicious actions using this service.
Hackers device management and demanded a ransom from the owners.
In that case, Apple told the media that, in this case, the Cloud Security was not compromised, however, have not conducted investigations about how users lost their accounts.
In Russia has also previously been hacked Twitter, Prime Minister of the Russian Federation Dmitry Medvedev.
If attackers have access to iCloud described above manner, then there could be stored and the password to the account of the head of government in service Microblogging.
Web site The Next Web has failed to get comments on vulnerabilities in Apple's Find My Phone.
Putin granted Russian citizenship for Ukrainian
Russian President Vladimir Putin granted Russian citizenship for Ukrainian Anna Buryak.
The decree published on the Internet portal legal information.
At the beginning of this year, has moved to Russia for permanent residence and turned to the Federation of modern asking to give her a chance to play for the national team of the Russian Federation.
In 2013-м she won two stages of the World Cup, earned the silver medal of the European Championship in the individual championship and became world champion in the mixed relay, which is one of the new types of programs in this sport.
It holds a leading position, and in the current season.
According to the rules, to act on олимпиаде-2016 in Rio de Janeiro, she will need to get special permission of Ukraine's Olympic committee.
Anna Buryak is not the first Ukrainian athlete, which traded citizenship.
In July, Vladimir Putin has ruled to extradite a Russian passport Catherine Lagno - Lviv, which is double European champion (2005, 2008), the World Blitz (2010) and Rapid (2014).
In the women's team the Ukrainian athlete was the winner of the Chess Olympiad in Turin (2006), the World Team Championship in Astana (2013) and the European Team Championships in Warsaw (2013).
Bears terminated its investigation of the catastrophe Tu-204 at Vnukovo
Russia's Investigative Committee (RS) terminated its criminal investigation into the disaster Tu-204 airline Red Wings.
About it in the press service of the ministry.
The decision was made in connection with the death of an aircraft commander and flight engineer.
Forensic examination showed that the cause of the accident was excessive speed sunset on landing, failure to comply with crew of standard procedures for landing, as well as unintended out engines on the elevated pace of direct thrust.
The plane, a Tu-204 airline Red Wings Flight Prague - Moscow, crashed on December 29, 2012 when landing at Moscow's Vnukovo airport.
Aircraft for runway covered the strip and.
At the scene killed the commander of the aircraft, the pilot and flight engineer.
Two were delivered in curative establishments, where subsequently have died from their injuries.
Another three flight attendants, hospitalized with serious enough bodily injuries, received prolonged treatment.
In addition, serious bodily damage was the driver of the vehicle, in time of disaster on the Kiev highway.
There were no passengers on board the aircraft.
Transport prosecutor's office after the accident held the Red Wings checked, in the course of which were identified numerous violations.
In February 2013, the airline's license was suspended.
The company resumed work in the summer of 2013.
Alexander Emelianenko began to train in prison
A famous Russian fighter mixed style 33-летний Alexander Emelianenko, who is in prison on charges of violent conduct of a sexual nature against a house keeper, fully recovered from the injury and started training.
Reports "about this championship."
In May of this year, Russia's Investigative Committee has Aleksander Emelianenko Indictment in rape.
The suspect was declared in the search, on May 9, he was detained in Tambov after committing them to the accident, in which he received a fracture of the femur.
Емельяненко-младший was placed under arrest until 31 August to 1 September was scheduled sentencing.
However, the court was postponed, and a consequence of on extension of detention until September 30.
In the case of wine, if the athlete is proven, he faces imprisonment for a term of up to six years.
In the force, brother?
"Lenta.ru" recalls the most scandalous history in a career of Alexander Emelianenko
His last fight Emelianenko spent in January of this year, losing by technical KO Dmitry Sosnovskomu.
Alexander is the younger brother of the more famous fighter Fedor Emelianenko.
The latter is a 4X World Champion in mixed martial arts, 4X World Champion Russia and vengeance Champion in combat sambo.
Anger was the most versatile and functional human emotion
Expression is biologically Universal to mankind, and everyone involved in its creation of a body and the muscle group is not accidental, while an additional means of expressing power and threat, researchers have found in Australia and the US.
They told about their discovery in the journal Evolution and Human Behavior, and briefly, you can read about them in the press release of the University of California in Santa Barbara.
Angry expression when he described - backs and resting down eyebrows, in thin line lips, inflated nostrils is the same in all cultures, and make it even blind from birth had never saw his children, says lead author of the study, Aaron Sell.
As part of a large research project, devoted to the nature of anger, the scientists found that there was this emotion for the effective conduct of disputes during the conflict.
The more physical damage one man can do to another, the more opportunities it has to dictate their terms, and the message he is to partner with the help of anger.
Researchers have found evidence of another of his hypothesis: physically strong people often get angry and switch to pitch invasions, consider themselves entitled to dictate conditions for them, as well as to prefer violent methods of resolving conflicts peacefully.
Extrapolating from what anger is, above all, the "emotion of bargaining," the scientists decided that the movements of each of the seven groups of muscles, creating expression, must represent individual more powerful and dangerous in the eyes of the other person - and thereby force as soon as possible to agree with its terms in order to avoid conflict.
To test this hypothesis, the researchers modeled on a person's computer, where had or was absent each of the seven elements persons, and showed them.
Although his eyebrows or highlighted by forward Chin in isolation did not have the face of evil, is portrayed with such human traits of more strong physically study participants acknowledged unanimously.
The anger of the person, as well as in animals, it expresses a threat: the exaggerated manifestation of his own forces, force to accept and obey.
Man inflated nostrils and lips with the same goal, that of a frog, which, or Babuin, which demonstrates their fangs.
"rage" is "the refusal of the other person to accept the situation, and the face immediately takes shape, demonstrating the opposite side as effectively as possible the consequences of this failure.
But the most startling revelation is that none of the components faces is not arbitrary, they are one and the same, "said anthropologist John Tubi.
Communications and Mass Media Ministry proposed to allocate 250 million rubles of TV and radio company "Krym."
Communications and Mass Media Ministry proposed to allocate 250 million rubles from the federal budget in 2014 Autonomous Nonprofit Organization "TV and radio company" Krym. ""
This is stated in the draft resolution, prepared by the government office, with whom familiarized "Lenta.ru".
According to the explanatory note to the project, subsidies from the federal budget will be aimed "to cover expenses for the creation of conditions for the massive media coverage of the social and economic situation and development of modern information space on the territory of the Republic of Crimea, including purchasing equipment."
In particular, the allocated money to remodel the hardware-studio block, video wall, central hardware and.
The plan is also the purchase of a TV station and a satellite transmitter.
In addition, of the allocated funds, the company would pay the use of fiber-optic communication lines (FOCL), and the repair of the energy system.
The subsidies will be provided within the limits of the federal budget, according to Communications and Mass Media Ministry.
The state broadcaster "Crimea" was established in 1959, provides broadcasts in seven languages: Ukrainian, Russian, German, Greek, Bulgarian and the Armenian.
Today's coverage of the television signal broadcasting company accounts for more than 75 per cent of the territory of the peninsula.........
In 2011, "" TV and radio company "Krym" "received the license for television broadcasting in digital format.
