28-year-old cook found dead at San Francisco Mall
A 28-year-old cook who recently moved to San Francisco was found dead in the staircase of a local shopping centre.
The victim's brother said he can't imagine anyone wanting to harm him, "finally it got uphill with him again."
The corpse found on Wednesday morning in the Westfield Mall was identified as the 28-year-old Frank Galicia from San Francisco, told the San Francisco court medical department.
The San Francisco Police Department said the death was classified as murder and the investigations are underway.
The victim's brother, Louis Galicia, told ABS broadcaster KGO in San Francisco that Frank, who used to work as a cook in Boston, had made his dream job as a cook at Sons & Daughters restaurant in San Francisco six months ago.
A spokesman for the Sons & Daughters said they were "shocked and destroyed" over his death.
"We are a small team that works like a close family and we will painfully miss him," the spokesman continued.
Our thoughts and condolences are at this difficult time at Franks family and friends.
Louis Galicia said Frank initially lived in hostels, but that "things finally went uphill for him."
"He found a flat, he had a girlfriend," Louis Garcia told KGO.
Louis Galicia said he could not imagine anyone wanting to harm his younger brother.
He was a friendly person with a great heart.
His way of connecting with his family was to always cook us something, prepare us the dinner," Louis Galicia said.
He never wanted to participate in any kind of dispute.
He was the brother who swam with the stream.
"With everything going wrong in the world, he was this unflattering diamond that lit bright every day," he said.
Anyone who has information on the case will be asked to call the SFPD telephone number under number 415-575-4444.
Jennifer Aniston: I always get stuck in drawers
Jennifer Aniston doesn't always have to be perfect or successful.
The Hollywood star has now made that clear in an interview.
"I am always stuck in drawers or glued from outside labels, which have little to do with me and reality."
"I myself don't have the desire to always be perfect and successful."
"Frankly, these things are more snuff me."
Jennifer Aniston (47) can only laugh at her being considered "Miss Perfect" as she explains in the current "Cosmopolitan."
Most importantly, the actress spends her time at home, front television with loose dutt and Mexican food, says the magazine.
To the white glut, they raise the question of child desire: "We women don't have to be married or have children to be perfect," the Hollywood star said.
In her new film, "Mother's Day - love is not a childhood play," Aniston is seen as a single mother of two sons.
The film will run with us from August 25.
Golfer Langer gets the sports pyramid
His experience on horseback is manageable.
At the end of a golf tournament in South Africa, Bernhard Langer was looking for a bit of a variety with a few colleagues on the beach.
It was a premiere for the 58-year-old.
CHIO: "Golden sports pyramid" for Bernhard Langer
After a few minutes, the horses remembered their holiday, they hunted home in a quick gallop to feed.
One kilometre at that pace, I was scared.
"It wasn't a good experience," Langer says.
And thus the riding carriere ended again.
On Saturday, Germany's best golfer of all time - 101 tournament victories - was back near horses.
He was let go with his family about the facility of the ALRV, and he didn't even get to a horse for a horse.
Langer was the first time in Aachen and thus also at the CHIO.
The reason was quite convincing.
The German sports aid handed over the golden sports pyramid to the man from Anhausen in a small gala.
The sympathetic athletes don't miss out on awards.
Federal merit, silver leaf leaf, champions tour player of the year...
Even the British Queen has already adored him.
Langer is the 18th prize winner of the sports pyramid.
In Aachen, he met the first prize winner Hans Günter Winkler on Saturday.
"This award means a great deal to me," says Langer, "because she is awarded not only for sporting success but also for social engagement."
Langer has been promoting the offspring for decades.
And so he also gave the prize money of 25,000 euros straight away.
With 15 other outstanding athletes, the two-time U.S. master winner was taken to the "Hall of Fame of German Sports" on Saturday.
Among the performers are the lightweight athletes Hartwig Gauder and Harald Schmitt, the Turner Eberhard Gienger, the fencers of Cornelia Hanisch, Alexander Pusch and Arnd Schmitt, the ruderer Peter-Michael Kolbe, the Bob-Rider, Alwin Schocker, the springer Alwin Schockemöhle and posthumous of the handballer Erhard.
Many of these sports legends had come to Aachen on Saturday.
After the official part, the illustrious society migrated to the Springstadium, where the Lavazza Prize ran.
Bernhard Langer kept distance to the big animals.
Clinton's and Trump's economic policy by comparison: It's all about the money
Investing in infrastructure and preventing the trade deal TTP - that's what both Clinton and Trump want.
The two U.S. Presidential candidates, however, are divided on tax and energy policy and on a fundamental issue.
The differences in economic policy between Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton lie in a fundamental, rather philosophical, difference.
The, about the role of the state.
Trump wants to keep those in doubt rather small, warning how the state can harm the economy - with taxes and regulations.
Clinton wants to tax the economy to death and regulate to death, he says.
He himself would be quite different, Trump claimed.
He will massively back regulations, and he is pushing for wide tax reform at lower rates - for private people and for companies.
Clinton, on the other hand, says the state has certain tasks to perform, it has disadvantaged opportunities to open and needs money for it.
That is why taxes would be increased for the rich, she says.
Interestingly, both are very close to infrastructure.
Investing in that, Trump and Clinton say almost word equal.
The Democratic candidate is even announcing the biggest investment in new jobs since World War II.
State investment programs in infrastructure are classic democratic policies and are strictly opposed by the state-critical teaparty wing of Republicans.
So there could still be intra-party discussions on Trump.
The differences in energy and climate policy are clearer.
Trump wants to build coal-fired power plants and re-run coal production in the United States.
Oil extraction should also be possible in protected areas, the Paris climate change agreement wants to cancel.
Clinton, on the other hand, wants to explicitly expand Renewable Energies with her investment program, calling for "a country to become the superpower of clean energy and create millions of jobs."
"It will probably be either China, Germany or America - I want us to be."
But not only in infrastructure - even in international trade agreements, the two competitors are not too far apart.
TPP, the Trans-Pacific Partnership, both don't want to sign.
At the same time, however, both do not want to isolate the USA from international trade - but simply better protect American jobs.
They should also be paid better, for example, for Clinton.
The current minimum wage of $7.25 is a starvation wage.
He wants to raise it to $15 an hour.
What Trump wants to do on this issue is not entirely clear: once he says the minimum wage must be up, then he says he should not be altered.
But the big discussion in the coming months should probably be more about the tax policy of the two camps.
On one hand stands Trump, who wants to relieve the economy and citizens to boost growth.
His critics predict that the budget deficit will only increase.
On the other hand is Clinton, who wants at least to ask the rich that they pay more taxes, and whose critics say more taxes are not the solution either.
Fleeing: "Every wed woman has experience of sexual violence"
Sexual violence is almost part of everyday life for women fleeing alone.
When they arrive in Germany, they are often traumatised.
A house offers refuge.
In a large kitchen, four women sit.
Each has a baby that is at most one year old.
One has put her little son in the arm.
He looks curious into the room with big eyes.
His mother stares at the table.
Until she notices she is being watched.
She smiles briefly and kisses the little ones.
The scene acts normally.
Until you talk to Katrin Bahr.
She is an area business leader of Condrobs, a promoter of social assistance in Bavaria, and deals with the issue of women, among other things.
The four women in the kitchen are poultry.
They live in the Munich north in one of the few devolved accommodation for all-female women and their children in Bavaria.
In January, Condrobs made up the facility along with Pro Familia and the Munich women's aid.
It has recently been officially opened.
60 people live there - around 40 women and 20 children.
Men are not there - neither as visitors.
The exception is a watchman in front of the door.
"It's not exaggerated to say that every woman arriving here has experienced experiences of sexual violence on their escape," Bahr says.
"Men flee because of wars because they are persecuted politically because they threaten torture or death or because their families send them to Europe as hopefuls," she says.
In women, other reasons outweigh the escape: "Many steal themselves secretly because they don't see another way out."
In their home country they have experience of sexual violence, forced marriages, honour killings, slavery or forced prostitution.
It continues it.
The escape goes on.
"That wickets for example for a bottle of water require a sexual act is not a rarity," says Bahr.
And women are alone, they are not protected by their families.
Who thinks that the end as soon as they arrive in Germany, tells Bahr.
Here, too, single women in refugee accommodation would often be considered inferior and at worst abused.
This leads to some 90 percent of women living in the accommodation in the Munich north traumatised, she estimates.
"Some of the children certainly did not come up voluntarily."
Many women are so accustomed to saying nothing.
"Or they don't trust talking openly about the experience because shame is too big."
Because they often don't want to help, they need more accommodation only for them, Bahr asks.
In Bavaria, the seven district governments are responsible for the accommodation of refugees.
As for whether they knew about a similar project as in Munich, some answered no.
In the Upper Palatine and Oberfranken, for example, there is no such thing in the accommodation of governments.
Even in swabs, women wed alone will not be housed separately, says Karl-Heinz Meyer, government spokesman for the government.
In Upper Bavaria, under- and middle franks, there are floors or own houses in some community accommodation only for single women and their children.
The exception is Lower Bavaria, there are two central accommodation only for women.
The Committee on Women's Rights and Gender Equality in the European Parliament also calls for women to be housed separately from men.
In a study published for the committee, it says: "It is very important for men and women to be housed separately."
"If privacy is lacking or men and women are put together, there can be - more persistent - violence against women.
In particular, washrooms should be separated and accessible to women, according to the study.
How much women feel like this need for protection can be seen at the heart of the house in Munich.
"Since talking about it, we have a long waiting list," says Bahr.
You could easily make a second house.
Assistant doctors strike: demands for new workplace action
Assistant doctors have called on their union to approve new labor-fighting measures in their disputes regarding a new contract.
The Junior Doctors Committee (JDC) of the British Medical Association (BMA) has called on its entire council to approve more labor combat measures from early September.
The JDC said that ministers had failed to address concerns about the contract.
Assistant doctors and medical students voted in July to reject a contract agreed with the BMA.
He was rejected by 58% of his members who voted in the election.
In a letter to members posted on Twitter on Thursday evening, JDC chairman Ellen McCourt said the government had "persistently calm" to problems, resulting in the contract being rejected.
She said: "In view of this, the JDC Board voted to completely reject the proposed new contract and request official renegotiation to all your concerns."
In response to the government's silence, the JDC board today made a formal request for a special meeting of the BMA council to approve an ongoing program of escalating labor-fighting measures that begins in early September.
The disputes caused assistant doctors to strike six times this year, the first total outages in the history of the NHS.
BMA assistant doctor Dr Johann Malawana resigned after the election to reject agreed contract conditions recommended by the BMA.
He told BMA members during the meetings held before the vote by 54,000 assistant doctors and medical students that the contract was advantageous and should be approved.
After the vote, the Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt said the contract would be imposed on doctors in England.
Russia and Turkey: An "alliance of outsiders"?
It was a gesture that ended a crisis.
The leaders of Russia and Turkey met on Tuesday to lend their hands and declare an official end to the eight-month war of words and economic sanctions.
But when Vladimir Putin receives his Turkish counterpart in the gold-plated hall of St. Petersburg Palace, I cannot deny the impression that Ankara wants that reconciliation most.
There was the handshake, yes.
But Putin's smile was shy and he barely radiated heat, even for his restrained conditions.
Recep Tayyip Erdogan, on the other hand, spoke repeatedly of his "dear friend" Putin - according to a report entire five times.
I couldn't count it anymore.
He also promised that relations with Russia would not only return to their old level before the crisis, but will even improve.
The next day, a newspaper described that Erdogan had behaved as if nothing had happened.
His enthusiasm seemed to indicate the opposite.
But a Putin-led, sustainable cool showed that Russia's head of state had forgotten nothing.
Rather, the cause of the crisis was the first thing he mentioned in his introductory words: the shooting down of a Russian fighter plane on the Syrian border by Turkey.
Moscow's reaction at the time was wutting.
Putin shared and accused Ankara of having fallen into the back seat.
The crime was even greater as it was committed by a supposed friend.
Rebuilding the vetting will be difficult, if not impossible.
Public opinion in Russia has changed since November.
For months, the state-controlled media conducted a fierce, unrestricted attack on Ankara.
At once, it seemed the Turks were carrying the blame for everything.
Most serious were accusations by senior officials that Erdogan's own family had benefited from illegal oil trade in areas of Syria controlled by so-called Islamic State.
He vehemently denied that.
But in St. Petersburg, the official message was that it was time to look forward.
After all, this meeting took place only because Putin received the excuse he wanted to hear from President Erdogan.
Russia was able to book a kind of victory.
For Ankara, the benefits of a ceasefire are clear.
Erdogan primarily needs all friends he can get after he was nearly absent from his office last month in a failed coup.
Repeated terrorist attacks on Turkey have also shaken him.
But there are also economic motives.
Russian sanctions have hit Turkey hard - specifically banning charter flights that usually bring several million Russian tourists to the Turkish coast every year.
The number has fallen by almost 90%.
In Russia, tour operators and charter companies will be relieved when flights resume.
They count on a late seasonal storm to the Mediterranean.
This week, state television predicted cheaper fruit and vegetables once Turkish agricultural imports are allowed again.
A report in Vedemosti put it as follows: "tourists there long, tomatoes here long."
But the visit had an additional political value for Moscow.
Ankara is angry at the West, considering its response to attempted power as a weak response.
In addition, the continued groom over the snail's snails of EU accession negotiations and Putin - who is keen to take advantage of the cool mood and reduce Turkey's relationship with the West - comes to an end.
The Russian head of state won a bonus in Ankara for his support for the elected states after the attempted coup.
This is a natural matter for Moscow, which itself has a deep-seated fear of regime change.
The summit in this glorious palace on the sea allowed Russia and Turkey, one that an analyst once described to me, "alliance of outsiders": two countries that feel the West and feel badly treated and now allied.
Nevertheless, despite public reconciliation, there are still great differences between the two.
The biggest difference is Syria, where Moscow recently gave itself the role as peacemaker, but where Russia and Turkey support opposing sides.
It could be significant that after almost three hours of first-time talks, both presidents said at the press conference that they had not even stripped the issue.
The president of Turkey deliberately avoided answering a question about their differences, while Putin chose to emphasize them.
There is no clear consensus on where a common denominator can be found on Syria.
But after months of open hostilities - and, given the potential for a perfect disaster, when NATO member Turkey absent the Russian fighter jet - it is surely better that the two heads of state at least talk to each other again.
Royal Bank of Scotland no longer available to customers outside Scotland
According to the bank's chief executive, the RBS brand is to be reduced to a back office role.
Royal Bank of Scotland will no longer be available to customers outside Scotland.
Ross McEwan told BBC Scotland that the RBS brand was linked to the bank's global ambitions.
The bank has since distanced itself when it almost collapsed and rescued eight years ago.
During that time, brand strategists have used "RBS" to protect other end consumer financial brands.
She supported international sport with millions of pounds of sponsorship, from Six Nations rugby to Wimbledon winner Andy Murray.
But now she has chosen to put more national brands into focus.
Royal Bank of Scotland will only be available to customers in Scotland but will not be initialized.
In England and Wales, all RSB referees, the decentralised headquarters and the listing of NatWest will change.
Ulster Bank is already being used for customers in the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland.
There are other, smaller brands for retail banking that will be more important - Coutts, Adam & Co, Drummond and Holt's Military Bank.
McEwan was interviewed during a tour tour of clients and employees in Inverness-shire.
He told BBC Scotland: "The RSB brand will become our investor brand as well as the brand under which our employees will be employed as we become more into a bank of brands now."
When the bank itself became a global brand, RBS became the global brand.
I am now saying that we are not pursuing global goals, but local goals.
Each of these brands will stand for something completely different in their own communities and our employees will work with customers under these brands.
RBS has already said it will no longer continue its Six Nations sponsorship and that it will increase the visibility of the various brands in its sports sponsorship.
"It's time for us to develop into the bank of brands, because how do we focus on inside (we have asked) to make this a better bank for customers?" said the CEO.
It would have been very cynical three years ago if we had said we would be a great bank for our customers and would have launched these brands.
But with our work, the focus on customer needs, not our own, I think we will see many changes.
We can launch these brands again, so I think the time has come.
Frankie Dettori reaches out to Predilection his 3,000ten win at Newmarket
Dettori sprays champagne after a double at Newmarket, which brings him 3,000ten win
Jockey Frankie Dettori secured his 3,000ten British win at Newmarket on Friday.
He set a milestone on Predilection, trained by John Gosden, on his local circuit with his second win of the night.
The 45-year-old Italian is the sixth jockey to reach the milestone in the flat race.
He follows Sir Gordon Richards, Doug Smith, Lester Piggott, Pat Eddry and Willie Carson.
Three-time winner Dettori, who won on Ghayar before, said: "It's something special."
I'm very emotional because my family is here too
I'm very happy that it happened at Newmarket because I landed here 30 years ago.
It's not a big meeting, it's not Royal Ascot - it's a banal Friday evening with 20,000 people.
I am relieved and very modest.
Dettori takes the jubilee as he picks up victory on Predilection
Two jockeys have reached the milestone in the impeachment race - jockey Richard Johnson and retired 20-time winner Sir Anthony McCoy, who reached more than 4,300 victories in a record-breaking career.
Lester Piggott, the ninth-straight Derby winner, had 4,493 career victories
Frankie is one of the best jockey of modernity and it's no surprise he reached this milestone that few have reached before him.
He has style and is strong, but it's his tactical intellect that distinguishes him from the others in the weight control room.
He is a fantastic ambassador for races, his enthusiasm and charisma have been enthralling fans for years for this sport.
I told Frankie a few weeks ago at Epsom that he had already picked up 6,000 wins if he were not just a weekend and grand tournament jockey!
Frankie has already scored nearly 30 years of winners in GB, which is great.
He has a living personality, which is good for a British race, but beyond that he is an incredible jockey.
Frankie Dettori celebrated the milestone with a typical Flying Discus
From Flying Finishes to Flying Dismounts, Frankie Dettori has been the hub of Britain's flat race for two decades.
It was nerve-wracking.
A whole series of big-tournament wins, including his famous "glorious seven" in 1996 at Ascot, but he also survived an airplane crash and received a drug ban.
Three years ago, he initially had trouble when he returned from his six-month lock, but showed an impressive characteristic strength to trot out his doubters and return to his best form.
And he is far from at the end - Dettori once said he wants to continue in competitions up to his at least 50.00 life.
Putin Putin fixes chief of staff Sergei Ivanov
Russian President Vladimir Putin unexpectedly dismissed his chief of staff, Sergei Ivanov.
Ivanov has been part of Russia's closest confidence circle for many years.
The 63-year-old was appointed special envoy for environmental and transportation affairs.
In an opinion of the Kremlin, it is that Putin, without giving reasons, "ordered Ivanov's dismissal of his duties as chairman of the Russian presidential administration."
Anton Vaino, who has been Ivanov's deputy since 2012, was appointed to his successor.
Vaino, 44, is a former diplomat.
Born in the Estonian capital Tallinn in 1972, he graduated from the prestigious State Moscow Institute for International Relations (MGIMO) and worked in the Embassy in Tokyo.
On the Kremlin's website, it says (in Russian) that he was later protocol chief and chief of staff of government personnel.
Asked about his appointment, he said to Putin: "Thank you for your confidence."
I think it is the government's most important task to support your job as head of state regarding draft laws and controls to implement your instructions.
Putin told the Russian TV channel on Friday that Ivanov had asked to leave his post and recommended Vaino as his successor.
Surely the smiling faces?
This move has made Moscow secret.
Sergei Ivanov has long been one of Vladimir Putin's closest confidances and works as he does for the Soviet Secret Service, the KGB.
As chief of staff, he was one of the most powerful men in the country.
At a meeting with President Putin, who aired on television, both men claimed the chief of staff resigned at their own request.
But despite the smile for the cameras, few here are convinced - especially now, just before the general election.
Is this the result of a kind of power struggle?
Nobody knows that at the moment.
But the official claim - that a man once touted as a potential president wants to guide Russian environmental policy at once - came up with great scepticism.
In his remarks to Putin, quoted on the Kremlin's website, Ivanov said "it is true that at the beginning of 2012 I asked you in a conversation to entrust me with this very complicated post - you could almost say - for four years.
As it turns out, I have been chairman of the Russian presidential administration for four years and eight months.
Ivanov took the post in December 2011.
Previously, he was deputy prime minister and defence minister.
He is a member of the Russian Security Council and, like Putin, former member of the KGB state security service.
In the late 1990s, when Putin was chairman of the Federal Security Service (FSB), which replaced the KGB, Ivanov was appointed to his deputy.
When Putin came to power, he named Ivanov as one of five people he trusted most.
Once it was assumed that Ivanov could become president of Russia after Putin's second term, as a third term Putin's term would have violated the constitution.
But this post was taken by another nearby ally, Putin's, Dmitry Medvedev.
Putin became prime minister before becoming president three and a half years later.
Criminal Minds star Thomas Gibson fired after he beat producers
Gibson was involved in a physical dispute on the set of the series in Los Angeles last month.
ABC Studios and CBS Television Studios, which produce the series, announced their termination in a joint statement.
Gibson, who played Special Agent Aaron Hotchner, apologized publicly on Thursday before announcing his termination.
On the set there were artistic differences and a disagreement.
I regret the incident," he said in a notice.
Details of how Gibson's character will be written out of the series, which follows a team of FBI agents, are expected to be released at a later stage, according to the opinion of ABC Studios and CBS Television Studios.
The 54-year-old, who previously played in the sitcom Dharma & Greg, has been with it since the first season of the series in 2005.
"I love Criminal Minds and have spent the past 12 years putting my whole heart blood into it," Gibson said in a notice released on Friday.
I had hoped to be there until the end, but that will no longer be possible now.
I would just like to thank the authors, producers, actors, our wonderful crew, and especially the best fans, who can only wish for a series.
The planned broadcast of the twelfth season is scheduled for 28 September.
Puzzles around fish landed in garden in Banff
A Banff resident called for help in identifying the fish that appeared in his garden in Banff.
Kevin Bain thinks that the 75 fish could be sand eels, spinning out of a fountain.
Mr Bain, who lives around 500 metres from the sea, posted a video of the spectacle on Periscope hoping someone could shed some light on the appearance of the two inches long fish.
QueensFerry Crossing: Bridge now linked to Fife
The £1.35 billion project is to be completed by May 2017
Engineers have linked the QueensFerry Crossing's north deck with the viaduct - meaning the bridge is now linked to Fife.
It is the first of four closures of the "deck blowers" approaching each of the three towers of the bridge.
Fife is now 600 metres long and weighs 30,000 tons.
He has 10,000 tonnes of steel and 20,000 tons of concrete and 46 slush haste.
The £1.35 billion project will be completed by May 2017.
Economy Minister Keith Brown took a visit to the construction site today and was one of the first to go from the country to the bridge.
He said: "This is a historic and symbolic moment in building the QueensFerry Crossings.
We are all witnesses to an engineering art of a truly epic scale in this project with over 30,000 tonnes of concrete and steel used alone for this part of the bridge.
Despite the massive size and weight of the bridge, the completion of the closure between the viaduct and the bridge deck is a delicate activity requiring extremely precise tolerances for fit.
Overall, almost 79% of the entire bridge decks are in their place and the last section of the deck gets a concrete cast for the deck in Rosyth today, meaning the entire deck is ready to be lifted on the bridge.
Michael Martin, project manager of Forth Crossing Bridge Constructors said: "The first closure represents a significant milestone in each bridge project.
In this fantastic project, the closure of high- and low-cost construction is the result.
After the installation of the last road deck and its connection with the north tower deck, we then had to close the remaining gap on the north or land side.
This was reached 700 millimetres south by dragging the northern train bridge.
This was a massive and very delicate activity.
As the viaduct is 222 metres long, it weighs around 6,000 tonnes and had to be pulled up at a climb of about 3%.
Heirs, because the tolerances the team worked on were tiny - on each side they only scored a few millimetres.
Fortunately, everything went very well.
Rescue in Moelfre Bay: Three men have "lucky yet to be alive"
Three men have "lucky yet to be alive" after being thrown from their fishing boat in front of Anglesey.
The Moelfre RNLI rescue station hit the alarm at 13:20 BST on Friday after a crew watched the event in Moelfre Bay.
The three men had difficulty swimming in safety while their boat moved on on their own.
"We saw how the boat turned around in its vicinity and turned us off the worst," said the head of Moelfre Vince Jones rescue station.
"Fortunately, the strong winds have already gotten the boat apart from their reach until we left to water," he added.
Two of the men were rescued from a local fishing boat, while the third man at the age of 60 was exhausted and found at a boje hanging without a rescue jacket.
They all arrived aboard the shore rescue boat and were brought back to the rescue station
Mr Jones said: "The three men thrown into the water are lucky and still alive.
The bootengine had an emergency stopover, but it was loosing the boat from the person who controlled the boat.
Someone woke up about these men today.
Hurt - man stabbs his ex-girlfriend
A man attacked and seriously injured his ex-girlfriend in Hamburg-Harburg with a knife.
As police announced yesterday, the 50-year-old had got the key to the apartment to pick up his personal things.
Instead, the alcoholic offender smashed the clothes of his ex-girlfriend.
When this came into the apartment, he stole twice.
The 44-year-old was injured at the hand and the body.
Police were able to arrest the offender.
While the 50-year-old destroyed the clothes of his ex-girlfriend, he called his mother.
He then alerted his sister.
Together with her life companion, the 45-year-old wanted to calm down her brother.
But she couldn't persuade him to leave the apartment.
That's why she was out of the house with her life companion.
On the street, they met the man's ex-life companion.
When the two women stabbed the flat again, the 50-year-old sat down his sister and attacked his ex-girlfriend.
Who builds Braunschweig's cheap apartments?
The SPD and Greens believe that investors should be much more accountable in the future.
How to respond to the bad news that Braunschweig will lose nearly 1300 cheap homes over the next few years?
The SPD proposes an "action plan" for the next council meeting.
But dispute is programmed.
First and foremost, the question is: who should actually build the cheap housing?
A regulation is missing.
SPD group chairman Christoph Bratmann said: "We agree with the Greens: those who want to build on urban land will have to expel 20 percent of all homes as social housing in future."
However, cheap apartments can also be created in stock.
However, the big point of contention at town hall is, said Bratmann: "How do you deal with investors who want to build on private land?"
"We want investors on such land to build at least 10 percent but as much as 20 percent of homes as social housing."
A new urban housing support program, which will cost millions and still needs to be funded, should provide incentives.
The problem, Bratmann said: "There is currently no agreement between the groups."
The CDU wants to make investors as few regulations as possible.
The left still wants tough conditions for investors.
Regardless, Bratmann said, a tightening of the situation in the housing market is emerging.
If the action concept is implemented, it will provide additional tasks in the construction administration.
More staff are needed.
It is unclear if we will get the skilled workers.
However, the programme is not yet complete: for the approximately 1260 new homes that should be built anyway.
But how do we compare the loss of some 1300 cheap homes, which will be phased out over the next few years?
By 2020 alone, there will be 500 homes.
To prevent that, planning policy spokeswoman Nicole Palm said, should now be purchased from the city.
In addition, consideration should be given to getting housing back into price fixing.
This is possible in the West City.
The problem could be solved at a stroke.
Because in the West City, deadlines expire at the end of the year.
Around 1800 homes could be picked up there in price fixing for cheap apartments.
Only: the owners, the housing companies, do not want that.
Because the number of social housing in the West City is once again drastically increased, away from the goal of so-called through-mix.
There should no longer be a concentration of the socially vulnerable in only a few districts.
The Greens expect that there will still be movement in the discussion.
Group chairman Holger Herlitschke says: "For a broad majority, the CDU must be on the boat."
That has focused on more building sites for single-family homes.
But that does not mean that a compromise cannot be found.
Pokémon Go, a hunt for health and happiness that pays off
It's fascinating watching how the world changes.
The fact that teenagers and children no longer go outside to play, rather preferring to spend their leisure time on screens, has been lamented by many over the last decade.
Pokemon Go is about getting people out of the sofa and getting more active.
The time at the screen was initially on the television, then on video games and most recently on smartphones.
So it's great to see that technology and outdoor activities don't mutually exclude each other.
I refer, of course, to the Pokémon Go-Wahn, an app based on the characters originally created for the video games in the 1990s (later created a series of characters, game cards and other spin-offs).
Like many phenomena of pop culture, interest before the release of the game in the USA, Australia and New Zealand fell in early July.
Market introduction in other countries was shifted by the massive demand that overloaded the servers.
Within a few days, Pokémon Go had more users than Tinder and almost as many as Twitter.
How does it work?
In short, players go outside with their smartphones and search for Pokémons, which are tracked with a GPS and, once found, can be "photographed" (via a screenshot on the mobile phone) or "captured."
A generation that played the game when she was even younger joined the craze and jumped for the search from the sofa.
In the United States, the game led to a significant increase in steps that the "average" person replaces every day.
Cardiogram, an app for Apple Watch that traces 35,000 users, told the Washington Post recently that within two days of the game's launch, the number of folks who train for 30 minutes every day, from 45 percent to 53 percent, was demanding.
The company does not know who plays Pokémon Go - it only sees the raw data on performance.
Many public health education campaigns that want people to "take 30 minutes" to "get out of the sofa" and "be active every day" stir on deaf ears because many public messages to health are boring and come from people who look eleven.
Nevertheless, the importance of sport cannot be overvalued.
Whoever drives sports regularly reduces his chances of suffering from cancer or depression.
Physical activity helps with weight control, high blood pressure, diabetes and a long list of benefits that is too long to guide them here.
But the wonderful thing about Pokémon Go is that it brings people to do something outdoors that is fun for them.
Thus, three pillars of health are covered - movement, fresh air and sunshine as well as fun.
Some people even close new friendships.
As always, there are also mouthful playoffs that always have to complain about something.
And yes, someone could run against a door.
What should?
A breakthrough has occurred.
Even though smartphone apps like Fitbit were already tracking our activity earlier, they gave us no reason to drive sports as it does this game.
The new will lose its appeal and the use will decrease over time.
However, due to Pokemon's success, there will be more games that will unite apps and virtual reality with the active world, helping many people on the hunt to be more active, fitter and healthier.
Read Dr Joes Blog at www.drjoetoday.com
Simone Biles creates gold in the damenturnen
Forget the pressure.
Forget the hype.
Simone Biles is immune to all that.
Dynamic on the jump horse.
Effortlessly on the beam.
Breathtaking bend on the ground.
All along brilliantly.
And now finally Olympic champion.
The 19-year-old American-born American champion on Thursday became a multi-fight title, widening the gap between himself and the rest of the world in front of the headlights of the Olympics.
Their overall score of 62,198 was clearly ahead of silver medal winners and "Final Five" teams of teams Aly Raisman and Russian bronze medal winner Aliya Mustafina.
American female Simone Biles teaches on the beam beam during the women's single-amputery in the summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro 2016, Brazil, Thursday.
Biles is the fourth heterosexual American to win a multi-fight title and overall, while consolidating her reputation for being the best of her generation, or even at all.
She broke down in tears when her final result was shown and ended her long journey at that moment.
This success puts them in the same league as unique athletes like Michael Phelps, who have brought their sports to new heights:
Biles has dominated her sport the past three years, 15 world championship medals - including 10 gold medals - with such amazing exercises that include a mix of ambition and precision that the 1984 Olympic champion Mary Lou Retton said she was "the best turnaround I've ever seen."
It awaited her last exam in Brazil, a competition that was not so much between Biles and the rest of the athletes, but rather between her and a load of oversized expectations.
Not having a handful of gold back to family in Spring, Texas would be considered a disappointment.
Americans Simone Biles, left, and Aly Raisman embrace each other after they each won gold and silver in the women's individual multi-combat final in the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, Thursday
Biles took the first medal on Tuesday while serving as exclamation mark at the farewell ceremony of retired team coordinator Martha Karolyi.
Although Biles insisted, during her long path to the top, never planned the future, that's not really true.
Part of their ground exercises - which include their typical tumbling pass - are tuned to Latin American music that would fit home on the street outside the Olympic arena in Rio.
It's no coincidence.
This girl, adopted by her grandparents as a small child and discovered by trainer Aimee Boorman's mother during a school excursion to the gym where Boorman trained, became the force.
She has not lost a multi-fight contest since the summer of 2013, a victory series that will hold for as long as Biles wants.
Even though Mustafina performed slightly through two turns, the picture drowned.
Beams and ground beams - in which Biles holds the world championship title - laughed.
She resumed again with 15,433 on the suspended beam - and put one on the floor with a 15,933.
Raisman embraced her gently as she awaited her Endergbuch - a pure formality - and tears flowed on Biles glossy red, white and blue eyeliner as the vision she once described in her collection book became a reality.
Raisman's performance was a revenge for the last time four years ago, when she fought for third place, but the bronze medal in a tiebrake went to Mustafina.
This time, the 22-year-old team captain, named by the Americans, had a lead.
After her ground exercise, she threw kiss hands to the audience, overwhelmed by a comeback that sometimes seemed doubtful.
As for Biles, the rapidly expanding tweet of the 19-year-old from early this week has a whole new meaning:
Police: 3 victims shot in serial murderer case while listening to music
According to police reports released Thursday, two women and a 12-year-old girl were shot dead in one of the deadliest attacks for a decade in the first serial murderer case of Phoenix while they were in the car and listened to music.
Angela Rochelle Liner, Stefanie R. Ellis and Ellis daughter Maleah were shot on June 12 while the car was parked in a driveway, authorities said.
The offender fired eight shots from a handfire weapon while standing on the front passenger side of the car and then fled with another vehicle, according to the report.
Police indicated that the triple murder did not appear to have been the result of a robbery, as the attacker did not take the handbags or the $2,900 that was in possession of one of the adult victims.
Phoenix Sgt police spokesman Jonathan Howard said the shooting led investigators to take a closer look at whether it is linked to four previous attacks.
In total, seven people have been killed and two others injured in nine attacks in Hispanic residential areas within four months.
"It happens in a residential area in front of a house," Howard told KHPO, a subsidiary of CBS, earlier this month.
It is believed the suspect has used several vehicles, including a brown Nissans from the late 1990s, a black BMW from the late 1990s and a white Cadillac or Lincoln.
Investigators refused to reveal the evidence they led to the conclusion that the attacks are linked and were committed by the same murderer.
Ellis, 33, was hospitalised due to her injuries and later died.
Liner, 31, and Ellis daughter Maleah still died on the ground.
A witness told police that it was not unusual for her to sit in a parked car and listen to music.
Authorities also released a police report on the shooting, aimed at an empty pickup truck half an hour before the triple murder, saying it was the work of the serial murderer.
Investigators found cartridge lizards and secured a bullet from the seat as well as bullet fragments from the engine room.
Mother of 6-year-old with microcephaly: "It gets better"
Like most 6-year-olds, Edmund Picciuto loves singing, toys and, of course, his mother.
But like the fewest of his ages, Edmund has microcephaly, the result of a genetic disorder over which his mother Elizabeth Picciuto knew nothing during her pregnancy.
When he came home the first time, my first thought was I didn't manage that.
I don't manage that.
I didn't get on that.
What is not true at all — of course, one has got on with it," she said.
Her husband, Vincent, and her husband were told that Edmund may never recognize them and that he may not even survive.
Some doctors even went so far as to suggest that they should institutionalize it.
"My first answer was' I didn't know that people were still doing it, '"Picciuto said.
Edmund can run with help.
Edmund could not sit or crawl until his third year of life and he still cannot speak.
But he is slowly making progress.
He can run with support and cycling.
He also loves to play and sing with his two brothers.
Elizabeth shows the character language, which Edmund has elaborated on for "Please sing me something before"."
"We bring him character language," Picciuto told CBS News.
But it's not a typical character language — she says Edmund has invented some characters alone.
Microcephaly has a variety of causes: genetic as well as edmund, as well as infections with viruses such as measles or the zikavirus during pregnancy.
Symptoms and predictions can vary greatly.
It is too early to say how it will affect the lives of those infected with the Zikavirus.
Picciuto remembers the emotional price of an uncertain future.
I constantly asked, what will happen?
What will happen?
And she still doesn't really know it.
I haven't asked for the forecast for a long time because I don't expect it to really tell me anyone.
But Picciuto has a hopeful piece of advice for mothers of babies with birth damage caused by the Zikavirus.
It gets better.
You know it will get better for you.
You will love your child and your child will love you.
Hurriedly rains, flooding gives cause for bailout in Louisiana, Mississippi
Hurried rains and large-scale flooding in Louisiana forced the governor to declare the emergency on Friday, with more rains expected throughout Saturday.
Numerous rivers in southeast Louisiana and the south of the Mississippis flooded their shores and threatened with large-scale flooding after extreme rains, the National Weather Service reported.
Louisiana governor John Bel Edwards said state officials are in constant contact with local authorities and are already on the move to the affected communities.
Mike Steele, a spokesman for the Governor's Office of Homeland Security and Emergency Preparedness, said the requests were for flood vehicles, boats and sandbags.
Steele said the municipality of Tangipahoa had requested ten thousand sandbags alone.
A flood warning system will be deployed across large parts of south Louisiana until Saturday.
The weather service said that an additional 3 to 5 inches of rain could fall in the area.
A flood early warning system was set up in south Alabamas on Friday, while mobile continues to rage.
The river Comite near Baton Rouges and the River Amite near Denham Springs, which are both located in Louisiana, will all likely reach record levels over the weekend.
Metereologist Alek Kraut says both rivers could flood many homes in suburban areas near Baton Rouge.
He also said a downstream flood in Ascension Parish poses a danger, as these will only slowly flow into Lake Maurepas over the faithful rivers.
The River Tickfaw, south of the Mississippi state border in Liverpool, Louisiana, reached the highest level ever recorded at 09.00 on Friday.
Rescue teams still burst people from floodwater in the Amite and Wilkinson districts in the southwest of Mississippi.
Leroy Hansford, his wife and his wife were among those rescued near Gloster on Friday.
Hansford, 62, says water from Beaver Creek, which is normally more than 400 feet from his home, has risen sharply overnight.
He said he had warned another Stefsohn who lives nearby.
"We woke up and the water streamed and flooded in," said Hansford.
It reached my waist.
His wife said Hansford had never seen such a high level of the river in the 48 years she lived there.
Hansford said he and his family members had all disabilities and he would be the only one to swim.
Hansford said Nothelfer had saved all three in a large military truck and brought them to the next fire guard in Gloster, where they were housed until Friday.
Kraut said the flood had "spread rapidly" as there continued to be heavy rains and that authorities were considering evacuation instructions.
According to Krauthann, an observer near Livingstone reported from midnight to Friday morning of 13.75 inches of rain.
Krauthmann said the ground had been significantly full-throated by the rains since Wednesday.
Authorities said heavy rains and roadblocks caused residents to rescue residents from their homes in Tangipahoa Parish and teaching outages in five school districts.
The CBS subsidiary, WWL, reported that a beige ordered in Tangipahoa had 200 flooded houses.
Residents were evacuated in two churches, which were now both flooded.
The commune of the community Robby Miller said authorities had rescued 72 people and seven pets washed up by flood waters.
Emergency shelters have been set up in the cities of Amite and Hammond to accommodate the evacuees.
"Once the water starts to go back, they will be able to go back to their homes," he said.
In the town of Hammond of the municipality of Tangipahoa, almost two dozen roads were closed due to flooding and sandbags for the residents hoping to keep the water out of their homes and shops.
"The last big flood we had was in March," said Lacy Landrum of the city government.
This seems to be a similar incident.
In Mississipp, emergency manager Rupert Lacy of Harrison County's emergency manager said it continued to rage on the Gulf Coast.
According to his details, a handful of houses are reported to have been flooded on Thursday, but none have been reported on Friday.
Keith Townson, manager at Shopper Value Foods in Amite, has been living in the area for 40 years.
"I've seen water in places I've never seen before," Townson said, "and it's still coming."
Mahaj Brown, 6, "cleared of bullets," survives shooting in Philadelphia
Police say the 6-year-old boy was shot in Philadelphia this week, the second time a 6-year-old child is being shot.
The boys' grandparents identified him for CBS Philadelphia as Mahaj Brown.
The grandparents said Brown suffered several shooting injuries including in the end, leg, arm and belly, but that he was in hospital when he was transported.
"He has gone through a lot, his small body has been cleared of bullets," his grandmother Delores Melendez told the broadcaster.
I just can't believe that.
The condition of the boy was considered critical in a hospital and he had to undergo several surgeries.
The boys' family told the broadcaster he expected to be regendered.
He should have started first class at a local elementary school.
Brown was one of four people shot in German town.
Three men were also shot: two aged 29 and a 32-year-old.
One of the 29-year-old men is in critical condition; the other two victims are in stable condition, according to CBS Philadelphia.
The boy was found lying up on the front seat of a car along with the 29-year-old, who is in a critical condition, reported the broadcaster.
The other two victims were not in the car and police were just determining whether to find themselves among one of the injured men of the offender.
Investigators told CBS Philadelphia that it apparently came to a crossfire between several shooters.
Cartridge sleeves for storm rifles, traced to various storm rifles, oversailed the Tatort.
It seems that this is clearly an ongoing battle.
On the road, on both sides of the walk, hung hulls.
So there appear to have been several armed fighters here who were very actively involved," police haul pman Anthony Ginaldi told the broadcaster in Philadelphia.
Several houses and vehicles have also been hit in the area.
No arrests have occurred and police are currently investigating the surveillance video.
On Tuesday, another 6-year-old girl was hit by a cross blaze at the arm as she played in front of her home in the residential area of West Oak Lane.
She is recovering and police are still searching for a suspect.
Why we need Simone, Gabby and Laurie
That's what I imagine under the women's Olympic team in the turret, for more than a reason.
First, I have been at every summer Olympics since 1984 and the USA has never been so dominant.
And second: this team has three turners, Simone Biles, Gabby Douglas and Lauren "Laurie" Hernandez, who were inspiring for many young girls of other skin color.
The structure of this team, which is Aly Raisman, who is Jüdin and Madison Kocian, who is a Catholic, makes everyone proud.
This team finally reflects the USA.
It solidified black and Hispanic female presence at the top of this sport.
In the past four years, number one among female turners was an Afro American.
Last year were Simone and Gabby # 1 and # 2.
It shows strength.
At the last Olympics, Gabby Douglas was a surprising Olympic win and America jubilant.
Now the world was able to be witness to the incredible performance of triple world champions Simone Biles, Douglas and Laurie Hernandez as they delivered unexpected but masterful gymastic routines.
On Thursday, Simone became the fourth, heterosexual American to win gold at an individual multi-fighting event for women.
Team member Aly Raisman won silver.
We are witnessing the top of this sport, but so do turn classes across the country.
Simone, Gabby and Laurie all suggested the same path as Aly and Madison to make it into the Olympic team.
They are the "Last Five," because the next Olympic man will have only four turners in the team, and that is the last year with Marta Karolyi as a trainer.
But the reality is that Turnen is an expensive sport, and Turner is primarily in private tournaments, which are maintained by parents who pay for the training, set-up, travel, competition and hotel costs (for the trainers and their turners and families); the list can be continued anywhere.
The majority of these turnaround clubs are in wealthy suburbs that can support the business.
In these clubs, the Turner will receive their entire training and that is an expensive and long-term commitment for the families.
Aimee Boorman, trainer of Simone Biles, and Maggie Haney, trainer of Laurie Hernandez, have both trained their athletes since they started the turret.
We must allow the communities aun innumerable, young girls, inspired by Simone, Gabby and Laurie, a more accessible and accessible tournament training.
I founded my Turn Foundation of 20 years.
At my events, we offered free and affordable tournaments in Harlem for more than 15,000 urban youth (mainly black and Hispanic) and trained national and international winners.
In September, we will expand to Detroit (my hometown) to offer youth high quality tournaments that deserve the opportunity to learn and benefit from this great Olympic sport.
Turnen develops strength, flexibility and coordination for the body as well as hard work, discipline and determination for the mind.
This combination offers lifelong benefits for health as well as for school and professional success.
It's the inspiration of this team that brings thousands of young girls to be interested in the turret and that's great.
It is so important to participate in sport, especially for girls.
It's such an exciting time.
Thanks Simone, Aly, Laurie, Gabby, Gabby, and Madison for this real representation of "Girl Power" by the hols of the Olympic team and thanks, motivating so many young girls with different backgrounds to start their way of becoming healthy, strong and successful young women.
Assistant doctors want to organise further strikes after they rejected Jeremy Hunt's proposal
Ministers had hoped to end the dispute over the changes by adopting a reformed contract with the British Medical Association functionaries, but 58 percent of the 33,000 assistant doctors who voted in an election rejected him.
In July, Hunt had unveiled plans to introduce the contract forcefully and said the NHS would be in a "niemandsland" and any further delay would be harmful to staff and patients.
The first assistant doctors are to receive a new contract that includes changes to night and weekend work to improve care at unreasonable times.
Dr Ellen McCourt, the chairwoman of the BMA Committees for Assistant Physicians, shared last night in a notice: "Assistant doctors have serious concerns about the proposed contract, particularly that it will fuel the current workforce crisis and manage to treat all doctors fairly."
With only eight weeks remaining, until the first group of doctors falls under the new contract, progress must be made and time is running out.
Efforts by the BMA to resolve the disputes caused by conversations with the government were reluctant to participate and sometimes to ear-numbing silence.
That's what happened to the promise Jeremy Hunt made only last month that his door would always be offensive.
"Jeremy Hunt must act now, lift up the force and address the concerns of assistant doctors."
If he fails to do so, assistant doctors have made it clear that they are ready to carry out further labour combat measures.
The last strike in late April saw an uptick of almost 13,000 routine operations and 100,000 dates, as nurses and specialist doctors were included to provide coverage to doctors on the strike chain.
Ministers had hoped to end the dispute over the changes by adopting the reformed treaty with the functionaries of the British Medical Association.
The BMA wants a better weekend pay for the 54.000 assistant doctors who will be subject to the contract.
Daniel Mortimer, director general of NHS staff, urged assistant doctors to end the strike.
Mortimer said: "Labor combat measures achieve nothing of only little, but already burden overburdened teams and service providers, and only prepare the patients, carers and their families for concerns, distress and disruption."
Over the last two months, we have spoken to the Assistant doctors' committee and have responded positively to the concerns about guardianship and whistleblowing with the Ministry of Health and other ministries.
Employers hoped that continued positive engagement on other important issues - such as posting, flexibility in training, extra training for those returning from a professional period, training centres, mutual recognition of the curriculum, training holidays, and the gender pay gap - were a sign of how serious it was for the employers, Health Education England and the Department of Health to comply with the agreements with the BMA in November, February and May.
The £2-a-day drug that can lower heart attack risk
Thousands of heart attack patients will benefit from a £2-per-day drug after authorities recommended that this more people be administered for a longer period of time.
The inhibitory drug Ticagrelor reduces the risk of repeated heart attacks for people with a heart disease.
The drug is already administered for 12 months after a heart attack, reducing the risk of stroke or another heart attack.
NICE regulator NICE has recommended a four-year intake to further reduce the risk of cardiovascular problems.
NICE regulator NICE has recommended a four-year intake to further reduce the risk of cardiovascular problems.
Around 140,000 people suffer a heart attack every year and a quarter of them suffer another heart attack or stroke.
Heart attacks and stroke attacks are caused by accumulating fat material in the arterial walls, which form coverings.
When the covering breaks apart, it can cause a blood clotting that closes blood flow to the heart, causing a heart attack.
When the blood clotting closes, it can flow through the blood stream and clog the blood flow to the brain, causing a stroke.
People who already had a heart attack are subject to higher risk.
Ticagrelor, made by the British company AstraZeneca and distributed under the trade name Brilique, reduces that risk by making the formation of blood clotting more unlikely.
NICE guidance, published today, recommends a 12-month intake of 90mg Ticagrelor, followed by 60mg with a twice-daily intake of aspirin for the next three years.
Professor Carole Longson, director of the NICE Health Technology Assessment Center said: "Despite the availability of secondary prevention, a quarter of all individuals who suffered a heart attack have another heart attack or stroke - often with disastrous consequences."
Fear of a renewed heart attack can have a significant negative impact on a person's quality of life.
Experience shows that Ticagrelor, in combination with Aspirin, is effective in reducing further heart attacks and stroke attacks in people who already had a heart attack.
Through a Ticagrelor preliminary recommendation, we are pleased that we are able to expand available treatment options to thousands of people who can benefit.
Information about the effectiveness and safety of Ticagrelor - especially the risk of blood - is limited to a period of up to three years, the guidance draft does not recommend treatment beyond that period.
Culture of political correctness flowing up electoral fraud in Muslim areas
The former mayor of Tower Hamlets Lutfor Rahman was removed last year at the request of a government report for corruption
A culture of political correctness has meant that widespread electoral fraud in Muslim communities is knowingly ignored as a damning government report revealed today.
Former Cabinet member Sir Eric Pickles verbally attacks the police, election observers and town hall officials for ignoring evidence of electoral abuse due to "oversensitivities regarding ethnie and religion."
The former minister for integration and municipal government, which is now an anti-corruption case, said the intimidation of voters from religious motives would be so bad that police should be allowed to set up lockers outside election cabins to protect intimidated voters.
He recommends that voters should carry a card to prove their identity in elections.
At the moment, a voter must only name his name and address.
The report suggests not applying removable ink to a person's finger when casting their electoral vote to prevent someone from electing twice.
Whistleblower should receive more protection, says Sir Eric.
He calls for the press to have more access to community documents and decisions from non-official commenters or working groups.
"This is not only against electoral fraud, but is also intended to protect the municipal government from the wider corruption and financial fraud culture that comes with it," he said.
The report was ordered by Downing Street as a result of Tower Hamlets electoral scandal in east London.
Last year, a special election court ruled that acting mayor Lutfor Rahman should be dismissed after a litany of corrupt and illegal practices of his office.
The court ruled Rahman had "perversely perverted" the religious feelings of his Muslim community, and that he would have silenced his critics with racial and Islamophobial accusations.
Rahman is said to have "conducted his campaign on the basis that it is the religious duty of Muslims to choose him."
Up to 300 votes were either doubtful or the consequence of an imitation in which one person chooses as someone else.
Sir Eric said there was evidence of fraud across the country.
In particular, he expressed alarm at the fraudulent electoral election - during which older members of the Muslim community had made pressure on people to choose a candidate of their choice.
Sir Eric, pictured, made several recommendations to sanitise the electoral system, including driving cards to prove identity
His report said: "As proof it was appropriate to put pressure on vulnerable members of some ethnic minorities, particularly women and young people, in order to vote in accordance with the will of older people, especially communities with Pakistani or Bangladeschian background.
"There were concerns that... state institutions knowingly ignored such behaviour due to "politically correct" oversensitivities regarding ethnie and religion."
Sir Eric made 50 recommendations to sanitise the system, including banning political activists from editing letter ballots to stop "election harvests."
The report, considered by Theresa May, also requires tougher registration checks to prevent the electoral directory being used for immigration and social fraud purposes.
Options consider asking voters for your ID before the election.
Use unremovable ink on a person's finger as soon as she cast her voice to prevent someone from electing twice.
To carry out systematic checks on the nationality of a person to ensure they are eligible to vote.
A three-year limit on requests for an automatic letter choice.
Prohibition that political activists process full letter elections and envelopes of letter elections.
The police give the power to set up closures around election stations.
A change of law that facilitates an indictment of intimidation under the Representation of the People Act 1983 (People's Representation Act 1983).
Photo ban in electoral stations.
The requirement that only English be used in electoral stations (except for Wales).
Intensification of training to ensure that employees enforce the rule that voters go to the electoral booth alone.
Sir Eric falls through the Metropolitan Police and finds it "amazing" that no criminal complaint was made after Tower Hamlets.
"The Electoral Court has declared Lutfor Rahman and his deputy to be unfit for purpose due to a litany of corrupt and illegal practices," he said.
For a number of reasons, he was found guilty sufficiently - according to the high requirements in the criminal proceedings.
He also criticises the impacted "abhakcontrols" of the electoral registration departments of the town hall.
Sir Eric said: "The court ruling in Tower Hamlets of last year was a warning signal.
Our country has a proud heritage as the mother of the parliaments, but the worrying and concealed spread of electoral fraud and denial of some authorities threaten this good reputation.
Crazy after Kates Radler double-handedness and other famous double-handedness of Olympic athletes in Rio
Fans of the 2016 Olympics in Rio are out this week about French cycling athletes, Pauline Ferrand-Prevot, out of edge and band, which has proved to be an impressive doubles of the Duchess of Cambridge.
But the 24-year-old Olympionikin is far from being the only gold-struggling athlete to have his own famous doppelgänger this summer - at least not when you can believe on social media.
In honour of the Rio Olympics and all the famous faces that currently flimsy on our screens, FEMAIL has created a list of Olympians that have more than just a certain similarity with Hollywood celebrities.
The hunter and the Wolf: Team member of the U.S. team in archery Brady Ellison, left, has been compared to Leonardo DiCaprio since his childhood
Besides Kates double-handedness on the cycling track, many people on the Internet pointed out how a certain arch shooter of A-Promi Leonardo DiCaprio could be.
The team member of the U.S. team in archery Brady Ellison has caused an onslaught on Twitter after images on which he looks uncanny similar to the Wolf of Wall Street star emerged.
In fact, the arch shooter got the madness on social media and admitted that he had already been told since his childhood that he looks like Leo.
"I see no great similarity, except for face-to-face," Brady told the Huffington Post.
"He's a gutsy guy, so I'm probably taking it as a compliment."
One of the most popular comparisons since London 2012 will undoubtedly be even more prominent this year: the alluring similarity between British springer Greg Rutherford and popular actor Neil Patrick Harris.
Russian turn Aliya Mustafina, with her large, expressive eyes, is to be seen as a double-handedness for Cuban-American singer Gloria Estefan.
And in the swimming pool, South African swimmer Cameron van der Burgh has been compared to Glee star Matthew Morrison for years.
A gear higher: This user believes that Nathan is the "athletic version" of the inception actor
Another persistent comparison was drawn between tennis star Rafael Nadal and actor Josh Hartnett, who have similarly heavy eyebrows and lips.
Russian silver medal swimmer Yulia Efimova has more than just sunken skin and blond hair like actress Anna Lynne McCord, while the American Nathan Adrian was attested by fans to equal an "athletic version of Joseph Gordon Levitt."
Strong women: Soccer star Hope Solo, left, and Dexter actress Jennifer Carpenter, right, have a similar facial shape and eyes
Not the only one: A Twitter user was very happy that others noticed the similarities too
The theory put into the room: According to this user, there may be a reason for the similarity of the couple
A Twitter userin explained her satisfaction that "the rest of the internet thinks that Hope Solo and Jennifer Carpenter are almost identical."
In fact, U.S. soccer star Hope Solo and Dexter actress Jennifer Carpenter have an incredibly similar face shape and eye.
Other popular comparisons included Kerri Walsh-Jennings and her smile, which is almost identical to that of actress Laura Linney, as well as gold medal winner in turret Gabby Douglas, who has her own wonderful, wide smile similar to that of Bring It On Star Gabrielle Union.
CBC commentator for the Olympics apologises for his statement that Chinese swimmers "have died like a pig"
Byron MacDonald's analysis of fourth place of 14-year-old Ai Yanhan at dr 4x200m free-style swimming season outraged viewers of the CBC live broadcast of the Olmypical games on Wednesday
Canadian broadcaster CBC had to apologise after one of its commentators said the 14-year-old Chinese swimmer "went off like Mief" and during the race like "a pig died."
Commentator Byron MacDonalds thought his microphone was switched off when he gave his own opinions at the end of the 4x200m free-style swimming season.
MacDonald, who had been picked up on board the CBS commentator to give more "color," could be heard saying: "This little 14-year-old Chinesin has lost the connection, baby."
Excited, went off like Mief, died like a pig.
Thank you for that.
Chinese swimmer Ai Yanhan, 14, swam the second stage of swimming season 1:57.79 - 1.61 seconds slower than Canada's Taylor ruck, allowing Canadians to close the gap with China.
Viewers across Canada quickly responded online after being shocked by the tone and language
Emmett Macfarlane tweeted, "Has the CBC commentator just said that the 14-year-old swimmer from China "has died like a pig"?"
The idiot did not realise they were still on shipment."
Ai Yanhan from China was described in the final 4 x 200m free-style swimming season for women: "This small 14-year-old Chinesin has lost the connection, baby."
The criticism against Byron MacDonald on Twitter came quickly and hard, when many made him speech
Twitter users didn't hold back when they heard how insensitive Byron MacDonald was
Another Twitter userin Sarah Paradis wrote: "Wow, #ByronMacDonald.
You represent the CBC and Canada and let us all look like racists. #eneked.
A short time later, Scott Russel, who moderated the CBC broadcast, apologized live for comment by MacDonald, saying: "We apologise that the comment was broadcast on a swimming performance."
It was an unhappy formulation, we're sorry it happened."
CBC apologized at the end over 90 times for people who responded to the bemusement via Twitter
Commentator Scott Russel had to apologise on behalf of MacDonald
CBC copied and added his apology to more than 90 other Twitter users who complained about the comments made by MacDonald
The network also apologised quickly and issued a notice.
We sincerely regret that these statements were made and that it was possible to broadcast them.
Yesterday night we apologised quickly to our viewers on broadcast and our followers on social media.
To make one thing clear, Byron's comments relate to the swimmer's performance, not to her as a person.
Nevertheless, they were inappropriate and an unhappy formulation, Byron does what he said.
On Thursday afternoon, MacDonald apologized in the broadcast and tried to justify his comment, saying it was not his intention to be interpreted as a personal attack.
"I would like to take a moment to apologise for the comment I made after the women's swimming season in the CBC Olympiscope," he said.
"I was referring to the performance of the swimmers and not to them as a person."
Of course no disrespect was intended and I am very sorry."
Shoppers in Primark outraged over woman who shamelessly tried underwear in the middle of business
Shoppers didn't know where to look when a woman pulled out their clothes amid a primark to try underwear.
To exacerbate the situation, she mustled as she looked in it, pulled her out and put her back on the shelf.
She continued to browse and tried four pairs of underwear at a shop at the Bouverie Place shopping centre in Folkestone.
The Primark shop at the Bouverie Place shopping centre in Folkestone, where the woman tried the underwear before putting her back in the shelf
A mother of two children, Jenny Davidson, who was at the store at the same time, said that after the mysterious woman tried underwear, "she got back up and left the business without buying anything."
She said: "People couldn't believe what they saw."
In the middle of the sales area, she took a pair of underwear from the outlay, pulled her own tights and trousers and tried them.
"She didn't even try to find a slightly more discreet place to do it - she just stood there, cheeky like Oscar."
"Everyone died when she pulled out the underwear that obviously didn't like her as she put her back on the shelf."
She repeated the same with three other underwear before finally deciding that she didn't like it, pulled back and rushed.
"She didn't seem to disrupt it that she was watching someone - or thinking about the person who might buy the underwear she tried."
Ms Davidson, 33, who lives in Kent, said: "How disgusting to think that someone would take home pants that had another person and who weren't washed."
The incident occurred on Tuesday afternoon.
Ms Davidson added: "As I got along, staff tried to pull the garments out of sale after she went - which is just as good."
"I would hate to go home with a new pair of underwear and find out another woman had her and pulled out again and didn't wash her."
A Primark spokesman said: "Primark is aware of the incident, which occurred on Tuesday 9 August at our Folkstone branch."
All eligible products were withdrawn from sale.
How to protect yourself with Krav Maga before gun attacks
The world outside is a dangerous place, but this video from DailyMail.com could make it a bit safer for you.
We spoke to Rhon Mizrachi, a grandmaster of the Krav Maga Association in New York, to find out how to deal with armed robbers at close distance.
Regardless of whether you are approaching you from front or back, this video shows how you turn the spieze around for your robber.
If you get closer to you from behind, you should turn around as first so you can see your attacker and "get out of the shot line," Mizrachi says.
Then take the weapon between your front arm and shoulder before beating it in your face with your free elbow.
Then put him in the bar with the knee and twist it while the attacker knocks together pain, the weapon from his hands, and move backwards while targeting the weapon.
In attackers approaching from the front, the technique is similar - move your body out of the shot line, take the weapon and twist it so the attacker can't shoot.
At the same time, put the weight on the weapon and beat the attacker to the chest, then twist the weapon out of his grip before moving backwards and targeting the weapon.
Does it sound difficult?
Watch the video to see exactly how Mizrachi pretended.
But remember that in a robbery, it's safest to hand over your money - unless you're a Krav Maga grandmaster.
Travel guide Ian Wright sends his tongue to the dirtiest places in Europe
A British traveller subjected his immune system and Würgereflex to serious scrutiny - by deleting some of Europe's dirtiest and most egregious places.
The presenter and travel writer, Ian Wright, 51, from Suffolk, departed from Suffolk on a Euro-gig, a railroad at Piccadilly Circus, a sprinkler of a train toilet and a public phone in Russia to prove the resilience of his immune system.
Before leaving each object, he used a luminometer to show himself and us what he was going to get into.
But the experiment, which was filmed under the title "The Lickhiker's Guide to Inner Strength," brought some surprising results to light.
The idea of leaking the sprinkler of a train toilet, already used by thousands of others, may be completely repulsive, but in fact there are more bad bacteria in a kitchen flush.
On his journey through Europe, Mr Wright spoke to doctors and medical professionals about the promotion of intestinal bacteria and his own health.
Luckily nothing left him behind, more than a bad aftertaste in the mouth.
Mr. Wright became known for testing the resilience of his intestine by traveling through the world and offering strange and wonderful things.
From public changes at stations to flushing toilets, the task definitely put his immune system under a sample
In the film, he said: "Already as a child I was relatively unconcerned as to my health and I put all sorts of things into my mouth, earth, worms and mud water."
In the film, he was in any case fair to his reputation.
The only thing he refused was a dirty public toilet in Russia.
His sample was a luminometer number of over 4000 units.
In comparison, the luminometer number of freshly washed hands is less than 60.
But there was a Russian toilet he refused to lick after her luminometer number was over 4000 units, while freshly washed hands have one of less than 60
Mr. Wright and the Finnish manufacturer of dairy products Valio produced the travel film "The Lickhiker's Guide to Inner Strength" which shows the bacteria number in different places like the bathroom
In the film, he says: "That comes down to the worst thing I've gotten in a toilet."
There is nothing more dirty than that!
I'm not going to lick anything here because it's indoors here.
"The Lickhiker's Guide to Inner Strength" was produced in collaboration with the Finnish manufacturer of dairy products Valio.
The company is equipping Mr. Wright with Valio Gefilus, which includes both lactic acid bacteria as well as vitamin C and D to support the promotion of intestinal bacteria and the immune system.
Valios Senior Venice President for snacks, juices and new categories Niko Vuorenmaa says: "We really wanted to offer consumers something new.
Something that's fascinating to look at while explaining the benefits of probiotics.
We ran crazy brainstormings that ended that we said "Let's call Ian."
They claim interest in intestinal health is becoming a global phenomenon
Instead of talking about the products, we wanted to put them in a wider context - the good and bad bacteria in our everyday environment, the importance of intestinal health and how it is linked to the immune system.
The growing interest in intestinal health is a global phenomenon and with the documentary we have been able to provide consumers with more information in an interesting way.
I also think the film shows we have a great sense of humour!
Tom Hakala, who led the film's directing, added: "Let me say it like that - I would have lost my respect for Ian if he had loved some of the things I'd instructed him to lick, like the eerie Russian toilet shown in the film."
Of course, there were things where it was easier to get Ian to lick them and others where this was pretty difficult.
I'm glad we've taken some of these dirty leaks on film."
In a 2015 survey conducted by Valio, 84 percent of all respondents associated lactic acid bacteria, particularly with the wellbeing of stomach and intestines, and 58 percent said they at least occasionally use products containing attached lactic acid bacteria.
Asocial family destroyed before delogulation of social housing in Saltash, Cornwall
An asocial family left her social flat after a delogit with a £50,000 damage because she terrorised her neighbours.
Tanya Skeldon and her partner Shaun Trebilcock were thrown from their estate in Saltash, Cornwall, after a long list of complaints.
After being forcibly removed from their estate, shocked employees of the housing cooperative found the property in a irreparable condition.
The walls pointed out crushing holes, wooden walkways were rounded up, rubbish was strewn on the floor and graffiti was leaked to the walls.
The family were relocated and it is believed she now lives in a private accommodation
Donna McEvoy, who works for house management at Cornwall Housing, said she fears the apartment will no longer be repaired.
She said: "It was an absolute nightmare for people here and I think people don't have to live in that way.
There are many things to consider because this estate will presumably be considered as not such a beautiful part of Cornwall.
The family is notorious and their reputation is too.
The couple had three sons, who meanwhile lived in the flat and police said the terror the family inflicted on them was street fights with baseball sleepers, intimidation of residents, drug abuse, drug trafficking and excessive cries, disputes and curses.
Skeldon, 47, whose name was on the lease, got an injunction for anti-social behaviour in June.
In some rooms of the house that may be demolished, old rubbish was found
In the estate where drugs have been traded in the past, the wooden diets were spotted
Neighbours said they saw them fighting on the street and had to regularly call the police
Cornwall Housing deloged her and her partner violently from the estate this week after giving them a longer period of 11 weeks to voluntarily pull out.
Delogulation was cheered by facilitated neighbours who said their lives were made to hell.
One said: "They didn't care about anyone."
We lived 20 years next to them and it was always bad.
The countless times we tell the police here are incredible.
"This morning we couldn't sleep."
We stood up because it was so quiet here - we weren't used to it!
Now that they are finally away, it will be nice.
Adam Fitzpatrick, the Neighbourhood Enforcement Manager of Cornwall Housing, said the family had failed to cooperate with local authorities.
The family lived for 20 years in the house where police were called at regular intervals
Rubbish and old toys were dumped down on the overgrown side of the municipal house
He added: "It's a shame that the tenant declined to accept any responsibility for their behaviour and that of their family, because delogulation is always the last step considering Cornwall Housing.
This was a very difficult case because the behaviour was extreme and their actions had to be terribly seen for their neighbours.
I appreciate all the work that has been done by my team, the Devon and Cornwall police, and members of the community, who have courageously entered us and have provided us with the information.
I hope that this development will donate consolation to some neighbours, conveying the message that anti-social behaviour is not tolerated.
Fitzpatrick said all three sons had lived at different times at the house, but that they were all over 20.
A dirty mattress left behind in one of the bedrooms of the house after delogening on the floor
House management workers will now have to clean away rubbish mountains that surround the house
In 2014, police carried out a Razzia in the house and found over 70g of cannabis as well as scales, paraphernalia and cash of £1,700.
Skeldon received a fine after pleading guilty to possession of a Class B drug in commercial intent.
She claimed the money was for a tombstone of her son, Lee Skeldon, who died in a car accident in 2013.
After they were without homeless, it is believed Tanya and her partner are now living in a private accommodation in Plymouth.
Many room walls of the house were lined with graffiti.
Police say she will delogulate tenants who don't stick to house order
Angela Crow, from Devon and Cornwall police, said delogulation was a clear warning to the other tenants who don't stick to the house order.
"This goes to those who think they can behave without self-accusations as well as those who have been victimized by such behaviour," she said.
Devon and Cornwall police will never tolerate criminal and anti-social behaviour that will continue to work with partners to protect our communities.
Tourists in Portugal panic after a low-flying military jet overflies
Sun worshippers in Aveiro, Portugal experienced the shock of their lives
A Portuguese P-3C Orion air force P-3C plane put an incredible crash
The air force said it was on a training flight but insisted there was no security risk
This was the moment that altered tourists began to panic after a low-flying jet crashed down a full beach.
Dramatic video recordings showed how the military plane flew almost within a tangible distance above the sun worshippers on the beach section in Aveiro in northern Portugal.
Holidaymakers spranked up when they understandably began to worry about the noise of the jet engines without first seeing what came through the clouds.
The incident occurred yesterday afternoon in Costa Nova, near Aveiro.
Daniel Fernandes, one of the many holidaymakers who posted videos of the dramatic Fly-By on social media, said: "It really flew very deeply twice and there was a moment when it looked like it was crashing down."
Nuno Arroja added: "I was just surfing and it felt like the plane was falling down on me."
Tourists at Aveiro beach were in panic when the plane came out of the darkness and flew incredibly deep
The Portuguese air force today announced that the pilot of the P-3C Orion aircraft was on a training flight to identify fishing boats off the coast and had to fly so deep that this was the only way to detect them.
The spokesman said the jet flew slightly deeper than usual due to poor visibility due to nearby land fires, but the air force insisted the safety was at no time at risk.
Land fires this summer destroyed parts of the Portuguese mainland, where four people were also killed on the island of Madeira.
The Portuguese air force today admitted that the pilot had to fly so deep due to the conditions - strong fog and fire smoke - which restricted his view
The plane was on a training flight where the pilot had to identify fishing boats as part of the exercise
Supercup: Barca with worries against Sevilla
Sevilla - FC Barcelona is fighting Sunday for the first step towards the first title win in the new football season.
The Catalans compete in the duel for the Spanish Supercup against FC Sevilla, the back play will go up three days later at Camp Nou.
The double winner will have to renounce in the forces fairs with the underprivileged cupfinalist and reigning Europa League champion among others on Neymar, who competes with Brazil the Olympic football tournament.
Goalie Marc-Andre ter Stegen also lacks.
In the course of the training, the German suffered a bump-dust in the knee, making the appeal at Barca at least for the time being in favour of Claudio Bravo.
The Chilean international and Ter Stegen have been competing for status in Barcelona for two years.
Coach Luis Enrique has thus far refrained from making a clear decision in this respect, leaving Bravo in the league, but Ter Stegen in most other applications is taking the lead.
Before the first mandatory game of the new season, there are doubts at the Spanish champions about the fitness state of the team, which was humiliated in a Test match by Liverpool with 0:4 on Saturday.
Even at 3:2 in the protest against Sampdoria on Wednesday, Lionel Messi and Co. were not really convinced.
Sevilla, in turn, has to digest the 2:3 defeat after extension in the European Supercup against Real Madrid and is aiming for the second triumph at the "SuperCOPA de Espana."
Barcelona is the record winner in this competition with eleven successes so far.
Ma Long in his own league to table tennis gold
Rio de Janeiro - Chinese Ma Long is the new table tennis Olympic champion.
The 27-year-old defeated his compatriot and "title defender" Zhang Jike 4:0 (12.5.4.4) on Thursday in Rio de Janeiro in a one-sided final.
Thus, the world rankings first took the "Golden Grand Slam" with successes at World Cup, World Cup, World Tour final and Olympia.
Bronze went to Japanese Jun Mizutani.
The two Chinese made it into the final game as expected and made the title one among themselves.
It was clear that for the third time in a row a Chinese would pick the single title in the five rings.
Last non-Chinese at the top Olympic staircase was former SVS-NÖ legionaire Ryu Seung-min from South Korea.
Ma and Zhang were left on the plate alone, between the sentences and during time-outs they had no coaches in themselves.
They had moved back to the gallery and left their protectors alone in the fair competition.
"The matches to here I played for my country."
"In the finals I play for myself," Zhang had consistently said.
After the match, gold and silver medal winners competed with the China flag.
The match itself was unexpectedly biased.
Ma had really struggled with his 28-year-old opponent only in the first set.
After that, he set the pace at the plate, leaving Zhang with a total of 13 points.
The superiority of Ma did not develop the expected match.
Nevertheless, there were nonetheless plenty of breathtaking ball changes.
Mizutani won the match for bronze against 40-year-old Vladimir Samsonov 4:1.
In his quarter-final against the German European champion, Dimitrij Ovtcharov, the white russe had a rib injury, was then in medical treatment, had to settle "eventually" with bleach.
The Swedes Jan-Ove Holland (38/2004) and Jörgen Persson (42/2008), by the way, were in similarly high table tennis age Olympic fourth.
Donald Trump admits ″ huge problems ″ in election campaign
The leadership of the U.S. Republicans is plagued by massive concerns, even in traditionally conservative states.
Presidential candidate Donald Trump has now admitted weaknesses of his election campaign in the Republican stronghold of Utah.
A rare moment when the normally big-spurned and self-reliant multi-millionaire expressed something like concerns, correspondents reported.
After throwing 16 rivals inside the Republican camp, doubts are now growing about his success in the battle for the White House.
"We have huge problems in Utah," Trump said of evangelical Christians, who he asked for support in key states such as Ohio, Florida or Virginia.
Guilt was false reports of his candidature, he resumed his well-known media blaze.
Republican strongholds wacky
Utah is usually a safe bank for Republicans.
According to a June poll by SurveyUSA, Trump and his rival, Hillary Clinton, were equal.
Other institutes see Trump ahead, though not with the distance that is common for Republican candidates in the state.
Arizona and Georgia are also considered endangered.
In an interview by CNBC sen. Trump, Trump responded to how he wanted to stop Clinton's advance: "Just as I have done so far."
And shouting back: This will "either succeed, or I'll make a very nice, long holiday."
He does nothing else than "tell the truth."
If there is not enough for him in the end for reasons of political correctness, that's fine, Trump continued.
Then I return to a very good way of life.
According to press reports, the party is supposed to have threatened Trump to cancel funds to support his campaign, should he not be able to present better poll values.
Instead, the Republicans' candidates want to get more under-represented.
Olympia: Trieste cheating on doping test
The IOC wants to set up a disciplinary commission on the case.
Kenya's light athletes are at risk after the second doping affair at the Rio de Janeiro Ungemach Olympics.
Kenya sent a coach home after a scam at a doping control in the Olympic Village.
The International Olympic Committee announced that it would immediately set up a disciplinary commission to investigate the case.
A Kenyan functionary had announced that the former sprinter and current coach, John Anzrah, had made an urine sample in the Olympic village under the name of 800-meter runner Ferguson Rotich.
This was reported to Kenya's team management by the doping controllers.
The IAAF World Association has asked the IOC for information on the case to make its own investigations, an IAAF spokesman said.
"Depending on the results of the investigation and the subsequent actions of the IOC, the IAAF will make an assessment," it said in an IAAF statement.
"He (Anzrah) has gone to the doping control station and has issued himself as Ferguson Rotich, rehearsed and signed, declared Kenya's chief of mission Stephan Arap Soi.
He was in possession of the athlete's accreditation, which was on the list for the World Anti-Doping Agency's training controls.
Ferguson Rotich had become more than 800 metres in Beijing in 2015.
Four days earlier, Kenyan lightweight athletics chief Michael Rotich had been dragged away from the Rio Games.
He is said to have briefed his country's athletes on money payments on upcoming doping tests.
According to media reports, he should have been arrested on his return at Nairobi Airport.
Kenya has been under special observation at the IOC for a long time after numerous doping offences.
In announcing the more than 2,000 doping target controls put in place by the IOC before the Rio Games, it was unusually previously pointed out that athletes from Kenya and Russia are specifically targeted.
The World Anti-Doping Agency had put a lot of pressure on the African country before the summer games in Brazil to create an anti-doping law and a functioning control system.
The law was passed just weeks before Olympic start.
As a result, WADA Kenya took on the list of countries whose doping control is compliant with WADA's rules.
Kenya is considered a big runner nation.
The country's lightweight athletes won most medals at the 2015 World Cup in Beijing.
A number of ARD television reports repeatedly raised allegations that Kenya's doping funds are easily accessible and there is to be a significant mentality of sports fraud.
IOC member Richard Pound last called for a similar investigation in Kenya as he employed her in Russian lightweight athletics.
It has been demonstrated that the sport has been comprehensively and systematically doped in this sport.
Russia's light athletes were subsequently excluded from the summer games.
Salzburg "West Side Story" with Cecilia Bartoli
In the Shakespeare year, the Salzburg Festival presents the "West Side Story" with Tony and Maria as a tragic love couple, similar to Romeo and Julia.
With a surprising Cecilia Bartoli.
A musical conquered Salzburg: the "West Side Story," Leornard Bernstein's masterpiece.
The artistic director, Cecilia Bartoli, wanted to bring the musical into the Temple of Classics and fulfilled a youth dream with the role of Maria.
In the orchestra, the Simón Bolívar orchestra led by the Venezuelan conductor Gustavo Dudamel: "This music is full of rhythm," he swarmed.
We always say that she is very Latin American.
There are many Latin American ingredients at their pace and melody.
It's a wonderful mix, the perfect recipe for our orchestra.
I would say we really have Bernstein's music in our blood!
Bartoli plays an older mary in this staging.
She remembers her love with Tony, while the younger Maria plays and dance.
The role of Maria has always fascinated me.
First because it is musically extraordinary!
And then there would be Maria's personality.
She says it in her song: "I feel pretty, oh so beautiful, I feel pretty and witty and bright".
So she is wise, obviously naive, and very passionate.
"It resembles me very much, my Italian character, who I have as a Roman," laughs Bartoli.
Dudamel is full of praise for the opera singer: "Cecilia is a wonderful artist."
It's such an honor for us to work with her.
She is an immensely generous person.
And Bartoli returns the compliment: "Dudamel is such an extraordinary artist and very passionate!"
Conducting is a necessity for him.
You see it in each of his movements, in his looks, it's his life!
It's such a huge opportunity to share this musical experience with him.
We both have a more southern temperament, a fire, a passion and also a cheerful approach to life, which is very important at all!
For American director Philip Wm McKinley, the "West Side Story" is highly topical: "This piece is about prejudice and fanaticism."
Today we have the refugees, then the Puertorians went to New York, and the New York residents didn't want them.
These are the same issues, and they are just as meaningful today as they were then.
59 years later, the piece is still relevant.
London schoolgirl who follows IS was killed in Syria
Kadiza Sultana, one of three British schoolgirls who left London last year to join the IS, reportedly died in Syria.
Attorney Tasnime Akunjee said her family learned from her death in Raqqa, Syria, a few weeks ago.
It was believed she was killed by a Russian air raid in Raqqa, the group's bulwark in the country, ITV News reported on Thursday.
Sultana was 17 years old and died, according to her family, shortly after she pretended to leave the war-torn country and return to England.
"You can only hope that the only good thing lies in it - as a reminder and warning to others that these are the risks associated with going into a war zone - people from ever making that decision," Akunjee said.
In February 2015, Sultana and two other schoolgirls from east London stepped into a plane heading towards Turkey and then into a bus to the Syrian border.
Sultana's family was told she married an ISIS fighter in Syria - and became a widow within a few months.
Reid says Clinton will stay at Garland in case of electoral victory at Garland
Harry Reid, leader of Democrats in the Senate, is convinced that Democrat presidential nominee Hillary Clinton will nominate Judge Merrick Garland for the Supreme Court.
Republicans in the Senate have blocked Garland's confirmation since his nomination by Barack Obama in March.
Majority leader in Senate Mitch McConnell believes the next president will appoint the successor to the late judge, Antonin Scalia.
Reid said Thursday during a telephone conference that he expects Clinton to select Garland "with a certain degree of certainty."
A Reid spokeswoman later said he had not yet spoken to Clinton whether she would nominate Garland and he speculated.
He praised Garland, saying Clinton's team would not care for unrest with a new candidate.
Garland is the top judge for the U.S. Appellation Court for the District of Columbia.
Raid said Republicans blocked Garland's nomination, be lacklustre and helpers of Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump.
He also noted that Donald Trump is unfit for the presidential race.
Treats want Nacktkalendar for "women and for men"
Treats magazine is working with photographer David Bellemere to bring out a 1970s Pirelli-inspired Kalendar for 2017.
But instead of famous naked people, they want to find the next generation of topmodels for their NU Muses Kalendar for 2017.
The editor-in-chief of Treats Steve Shaw told us earlier this year that his nude magazine of Oldschool Playboys was different because "Playboy is for men."
I do that for women.
He seems to think that the Kalendar is doing it too.
"We must return to the representation of timeless and classical nakedness, where both women and men feel comfortable and feel inspired by these images of a female body," Shaw said in a press release to publish the calendar.
Women will want to participate in this project because it's a wonderful work of art.
Models can submit their images online or personally at open casting call in Los Angeles and New York.
Turkey: Kurdish community expects mass exodus
"Anyone who doesn't suit and praises Erdogan is sitting on packed caffeine," says the chair of the Gülen-close foundation Dialogue and World, Ercan Karakoyun.
In the short term, the Kurdish community of Germany is counting on tens of thousands of protectors fleeing Turkey to Germany.
In the medium term, it could even be "a few hundred thousand", believes the association chairman, Ali Toprak.
Due to the hard action of Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan after the coup attempt, the Kurdish community of Germany expects a mass exodus to Germany.
"In the short term, I reckon with tens of thousands, with a few hundred thousand protectors from Turkey in Germany in the medium term, when the Erdogan regime continues to fight minorities and democratic opposition," says association chairman Ali Toprak of the "world" of Friday.
Because the government had already overrun Kurdish strongholds with punitive actions months ago, 500,000 Kurds within Turkey are on their way.
After the sworn coup, secular and opposition ethnic Turks were still in addition.
Many will want to start new in Europe if they are further oppressed in Turkey.
"It cannot be that a state that even takes up refugees produces refugees in their own country," Toprak said.
The association chief lamented the targeted settlement of Syrian Arabs in Kurdish, but also in Alevilian towns.
In doing so, Erdogan wants to increase exit pressure on the remaining Kurds.
"They are the last large minority in Turkey, the Christian Armenians and Greeks have already been eradicated or displaced over the past hundred years," said Toprak, who is also CDU member.
The association chief called for the federal government to be "as sharp as Austria against Erdogan and its supporters."
In Germany, too, a "witch hunt" is taking place against Erdogan critics.
I don't feel safe in Germany for the first time in recent months.
The German branch of the Gülen movement also fears the exodus of many Turks abroad.
More Turks will seek asylum in Germany, especially Kurds and opposition activists.
The brand mark as Gülen trailer annihilates teachers and other academics.
"Anyone who doesn't suit and praises Erdogan is sitting on packed caffeine, by the way, the kemalists and seculars," said Ercan Karakoyun, chairman of the Gülen-based foundation Dialogue and Education, the "world."
As the newspaper reports, citing figures from the Federal Ministry of the Interior, the Turks made the largest group of asylum seekers recognised for political persecution in Germany before the coup.
On June 30, 30, this was 11,386 people, and thus almost 29 percent of all recognised applicants (39,625).
This survey does not find the benefits of war, poverty or lack of prospects.
According to the Basic Law, asylum rights are exclusively political, i.e. from the state side.
Mecklenburg-Vorpommern: "Dahin go where it hurts"
Seldicames Mecklenburg-Vorpommern: locals get nothing from the summer election campaign - and holidaymakers from North Rhine-Westphalia are not allowed to choose the landtag.
In Mecklenburg-Vorpommern they understood.
In 2021, the election of the country will not take place again at the end of the summer holidays, the Schwerins Parliament decided earlier this year.
This is not the case in the past: summer holidays, heat and the election of the country.
The locals, who will be persuaded by the election campaigners, are on holiday.
The vast majority of holidaymakers in the country, on Usedom, Rügen or Hiddensee, are not locals, so are not allowed to choose the land day.
There are practical problems: in the holidays, helpers who hang up posters, blow up air balloons, distribute flyers and count votes at the end of the day, only painstakingly pick up.
Until September 4, 2016, the election and final day of the day, Mecklenburg-Vorpommern will have to leave the race just short of the people.
The hot phase, if you can say that at all, has just begun.
And it's also about something: Prime Minister Erwin Sellering, leader of a SPD / CDU coalition, must fear for his office.
The SPD, the strongest party since 1998, is now clearly behind the CDU in polls.
What is exciting is how much neuling AfD cuts and what's left at the end of coalition dust.
Sellering, 66 years old and since 2008 head of government, makes an almost inconspicuous campaign, seen from his large posters.
He travels through the country, distributes roses and speaks a little with the people, just as his legendary legendary predecessor Harald Ringstorff did.
Otherwise, soul ring has got cold feet and gives Chancellor Merkel the blame at the AfD.
Her refugee policy, her "We are creating that," has accelerated the rise of right-wing populists, which is now likely to cost him the beautiful office.
The CDU, with its top candidate, the Interior Minister Lorenz Caffier, has already experienced how it is to campaign at the wrong time in the right place.
She has twice invited Chancellor Angela Merkel to large-scale demonstrations; Merkel Bundestag constituency is in the north east.
But the target group did not agree, it was more North Rhine-Westphalia, Berlin and Saxony than Mecklenburger and Vorpommern.
"There was probably a majority of other federal states," Vincent Kokert, general Secretary of the CDU in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, recently told NDR.
But it also pity anyone from other corners of Germany to listen to Angela Merkel once.
Otherwise, the North-East CDU largely renounces the usual election campaigns on marketplaces and in front of shopping centres with umbrellas and balloons.
This, Kokert believes, only plays a "subordinate role."
The union, too, has noticed that the country is leaving the base, that it must make great efforts to find a wire to the people again.
It is like the Left, the SPD, the Greens: there are hardly any in the country's expanses.
However, the CDU elector Kokert, to his co-conspirators, is also self-sustaining: "They must go where it hurts, which is where the people are: village festivals, golden weddings, every birthday party must be used."
Because much is at stake, Sellering has now called his SPD a particularly committed campaign.
In polls, the Social Democrats last stood at 22 percent behind partners CDU (25) and just short of the AfD (19).
In the 2011 election, the SPD had still clearly won 35.6 percent before the CDU (22).
The Greens, small party with seven percent in the polls, are expected to make the leap into the landtag.
They make a modern virtue from holiday distress and largely transfer their campaign to the Internet.
"Online election campaign," says state chairman Claudia Müller.
Otherwise, green election campaigners will go on track searching for local voting citizens among holidaymakers.
Silke Gajek, the top candidate, curvy with a house boat through the Mecklenburg Lakes and also finds it beautiful.
Her impression: "Electoral leave in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern is not a punishment."
B27 refurbishment: Restaurants suffer closure
There is nothing to mess with the speed with which the B 27 is rehabilitated.
There is always praise for those responsible for the construction work, which start at 5.30 a.m. and only end at around 20 p.m.
"They made everything pretty crunchy," says Elvira Tetzlaff of the jet petrol station.
It's a super team.
Nor is there any delay.
The construction site could be moved to the south at half-time at half-time, and everything should be finished by the end of October.
The compensation of those responsible for the construction work will also be praised, for example when it comes to the establishment of temporary occupations.
Since the construction site moved south on Monday, and the closure of Aspergstraße in Ofterdingen has also been lifted, and the connection to Rottenburg has also been restored, the traffic situation within the location has been relaxed.
The citizens can now travel from Ofterdingen to the B 27 again.
The traffic through the place seems to be going back.
"There were some significant complaints in some cases," says deputy chief executive, Florian King, responsible for the transportation management management.
The residents of Bachelierstrasse, Steinlaughstrasse, Hafnerstrasse and Weiherrain were struggling with more traffic noise because many surreptitious routes were searched and more familiar to their Navi than the signposting.
This resulted in some lorries being franked in residential areas.
As speed limits were also not met, the municipality demanded the measuring vehicle from Mössingen.
"There have been significant overruns," says King, who made himself aware of the situation on the ground.
Two to three a minute have already passed.
The quickest was travelling at 77-hour kilometres in the Tempo -30 zone.
Since the construction site moved on, it has become more quiet.
For business people at the B 27, it is only a small consolation that for customers from Rottenburg the road is open again.
Businesses cannot look into the cards.
But that the B 27 refurbishment has led to sales blows in them leaves everyone wondering.
However, some more and some are less affected.
Those who have less to do with "end customers", so for other companies, have little impact.
Even at the Maier car house, Thomas Sulz talks of a "at most slight decline" but also acknowledges that of course "the runner-up is missing."
The most heavily battered are the locals along the road.
J. Albert Göhner, owner of the Steakhouse, formerly crown, finds clear words.
This is already existential.
Not only him, but all restaurants have "hit hard."
The customers were missing from Hechingen, Balingen and Rottweil.
We must be happy with every euro turnover.
He cites the losses as "well over 50 percent."
The road refurbishment had "thrown back at two years."
Half of his employees have had to dismiss him.
If I had a company with 4,000 employees and half would have been dismissed, the policy would have reacted differently.
Instead, government president Jörg Schmidt has responded to a request from Göhner whether there could be a financial compensation, with the reference that the restaurant of professional animals otherwise of the benefits of the situation on the B 27, must also bear in mind the disadvantages caused by the refurbishment.
Göhner knows from other districts where so much more generous was handled.
In all cases, Göhner is sure that his restaurant will continue.
After all, the family business has been here since 1715, he points out the long history.
The fact that other regular guests are now seeing less frequently due to the complicated traffic management can be understood.
If you can't drive, it's beautiful elsewhere.
Göhner has no doubts that his regular clientele will come back after the restoration work.
Despite the crises with BSE and avian influenza, Göhner considers the impact of the B 27 construction work on his clientele to be the biggest crisis his restaurant has experienced in its long history.
Six months of construction work, that is already brutal.
In the name of the fight against terrorism, laws are constantly being violated.
After the latest attacks, Interior Minister de Maizière is now presenting a thick security package.
But what has a tolerance status to do with terror?
And what does the coalition partner say to all that?
Thomas de Maizière gives the conciliatory.
All his proposals are "politically reasonable" for the coalition partner, says the Federal Interior Minister when presenting his new security package.
They don't overrule anyone.
Other, broader points would initially be discussed within the parties.
I also participate in that.
As an interior minister, however, he is interested in results and in a "workable consensus" within the coalition.
After the recent attacks in Würzburg and Ansbach, De Maizière has taken a little time away before presenting his conclusions for security in the Republic.
But these are all the more extensive.
Some are already familiar, announcing that a new security agency is to crack down on cracking encrypted communications.
Nor does Germany have to implement several EU requirements on passenger data and gun rights.
The call for more video surveillance and staff for the security agencies is also not surprising.
In part, de Maizière is launching a second start for proposals that have not yet been made with the SPD: he wants to criminalise sympathy for terrorist groups and knock off jihadists with dual citizenship, the German passport.
"These will be difficult points for the SPD," the CDU man admits.
He considers this to be reasonable, nor does he claim anything that has no chance at the coalition partner anyway.
A few new ideas are also presented to de Maizière.
They are partly in themselves: he plans fast-track procedures for detachment and more ways of detaining people from deportation.
Refugees who are specifically picked up into the country are to check their smartphones before, disclosing social media accounts for a security review.
He wants to make some even worse for rejected asylum seekers than before - such as those committing crimes or deliberately throwing away their papers to conceal their identity.
Some of it is politically and legally sensitive.
Some are also still impacting, leaving questions open.
And on some points - in the unequal treatment of patience, for example - the question arises: what does this actually have to do with security and terror?
Yes, says de Maizière, it is important to differentiate between the issues of refugees and terror.
But it cannot be denied that the attackers of Ansbach and Würzburg were refugees.
In addition, many people worried about security, given the high numbers of refugees.
And things that deeply employed people could not be excluded even during election campaigns.
Internal security has been hugely concentrated.
Only the attacks in the neighbourhood: Paris, Copenhagen, Brussels, Nice.
Then the attacks in Würzburg and Ansbach.
The uncertainty is great.
And yes, there are election campaigns.
The Union and SPD are therefore increasingly concerned about internal security.
In the past few days, the two parties have been high.
Only a garish dispute over the equivalence of the federal police, then through a security policy collection of some unions interior ministers, in which department chiefs also call for a burqa ban and a departure from dual citizenship.
De Maizière is also tired of conciliatory sounds here.
From a departure from the double pass, he holds nothing.
We have befriended the discussion in Germany.
To re-establish it does not make sense.
And in a burqa ban, he has constitutional concerns.
Whether his own package is constitutional on all corners, and whether it is actually "reasonable" for the coalition partner, has yet to show up.
There are some things that could cause controversy.
But the SPD is also trying to profile itself on internal security.
Party leader Sigmar Gabriel only once signalled cautious conversation, saying: "The SPD is willing to talk about everything that helps to further increase security."
Volkswagen is still glimpsed.
Despite diesel scandal, delivery numbers are rising worldwide.
But it is not in all markets.
There is a spinal cord in the recall campaign.
Volkswagen will start deliveries more cautiously in the second half of the year.
In spite of the diesel affair, Europe's largest car manufacturer can continue to show a plus in the past year despite its many brands and some well-run markets.
But in July, the core brand VW weakened mainly in Western Europe, thereby restarting the overall sale, as indicated by the Dax company.
Worldwide, the VW brand sold 1.8 percent fewer cars in July with 449100 cars than the same month last year.
In Western Europe alone, after China the second most important market, sales were 14 percent lower than last year.
In the home market Germany, deliveries sacked by almost a sixth.
Brand sales chief Jürgen Stackmann led the weaker figures from July mainly to two sales days less in Europe.
In addition, in some core markets, there has been a reluctance to buy in some core markets.
In addition to the situation surrounding the coup attempt in Turkey, the British vote to leave the EU has also burdened, a spokeswoman said.
In the USA, where the exhaust gas affair escalated first, a minus is also continuing.
The big support for VW is the Chinese market.
Overall, the mainly affected house brand of the Lower Saxony is already continuing to glimpse through the diesel scandal: after the first seven months, only a 0.9 percent extradition minus is to 3.37 million vehicles.
Group sales chief Fred Kappler continued to present a sales plus from January to July.
Volkswagen delivered 1.3 percent more vehicles during that time, worldwide 5.904 million.
Volkswagen had manipulated exhaust tests using a software.
In Germany alone, VW calls around 2.5 million cars for conversion into workshops.
In the course of the conversion, VW reiterated that the conversion of the cars has no negative impact.
After the conversion of the vehicles, there is no deterioration in fuel consumption, CO2 emissions or engine performance.
The car manufacturer will provide a "guarantee equal" certificate to the customer after the conversion, but does not speak of a "guarantee," as it said on Friday in corporate circles.
The reason is legal.
The "Focus" reported that Volkswagen is now giving its German customers a guarantee of upgraded diesel models.
This would have been confirmed last Monday by VW representatives in the Federal Transportation Department.
The Ministry of Transport confirmed that there was this meeting.
"VW has full compliance with the requirements of my commission of inquiry and the KBA."
"Variations of this are not accepted," Federal Transport Minister Alexander Dobrindt (CSU) said, according to the ministry.
VW has accepted the guarantee that fuel consumption, CO2 emissions or engine performance will not take place after the conversion, and all type-approval-relevant vehicle values will be unchanged.
Volkswagen itself does not use the term "guarantee" as it was in corporate circles.
In the broad term "guarantee," Volkswagen sees the possibility that customers might come to a workshop for example half a year after the conversion, and could return this to the new software, even if the damage has nothing to do with it.
It is also important in the interests of the customer to avoid that any other damage that has nothing whatsoever to do with the exhaust scandal will result in uncertainty regarding possible warranty schemes as it was called.
That is why VW does not use the term "guarantee".
Raiffeisenbank Gmund am Tegernsee requires wealthy savers in the future to pay penalty interest - as the second institute in Germany.
Bank chief Josef Paul said on Thursday: "It's only about 139 customers parking 40 million euros on Giro or Day money accounts."
The Bundesverband Deutscher Banken speaks of an isolated case and sees no sign of it: Normal savers would have to "not fear paying for their savings-sized penalty rates."
If banks spend money overnight at the European Central Bank (ECB), they will have to pay their 0.4 percent penalty rate.
From September, Raiffeisenbank Gmund will require Raiffeisenbank Gmund from private and corporate customers for deposits over 100,000 euros on Giro or Day money accounts.
"The first 100,000 euros are free."
"The next 100,000 will cost 400 euros a year in the future," Paul said.
For some time, he has spent 40 million euros, which could be removed from one day to the other and which he cannot exploit.
"They lie with me on the central bank account and cause 0.4 percent costs," the bank chief said.
"I can't pay for every million euros."
According to the polluter pays principle, the costs will now continue.
To simply leave the cash in the Raiffeisenbank tresses would be far too dangerous: "I have already experienced four overaults, I don't want the fifth," the bank board said.
Most customers would have understanding and switched to other forms of investment.
Few migrated to other banks.
The Bavarian Association of Confederation said: "The ECB's extreme monetary policy course is causing significant costs for all banks."
To carry them alone is "economically impossible economically."
Some German banks have therefore increased their fees for account guidance, credit cards or transfers.
Thuringia Volks and Raiffeisenbank Altenburger Land had made headlines in 2014 with penalty interest on deposits from three million euros.
Michael Kemmer, chief executive of the banking association, said: "We do not expect retail customers to pay wholesale fees for deposits, so competition in Germany is far too strong among banks and savings banks."
A banker said there was "a clientele" on Tegernsee that is somewhat lush from the asset.
"This can become a problem for a small bank" if it hats free money.
Founded in 1911, the cooperative bank Gmund has branches in Bad Wiessee, Rottach-Egern, Kreuth and Tegernsee.
The region has known actors, athletes and entrepreneurs.
The Bavaria co-operative association "is not currently known to any other banks that charge an outlay replacement for deposits from private customers," spokesman Ernst said.
The president of the Bundesverband of German Volksbanken and Raiffeisenbanken (BVR), Uwe Fröhlich, declared at the end of June: "The threshold of going into negatives to the private customer is very, very high."
Competition is tough, and it threatens to drag investors into competition.
Customers in Germany will not be able to afford that.
Destination plates: who actually buys records?
LONely middle-aged men love plates.
Before you rush to the commentary section to sow him under the pseudonym of non-all-male middle-aged age with rough insults, this statement is derived from current data.
According to YouGov, the much-discussed resurgence of records is not about a boom in millals that want to welcome the newness of physical items, but to midlife nostalgia.
Those who recently bought a plate are all predicted to be between 45 and 54.
In fact, the 18-24 age group is the most unlikely buyers group.
Nor is it a hordes by hobby collectors - it has an emotional meaning: older record buyers tend to keep their feelings more for themselves (56% vs. 53%) and enjoy spending time alone (69% vs. 66%).
But do the results of YouGov vote?
If this blog were a news report on television, the camera would follow me while I walk in the middle of a busy street in Soho, wearing a modest grey suit and wildly stomping, holding my hands and saying something like, "So, let's take a closer look at it."
So, let's take a look at it.
Even though Soho's heart is slowly losing its charm - hotels, restaurants and offices are now filling the buildings where once independent sellers were located - there are still a handful of fantastic record shops.
I would probably ask the cameraman to turn out the camera for the next part, where I stand in close proximity to different men in such shops and try to assess their age and cozy by watching.
Stuart from Glasgow, 55, to whom I am from Sister Ray (data number: two young women, three middle-aged men) into Reckless Records (data number: eight middle-aged men, a woman, presumably around the 20), is a day long due to a meeting in London and goes through the shops to fill the few hours.
Is he a collector, I ask?
"I guess already," he says.
I have around 3,000 or 4,000 plates.
These records, pictured above (he sent me the snapshot by email, I didn't follow him home), dress the walls of his living room.
The reason he owns such a significant number of albums and singles is the result of his disposable income: he is now able to buy plates he couldn't afford when they appeared and again bought items he sold when he was young and placid.
"Many things I buy are from the late sixties, early 70 's, which appeared when I was 11 or 12, things where I was probably a little too young to buy them," he says.
He agrees that those who buy plates are more introverted and like to spend time alone, adding: "I don't smoke and I don't drink very much.
That's my laster.
Wez, 25, who works at Sister Ray, also believes that many customers he meets are accessing the YouGov profile.
However, he has also noticed a new wave of people influenced by the medienhpe, people who have heard about the comeback and are looking to buy their old plates again.
From the conversations I had, people usually got away from their collection in 1998 or 1999.
Customers who once sold their plates to buy themselves cds now sell their cds to buy their plates again," he says.
That would explain the boom to followers of a certain age.
But what about the alleged emotional importance of plates?
It only takes a few seconds in a business like Phonica to realise that record stores offer a calming community of like-minded people.
According to Wez, some of the older customers took impetus in the contactless payment system.
Some record fans feel overwhelmed by the digital world and want to retreat to the stability of familiar record hulls, from objects that awake happy youth memories.
"I think sometimes it can be filling a void or possession of material possessions as a kind of consolation," Wez says.
That's with me as a collector so I think it's like that with many people.
It's an easy way to engage mentally.
"We are like their social workers!" a staff member flutes from a plate.
A survey by ICM in April revealed that almost 50% of people who bought a plate last month had not yet listened.
The survey also found that 41% own a record player they never use, while 7% of those buying a plate don't own record players.
At this point in the news report I would probably look very worried while I was blowing through a pile of bossa nova compilations.
Jonny, 42, who works at Sounds of the Universe (data number: three middle-aged men), has noticed a "trophy aspect" of the revival.
"Someone only recently arrived here and said: "I don't own a record player, but I'd like to buy a radiohead record so I can put her on the shelf," he says.
This is not a big percentage, but it definitely happens.
More productive, less musical.
We have people saying, "I don't have a record player."
These are younger people, not older ones, who only slowly come clean.
Fopp, who has devoted almost an entire floor to the records, has a blower audience when I go straight.
There are couples around the 70, tourists making photos, teenageboys and middle-aged women.
Even though the atmosphere is slightly less relaxed than in the aforementioned stores - Wild Beast's latest synthesizer and sexy pop instead of experimental jazz, from the loudspeakers, it's good to see such diversity with the customer.
None of them look very lonely, but nagging mental traumas are difficult to determine when standing next to someone 30 seconds.
Elanora, 27, has been running around in the store for a few minutes and considers the variation of the plates for sale.
It makes more of a shaufenstummel than a big shopping.
It doesn't deserve much, so collecting plates is not a real option, she says.
It costs a lot.
It's easy listening to music from a computer or other way, but the beauty of plates is... "she drives off with a fallen sigh.
I don't know how to explain it - it's really unique.
My last stop is a business that is said to have inspired a new generation of record lovers: Urban Outfitters.
While I seem to be mustering the jeans hotpants, I watch a group of young teenagemagoers grouping for a moment around Polaroid cameras before a father and his daughter consider buying a Crosley record player.
On the left is a staircase, a wall full of plates of Adele, Jeff Buckley, Amy Lockhouse and Fleetwood Mac: a mixture of contemporary music and classics, essential plates for an average collection.
Nobody sees them - perhaps because they are only decorative, some so far up that it is impossible to touch them.
It's pure "plate art."
But considering that every attraction for these items could mean more money for the industry and send some customers into the depths of Sohos, there's nothing to complain about.
It's no surprise that a population group that has more time and money than others is also the one who is spending most on luxury items like plates.
Even though my research revealed that the results of YouGov vote, they leave, at least in record shops in Soho, the large number of female collectors and record lovers that exist in reality, record shops and online forums.
These people are probably working hard at school or in offices.
They certainly don't spend their Thursday morning with banging through record shops of Berwick Street and browsing through plates, while avoiding the startling sight of an uncanny, 30-year-old wrong presenter who racks over the shoulders of middle-aged men.
Greenland shark is the longest living vertebrae - video report
Scientists say Greenland shark has the longest life span of all vertebrates on the planet.
Julius Nielsen, who examines sharks, says the record was at a females, from which it is believed to be between 272 and 512 years old and five metres long
French court rejects bid to demolition of shops in Jungle refugee camp
A French court has rejected a bid by authorities in Calais to settle dozens of provisional shops and restaurants in the jungle of Calais, where thousands of refugees live.
At a court hearing this week, the authorities argued in Calais that the state should be empowered to put down 72 provisional shops where people inside the warehouse sell goods, from cigarettes to energy drinks, offer hairdressing services or sell tea for 50 cents (40 pence) or sell simple meals for a few euros at provisional restaurants.
The Calais prefecture argued that these places should be demolished because they would represent a parallel economy from which no taxes would be paid and which would pose a fire and sanitation risk.
Humanitarian groups told the court that the shops and restaurants were important because free meals offered by the state-backed association and other groups would not provide enough food for the growing numbers in the camp.
They also said the provisional shops and restaurants would often provide accommodation and free meals for people in need.
A court in Lille ruled that there was no legal basis for expelling people who operate the 72 provisional shops but acknowledged that the concerns of the Calais prefecture were "absolutely understandable."
Judge Jean-François Molla said the grocery stores, cafes and restaurants would play a much bigger role than simply feeding people who "live in extremely precarious conditions."
He said the areas offer quiet meeting points between refugees and volunteers.
One of the places threatened by the downfall was the Jungle Book Kids' Café of the Camp, which operates in a nonsense and offers 200 meals a day, English and French classes as well as advice on asylum for the hundreds of vulnerable, unaccompanied minors in the camp.
More than 170,000 people signed the petition to keep the Kids' cafe.
In a letter to the Guardian, it said the closure "would be a disaster for these children, of which the youngest eight years old."
The Help Refugees and L'Auberge des Migrants aid agencies estimated on Friday that the number of people living in the jungle camp has risen to over 9,000 people - the highest number so far - after a steep increase in newcomers over the summer.
Despite Olympic disappointment: Martin remains struggling
Despite his disappointing appearance in Olympic time, cyclist Tony Martin does not want to get under way.
"I continue to keep the World Cup in mind, remain confident and continue fighting," the 31-year-old wrote on Thursday before his departure from Rio de Janeiro on Facebook.
He does not have a statement for his miserable twelfth place at Zusugar.
"I honestly find it difficult to comment on yesterday", Martin said.
He must analyse calmly what causes the debacle.
Martin actually wanted to fight for the title at the time-driving World Cup in Qatar in October.
"I will look at everything we have changed in recent times."
"This also includes my position," wrote the three-time time world champion, who had lost more than three minutes on Olympic champion Fabian Cancelara (Switzerland) on Wednesday on the 54.5 km.
Olympia: Tennis professional victories miss semi-finals
The victory of Laura Victories ended in the quarter-finals of Rio: The world rankings -32 from Metzingen missed out on a 1:6, 1:6 against Monica Puig (Puerto Rico / WTA No.
34) the semi-finals of the Olympic tennis tournament.
Victories plagued by back problems could only pass through once and have been powerless compared to previous rounds.
On Thursday, medal hopefuls Angelique Kerber (Kiel / No. 2) had the chance to jump into the preliminary round.
The Australian Open winner met the Britin Johanna Konta (No 10).
As the last German tennis professional, Tommy Haas 2000 had a medal (silver) in Sydney.
Two German DTB starters in the quarter-finals of summer games had last given it in 1992.
Never stood a German duo in an Olympic single semi-final.
Group rises at start-up for live video game transfers
To watch other people play video games is a huge trend - Microsoft also wants to benefit.
The technology group buys the start-up Beam, which specialises in this hobby.
How much money the acquisition fills, Microsoft said on Thursday.
Beam only went to launch in January with its offer, and already has more than 100,000 users.
They can watch others while playing, but also intervene themselves.
For example, they can give up missions to the players and provide enemies as well as provide equipment.
The gaming giant Activision Blizzard is launching a new HD video service for the booming world of e-sports.
On the way to the global media event, Facebook is to help.
The advertising industry is already horrendous.
The start-ups, which has its headquarters so far in Seattle in the U.S. state of Washington, are moving to Microsoft headquarters in California Redmond, as Beam co-founder and chief executive Matt Salsamendi announced.
Therefore, no changes will be made to customers.
According to Microsoft, Beam is integrated into the video game division around the Xbox console.
The market of live streams of video game activities is currently growing rapidly.
Well-known platforms are Twitch and youtube gaming.
Twitch was bought by online retailer Amazon in 2014 - for almost a billion dollars.
youtube Gaming belongs to Google's Mother Alphabet.
Here comes the Enforcement Trailer
Germany's Rinters have to adjust to the next generation of speed knives: in different federal states, including Hesse and Brandenburg, new lightning devices are being tested that are supposed to carry pace sinners particularly effectively.
Vitronic's futuristic enforcement trailer from Wiesbaden can be used at accident spots, for example, where it would be too dangerous for a mobile measurement by the police.
For example, at motorway construction sites or to gentle bridges with tempolitic tempoles, there is often no necessary infrastructure to ensure that the speed limit is met with a stationary lightner.
However, a permanent mobile construction can be too dangerous or costly.
The Enforcement Trailer is autark: Its battery holds five days in uninterrupted measuring operation, the case data is transmitted encrypted via a modem.
With laser measuring technology, all vehicles can also be captured across multiple tracks.
Variable speed limits as well as passage bans by time, driving strips and vehicle class can also be monitored.
The trailer can be moved in the high-powered state, according to manufacturers with any car clutch.
In order for it not to be simple, it is lowered in the measuring operation, so the wheels disappear in the armored and, incidentally, shot outer shell.
In addition, a built-in alarm system will protect the lightner from vandalism.
Since 2015, the trailer has been tested and now used in various federal states, according to Vitronic.
Foreign authorities are also blitzing with the new technology: Younger France has ordered 100 pieces after an order of 150 pieces last year.
Britain picks silver in 7-er rugby after Fiji masterclass picks gold
Britain's impressive performance at 7-er rugby came to an abrupt halt in the final on Thursday evening in the final hurdle in the form of the Fijis when they were beaten up here in Rio with a score of 43-7.
Fiji gave a masterclass in handling, side-stepping, afterward, line-running and raw force to win gold - their first Olympic medal of any color.
The defeat was sweetened by the not-too-bad consolation prize of the silver medal - Britain's fourth that day - and they could be proud of their efforts in this tournament, where they beat New Zealand, Argentina and South Africa.
The Boks' clear defeat, 7-5 in the semi-finals on the same day, could fall back on them in the final.
But, regardless of that, Fiji would have beaten a 15-man team in best form.
It could be a consolation for GB - but it probably won't - that at least one Briton will have a gold medal around his neck tomorrow: Fiji's head coach Ben Ryan, the former head for England from Wimbledon.
GB had a difficult path behind it.
Eight years ago, under Ryan, they lost each game at the Adelaide Sevens.
Here they lost only one.
This mud will hurt, but the progress is amazing.
Fiji began marvellously, leaving GB's attacks out of fun.
It felt for captain Tom Mitchell and Co., as if going into driving buses, the World Series winners went 5-0 upwards when Osea Kolinisau scored in the corner.
With still four minutes of playing time, Jerry Tuwai added another attack from the right corner, which he converted.
12-0 and GB have hardly touched the ball.
A hated tally of Mitchell stopped the mountain from Man Leone Nakarawa a third goal, but it only stopped Fiji.
In the seventh minute, Jasa Veremalua lashed a touchdown in the right corner and it stood 0-17 for GB.
Nakarawa added a new since the rebound and there was still over a minute playing time... in the first half.
Vatemo Ravouvou pressed through further weak tacklings of the GB team and crashed down to the line to make a gate.
The conversion brought a 29-0 to the break.
It is as if Fiji was born to play the 7, while GB still learns.
So it is.
GB introduced fundamental changes at half-time and closed the fijian gap... for whole four minutes, which was good for the conditions of the first half, until Josua Tuisova went through a brilliant intermediate play of Fiji.
Dan Norton launched an attempt for GB, made a touchdown in the left corner for a 36-7, but the game had long been in favour of the South Seeinsulans, whose fans sang, flags snapped and danced in the gallery.
It was not hard to admire Fiji's playful approach.
Mata Viliame set the i-bag with another try in the final seconds.
The pfiff hung, the Fijis embraced themselves and GB kickstarted crashing into the lawn.
Earlier on the day Fiji Japan had defeated Japan in the semi-finals with 20-5 defeats and Britain pushed South Africa in a tight semi-final match from the race - Britain's conversion of the difference.
Kyle Brown brought the Boks forward in the first half, but Dan Norton broke down the line with an impressive footwork and scored a gate under the post in the second half.
A brilliant late tackling of Marcus Watson, the brother of Anthony of the English 15-side team, secured the win - and thus the silver medal.
Helen Glover and Heather Stanning inspired by battle with trainer's cancer to rowing victory
There will be no more emotinous gold than in these games and that wants what.
From the first rowing blow to the last, 220 hard Hieve, which went into history, Helen Glover and Heather Stanning found an extra meaning in their golden moment at Estacio da Lagoa.
Even though it was only those who sat at the ruder, there were three voices in the boat, the echo of the coach Robin Williams, was all-present as they ruined the second Olympic gold in the second without a tax woman in a row, the first women in the history of British sport to set such a benchmark.
Her dominance was absolute, even her 39.unadulterated bet, which is also unprecedented.
What we see are two brilliant athletes who glide across the surface with the elegance of swans, which does not reflect the type of triumph.
Behind every gold in rowing, a battalion is set up by willing helpers who contribute to the incremental advances that make up the difference and it was no-one more comfortable than the coach who didn't know 30 months ago whether he would survive that day when cancer was diagnosed with him.
As he said, he was risky.
I had bladder cancer that is operational and that's what they did.
If you don't do that, he spreads everywhere.
It would have been a pretty bad situation.
It changes a little bit.
Williams was diagnosed in December 2013.
The trio were lucky that he was able to start treatment in early 2014, outside the season, which kept the disruption to a minimum, if that is the right term in such circumstances.
I needed money, so I had to get better again soon.
It was an incentive.
I was in hospital and ran around the station - 20 feet, 30 feet, 50 feet at a time when they said some steps would suffice.
That's how it starts.
Rurowing in itself is already a challenge, but it makes it even bigger.
In the immediacy of victory, her first thoughts went to Williams, who spent a nerve-wracking morning talking a little more than usual, trying to process his own fears.
Stanning, who was a principal at the Royal Artillery Regiment in a deployment in Afghanistan, said "I was an emotional wreck this week, maybe something extremely extreme, but it means so much."
It just repeats how much I mean how much I and Helen and Robin have worked.
It was three fantastic years with Helen and Robin.
Without Robin, we would be no one, so a massive thank you to him, he is the best coach in the world.
I couldn't have liked a better person to train or a better coach.
Helena Glover and Heather Stanning have not lost a race in the past five years.
The pair had a hard rhythm that their opponents couldn't match.
Even in the last 500 metres, when teams from New Zealand and Denmark began to close, Stanning and Glover had too much in reserve.
We were trapped very much at the moment.
Helen called "stay in the process, stay in the process."
It's really important not to let yourself go.
We had a good start and at the same time we weren't looking to make something.
We didn't want a fireworks today, we just wanted to get a good result, go out and win the race, which we did too.
The pair will take a time off for a year before making decisions about their future.
Glover will have to appear at a wedding next week, her own with TV adventurer Steve Backshalle.
Now she just wants to enjoy the moment.
I didn't want to say that was my last race.
That would have meant too much pressure.
In London, it took around six months to realise I'm an Olympic champion.
It was all so new to me and I was so stressed.
Here it took about four minutes.
That feels so much better," she said.
31 years of exemplary clarity
The managing director of the water purpose association, "Veitensteingruppe," Ruppert Göller, is retiring.
The association is considered "Bavaria-wide exemplary."
A small fine water water association as a role model for the major water producers.
So some time ago it was in the original post in a post from Bayerischer Rundfunk.
A little later, the Water Forum of the Unterfranken government paid tribute to the purpose association.
The work of the Veitensteingruppe taught "Bavaria-wide as exemplary."
Behind all this is Rupert Göller, who was 31 years old in the purpose association, of which 28 years as managing director.
Now he was retired at age 65.
The drinking water association of the Veitensteingruppe, based in Kottendorf, municipality of Breitbrunn, promotes about 150000 cubic metres of water annually, providing 32 places and hamlets with about 5500 inhabitants.
The municipalities are the municipalities of Kirchlauter, Breitbrunn, Lauter, Ebelsbach and the town of Baunach.
There are water supply contracts for other cities and municipalities.
The current chairwoman, Breitbrunns Mayor Gertrud Bühl (FW), recalled that Rupert Göller was hired as a waterwart in 1985 and was appointed as managing director of the purpose association in 1988.
"His duties have been very diverse and they covered water management and maintenance work, office and organisation activities, budget creation, calculating fees and contributions, and emergency operations at weekends," the chairwoman said.
As outstanding events, she called the commissioning and inauguration of the new wells (1994), plot purchases in the new wells (1998) and compensation of farmers, the refurbishment of the high containers (1999), the repurchase of a central computer control (2004) and the partial renewals of water pipes.
There has been no stalemate and there has always been innovation, because water lives and drinking water is the most important food.
In her laudatio, she praised Göller's loyal, reliable and correct service over 31 years.
He has worked with a lot of heart blood for his water purpose association and he has lived up to the water purpose association as if it were his own company.
A few weeks ago, as a real practitioner, he was allowed to present the success concept of the Veitensteingruppe for nitrate reduction in front of the Subfranc water forum.
He received a great deal of recognition and praise for that.
Rupert Göller, for his part, praised Waterwart Alfons Griebel, who worked with him for 28 years.
He's the best waterwart and he was a loyal scarf.
Together we were an unbeatable team.
As a highlight from his point of view, he referred to Brunnbau and the restructuring of the purpose association.
However, the biggest challenge and the most difficult operation was the pipe break at the high container at Kirchlauter on January 3.
Here, at minus 17 degrees, it will have to work all night so that the villages could be supplied with water.
Even the supply of Neubrunn could only be maintained once you filled the Pettstadt high container with hoses.
The management of the drinking water association has been handed over to Daniel Stürmer from Lauter, who will take the succession of Rupert Göller.
Soprano Anna Netrebko openly walks with the autism of her son Tiago - and turns to other affected parents: "You must have the courage to talk about it."
"Medicine has made great progress," said the 44-year-old Italian newspaper "Corriere della Sera."
When the disease was detected by her son, she believed she had to die.
The now eight-year-old Tiago, however, has come forward well and now runs private in New York, where there are the best therapists.
"To give an example: When I ask him something two years back when I sang at the Milan Scala, he remembers nothing," Netrebko said.
But he is the happiest person on earth.
Tiago comes from Netrebko's connection with Bassbariton Erwin Schrott.
She is now married to tenor Yusif Eyvazov.
Stat at Bargteheide - man shoots on life hazard
A 35-year-old man fired at his partner at a multi-family home in Bargteheide (Kreis Stormarn) on Friday, killing her fatally.
"The man even appealed with us and indicated to have shot his life hazard," a police spokeswoman said.
The perpetrator is on the flight, according to him, according to him.
Now nationwide, because Sven S. could be travelling by car.
The man is about 1.80 metres tall, muscular, brown-burned and has a glatze.
Meanwhile, police released a photo of him.
However, it is a few years old.
Meanwhile, the man wears a glatze.
The man is not to be directly addressed.
He could still carry the weapon in himself, police said.
Anyone who sees Sven S. should call the 110.
Police speak of a "relationship stat."
The victim was born in 1988, the perpetrator in 1981.
The competent police in Lübeck initially did not want to make details of the tathergang or the relationship between perpetrators and victims, but confirmed that a person had been killed.
"It's a killing offence."
"We don't say more at the moment," a police spokeswoman in Lübeck said.
According to eyewitnesses, a special engagement command (SEK) was at Tatort.
Steel - Light view for German steel industry
The crisis-battered and energy-intensive German steel industry is spared extra costs of millions.
Financial burdens threatening the industry from the extraction of electricity are off the table.
It maintains the exemption from the renewable energy levy at the plants for so-called own-electricity production in the German steel industry, said Federal Economy Minister Sigmar Gabriel (SPD) of the "Westdeutsche Allgemeine Zeitung" (WAZ, Friday issue).
"I am really glad that we could finally achieve that after two years of negotiations."
The European Commission had therefore initially planned to ask the steel producers, who use gases from the high furnace to generate electricity for their own consumption, to pay their cash.
The steel industry threatened additional costs of 120 to 240 million euros a year, according to the German industry association.
Gabriel told the WAZ there is now a fundamental agreement with the European Commission after talks with competition Commissioner Margrethe Vestager.
Only when the generators are replaced in the steel plants will an EEG surcharge of 20 percent be applied.
But this is also not being collected in the steel industry.
IG Metall welcomed Germany's agreement with the EU Commission for the production of own electricity.
Thus, the status quo of the current arrangement is largely laid down.
The successful efforts of Gabriel for the steel industry are particularly important.
"In terms of our steel campaign, it is a first step."
"Others must follow."
"Even in the reform of the emission trading trade, climate and employment objectives must be weighed," said IG Metall chief executive Jörg Hofmann in Frankfurt.
The steel industry in Europe has suffered overcapacity and significant price pressure since the 2008 financial crisis.
Last year, the situation intensified as the world's largest producer country threw bulk steel onto the world market in light of the weakening domestic demand.
European manufacturers are dumping price dumping on Chinese steel companies.
In the course of this spring, the situation has been somewhat relaxed.
On the one hand, import duties on imported steel have been shown to have an effect, while the economic outlook in China has been suspended.
What is unclear is how sustainable the price recovery is.
German industry primus Wilhelm Krupp remained cautious on Thursday.
Finally, prices would have stagnated again.
The industry is responding to the difficult situation with further cost reductions.
In the last analysis, Thyssenkrupp did not want to exclude closures of individual works.
In the German steel industry, around 86,000 people were employed at the end of 2015.
In July, the German steel manufacturers remain cautious despite rising prices and increasing orders.
They produced 3.4 million tons of good six percent less crude steel than the same month last year, according to the economics association Stahl on Friday.
After a brief increase in May, the manufactured crowd went back for the second month.
Since the beginning of the year, production has been two percent lower than last year.
In the coming months, the association expects an improved order of orders with increasing output.
Community, spirit, health: Singing is doing seniors well
The singing has already accompanied Ursel Kipp all her life: as a young girl she was in the school choir, in Lehramt studies she occupied the subject of music, and today the 78-year-old sings in a seniors choir.
"Singing moves me - emotionally and physically," she describes.
After a sample, she feels balanced, cheerful and overall alive, she says.
In addition, she does something good in her health and mind.
Singing is a great hobby for seniors from several perspectives, says Erhard Hackler of the German Seniors League.
Most seniors sing in the choir and share the joy of music with like-minded people, described Hackler.
Through regular cooperation, seniors can make and maintain social contacts.
Because social and family structures are often settled in old age, a choir is an ideal opportunity to spend time with other people.
Ursel Kipp also made this experience in her choir: "To talk and organize, to be able to rely on the others and to learn from each other - a choir is a very special form of interaction".
Singing can be strenuous in the positive sense, says Hackler.
Because seniors train a deep and controlled breathing.
Anyone who regularly demands his lungs does not quickly get out of the puste in everyday life.
Even when it comes to getting the sound of voice in age, singing is an optimum hobby.
Singing often has a very special effect on older people, says Ursula Lenz of the federal labor community of seniors" organizations.
In older generations, common singing had a much higher profile, it belonged to everyday life, both in school and leisure, she explained.
Lenz often observes that singing or listening to songs in older people awakens many memories, often linked to positive feelings of their youth time.
Through song lyrics and especially melodies, self-dementia sufferers remember long-past events.
When singing, the head is also required a special performance, Lenz explained.
At the same time focus on your own voice and on a given rhythm, adapting to the other singers - that's a great cognitive challenge.
Especially older people who live alone do not just focus on themselves.
Another positive aspect is the recognition you learn by singing in the choir, says Hackler.
A keen audience is a great praise.
Self-esteem is also growing by singing in the choir.
To show yourself: If I long for something, I'll be better and growl beyond me - strengthening that experience.
So good reasons to start singing there are enough.
Whoever wants to try a new hobby should not hesitate - even if he means having little talent, Lenz says.
You don't sings alone - at 50 singing people, who is listening when a sound goes on?
Seniors have different options in search of the appropriate offer, says Hackler.
If someone comes out of the circle of friends in a seniors choir, you can simply join.
Many cities also offer overviews of choirs in the area.
If you want to sing in a church choir, you can contact the church or church guard.
Many seniors can also be found via the Internet.
Anyone who does not have access to the Internet can ask family, friends or neighbours for help in internet searches.
Anyone who wants to sing should necessarily join a choir, wheeling hackler.
Singing does well and has something liberating - that applies to every age.
Cats react more sensitive than katers to cries of the young
Biologists have studied in Hanover the effect of rowing cat babies on adult animals.
To their surprise, the males also did not leave the males cold - however, unlike the females, they always behaved the same way.
Female cats can detect the excitement of cat babies at the mouth of the little ones.
They respond by ten percent more quickly to loudness of kittens who are in great distress, as scientists have found out from the veterinary university and medical university Hanover (MHH).
Katers are also responding to kittens' calls - but always the same.
"Apparently, the acoustic differences between seeing less and heavily excited young animals are either not perceptible or not significant for the males," said biologist Wiebke Konerding of MHH.
She is first author of the study, published this Friday in the specialist magazine "BMC Evolutionary Biology."
In a previous investigation, the team of researchers had already found out that the duration and pitch of kittens' cries was different to the urgency of their need for help.
A total of nine adult katers and eight female MHH animals were observed.
They were played on the one hand by little ones, who were taken out of the box for three minutes and separated from mother and siblings.
Secondly, they were confronted with cries of more excited kittens, who were additionally raised.
Researchers believe their results, despite the low sample, to be meaningful.
"All females, even those who had not yet had their own offspring, responded differently to the cries," Konerding said.
They turned faster to the speaker when this rowing of the very angry kittens played off.
This ability may be innate or develop with gender maturity.
"A surprise was that the males responded at all," the biologist said.
In the past, scientists have already examined the reactions of women and men to baby noises several times in the past.
Also, some studies showed that women responded more sensitively to babies, whether they were already mothers or not, reported biologist Marina Scheumann.
Podolski picks up with "Gala" after Supercup
Hakan Sükür is a football legend in Turkey.
In Turkey, a warrant has been issued against former football star Hakan Sükür.
He is accused of being a member of a terrorist group.
For the first time after the coup attempt, an important football match has resumed in Turkey.
Before the duel of the archrival between Besiktas Istanbul and Lukas Podolskis Galatasaray Istanbul around the conya Supercup, the official line is clear: "Business as usual" is said.
Even in the imposition of the state of emergency after the overthrow attempt in July, the government stressed that ordinary citizens should not be affected.
But that does not apply to those suspected of belonging to the movement of the preacher Fethullah Gülen, whom one is responsible for the coup attempt.
It does not stop before football.
The prosecutor issued an arrest warrant against former star kicker Hakan Sükür.
Thus, the South American, now living in America, is accused of being a member of a terrorist group.
Sükür is to be supporters of the preacher Fethullah Gülen, who is being blamed by state President Recep Tayyip Erdogan for the coup attempt.
Although the state of emergency, initially imposed for 90 days, is still valid until October, it has virtually no effect on the lives of most Turks.
The nightly "democracy guards" at public places across the country have declared Erdogan an end on Wednesday.
Sport - like the whole country - is split into Erdogan's supporters and opponents.
Fans of the Besiktas worker club are traditionally not among the president's friends.
What most of the Turks, however, united in the face of dramatic experience in history, is the strict rejection of military puts.
Even the fans themselves agree - no matter whether their heart is beating for Galatasaray or Besiktas.
At the cup winner "Gala", it will come back to Lukas Podolski especially.
The Cologne team proved its sporting value in the past season: with 17 gates and nine templates in all competitions, the 31-year-old finished his first time as the top scorer of his club.
In the final game against Fenerbahce, he scored the 1:0 victory.
The "Fanatik" newspaper joked him: "He was the best on the pitch."
He completed the season in an excellent way and secured his team the Cup.
Thanks to "Poldi," the disappointing season for the record master found a conciliatory conclusion.
After the pre-round K.o in the Champions League, the "Lions" also distinguished themselves in the Europa League early.
In South Lig, only ranked sixth.
The season was not good.
The cup was the only way to win something.
"We managed that and that's the most important thing," Podolski said.
For champions Besiktas, the game year ran better.
Especially thanks to Mario Gomez, who presented the base to the 14th title with 26 seasonal goals as a South-Lig tennis champion.
That is also the reason fans continue to hope for the return of the 31-year-old.
According to the coup attempt, the Gomez, who was under contract with AC Florence, only announced to Gomez after the coup attempt not to return to the country because of the political situation in the country.
"If Mario wants to come to us, he just needs to say it," Cited the specialist magazine "Kicker" club chief Fikret Orman.
In order to do this, however, the stormer would have to be willing to renounce around a third of his year-old, estimated at 7.5 million euros, Orman said: "We cannot pay for his salary at Florence."
Despite doping: these athletes still have medal chances at Olympia in Rio
34-year-old Justin Gatlin was already locked twice for doping (2001 and 2006).
Rio de Janeiro - whistleblowerin Julia Stepanowa is not allowed to start in Rio.
Other overhead athletics sinners can only laugh about it - they are fighting medals in Rio.
Doping still determines the headlines at the Rio Olympics.
Russian swimmer Julija Jefimowa, who had endured her starting right just before the Games, was mercilessly exhausted and boosted at her start (100 metres of breast).
There was a scurry scene: with a laid-out smile she was still strolling into the hall and had provoked with her appearance.
When she realised she wasn't going to pick gold, the audience broke into a jubilant storm.
But there are still many other athletes who go to the start despite doping past at the Rio Olympics.
Here is an overview:
Justin Gatlin (100, 200, 4x100-m-Staffel / USA): The 34-year-old is among the most controversial figures in lightweight athletics.
He was already locked two times for doping (2001 and 2006 until 2010).
Since his bann, the 2004 Olympic champion and ex-world champion runs even faster than before, he is over 100m in 9.80 seconds the world's number one and is considered the biggest challenger to Usain Bolt.
Shelly-Ann Fraser-Pryce (100, 4x100-m-Staffel / Jamaica): The two-time Olympic champion and seven-times world champion had to sit off a six-month lock in 2010 after she was shown the intake of the painkiller oxycodon.
She had strong dental pain after surgery, defying the 29-year-old.
Sandra Perkovic (discussion / Croatia): In 2011, the 2012 Olympic champion, world champion and European champion tested positive for the banned stimulant methylamine from 2010 to 2016.
Perkovic disputed the knowledgeable intake and was locked for six months.
The four widest litters this year go to the account of the big gold favorite.
LaShawn Merritt (200, 400, 4x400-m-Staffel / USA): The Beijing Olympic champion and two-time world champion over 400m, tested positive in 2010 and closed 21 months.
A means of penis enlargement was responsible, Merritt stressed.
This year, the 30-year-old is over 200 and 400m the world's fastest man.
Iwan Tichon (Hammerwurn, Belarus): probably hardly any athlete has been deterred by so many medals.
For example, Tichon lost his 2005 World Cup title nine years later after testosterone doping was found at him.
The now 40-year-old also had to make Olympic silver in 2004 for steroid doping and the 2006 EM title for testosterone abuse.
He received the also-known bronze medal of the 2008 Olympic Games, due to a ruling by the International Sports Court of CAS.
At 80.04 metres, he ranks second in the world rankings.
Liu Hong (20 km, China): The world class and gold favourite was tested positive only in May, but still allowed to start in Rio.
In the 29-year-old world champion, references were made to the intake of a banned food supplement, the World Anti-Doping Agency, WADA, fell mildly and was already running on 13 July.
Bomb terror in Thailand - Austrian injured - Several dead
The Austrian Embassy in Thailand is in contact with the woman, said Foreign Ministry spokesman Thomas Schnöll, Friday morning.
She suffered cut wounds and was treated in hospital, but has already been able to leave.
Her journey home planned her for early September.
Whether the further explosions on the holiday island of Phuket, as well as in the southern cities of Surat Thani, Phang Nga, Trang and Chumphon are also affected by Austrian citizens, is still unclear for the time being.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs is in constant contact with local authorities in this regard, said Schnöll.
Hua Hin, located around 200 kilometres south of the capital Bangkok, initially exploded two bombs on Thursday evening in a fortnight.
According to police, a Thai altercation was killed and around 20 people were injured, including the Austrian, three Germans, three Dutch and three Italians.
On Friday morning, two explosives went up again, killing another person, according to the authorities.
A bomb explosion was also reported in the early morning by Phuket.
A taxi driver was injured during the detonation near the Patong beach, popular with holidaymakers.
Another bomb exploded in Surat Thani on the country's south east coast, killing an urban employee.
According to the authorities, the explosion was in the air, according to the authorities in a flower beet.
Finally, detonations in Phang Nga and Trang on the south west coast, as well as in Chumphon on the south east coast, were still called for.
There is a connection between the explosions in Hua Hin, it said.
"The bomb attacks carry the same handwriting," Army General Danai Kritmethavee told journalists Friday morning.
"We assume it is a coordinated attack."
It is too early to comment on possible motives - but it is probably the actions of Muslim rebels.
Thai media also wanted to identify a pattern typical of the bomb attacks of Muslim separatists in the south of the country.
Thai police, on the other hand, said the attacks were not related to the Islamist uprising movement or international terrorism.
"This is only local sabotage, limited to limited areas and provinces," a spokesman in Bangkok said.
It is assumed that the bombs were placed by opponents of the ruling military junta.
In the past few days, the authorities would have received intelligence on upcoming attacks in the south of the country - though they were not informed of the exact timing and location.
It is still unclear which group is behind the attacks.
Police instructed their officials across the country to step up security around key government buildings as well as airports, railway stations, tourist attractions, restaurants and entertainment districts.
In Thailand, there are always smaller bombings, but mostly they do not target tourists.
Hua Hin is home to a palace used for years by Thailand's King Bhumibol Adulyadej.
After the bomb explosions, the Austrian Ministry of Foreign Affairs recommends on its homepage that the instructions of the Thai security authorities be given.
High security risk (security level 3) applies to the provinces of Narathiwat, Yala, Pattani and Songhkla as well as Preah Vihear and surroundings.
After clashes between security forces and Muslim populations, there is no need to travel to these provinces.
Increased security risk (security level 2) applies to the rest of the country.
The attacks on Thursday and Friday took place just days after a controversial referendum on a constitution drafted by the military junta.
This gives the military great influence over the coming years too.
Junta chief and prime minister Prayut Chan-o-cha said the bombs had been an attempt to stir chaos while the country moved toward stability, an improvement in the economic situation and tourism.
Military Unta, which seized power in 2014 after a period of bloody unrest, is holding itself back to having led the kingdom back to stability and order.
However, the military has also failed to manage the uprising of Muslim rebels in the far south of the country for years.
More than 6500 people have already been killed in the conflict.
Just over a year ago, 20 people were killed in Bangkok in an attack on a popular Hindu shrine - most of them foreign tourists.
It was the bloodiest attack on the country's recent history.
The right-wing "Identitarian movement" has come under fire from the Federal Office for Constitutional Protection.
According to several local offices, the constitutional protectors in the federal government also put the group under observation.
"We see in the Identitarian movement evidence of aspirations against the liberal democratic order," said constitutional protection chief Hans-Georg Maaßen of the German Press Agency in Berlin.
So immigrants of Islamic faith or from the Middle East are being defamed in extremist ways.
That's why we are now watching the movement.
The Identitarian movement is a grouping with French roots, which has also been active in Germany since 2012.
It opposes "multicultural crackdowns," "uncontrolled mass immigration" and the "loss of one's own identity through strangers."
Constitutional protectors in nine federal states - Bremen, Bavaria, Hesse, Berlin, Baden-Württemberg, NRW, Lower Saxony, Saxony and Thuringia - are already watching the "identitaries."
Maaßen said his authority had aligned itself closely with the local offices during the decision.
"Groups like the Identitarian movement are trying to pick up their target group where it stands," the constitutional protection chief said.
Generally, extremists try to address them with youth-appropriate language, often with poppy music.
Islamists like right-wing extremists do that.
It's not a beguiling advertisement for your own thing.
Propaganda is supposed to address people emotionally.
Young people are particularly vulnerable here.
It is dangerous.
Finally, there had been reports from several federal states of contacts of "identitaries" with AfD politicians.
Maaßen said he had no findings on that.
For constitutional protection, possible contacts of this nature are only relevant from a certain point of view.
It is important for the respective party - in this case the AfD - to change its target and become so extremist by certain individuals who are extremist.
The decisive factor is whether such individuals have control over the party.
This is not apparent.
In view of the significant increase in right-wing crime and attacks on asylum seekers and refugee shelters, Maaßen said he would not yet speak of new right-wing terrorism in this context.
But we have noted in recent years that there can be legal terrorist structures.
There was the Old School Society group or the Freitaler Group.
It may well be that other right-wing terrorist groups or micro groups are forming, the attacks against asylum seekers, refugee homeowners or attacks from other right-wing extremist motives.
However, Germany-wide or Europe-wide control of legal terrorism is not apparent.
The previous groups have emerged at regional level or on social networks.
Maaßen expressed concern that many assaults went to the account of people who had not previously appeared in the right scene.
That's the worrying thing.
Many of the suspects in attacks on asylum shelters were previously not known as criminals, politically motivated offenders or supporters of the right scene.
"So many people have committed crimes that previously had nothing to do with right-wing extremists, who were perhaps politically indifferent, or, for example, CDU, SPD or left, who then radicalised themselves by right-wing extremist sentiment."
Rio 2016: Robel Kiros Habte becomes an internethit
Not always do Olympians or world records determine the headlines at the Olympics.
This shows the brave performance of Robel Kiros Habte at the summer games in Rio de Janeiro.
At the Aquatics Center, the slightly overweight swimmer from Ethiopia swam so slowly that he was temporarily no longer seen in the TV images.
He just disappeared - no matter how far the cut was selected.
On social networks, Habte subsequently became a viral internethit.
In fact, the 24-year-old finished his lead with a backlog of 48 seconds and finished 59 in 59.
It was rather his not-exactly-sporty figure, who drew the attention of international media.
Why the 24-year-old still attends the Olympics?
The Ethiopians got a special start right from the international swimming association.
This is distributed to make swimming in under-represented countries more familiar.
Since most athletes are running in aethopia, Habte simply wanted to do something different.
Preparation is everything: Robel Kiros Habte makes himself ready for the big race.
quickly, the first nicknames made the round.
Some media described him as a "robel of the whale."
In line with a "prosperity belly," the English tabloid "The Sun" made fun of him with "Dad Bod."
His time, he only beat with one minute and almost five seconds over the 100-meter free style, played no part.
Comparisons with Eric the Eel were also drawn.
At the 2000 Sydney Olympics, Eric Moussambani's run ensured media attention.
Unforgettable was the appearance of the swimming pool from Equatorial Guinea when he had to enter over 100 metres of free style on his own.
Frenchman was fired at the time.
The then 22-year-old only learned about eight months before Olympia and had never completed such a long distance before the match.
A seat in the front row to the stunning architecture of the Central Library of Los Angeles
Learn more about the history of the central library in downtown, as the Society of Architectural Historians / Southern California Chapter holds a salon with Arnold Schwartzman and Stephen Gee, the authors of the new book "Los Angeles Central Library: A History of its Art and Architecture."
It is planned that Gee and Schwartmann will discuss and share images of the 1926 Bertram Goodhue design as well as the 1993 restoration and addition of Hardy Holzman Pfeiffer Associates.
The salon is scheduled for August 21st from 14.00 to 16.00 in Salle Moderne at the Art Deco Southwestern School of Law, (formerly Bullocks Wilshire), 3050 Wilshire Blvd.
Visitors can visit the Mittelsaal, the stylish rooms, Cactus Lounge and the Teesalon.
Only pre-sale rates; SAH / SCC members, $15; non-members, $25.
An open industrial loft in DTLA gets a cosy makeup
We celebrate the 90.ten birthday of L.A. Central Library with - what else? - a new book.
Geretsried - The owner of a shop in the New Place has been ordered.
According to police, 67-year-old Geretsriederin had left her business at about 5.30pm on Monday, forgetting to close a window on the ground floor.
When she returned at about 8.15am the next morning, around 250 euros disappeared from the box office.
Traces of the offender could not be found.
Video surveillance is also not available.
Trump does not see the looming defeat defeat as close
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump speaks at a campaign event in Florida.
If there is nothing wrong with the election to the US President, Donald Trump has an alternative idea.
He then goes on holiday.
If Donald Trump hits the U.S. presidential election in November, it would be relatively no matter: "Ultimately, it will either fold, or I have a very, very nice, long vacation," the Republican candidate said in a telephone interview with U.S. television broadcaster CNBC.
If there is not enough for him in the end for reasons of political correctness, that's fine, Trump said.
So he beat U.S. President Barack Obama and Democrat candidate Hillary Clinton as founder of the Islamic State (IS) terror militia.
There was more and more resistance within his party.
Post rises into trade in electric transporters
An electric delivery vehicle of Deutsche Post in action.
The interest of other companies is apparently great.
The Mail plans to sell its electric vehicle Streetscooter as well.
The group will shortly start trading the transporter.
The Mail will also offer its electric transporters on the free car market from next year.
"We want to get into sales to third parties," a post spokesman said on Friday.
The company has been checking for months whether to sell its self-developed street scooter, with the letters and packs, to other businesses as well.
Post board member Jürgen Gerdes had said there were always questions such as craftspeople.
According to information from the news magazine "Der Spiegel", the Bonner Group wants to enter into mass production of the vehicles shortly.
In postown manufacturing, the company plans to build up to 10,000 cars a year and shift.
Gerdes announced that the group would significantly increase its fleet of electric cars and long-term a full shift to environmentally friendly vehicles.
"We will make a very, very robust move towards 2020," he said at the end of July.
I can imagine that we will change the fleet.
The street scooter has been active on Germany's roads since 2014.
GfK leadership after disappointing business figures
The consumer research company GfK exchanged its chief Matthias Hartmann.
The returns came suddenly - but not entirely surprising.
The difficult situation of the market research firm GfK has made it clear that the chair of CEO Matthias Hartmann is becoming even more uncertain the longer the success he has promised.
Turbulence at the top of Nuremberg market research firm GfK: after again disappointing business figures and the resignation of corporate governance, the world's number five is facing a personnel new start.
GfK chief executive wants to leave the company at the end of the year.
The chairman of the GfK Supervisory Board, Arno Mahlert, is already out of the supervisory board with effect from September 12.
The executive board member, Gerhard Hausruckinger, announced the lead on the board as early as September 1st, the company announced.
He is to officially assume the function of a "board spokesman" until a successor to Hartmann is found.
As a reason for the returns, the company called "differing views" on long-term business policy orientation.
Details did not want to name a company spokesman on Friday.
Anyone who will be managing the market research company in future is still unclear.
In investor circles, it was said on Friday that the shareholder was most recently disappointed with the continued disappointment of the restructuring initiated years ago.
Mr. Hartmann has been at GfK lace since 2011.
"However, the fruits of restructuring are still not visible after 5 years," it said.
Given the last bad GfK business figures, every shareholder will eventually be restless.
"If that were the case at BMW, that would also make the quandts like that," it said.
After setbacks in the previous quarter, the company had not stopped its loss in the second quarter of 2016.
At 361.2 million euros, sales were 6.1 percent below the comparable previous year's quarter.
In the first half of the year, sales fell by 3.4 percent at 721.2 million euros.
The second-quarter profit has mainly strained the company's slower value given its difficult economic situation.
The corporate value write-offs of 139 million euros required in the Consumer Experience business unit resulted in a loss of 148.2 million euros.
In the second quarter of 2015, GfK had yet to generate a group profit of 19.7 million.
Accidents - Bus slips into crush in graben: eight injured
In the event of an accident involving 43 seniors as passengers, eight people were injured on Thursday in Krummhörn (district Aurich).
Two of the inmates suffered serious injuries, police said.
The 66-year-old driver of the bus of a travel company from Eisenach, according to her information, had to evade a leaster that was part of the counter.
The bus came to the right from the street and slipped into a trench, as a spokeswoman for Aurich / Wittmund police reported.
"Due to the location of the bus, people were unable to leave the bus independently," she said.
The fire service cleared the inmates.
Six rescue trucks and an emergency car carriage came to the accident site on Landstrasse 2.
The uninjured passengers were brought back from a liner bus to the Pewsum horns.
There they should wait for a travel company bus.
Investigators called on the laster driver and possible witnesses to report to police.
The fees per cubic metre of waste water will be 3.10 euros for the Neudorf / Reuth / Welschenkahl waste water treatment plant from 1 October 2016, 3.44 euros for Zultenberg / Lindenberg / Lopp 3.36 euros (so far 2.26 euros) and for Azendorf 3.64 euros (so far 2.18 euros).
At the plant in Azendorf, the waste water charge will increase again if appropriate improvement measures become necessary.
After an excessive calculation, the waste water price in Azendorf will then be at 4.37 euros per cubic meter.
As Mayor Bernd Steinhäuser (CSU) reported, when the budget was approved by the Landsgemeinde Kulmbach, it was discovered that these wastewater treatment facilities were running out.
Due to legal bases, the Kasendorf market is obliged to cover the facilities in a cost-effective manner.
From 1 October 2016, the citizens as well as the industrial and industrial businesses of Welschenkahl, Neudorf, Reuth, Azendorf, Lopp, Lindenberg and Zultenberg will have to dig deeper into the purses.
The fee increases are between 48 and 67 percent.
As managing director Herbert Schmidt told the board, a new calculation of charges for the market's waste water plants was necessary.
Over the period from October 2016 to September 2020, it will also be possible to balance over or below the previous calculation period.
According to Schmidt, the heavy fee increases were due to the fact that all three waste water plants are relatively small plants with a very low waste water waste, which is between 6800 and 12000 cubic metres a year.
For example, due to the low distribution base, expenses for necessary repairs of several thousand euros would have serious consequences.
In addition, waste water in all three plants is slightly declining.
Furthermore, in the past calculation period, all three plants have also been taken up to a significant extent, not least due to their age renovation and repair expenses.
The plant in Azendorf is almost 30 years old, the facilities for Welschenkahl, Neudorf and Reuth as well as Zultenberg, Lindenberg and Lopp are almost 20 years old.
Schmidt pointed out that the mechanical ventilation plant had to be exchanged at the Azendorf waste water plant due to damage.
In the Welschenkahl pumping plant, the nearly 20-year-old conveyor plants had to be overhauled from the ground up and, after almost 20 years of operation, Lopp had to plant the first waste water pond, dispose of sewage sludge and install an additional ventilation facility to continue to comply with the water regulations.
Schmidt said: "On these extraordinary expenses, the continued care and maintenance costs, which must be taken into account in the new calculation period, came to light."
The same applies to electricity costs, which were still well below current levels during the previous calculation in 2011/2012.
Steinhäuser made it clear that in the case of the low waste water waste, the expenses for the operation and maintenance "fully beat" in the three plants.
Schmidt added that the market congregation has been spared major entertainment costs in the past 20 years.
According to Steinhäuser, the situation for these plants will continue to be precarious in the long term, especially as the supply area of the Friesenbachtal waste water sewage association will not be able to expand these facilities because they are deficient entities.
Bulgaria for the first time in 8 months inflation
National statistics show that inflation in Bulgaria was 1% on a monthly basis in July.
This is the highest value (since June 2012) and the first over zero since last October, as a positive 0.2%.
Annual average inflation of the last 12 months (August 2015 - July 2016) compared with the previous 12 months (August 2014 - July 2015) was measured by CPI -0.8 per cent.
The consumer price index in July 2016 compared to June 2016 was 101.0%, meaning monthly inflation was 1.0%.
Inflation rate since the beginning of the year (July 2016 compared to December 2015) was -0.2% and annual inflation in July 2016 was -0.2% compared to July 2015.
In July 2016, a price increase of the following groups of consumer goods was observed in July 2016: food and non-alcoholic beverages (1.7 per cent); transport (1.8 per cent); leisure and culture (6.3 per cent); restaurants and hotels (1.3 per cent); various goods and services (0.3 per cent).
Prices fell for clothes and shoes (2.2 per cent); furnishings, household appliances and routine maintenance (0.5 per cent); health (0.1 per cent).
Prices remained as high as in the previous month for alcoholic drinks and tobacco; apartments, water, electricity, gas and other fuels; communications; and education.
Snapchat "Anime" effect criticised as Asian caricature
Snapchat says this filter is animme-inspired, but some observers say it's insensitive to breeds.
With its filter tool, Snapchat allows around 150 million daily users to change reality and play with identities in such a way that borders on the absurd.
You can turn into a pineapple, a dog or a figure that could be from a Roy Lichtenstein painting.
The filters are unblemished, proprietary tools that generate more than 30 million improved selfies a day.
All wrongdoing reaches the public.
Snapchat filters have drawn criticism in the past, in which they were accused that the app Blackface would promote promoting or white skin as a beauty ideal.
When this week, some users suggested a filter that gave them slot eyes, false teeth and dark cheeks, some critics called a racist caricature of Asians - "yellow face."
They wondered if these repeated controversies pointed to a bigger problem that the company has with diversity.
The news and outrage were widely shared on Wednesday, with reports from The Verge and Motherboard, a day after Snapchat announced it had deactivated the feature.
The company offered an apology: the filter was meant as an homage to anime characters rather than a caricature of Asians.
But outsiders who experienced raisin reminded the filter of violating clichés.
Others strongly opposed the animal's comparison.
In an email, Grace Sparapani, a Korean-American art student whose tweet was widely shared over the photos, wrote that the filter was "injurious and to say the least uncomfortable."
She added that "it is difficult to argue with the comparison of a very resounding Asian caricature and filter effects.
It shows that the filter is not clear, but that the yellow face has been drawn into the devaluing extreme.
Snapchat is not the only company that crosses this cultural stumbling wire.
American culture seems to be implicated in an endless diversity and integration struggle, from conference rooms to Hollywood and the devices we all hold in hand.
And snapchat large audiences of young people - who are more diverse in race than their older counterparts - might more likely expect sensitivity.
When one of Snapchat's filters creates an image that is offensive to a user, "so it's much harder that such things go unnoticed than it used to be," 25-year-old Katie Zhu said in an interview on Thursday.
On Thursday, Zhu, who works as a product manager and engineer for medium, opted to delete her snapchat account, urged others to do the same.
In an essay for Medium and in a phone interview, she said she believes racial controversies reflect a lack of diversity in recruitment practices at Snapchat.
Zhu criticized the largely white, only male leadership, and ended her essay with a hashtag: #DeleteSnapchat.
"Either they don't have a diverse representation of people with other skin colours in their workforce so they can make such decisions," said the Chinese-American Zhu, "or they have people with other skin colours that work there but are not in positions where they are safe or comfortable to say about it."
Others share their opinion, a complaint Snapchat largely unanswered.
The company does not publish figures on the diversity of its workforce and points to its status as a private company.
On Thursday, Snapchat declined to discuss the cultural backgrounds of its employees, but according to a spokesman, the company recently hired a staff person focused on under-represented populations and internal integration efforts.
For her part, Zhu said she will let her snapchat account shut down, adding, "I wonder if they need more users like us to say that's not O.K."
Military leadership falsifies ISIS intelligence information, congresses committee
United States Central Command military personnel altered intelligence information to draw a more optimistic picture of the war against the so-called Islamic State in Iraq and Syria than it would have allowed actual state conditions on the ground, a congressional committee of inquiry reported in a report on Thursday.
The preliminary report, drawn up by a task force of Republican members of the Board of Conflict, Intelligence Committee and Wehrbudgetkommite, reported great dissatisfaction among Central Command intelligence analysts, who reported how superiors changed their assessments of American efforts in the fight against the Islamic State.
Central Command, briefly Cencom, is the military headquarters in Tampa, Florida, which controls American military operations in the Middle East and Central Asia.
"Intelligence information, typically notorious by senior Centcom commanders, regularly drew a more positive picture of American efforts against terrorism than it had allowed actual conditions on the ground and was consistently more positive than analyses of other intelligence services," a newspaper article quoted the report as saying.
"What happened at Centcom is unacceptable - our soldiers suffer when bad analyses are presented to our political leaders," said Ken Calvert, a Republican member of the House of Representatives.
The leadership errors in Centcom range up to the top top of the organisation.
The ten-page report detailed persistent problems in 2014 and 2015 in descriptions and analyses of American efforts in the training of Iraqi forces.
Although it does not provide direct indications that government peaks under Obama have given instructions to change the reports, it shows how analysts face pressure from their prerogatives to draw a more optimistic picture of the Islamic State threat, also known as ISIS or ISIL.
"During the first half of 2015, many Central Command press releases, opinions and statements in front of Congress were significantly more positive than it did the facts," the report noted.
For example, a Centcom affiliate publicly announced that a military reconquest of Mossuls could begin as early as April or May 2015.
Mossul, Iraq's second largest city, remains under the control of the Islamic State.
"After months of investigation, it's so clear," Mike Pompeo, Republican congressman from Kansas, said in an opinion statement.
From the middle of 2014 to the middle of 2015, Central Command leaders changed intelligence reports to downplay the threat posed by ISIS in Iraq.
Republicans called the task force into life after they were told that analysts were worried about manipulation of reports on Islamic State.
The report, published on Thursday, will be completed by more detailed findings while investigations will continue.
In addition, further investigations of Centcom reports are under way by the inspector general of the Ministry of Defence.
Democratic members of the intelligence committee released their own findings on Thursday, agreeing with some of the Republican task force conclusions.
"In 2014 and 2015, Centcom created an overly limited process for creating intelligence assessments on ISIL and the Iraqi security services," the highest-ranking Democrat in the committee, a member of the House of Representatives Adam B. Schiff, announced in an opinion statement.
That process, Mr. Schiff said, "delayed the publication of intelligence reports," damaging morale among analysts and "gave overly little room for divergent opinions."
But Mr. Schiff and the Democrats said there was no indication of an intervention by the White House at Centcom analysts regarding a "certain political opinion."
The preliminary results of the congressional investigations were published on Tuesday by "The Daily Beast."
Last August, the New York Times reported from investigations by the Pentagon's inspector general, who received complaints from Centcom analysts.
Lt. Cmdr. Patrick Evans, a Pentagon press spokesman, said in an opinion statement that the Ministry of Defence would not comment on Congress while the inspection's investigations were still underway.
But he also admitted that "experts sometimes have divergent opinions regarding interpreting complex data, and that the intelligence services and the Ministry of Defence welcome a controversial discussion of these important issues of national defense."
The investigations have repercussions on the issue of a successful air campaign under American leadership in Iraq and Syria (a claim that has now been made by a growing number of Defense Ministry members).
Last year's accusations, however, raised the question of how President Obama can rely on Central Command for honest assessments of military operations in Iraq, Afghanistan, Libya and other crisis regions.
Criticism about secret information about the Islamic State is reminiscent of interceptions of more than ten years ago, when a Centcom analyst, Gregory Hooker, wrote a document about how the then government under George W. Bush faced only a small crew force in Iraq, and little time to worry about the consequences of the 2003 invasion.
Mr. Hooker also played a key role in the uprising against current coverage of the Islamic State.
Last year, the team for Mr. Hooker, according to government officials, notes that, contrary to government statements, air strikes against the Islamic State-held refineries would not have any significant impact on the financial position of the terrorist group, as these provisional refineries would have been put into operation to sell oil on the black market.
However, this finding was not published, the Times reported in September.
Centcom's damning commander, Gen. Lloyd J. Austin III, was criticised by members of the Legislature for his overly positive assessment of the state of war at a hearing before the Senate.
General Austin retired in April and was replaced by Gen. Joseph L. Votel at Central Command.
USA wins fourth match in women's field hockey, a showdown with Britain
A day after she shot three goals during a 6-1 victory over Japan, Katie Bam also made the first two goals for the women's field hockey team in a match Thursday against India that Americans won 3-0.
Five goals in two games should actually be a memorable achievement, but Bam (27) said she couldn't remember having ever done that.
"I have no idea," she said.
I'm not one of the people who keep their gates in mind.
However, it knows: the Americans are 4-0 in Olympic competition and are in their group with the British in their first place, unbeaten after their 2-0 win against Japan.
Britain and the United States will meet on Saturday in the final game of the first round.
Both teams have already qualified for the quarter-finals, the game will decide which of the two will win the first and second place within their group from six teams.
The first place will take the strong Dutch out of the way that the other group leads.
Whatever the game on Saturday, Americans have caused a surprising swirl through their success story, four years after they landed at last year's London Games at the last of 12 places.
Bam was part of this team.
She grew up in Blue Bell, Pennsylvania, and had a hockey squirrel for the first time at three years (her two older sisters played the sport at Drexel University), at 16, she became a national player in the USA, the youngest in the team's history.
She missed the Olympics in 2008 as she couldn't qualify for the kader.
Then came 2012, where everything went wrong for her and her team.
In the following year, Craig Parnham, an Englishman, coach of the national team, and thus things started to turn better.
"A culture change, a mental change and a physical change," Bam said.
We didn't have the workload in London we have now.
We can tear the ruder around completely.
On Thursday evening, Bam opened the torre in the first half of the game with a backhand shot from close range.
India had gone into the game without victory in the tournament, but the team proved surprisingly fenced and kept the 1-0 game up to the third quarter until Bam took the game into their hands.
She carried a sprint with the flat ball over the left flank, then moved into the middle and lugged the ball into the gate to give the American a 2-0 lead.
Melissa Gonzalez made the final goal in the middle of the last quarter.
The shutout was the first of the entire tournament for the US goalkeeper, Jackie Briggs, who had to book a gate in each of the previous games.
She has a run.
Just like Bam.
"We're in a good position," said Parnham, but how well will depend on the outcome of the next game on Saturday.
In the midst of the Olympic Games, the Zen of the Trampoline
Whatever you are, however late it is, it is the Olympics.
The events in Rio de Janeiro feel steady and inescapable, a fast-paced baton between competition and aspiration.
It is as if the Olympic torch itself is a burning pole that goes from the brake protection to the swimmer to the turner to the turner.
You can't turn on the TV, read a newspaper or listen to your neighbour's conversation in the queue at Coffeshop without hearing about Simone Biles, Katie Ledecky or the dispute between Michael Phelps and Chad le Clos.
And then there is Logan Dooley.
Dooley, who is at the Olympics for the first time at the Olympics and a women's swarm with green, could well have been among those familiar names being sent to Prime Time, built by sponsors and wellbeing TV adverts if he were a swimmer, Turner or even fencer.
But Dooley, 28, from Lake Forest, California, is fighting gold in Olympic trampoline.
The Olympic flame doesn't illuminate every event.
Further from the centre, partly in the shadows, are the sports that are not universally recognised: air pistols shooting, archery, badminton, taekwondo.
We'll always have the chest swim and it will be long.
But if I can humbly make arguments for my particular favourite, let me draw attention to the trampoline's discreet charm.
Although trampoline is already an Olympic event since 2000, when it had its debut in Sydney, it has been so scary for the last 16 years that many, I had interviewed, didn't know it was an Olympic sport at all.
That could also be regional ignorance.
Although the USA sent athletes to the competition, it has never won a medal in trampoline and has had an athlete until 2012 that has managed to reach the final.
The Chinese and Russians tend to share the prices for the men and the Chinese and Canadians.
Dong Dong from China and Rosie MacLennan from Canada will defend their gold medal from London this year.
The trampoline has a certain outsider charm, in part because it fits the unenlightened ear for a clown school than that for the Olympics.
At this point I should admit that I am not an expert, but just an accomplished enthusiast.
It has humoristic potential - the cartoonist citation of its never-ending impact - but also the grace of the tournament and diving, the two sports that essentially unite it.
The word "trampoline" comes from the Spanish El trampoline, which means as much as "springboard."
Prospective victors jump on a gigantic trampoline, shoot almost up to 30 feet into the air and must have a series of falling movements (turning, hitting and saltos) before landing on their feet.
They are assessed according to the official Olympic program by execution, difficulty level and "flight time."
Powerfully athletes from 17 countries, 16 men and 16 women, will compete against each other in Rio.
The most common Olympic vector is straight.
Medal hoff must go further in their pursuit of gold, faster, upwards and over, sometimes to the finish, sometimes back and forth, up and down the pitch.
Not only do they hunt the finish line or the exit wall, but also in the television transmission, another cavernous goal: that of the world or the Olympics.
The targeted aspiration is noble, admirable, even fanatic - and it's enough to even stir a spectator to tears.
But it's also what I find a bit tiring even when I grant these games.
The trampoline offers a breathing space.
The trampolinspringer's vector is up.
A pre-heat movement is not the goal.
He or she prallt, seemingly weightless like an astronaut, goes upwards, then downwards, then effortlessly back up.
There is competition here, obviously, not without difficulty, but during the exercise there is no hectic attack on the goal, no wolves in the distance, just the dreamy, elegant lifting of time and gravity.
It's as Zen as the competition at the Olympics can only be.
Women's qualification and endrance will take place on Friday afternoon, in streaming at 1pm Eastern Time; that of men on Saturday, also at 1pm.
NBC will broadcast the Endrells as part of an afternoon block on both days from 14.00.
In the midst of Olympic mania, they promise a quiet, nice moment, one that is likely to overlook in general tumult.
If raising awareness can only be achieved by angling and objectifying male athletes - as the male U.S.-Turner recently suggested, according to The Wall Street Journal - Mr. Dooley expects his air-ring, new fan base.
"A generation protested" in Ethiopia, Long an ally of the U.S.
Violent protests in Ethiopia
Demonstrators demanding political changes in Ethiopia stalled at violent opposition from the government.
Witnesses say that a few protesters were killed during clashes with police during shooting.
Is Ethiopia just collapsing?
Over the past decade, it has been one of Africa's most stable countries, a solid ally of the West with a rapidly growing economy.
But in recent months, protests against the government have shaken the country and spread into more and more areas.
Last week, thousands of people stormed onto the streets and demanded fundamental political changes.
The government's response was merciless, according to human rights organizations.
Witnesses said police shot and killed officers on a few unarmed protesters.
Video about the protests, presumably from the last or early this year, shows how security people are beating young people with sticks, while these were forced to make a handstand against a wall.
The head of the U.N. human rights authority now calls for an in-depth investigation.
"It has always been difficult to hold this country together and in the future it will become even more difficult," said Rashid Abdi, the project leader of the Horn of Africa of the International Crisis Group, a research group.
Ethiopia is the most populous country in Africa after Nigeria and its stability is estimated by the West.
American military and intelligence services are working closely with the Ethiopians to fight terror threats beyond the region, especially in Somalia, but only a few countries in Africa receive so much Western aid.
Ethiopia's economy expanded at a significant pace.
Its infrastructure has improved drastically - there is a new commuter train in the capital Addis Ababa.
The roads are usually quiet, safe and clean.
Even though Ethiopia was anything but a role model for democracy - human rights organizations have continued to cite repression by the government - the opposition in the country has been restricted, with dissidents effectively silenced.
Many were sent into exile or jail, killed or driven into the desert.
But that could change.
"If you suppress people and don't have other options other than to protest, it breaks out," said Seyoum Teshome, a lecturer in central Ethiopia.
The whole youth protested.
A generation protested.
There are numerous complaints covering everything from land use to stranglehold on power of the ruling coalition.
After a widely criticized election last year, the ruling party and its allies received the last seat of the opposition and now control 100 percent of parliament.
At the same time, tensions are rising along the border with Eritrea; a battle for this crunchy, controversial line demanded hundreds of lives in June.
Analysts fear separatists such as the Oromo Liberation Front or the Ogaden National Liberation Front, which have been more or less confined in recent years, could exploit the turmoil and arm themselves again.
Several factors explain why feelings of bitterness are now exploding after years of falling under the surface.
The first seems harmless: smartphones.
Only in recent years have many Ethiopians been able to communicate through social media as cheaper smartphones became more common and internet services improved.
Even if the government blocks access to Facebook and Twitter, what it does regularly, especially in protests, many people can still communicate via internet proxies that hide where they are staying.
Several young Ethiopians said they were so gathered to protest.
The second factor is that there is more solidarity between the Oromos and Amharas, the two largest ethnic groups in Ethiopia.
The Oromos and Amharas are not natural enemies.
Since Eons, the Amharas, who come from Ethiopia's mostly Christian Highlands, prospered in politics and economy while exploiting the Oromos, many of whom are Muslim and live in flat land areas.
But that too is changing.
"We are in the process of coordinating under an umbrella," said Mulatu Gemechu, a leader of the Oromos.
The largest protests took place in areas of Amhara and Oromos.
Many Amharas and Oromos feel that Ethiopia is unfairly dominated by members of the Tigray ethnic group, which account for around 6 percent of the population and which are dominant in the military, intelligence, trade and politics.
The third reason for the unrest is the death of Meles Zenawi.
Mr. Meles, a former rebel leader, was Ethiopia's prime minister until his death in 2012 for 17 years.
He was seen as a tactical genius, a man who could think of corners.
Analysts say he was particularly adept at exercising early signs of discontent and using special agents to edit opponents and make them harmless.
"The current regime lacks this fundamental skill," said Mr. Abdi, a conflict analyst.
Ethiopia's new prime minister, Hailemariam Desalegn, was chosen for relatively opaque reasons to take Mr Mele's position.
Unlike Mr. Meles, who came from the Tigray region of North Ethiopia, Mr. Hailemariam comes from the south.
Analysts say he does not enjoy the confidence of the security services controlled by the Tigray.
Many fear the result will be more bloodshed.
The last time Ethiopia experienced such an uptick was in 2005 after thousands protested against elections that, according to analytics, were seemingly swept away by the government and subsequently stolen.
During the following raids, many protesters were killed, even though it was less than in recent months and this period of unrest went relatively quickly.
Development experts praised Ethiopia's leaders for their visionary infrastructure planning, like the new commuter train, as well as for their measurable progress in fighting poverty.
But obviously this did not prevent the intensification of the Ethiopian government's internal misgivings.
And it takes a dangerous ethnic form.
Last month protesters at Gondar, an amharic city, Tigray-led business, and hatred of the Tigray become increasingly popular on social media.
Analysts say the protests put the U.S. and other Western allies in a peculiar position.
The American government used Ethiopia as a base for drones over neighbouring Somalia, even though it recently announced that it was closing this base.
While the West clearly wants to support democracy, he does not want his ally to collapse in an already volatile area.
"This," Mr. Abdi said, "is a very thin grate migration."
Donald Trump declares his claim Obama has founded ISIS "sarcasm"
Donald J. Trump tried on Friday to dispel the last controversy surrounding his campaign, angering that his multiple repeated assertion that President Obama and Hillary Clinton would be the "founders" of the Islamic State terrorist group were not serious.
This clarification raised new questions about the communications skills of the Republican presidential candidate, whether he is able to communicate clearly and understandably with the American public.
It also brings his fellow members, who are trying to take him into protection during an eventful phase, into the peculiar position of having to explain statements he might not have meant.
After making the announcement at an election campaign event on Wednesday evening, Mr. Trump backfired on the claim on Thursday, insisting in interviews that he really didn't intend to indicate the president and Mrs. Clinton had created ISIS.
But in an early morning tweet on Friday, Mr. Trump said he was simply sartorial.
The tweet was the opposite of the previous day, where Mr. Trump said in a series of interviews he meant the accusation was completely serious.
When conservative radio presenter Hugh Hewitt wanted to help Mr. Trump mitigate the statement somewhat by reminding him that Mr. Obama wants to destroy ISIS, the Republican presidential candidate wanted nothing to know about it.
The last storm of criticism is prassed on Mr. Trump, while trying to steer the focus of his campaign on the economic situation because of falling poll values.
Mr. Trump and Mrs. Clinton held speeches on the economic situation in Michigan this week.
On Friday, Mr. Trump tried again to return to the issue.
Saying via Twitter, he warned that Mrs. Clinton's proposals would lead to higher taxes and that he found her speech boring.
Mr. Trump has already brought sarcasm to his defense.
At the end of July, he drew strong criticism when he meant the Russians should hack Mrs. Clinton's emails, but he later declared "of course I meant that sartorial."
This method allows Mr. Trump to shift linguistic boundaries in politics and then backfire as required.
"I think it's one of his methods to test how certain messages are taken by his fans, how they arrive, and then if necessary "clarify" depending on how the reaction comes out," said Ruth Sherman, a communications expert who watched the language of both candidates.
But I also think he is clever enough to keep his statements vague enough so they can be interpreted in different ways.
Instead of firing the tone for the presidential election, Mr. Trump has adopted an even more impressive tone as his poll values have continued to decline.
A new NBC / Wall Street Journal / Marist poll released Friday showed a lead with a big lead in the states of North Carolina, Virginia, Colorado and a head-on-head race in Florida.
While Mr. Trump generally tries not to apologize for his provocative remarks, he frequently accuses his critics of distorting his statements or misunderstanding his humor.
But while he is intensified in the focus of attention in the final months of his presidential campaign, Mr. Trump's Scherze has put his loyal supporters into the uncomfortable situation of having to stand up to him, regardless of how provocative his statements may be.
Rudolph W. Giuliani, former mayor of New York and one of Trump's most prominent advocacy groups, gave a great effort to defend the candidate in a CNN interview Thursday.
"I believe what he says are legitimate, political comments," Mr. Giuliani said, so he was questioned about Mr. Trump's veracity as to whether Mr. Obama and Mrs. Clinton had founded the Islamic State.
It is true, in this sense, that before Obama ISIS was an almost unknown, small organization, he called her backbencher, completely wrong and that's why it happened because he pulled the troops out of Iraq.
Most mainstream Republicans are trying to argue that the Obama administration, where Mrs. Clinton served as Secretary of State, allowed ISIS to spread out by allowing the situation in the Middle East to be aggressively under control.
Before campaigning in Pennsylvania on Friday, Mr. Trump continued his attacks on the media, warning them to recapture on each of his words and be biased against him.
He mocked the "poor, merciless" TV experts trying to understand him and said, "You can't!"
Some Democrats spotted over Mr. Trump's apology as just further proof that he was unfit for the presidential race.
Once over the price squeezed out of the market, cafe comes back in Greenpoint
Verb Cafe was a shameful café in William Castle where you could only pay cash that had no Wi-Fi but served good coffee for 15 years.
Of course, prices were squeezed out of his Bedford Avenue store front.
The Soap Cherie business, which replaced Verb in the summer of 2014, sells soap in the form of cupcakes.
Locals used it as the last loss in a gentrifying city.
Artist Molly Crabapple wrote on Twitter, "I know New York is change, but I still can't believe CBGB is dead, the Chelsea Hotel excludes and Verb is now a soap business."
But if New York is change, it is also new finishes.
A revived verb cafe opened last November at Greenpoint, less than a mile north of its original location.
The new verb has Wi-Fi and accepts credit cards, but still has some of the same employees and a similarly simple atmosphere.
The coffee is still good.
The new owner of the verb is Cisco Rodriguez, a longtime employee of the old café, who is the owner and managing director of the new café.
He began working at Verb in 2001 and stayed there until the end.
When a customer offered to provide funds for a new outpost, he was excited to do it, he said.
Rodriguez, 36, maintained a lot.
Verb uses the same distributor for the bagels bought the same espresso machine model.
It even uses the same lamps from the old verb.
But Rodriguez said he also wanted to experiment.
He introduced new ingredients.
The menu includes sandwiches with bacon and cheese and there are garniches like capers and sucked onions.
There are natural rice bowls.
The café no longer serves beer, there are fresh juices for that.
After nine months, Rodriguez said he noticed a stubborn stream of old regular customers.
"Many old customers were also forced out of William Castle by prices," he said.
Recently on a Sunday Rebecca Oliveira was such a customer.
Oliveira, 34, formerly lived in William Castle and visited the verb regularly.
Even after she moved to Greenpoint, she would take the road.
After the verb closed, she gave up coffee drinking for a while, she said.
"It became clear to me that there was coffee and culture in the verb that I liked," she said.
Now she drinks coffee again, even though she ordered a blended Chai Tea on that day instead of her usual Iced Coffees, which is another new addition.
Tom Rosenthal has been another long-time and loyal customer since the verb began in 2003.
He went there before work and inevitably ordered the same thing.
"I came fourth after seven, every day, like a Swiss pocket clock and they prepare my everything-Bagel with butter," he said.
Photo Rodriguez said he wanted to experiment and add new ingredients to the menu.
Nowadays, Rosenthal still gets his usual order, but sometimes he changes his everything-Bagel with bacon, egg and cheese.
Rodriguez said he had no groom about the soap business taking the old business space.
In fact, the Soap Cherie owners offered to make a special soap for verb with the cafe's cold-hearted coffee as an ingredient.
"I think we will still be looking at their offer," Rodriguez said.
And the traditional Polish residents Greentpoints have also accepted the cafe.
A new customer has translated the menu into Polish and Rodriguez said he plans to exhibit it soon so that his new neighbours feel welcome.
The site also has further advantages.
A local juice local wants to fill and sell the cold-hearted coffee into the bottles.
There is a chance that the café will expand onto a neighbouring building.
A new verb is enough for many customers to get their old favourites.
Joseph Witt was a regular customer and said he was destroyed on the ground when the café closed.
When the new café opened, Whitt said that entering the venue and ordering a new coffee felt like a return home.
"I had to smell that," he said.
The depressing eating of the economic crisis in "a plentiful meal"
In March 1933, shortly after his rise to the president, Franklin Delano Roosevelt took his lunch in the Oval Office.
As gourmets, President Roosevelt had a faible for refined delicacies of Fifth Avenue such as Pâte de foie gras and Maryland water turtle soup.
His menu that day was slightly more modest: filled eggs in tomato sauce, potato püree and as dessert a plum pudding.
"It was an act of culinary solidarity with suffering people," Jane Ziegelman said.
Her husband, Andrew Coe, added, "It was also a message to Americans how they should eat."
The couple live in Brooklyn Heights and are both food historians.
Coe's last book, "Chop Suey," was from Chinese cuisine in the USA, while Ziegelman told "97 orchard" about living in a residential home on the Lower East Side from the food perspective.
Her latest collaboration, "A Decent meal," which will appear at Harper Verlag on Tuesday, illustrates the history of American cuisine during the Great Depression.
They showed culinary solidarity as they met with a reporter at Eisenberg's Sandwich Shop for dinner, a small, snappy snack in the FlatIron District, which has already been in business since the 1929 stock market crash.
Ziegelman, 54, ordered a fresh cheese sandwich with olive pieces, while Coe, 57, turkey with potato püree and vegetable mixture.
When the reporter ordered hackers, this found the pair fit for a discussion about eating in the era of the Great Depression.
"Wealthy foods were very popular," Ziegelman said.
There were peanut bread, liver cheese and bean bread.
They were made of an ingredient and something cheap that stretched the ingredient.
Imagine eating so many peanuts that they serve them as dinner.
Coe gringest.
"It must have been in the stomach like lead," he said.
In the years before the Great Depression, the table in an American household, especially in rural areas, was an all-you-can-eat buffet.
Women's teams cooked for male field workers and freshly baked pastete was served for breakfast, lunch and dinner.
It was the Americans who sent food to starving Europeans during the first world war. "A Square Meal" painted the ways the country went about not being the land of sheep.
"It was a time when food became a central, tense issue for Americans," Coe added, explaining why he and his wife wanted to write about it.
Just as tense was the new budget diet: Secrecy foods such as brote and cashier reels were made to staple, the cashier role as a "wonderful way to reuse food remains," Ziegelman noted, as cooks could hide unsavoury ingredients under a creamy sauce.
Fresh fruit was replaced with cheaper dry fruit.
Meat, which for years was the focus of American cuisine, became a rarely served luxury.
Peculiar mixtures were tried as a calorie-rich and nourishing satisfaction took precedence over taste or even healthy kitchen mind.
During her research for the book, which also includes recipes, Ziegelman prepared a dish from that era, baked onions with peanut butter.
"It wasn't a popular addition at lunch," says Coe.
Ziegelmann continues: "It was surreal."
Peanut butter and baked onions don't suit each other.
It was typical of many of the house economy recipes.
As never before, or ever since, household economists - including Louise Stanley, head of the Federal Bureau of Home Economics between 1923 and 1943 - are pushing the country's eating habits like that.
By publishing recipes and articles in newspapers and magazines, they encouraged women to become "budget politicians" and to meet the challenge of turning pampe like creamy spaghetti with carrots into delicious meals.
"A Square Meal" is a celebration of historical delicacies.
Particularly tasty are the reports of the government's response to hungry citizens, such as President Herbert Hoover's Lass-me-cake-eating attitude.
While publicly praising the simple Iowa farmhouse kitchen of his kitchen, he saved like the millions-heavy man of world he has become.
"He liked continental cuisine like fish with cucumber sauce," Coe said.
He was sitting in an almost gold-plated dining room and wearing a smoking.
He was gloriously alien.
President Roosevelt might have made the same mistake if not his wife Eleanor had asked him to statualize an exempt with his stomach.
As described in the book, the hallmark of a housekeeper with no interest in flavors by Ms. Roosevelt led to the White House producing the most boring food in Washington, but also one of the most trosty."
Many of the species from the Great Depression era to deal with food were discarded once the country got back on its feet.
The legacy is based on our continued focus on calories and food, said Ziegelman, as well as how science was applied to food.
The couple admitted to having better understood Ziegelman's eating habits when writing the book - for example, how she couldn't throw away food.
"She had a real fear of wasting food," Coe said.
Ziegelman recalled: "She actually made people sick."
There was the windbag incident.
After the plates were cleared at Eisenberg's, they and Coe drew a dessert that they had prepared at home: the plum dessert that President Roosevelt was enjoying at lunch.
"It's called Prune Whip," Ziegelman said, adding that it was a common trick to miss a more modest recipe.
There was no swollen cream, only plums, some flour, sugar, water and cinnamon.
Everyone reluctantly appeared a spoon in the teeth, brown glibbers.
Astonishingly, it wasn't bad.
Coe took a hit three times.
Like a Can-Do budgeter, he said to his wife, "A few hacked walnuts would help."
In bomb attack: He was the hero of Aleppo
He put his own life at risk to help others: Khaled Omar.
He was the hero of Aleppo: Khaled Omar devoted his life to the people of Syria.
He risked everything to save others.
Now the 30-year-old himself has died in a facial bomb attack by the Assad regime.
Omar was a member of the White Helmets, a civil protection group that, according to Bild newspaper, saved nearly 60,000 people.
2900 volunteers are putting their own lives at risk to pull people out of crushed homes and provide first aid in the war zone.
They are the heroes of the war in Syria.
Omar was the face of the group: A video of the civil servant showing him at an 11-hour rescue of a baby from the rubble of a house went around the world in 2014.
It made the Syrians the luminous symbol character in the horror of war.
As a hero, however, he never saw himself, said according to Bild: "For me that's the real jihad."
"When I die from saving lives, I think God sees a martyr in me."
Shortly before Omar himself fell victim to an attack, he had spoken in a video about the last bombings in Syria.
The helicopters have thrown four facial bombs over the Alzadia district, one was filled with chlorine gas.
A woman and two children died, seven people suffering from breathing difficulties.
"We are now removing the poisonous remnants of the bomb so that children don't play with it," the image quotes his final words before he died.
The Assad regime's deadly bomb had to hit terrorists.
Greenland shark: The oldest vertebrae is almost 400 years old
Seldom sight.
Greenland sharks usually come to the surface only in winter.
This hai was allowed to return to sea after an investigation aboard the research vessel Sanna.
He was born in 1624 and floats well at 1 km / h through the North Atlantic - to this day.
Greenland sharks only get 150 years of offspring.
The Greenland shark is floating along the north Atlantic Ocean, and in an hour it is an average of 1,220 metres.
Only when it arrives will the five-metre-long animal accelerate to sat 2.6 km / h - and is half as fast as a seal at this maximum speed.
This slowness, however, seems to be a recipe for high age.
Julius Nielsen of the University of Copenhagen and his colleagues, in the journal "Science," at least, report a Greenland shark that could be 392 years old.
"Madness," Alexander Scheuerlein of the Max Planck Institute for Demographic Research in Rostock said in Rostock, which represents a world record for vertebrates.
Although the evolutionary biologist has long suspected Greenland sharks will be stinged.
Only lacked evidence.
Greenland sharks are hard to watch, eventually living in the ice sea off the sparsely populated coasts of Canada, Greenland, Norway and Spitsbergen.
Because they prefer water temperatures around six degrees Celsius, they usually only dive in winter.
Researchers know little about the Greenland sharks lifestyle.
Their timescale pace was somewhat different when they took six animals with a broadcaster before Spitsbergen.
Prey make these sharks anyway: in the stomach of an animal, researchers found the remains of a seal, another had swallowed the jaw bone of a young polar bear.
They may hunt sleeping animals or patrol at the bottom of the ice ocean and seek carcasses that torkish from higher water layers.
Julius Nielsen and his colleagues now examined 28 Greenland sharks that fishermen took from Greenland or Spitsbergen in front of Greenland or Spitsbergen as a catch from the north Atlantic.
The smallest shark was just 81 centimetres long, while the largest was 502 centimetres.
To determine the age of the animals, they analyzed the lentil nucleus of the sharks with the carbon -14 method.
This center of the eye lens emerges before the birth of the sharks, the proteins contained in it will no longer be renewed.
The two smallest sharks had remarkably much carbon -14 in lentils.
Their birth should therefore be after the early 1960s, when nuclear weapons attempted to put greater quantities of this radioactive carbon into the atmosphere.
In the 220-centimetre length of the third smallest animal, the lentil core, on the other hand, contained a small surplus of carbon -14 from the nuclear tests, it should have celebrated its 50th birthday in 2012.
All major Greenland sharks, in their lentils, had normal carbon -14 quantities, created by cosmic radiation in the atmosphere.
In fact, the carbon -14 watch for a 493-centimetre long Greenland shark showed an age of 335, while the record hai was expected to be 392 years old at 502 centimetres.
Greenlandhai females only get offspring when they are longer than four metres, it was known.
Now the researchers of length were able to assign an age.
Since one of the animals was probably at the threshold of gender maturity at 392 centimetres, and its age was 156 years old, Greenland sharks can clearly be at least one and a half centuries old with the propagation.
This is also likely to be world record for vertebrates.
It is not a coincidence that such methusaleme lives mainly in icy waters.
Even the previous record holder, a 211-year-old Greenland whale, in whose bacon a 120-year-old Hardenenspitze stecked, was trapped before Alaska.
Due to low temperatures, the organism of the animals living there is often also running on flame.
So they mature later - and ageing slowly.
In order to warm up in cold water, the animals are often particularly large.
Because the volume grows much faster than its surface, through which the animal loses heat.
The heat loss of a gram of mouse is therefore much greater than in a gram of elephant.
Another advantage: They have fewer enemies.
"A smaller animal is therefore more dangerous and should focus on having as many offspring as possible as early as possible," explained evolutionary biologist Scheuerlein.
A very large animal should, on the other hand, invest its resources in a long life.
The reason in the double pack
The municipal council focused on issues related to construction in the recent meeting.
With relief, the board took the notice from Mayor Robert Putz that "finally, the marketing of recently designated residential construction areas can begin."
After the land, parcel and development issues and the applications for surveying could be clarified, the sale of the land in the residential areas of "road lane" and "Schönau-West" (section of Binderstraße - extension section 1) to interested parties no longer stands in the way.
The municipal council is convinced that the land in the rural and quiet residential community of Schöau will equally address young families and senior seniors.
As it has been said, building wilderness can be reported immediately in town hall, and the municipal council is expected to advise the municipal council in its September meeting.
In order to also be able to enquire about the relocation of other commercial establishments, linked to the creation of jobs, the municipal council decided to change the land use plan recently created in the spring of this year.
Thus, in the subtimn area, the commercial area already designated is extended by two plots towards state road 2112.
Frankfurt benefits from Brexit
The city of Main, therefore, has the best chance of attracting jobs and companies relocated from London in competition with Paris, Dublin and Luxembourg.
"It is very likely that Frankfurt will benefit most from the Brexit vote," says Michael Voigtländer, head of the competency field of financial markets and property markets of the IW.
After the Brexit referendum, it is uncertain whether money houses continue to operate from London from financial operations across the EU.
For the so-called EU passport, they have so far been subject to authorisation in Britain.
That is what big US banks are using.
Several banks have already announced their intention to relocate jobs.
The lobby association "Frankfurt Main Finance" expects 10000 new jobs in the main within five years.
For Frankfurt, the IW said, the seat of the European Central Bank (ECB), which combines responsibility for monetary policy and supervision of the largest banks in the eurozone, as well as other important authorities such as the European insurance supervisory authority EIOPA and the risk council ESRB.
In Paris, the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) has its headquarters, but it is less significant for the financial sector than the ECB.
"The proximity to the emergency bank is important for banks as they can communicate so directly with supervision," says IW Professor Voigtländer.
Luxembourg is a big fund industry, but as much as Dublin, it is cutting down on infrastructure.
Frankfurt is much easier to reach thanks to the airport.
Also, points the city with easily available commercial properties.
"In Paris, it is not so easy to find free high-quality offices," says Voigtländer.
In addition, rents for first-class commercial properties are 50 percent higher than in the main.
In addition, Frankfurt offers a higher quality of life than competition thanks to good medical care and infrastructure, as well as less crime.
In a ranking of the Mercer consultancy, the city stands in place of seven, Luxembourg in place 19, Dublin in place 33 and Paris in 37th place.
Even though quality of life is a matter of preferences, "With its already strong position as a financial location for the European single market, Frankfurt could attract more banks and investors," the IW concludes.
But London will remain the most important financial centre in Europe despite Brexit vote, mine said.
The crow relationships are also for this: in London, according to figures from Landesbank Helaba, around 144,000 people were working in the banking sector at the end of 2015, and in Frankfurt it was 62500.
Gilead gets legal costs from hepatitis C patent dispute with Merck
A U.S. official ruled Gilead Sciences Inc was entitled to the reimbursement of the legal costs incurred from the Hepatits C legal dispute with pharmaceutical company Merck & Co Inc.
In June, Gilead was cleared of a $200 million damages payment for violating Merck's two patents, which were related to blockbuster drugs Sovaldi and Harvoni of Gilead after a U.S. judge revealed a pattern of wrongdoing by Mercks, including the Oath and other unethical actions.
In collecting the lawsuit on Thursday, U.S. Office Judge Beth Labson Freeman said Gilead claims to have incurred the costs incurred during the defence of the case.
Merck is trying to equalise with Gilead, which dominates the market of a new generation of hepatitis C drugs that can cure more than 90 percent of patients with lever disease.
The case dates back to 2013, when Gilead and Merck complained to each other and took possession of lab work to which Sofosbuvir was active, the active ingredient in Gilead drugs.
U.N.-backed troops say they regain full control of Manbij from Islamic State
U.S.-backed troops have conquered full control of the northern city of Manbij near the Turkish border after the last IS fighters in the city left them, a spokesman for the group said on Friday.
The Democratic forces of Syria (DKS) are currently hampering the city after the excerpt of the remaining group of fighters who have buried themselves inside the city.
They freed over 2,000 civilians held hostage by fighters, shared Sharfan Darwish of the Reuters military council allied with the DKS.
"The city is under perfect control now, but we are just carrying out clean up," he told Reuters.
Clintons earn 10.75 million in 2015 and pay 34.2% federal taxes
Hillary Clinton released her 2015 tax return on Friday, which found an income of $US10.75 million for Democrats and her husband, and an effective federal tax rate of 34.2%.
In 2015, the Clintons donated $US1 million for charitable purposes, mostly to the Clinton Foundation; former President Bill Clinton generated almost $US5.3 million in speech fees; the former Secretary of State gave an income of $US3 million by the publisher Simon & Schuster for her book about her tenure at the Foreign Office.
Clinton's nominee for the vice presidency, Senator Tim Kaine from Virginia, together with his wife Anne Holton, is publishing his tax returns of the past decade.
They paid an effective federal tax rate of 20.3% in 2015.
"Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine continue to set standards regarding financial transparency," Clinton's Kampagnenhelferin Jennifer Palmieri said in an opinion statement.
In a stark way, Donald Trump hides behind false excuses and backers to publish his tax returns in relation to his past promises.
It is common for US presidential candidates to publish their tax returns, even though they are obliged by law.
Trump, a New York businessman, and his lawyers have indicated a tax audit by the tax authorities as reason for his refusal.
"They are on the move," Clinton's campaign director Ian Sams wrote on Twitter, referring to the release of the presidential candidates.
On Thursday, Michael Cohen, Trump's special adviser, said to CNN that he would not allow Trump to publish anything before tax audits are not completed.
Trump's critics, including Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney, have already made it clear that his refusal raises questions about assets, his donations for charitable organizations, his business dealings and various other connections, especially with Russia.
Clinton has already plunged on the issue, posting a video on the internet on Friday, in which high-ranking Republicans Trump called for his tax return to be released.
On Thursday, she also addressed the issue during a speech on the Michigan economy.
"He refuses to do what every other presidential candidate has done in recent decades and releases his tax returns," she said to the crowd.
Politico has reported that Trump paid no or very little taxes during the 1990s for two years, and a New York Times economic journalist cited a number of tax lawyers and tax advisers on Friday who indicated that that still could be the case.
Federal taxes have become an issue in the election campaign.
Clinton supports a scheme named after billionaire and investor Warren Buffett, who would ensure that people earning more than $US1 million earn a tax rate of at least 30%.
President Obama also supports the proposal.
During an election campaign event for Hillary Clinton last week in Omaha, Nebraska, whose Berkshire Hathaway industrial conglomerate has its headquarters here, called on Trump to meet with a meeting to discuss their tax returns.
Buffett said he had also undergone a tax audit of the IRS and Trump had "fear" before voters and not before the tax authorities.
Clinton's campaign has released tax returns back to 2007.
The Clintons, now living in Chappaqua, New York, paid an effective federal tax rate of about 32% between 2007 and 2014, and an effective combined tax rate of about 40.5%.
The 2015 Clinton's tax return showed that these only earned USD 100 of their income as wages, unlike most Americans.
Their main money investment was a low-cost index fund, from which Clinton's dividends and earnings of $US109,000 were taxed.
With contributions by Kevin Drawbaugh; edited by Jonathan Otis
Condoms with chili powder, fireworks promote Tanzania's elephant protection
Nature protectors in Tanzania use an unorthodox way to stop elephants from going to settlements inhabited by humans - throwing condoms at them filled with chili puders.
The method proved effective and the HoneyGuide Foundation, which had the idea years ago, has intensified its support, along with U.S. nature protection, using volunteers in villages in northern Tanzania to use a nonviolence four-step method to protect their homes and crops without injuring animals.
Previously, many spears used to defend themselves.
Friday is World Phone Day dedicated to animal welfare.
"Since we developed the... toolkit, we have been able to observe a change in their attitude within these communities, with much more confidence that they can keep elephants from their fields without damaging the elephant," Honeyguide Damian Bell said in a statement.
The first two steps include the illumination of the elephant with a torch and the blistering into a horn.
If he is not deterred, a so-called "chili cloud" is thrown.
Chili puder mixed with earth is packed together with a fireworks display into a condom, whose end is turned down to the ignition only.
When it is lit, the condom bursts with a bang and sprays fine dust on chili powder into the air.
A hint of right usually already to hunt the elephant.
One last possibility is an advertiser who shoots a gold rainforest in the air, causing a loud, bright explosion.
City Council unanimously decides: no kiosk new construction on St. Goarer Rhine shore
Normally, the St. Goarer investment projects are taken by traders with kiss hand - however, retail in the core city is considered to be significantly expanding.
However, the city council unanimously rejected the request for the rebuilding of a sale skosk on the Rhine shore, in the immediate vicinity of the Rhine convention.
"In principle, we welcome new traders, but at this location in exposed location on the Rhine shore, these kiosks are not fitting," explained Michael Hubrath for the CDU group.
Jewish director smashes Berlin hotel because Israeli pre-election was removed after "Arab" call - RT News
A French director with Jewish roots unleashed a media upset after he betrayed that the Kempinski Bristol hotel in Berlin did not list an Israeli pre-election, as Arab guests "had requested" according to an employee.
Claude Lanzmann, author of the Holocaust documentary "Shoah," left his anger at the Kempinski Bristol Hotel in Berlin, writing an open letter to German newspaper FAZ.
During his last stay, Lanzmann tried to find Israel on the hotel's pre-election list.
However, the country was not listed between countries that can be called directly from the hotel room.
How is it possible in 2016 in Berlin, the capital of the new Germany, that Israel was eliminated and erased?
Lanzmann wrote.
Instead, the Kempinsi Bristol offers a way to choose Israel through its own call centre.
According to a statement, the director turned to the hotel reception.
The answer he received there "shocked him," as Lanzmann wrote.
The hotel employee said the measure was a "deliberate decision of the management of the Kempinski hotels."
The reason behind it was causing even more anger in the director.
"The majority of our guests are Arabs and they have demanded that the pre-election be erased," the employee of Lanzmann was quoted as saying.
The Israeli ambassador to Germany Yakov Hadas-Handelsman called this a "great shame," reported the Süddeutsche Zeitung.
We were appalled and dismayed by this event.
It really is very shameful.
The fact that this has happened in Germany in exactly this hotel chain is even an even greater shame.
No explanation is required.
We expect the hotel to "draw the right conclusions," the official said.
The incident triggered a pretty big resonance on the internet, where people called the whole thing a scandal.
Some told the Kempinski Hotel that it had "given up" the alleged calls of Arab guests.
"Shovel you," it said in another post, pointing out that the hotel, located on the noble Kurfürstendamm, stands near a synagogue.
The hotel quickly denied all accusations and called the incident a "mistake" and "apologized" to Lanzmann, Der Spiegel reported.
"There has never been a direct instruction" not to include Israel in the fast-track list," the Süddeutsche Zeitung quoted a spokesman for the Kempinski hotel as saying.
It adds that the country pre-election has now been added.
Police set tear gas & rubber bullets against protesting Brazilian students
Students met with police on Thursday in the Brazilian city of Sao Paulo as they gathered to protest against government reforms for the public education system.
Police set up tear gas and rubber bullets against the protesters.
The difficulties began when police officers tried to evade the students, resulting in police deploying rubber bullets and tear gas.
Several hundred students attended the demonstrations to express their dismay at the plans.
According to the proposals of the governor of the state of Sao Paulo Geraldo Alckmin, fewer than 100 public schools are being closed, while 300,000 students are being implemented to save money.
Some of the protest participants were seen spraying graffitits against provisional president Michel Temer to walls.
The latest protests occurred several days after protesters took to the streets in crowds to support suspended President Dilma Rousseff, who had been removed from office by a Senate vote to leave.
Russia & Iran trade suddenly rises to 71% - RT Business
With the lifting of sanctions, according to the Russian ambassador to Iran, Levan Dzhagaryan, trade sales between Moscow and Tehran grew by 70.9 percent annually.
Since the international sanctions against Iran were lifted, interest on the part of Russian companies has grown heavily on business in the country, the ambassador said.
Russian companies are taking existing ties with Iran, while new firms are ready to gain access to the market.
Of course, further trade expansion is one of the biggest priorities of bilateral cooperation with Iran," Dzhagaryan said.
He noted that trade sales between Russia and Iran increased by 70.9 percent in the first five months of 2016, compared with the same period in 2015, and were $856 million.
In particular, Russian imports into Iran rose by 91.5 percent and were $697 million.
Russian imports from Iran rose 16 percent to $158 million.
The trade boost was reached by deliveries of machinery, land vehicles and weapons," the ambassador said.
Dzhagaryan is out of record numbers of Iranian tourists in Russia this year.
Last year, the Russian foreign ministry issued around 35,000 visas, primarily Reisevisas, to Iranian citizens.
Iran also reached the top 20 of the countries in terms of the number of tourists in Russia.
It could be said that record numbers of Iranian tourists in Russia from last year are being broken, "he said.
At the same time, only relatively few Russians visit Iran, something the ambassador hopes will change.
"I personally can recommend visiting the cities of Isfahan, Shiraz and Yazd, which have preserved monuments of ancient Persian civilization in a good condition," he said.
Witnesses searched: Beverage market in forest brittle
A robbery raid was carried out on Thursday evening on the beverage market of Rewe XXL at the Waldbröler Gerberstrasse.
Under the auspices of a shot gun, three darkly dressed people who had their faces purposely demanded the release of cash and then initially flew on foot and then presumably with a silver-coloured VW golf.
The police do not share the amount of money.
The perpetrators should have been between 1.60 and 1.70 metres tall, so relatively small.
The beverage market is accessible directly from the parking deck of the Rewe market and can be viewed badly.
After the attack, the perpetrators must be torn down in the direction of Gerberstraße, Friedrich-Engelbert-Weg and be wed by the gravel-coloured car located opposite the parking lot, possibly in the direction of B 256 (Silverstein Ring).
Anyone who has made observations in connection with the robbery (about 7.45 p.m.) will urgently report to the police.
Nagold: Play and fun at summer-free
Eight beautiful and happy days spent the children and teenagers of the social-educational group / social group work of the child protection federation Nagold with their carers at their summer-free in Nussdorf, near Mühlacker.
In the quietly located Hardtwäldle recreation home, the life-pleasing group was quartered during the first school holiday week.
Several full-day trips were on the programme.
On the one hand, it went after brettings with the visit of the Steigenzoos.
Secondly, Maulbronn, where there was a special child guide in the world-famous monastery.
The third trip led to Pforzheim.
At the Celtenmuseum in Hochdorf, the group learned a lot about the everyday life and food of the Celts.
On the hot days, the group sailed on Deep Lake in Maulbronn, which invited to jump, swim and plan.
Children and carers were cultivated with their self-prepared body dishes such as the Spätzle, Lake Pfännle, Iselshauser-Bloff, English breakfast and Tübinger Bolognese.
Workshops were made, beautiful jewellery made of pearls and stones, or made of wood a Roman mill game.
Other highlights of the leisure were fishing in a nearby pond, the evenings on fire and the final "Bunte evening."
On the day of home travel, the sun laughed and the children and young people were happy.
Haigerloch: Pilgrimage to the gate of mercy
The ministrants from the Eyachtal-Haigerloch St. Anna branch were travelling on a four-day pilgrimage from Villingen to Freiburg.
Four stages were managed together.
In order to bridge the time until the next tour of all ministrants in the expected two years, the Oberministrantenround St. Anna has decided to prepare and carry out a multi-day pilgrimage.
Various pilgrimage goals were examined and one finally decided for the Bishop City of Freiburg, where this year, during the Holy Year of Mercy, with the open gate of mercy at Freiburg Münster, there was a special pilgrimage goal.
16 minis from Bittelbronn, Gruol, Haigerloch and Holy Rooms made their way.
The evening before, parish priest Storost sent Pilgrims in a small celebration in St. Anna, blessed the pilgrimage crosses and told the pilgrimage blessing.
Horb was driven by train to the starting point Villingen, where a mouthful of Our loved one stands and so the Pilgrimage of Münster was taken.
The individual day tours were surrounded in the morning and evening by a short impulse with various prayers, songs and writing texts.
But on the other hand, the Minis at field crossings, chapels or churches repeatedly turned up to sing together a song from pilgrimage-related pilgrimage.
The local parish houses were available for overnight stays.
Alexandra Burkhardt and Heidi Faller served on the mill goals for a tasty as well as a strong dinner and breakfast.
The second day went to Gütwangen on the second day.
Day after day, the stage went to St. Peter, which was the most strenuous route, but had to first climb around 500 metres of heights at the end of the heat and then get back to it.
The deserved reward was a common grilling at the bathroom in the evening.
After the morning impulse on the fourth Pilgrimage Day in the imposing monastery church of St. Peter, it went to the closing stage to Freiburg.
Relieved and happy, Minis arrived at the Freiburg Münster later in the afternoon and steps through the gate of mercy.
With a small impulse, God thanked God.
In the evening fair in Münster, the Minis arrived at the pilgrimage destination were welcomed by collaborator Markus Obert.
After the service, pilgrims were able to visit the Sacristy and the High altar.
The next day was still time for the Breisgau metropolis.
In the afternoon, it went back to Horb by train.
In the end, all participants agreed that the days were marked by spirituality and a strong community experience.
Scotland's Callum Skinner crashes home as Britons rush gold for cycling
Scotland's Callum Skinner raced to fame last night in the men's team sprint in Rio, when the British team defended the London 2012 title.
The 23-year-old from Glasgow took on the anchor role his compatriot Sir Chris Hoy had made himself, making the legend proud when he stormed home to take a victory from the favourites New Zealand.
England claimed a shocking victory four years ago, while Hoy took the fifth of six Olympic gold medals.
They repeated the trick after taking only a modest sixth place in March at the London World Championships despite Hoy's resignation.
The problem between Beijing and London was the replacement of the driver Jamie Staff.
They did so in time as Hindes.
Hoy's retirement created a gap that Kian Emadi and Matt Crampton tried to close.
Skinner was the man they stayed at when they saw potential in the Scots, which has now unfolded.
Hindes, Kenny - who won with Hoy four years ago - and Skinner set an Olympic record in the qualifying rounds, but in the standard rounds the New Zealanders won in the first round.
And the British trio won the duel with gold.
Hindes narrowly resigned after his round, but Kenny brought the team forward and Skinner kept it.
A change of strategy made a big part of the transformation, where Hindes drove in a higher gear to slow him down and allow Kenny and, above all, Skinner to keep the pace.
Hoy looked out of his position as a BBC expert and dropped Skinner, Kenny and Hindes when they rose to the podium.
The 23-year-old Skinner from Glasgow said: "It's a flattering comparison."
I'm just here to do my best and make me a name.
We set up an Olympic record in the final, defeating the world champions.
It was just incredible.
There is no better way to win.
After the 2012 triumph at Kenny's and Hoy's side, Hindes admitted he deliberately fell onto the railroad after a weak start.
He later withdrew that statement and there was no objection from England's rivals.
In such a surprising victory, there was no such problem this time around.
Hindes said: "It feels like the whole GB flags in the gallery like London."
We have come together as a team over the last three months.
We have gone so badly on so many world titles that it was incredible to win again at the Olympics.
This is an event, a gold medal for the nation, winning seven out of 10 titles in both Beijing and London.
If that's a barometer of our progress over the last five months, that expect us successful five days in the velodrom.
With Kenny's form, it is in the realm of possible that he repeats Hoy's win of three Olympic gold medals in a competition.
That would mean for Kenny - who is exactly 12 years younger than Hoy, who was also born on March 23rd (a seemingly cursory date for British sport; that day was also born Steve Redgrave, Mo Farah and Roger Bannister) - a yield of six gold medals and a silver medal.
That would be the same as Hoy.
Kenny takes part next in the sprint, which begins today and will go over three days.
The 28-year-old from Bolton said: "I just enjoy this for the moment."
The team event is always best.
You can win it with his colleagues.
It feels a bit lonely to win alone.
Hindes said: "If he wins two more gold medals, he should be beaten to the knights."
It was the only medal competition of the day, but there was further good news for England.
Sir Braiz Wiggins, Ed Clancy, Steven Burke and Owain Doull qualified with the fastest performance in the fourth-four-kilometre race.
They came in at 3:51,942.
The world record, which won gold in London in 2012, was at 3:51,659.
The first and final round (22.42) will take place today on the second day of the competition, where Wiggins will certainly be in focus.
He had contested himself yesterday with representatives before the qualification, when he called on him to measure his body size.
In the respective women's competition, which will continue tomorrow, Laura Trott, Joanna Rowsell Shand, Elinor Barker and Katie Archibald of Milngavie, in world record time, will be in 4:13,260.
The GB team relies on its strong rail team to dominate the middle period of the Olympics and pick up a shar of medals.
After a truly extraordinary display of absolute dominance in Beijing and London, expectations for Rio were down.
Dramas played out in the background, the resignation of technical director Shane Sutton in April amid sexism and bullying allegations as well as the retirement of sizes such as Hoy and Victoria Pendleton.
However, if you look at the first evening of the competition in the velodrom, it looks like GB's now legendary reputation, which reached its peak at the perfect moment, will be repeated.
Future of Portland's melting plant questionable due to lifting energy contract
The future of Portland's aluminum melting in Victoria - as well as hundreds of jobs from workers - is at stake as the plant operator announces the energy supply contract and thus will lift all supply contracts as the energy company supplied.
The move followed the government's decision in Victoria earlier this year not to grant further subsidies to operate the facility.
A subsidy set for 20 years expires in November.
Up to 2000 jobs at Alco's facility in Portland are at stake.
No fewer than 2,000 jobs - direct and indirect - could be at risk when closing.
In addition, domino effects could come as the melting plant consumes around 10 percent of Victoria's total electricity generation.
In 2014 Alcoa closed Point Henry Smelzerei, which led to a closure of the Anglesea power plant last year.
Alco's melting plant in Portland is losing money and risks closure.
This move follows years of speculation regarding the future of the plant, originally as a result of the strong Australian dollar and most recently due to the price of electricity for the plant.
AGL, which supplies the large aluminum melting plant with its Loy Yang A power plant in Latrobe Valley, said it expects three more owners to cancel their contracts.
The plant is owned by a joint venture between Alcoa and Alumina, which the Chinese company CITIC and the Japanese Marubeni Corp hold smaller shares.
"AGL expects the plant to continue operating in Portland, which will mean further physical demand for electricity through melting," the company said.
AGL also said the contracts were so-called "backup operations," which should have come into force from November 2016.
The contracts have a 12-month notice period so they will end in 2017.
"That is why AGL expects the contracts to contribute to revenues in fiscal year 17," the electricity supplier said.
All potential impacts on the revenues on AGL from the GJ 18 are currently limited by forecasts of strong wholesale electricity prices.
AGL said it had already written off the value of the contracts in its annual instalment of $187 million in "anticipation of termination."
Alcoa said the decision to book the contracts does not affect the "Alcoa's ability... to operate the melting plant or to ensure the power supply to the melting plant."
The U.S. company said it had completed a 20-year contract with Loy Yang in 2010, which should have come into effect from November this year, even though there is still an explanation why it resigned from the contract.
Analysts warn of the industry's poor economic circumstances ahead of the possible closure of Portland melzerei in Victoria and the Tomago plant near Newcastle.
In reference to the analysts' statements earlier in the week, head of operations Stephen Mikkelsen said Portland consumed around 600 megawatts of electricity and Tomago around 900 megawatts of electricity annually.
If both plants disappear from the market, that would mean a significant reduction in demand on the [electricity market].
And for us as a generator, that would not be good," he said.
More than just a Kardashian reality TV star, Kendall is on the cover of the September issue of Vogue
Kendall Jenner, 20, model and fourth daughter of the manager and mother of Kardashian-Jenner Clans Kris is on the cover of the coveted September issue of U.S. Vogue.
Kendall, who is Estee Lauder's brand embassy and ran at Fashion Weeks in Milan, Paris and New York, announced the news on her Instagram account on Thursday.
"In a room full of people I love, the sight of this cover brought me to the wine," Kendall wrote.
The cover of the cover followed a bizarre (or simply Keeping Up with the Kardashians?), crippled reality video that shows the entire Kardashian-Jenner family (with the exception of problems Rob and Caitlyn, and in the presence of the all-popular Showbiz-onkels and producers of Keeping Up Ryan Seacrest), as they forget their sister's cover and that ends with a classic twist: they have all planned a surprise party.
This represents the cliché-filled plot of almost every birthday episode of a children's broadcast (Seacrest brought the phrase, "You rooftop, that we would have forgotten you?," with the honesty of a drawing rabbit on a broadcast pitch at 8 a.m.), but Kris had to somehow let her other girls participate in this publicity.
With regard to the September issue of Vogue, a new era of the Kardashians has certainly begun.
Kendall's big sister Kim may have beaten her in the Vogue cover (she and her husband Kanye West were on it in April 2014), but the cover of the September issue of the magazine is a league for itself.
The September issue is the most selling edition of the year for Vogue.
With a volume more likely to resemble a picture tape than a fashion magazine, the output attracts a large number of advertisers (according to Fashion Ista, from the 832 pages of the Roller's 615 pages advertising).
The unveiling of his cover stars is so eagerly anticipated that in the last two years, images of the magazine have been leaked before the official announcement.
Women already on the cover include Naomi Campbell, Linda Evangelista and Kate Moss.
In recent years, clearly more "celebrities, the modules," were "models that are celebrities" on the cover.
Oscar prize winner and Dior brand embassy Jennifer Lawrence was on the cover in 2013, a year after Lady Gaga had the honour.
But even at the low chance that Ms Jenner - described by the magazine as the "breakthrough model" of her generation - falls below the previous category, she is in good company.
These celebrities are not related to famous people or reality stars or young people of today who know how to turn a good snapchat video (even though it is all about Jenner).
They are really talented women who stand out in the entertainment industry.
Beyonce, who appeared on the last cover, had one of the most successful years of her career with the release of Lemonade.
Of course, Jenner's success doesn't like everyone.
With her reality TV story, Jenner's position in the fashion world was always somewhat tense.
In June, the former Victoria's Secret model criticized Stephanie Seymour Jenner and her colleague Gigi Hadid, calling them "the mist pieces of the moment."
These feelings cooked up again when the news came out with Jenner's appearance on the Vogue cover.
But to get around the missminess seems to be passing by.
Kendall Jenner is on the cover of the September issue of Vogue.
It is, literally, a supermodel.
She runs for Marc Jacobs.
It makes advertising for your grunting of Estee Lauder.
She and all her sisters sell you pictures of themselves on their respective paywall apps.
She sells pictures of Cindy Crawford's daughter to the magazine LOVE.
And in her spare time she is seen in reality TV, presumably only to see her sister Kourtney and her children.
Municipal law centres 160,000 people a year
More than 160,000 of the most needy of the country are dismissed annually by the community law centres, while the industry is on the impact of further cuts in funds on already overloaded transactions.
In Queensland, three out of five people - mostly elderly people, immigrants, vulnerable workers, victims of violence and those who have no means of unjust delogulation and similar - are already being dismissed in their requests for free legal advice and legal assistance.
Legal services of the community, which are already overly busy, are ready for further cuts.
From June next year, it is planned that these legal centres will lose another 30 percent of their federal funds.
Queesland Municipal Centre director James Farrell said the last survey by the National Association of Community Law Centres found that thousands of people are already being dismissed every year.
Farrell said the situation would only get worse without repealing the federal government's decision.
"Queensland community law centres are chronically underfunded, meaning thousands of people are dismissed from important services you need," he said.
People who leave violent relationships, people with unmanageable and exaggerating debts, families who go through separation, workers who have been unfairly dismissed - all these people have problems legal and this survey shows they can't get the help they need.
The federal government will cut funding by 30 percent from June 2017, meaning thousands of more vulnerable people from Queensland will be forced to cope with their legal problems without any help.
We call on the federal attorney general and federal justice minister, as well as Senators of Queensland George Brandis, to repeal these cuts immediately so that people can get the help they need in legal problems.
Last year the State Government fulfilled its commitment to raise funds for legal aid to the national average.
Now is the time to look at the needs of community law centres and their communities, and that the Palaszczuk government invest in this important work.
Donald Trump election campaign charged after staff allegedly pulled gun
New York: Donald Trump's campaign has been accused of alleged inaction after it was announced that her campaign director for North Carolina was targeting a shooting gun on an employee in February while traveling in a Jeep.
The incident is described in an indictment filed Wednesday in Charlotte State Court by Vincent Bordini, a former software programmer for the campaign in that state.
Bordini admitted having waited for months that the matter would be regulated internally before realising that "that would not happen."
The campaign manager, Earl Philip, "pulled a pistol, put his right finger on the deduction, and rammed the run into Vincent's knee throat," Bordini admitted in his indictment.
After complained to the local and regional campaign management, Bordini noted that at least four other people had already made the same experience with Phillip, he admitted in the indictment.
"Guns don't have to be fired to cause damage," Bordini admitted.
The indictment comes just two days after the Republican presidential front-runner triggered an uptick when he told a crowd in North Carolina that "second amendment people" - gun owners and gun friends - should take action if his rivaline Hillary Clinton is elected and appoint judges.
Trump's campaign made it clear that the media would have torn his words out of context and that he would not incur violence.
Bordini's complaint demands damages from the campaign for the breach of duty of care and Philip for the violation of the law and permanent psychological damage.
Trump's press spokeswoman Hope Hicks was unable to reach an opinion.
Attempts to contact Philip were just as wrong.
WCCB, a local intelligence officer in Charlotte, says Phillip is no longer a campaign employee.
There was no response to calls at his consulting firm, Innovative Consulting Services.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has so far run a controversial campaign.
The trial is Bordini v. Donald J. Trump For President Inc., 16-CS -14300, Supreme Court, County of Mecklenburg (Charlotte).
Berlin / Schwerin: Poll before country election: SPD and CDU lose
In the upcoming elections in the federal states of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern (September 4th) and Berlin (September 18th) significant losses are emerging for the governing parties SPD and CDU.
These were representative surveys of the opinion research institute INSA for the "Bild" newspaper (Friday).
While the red-black government coalition could rule narrowly in the north, this is not possible after the poll values in Berlin.
In both federal states, however, the SPD would be the strongest party and would have a good chance of continuing to face the head of the government.
In Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania, the SPD fell from 35.6 percent five years ago to 24 percent.
According to the survey, the party would only be close to the CDU, which could come back to 23 percent.
Third place is controversial between the left and the AfD.
The left would come to 19 percent (previously 18.4 percent), the AfD would represent 19 percent for the first time in the country day.
Despite slight losses, the Greens fell again into the Schwerins Landtag, with 6 percent (previously 8.7 percent).
NPD and FDP would not represent 3 percent in the country day.
According to the Berlin Chamber of Deputies, the Poll would only be 23 percent (election 2011: 28.3 percent).
The CDU only reached 18 percent after 23.4 percent.
They were still behind the Greens with 19 percent (2011: 17.6 percent) but before the left at 15 percent (previously 11.7 percent).
The AfD would be represented at the Chamber of Deputies for the first time at 14 percent.
At 5 percent, the FDP could hope for a return that pirates would miss the entry in contrast to 2011.
Nokia 9000 Communicator: The first smartphone
E-mail and Internet: 20 years ago Nokia Communicator entered the market.
The successors dominate the world today - its manufacturer experienced a disaster.
The device weighed almost half a kilogram and was more than four times as heavy as an iphone 5.
It was thicker and bigger, so it was not good.
On the contrary, it was pretty big.
The built-in memory initially was eight megabytes, which would now be for roughly two selfies with high resolution.
An iphone is now being delivered with at least 16 gigabytes.
The "Nokia 9000 communicator" came into the shops exactly 20 years ago, on August 15, 1996 - and it was the first smartphone.
For a few euros, lovers can still buy the devices on the internet, but they somehow come from the Stone Age of the Internet age.
Twenty years ago, however, the communicator was a sensation.
The Finnish mobile phone manufacturer had announced the product a few months earlier at the Cebit computer fair in Hanover as an "office in the western pocket format."
In fact, the new mobile phone could be a lot for then standards: SMS and emails could be sent and received, even via fax was reachable by communicator.
Even access to websites was possible via HTML browsers, albeit agonically slow.
A calculator was available, a digital address book and an electronic calendar.
There was a small antenna, and the mobile phone could be sounded like a laptop.
Then there was a small keyboard and a black-and-white screen.
The price was very proud: 2700 Deutschmark, i.e. around 1400 Euros.
The average selling price of a smartphone in Germany was 392 euros in 2015.
No one could see in August 1996 that the communicator would become the beginning of the smartphone era.
Since then, everything has been different.
The smart phones are a success story, though not for Nokia.
The Finns cell phone division experienced an unprecedented disaster, eventually sold to Microsoft.
The market today dominates operators, all of whom came much later than Nokia.
Anytime and everywhere online, this is today for a very many people.
In 2015, there were almost two billion smartphone users worldwide.
Some 1.4 billion devices were sold, and Samsung and Apple alone accounted for 555 million pieces.
Global sales with the devices are around 400 billion euros.
This includes the well-run business of countless app operators and telecommunications companies.
A whole industry has now emerged around the smartphone.
The decisive breakthrough to the mass market only came in early 2007, then Apple chief Steve Jobs announced the introduction of the iPhones at Mac World.
He promised three devices in one: a music player, a phone and an internet communicator to ease everything by touch screen.
Apple's victory began, even today the iphone is the group's most important product.
Nokia, Motorola and Blackberry, which dominated the market, had the aftertaste.
They eventually vanished, Blackberry has to fight.
Sawing now has Apple and Asian operators like Samsung.
The smartphone is a matter of course 20 years after its invention.
On average, every German now looks at his mobile phone 88 times a day.
"We must all learn to put the smartphone away," said Janina Kugel, the Siemens Board for Staff.
Permanent accessibility is now considered a curse and blessing.
England must steer the Olympic spirit and expand Heathrow
Heathrow will bring renewal and prosperity not only in our local communities and across London, but across the country.
For me, that represented the biggest Heathrows attraction, just as it was in London in 2012, when we ran a great effort to ensure all our nations and regions benefited from the Games.
The Olympics brought great benefits for Stratford and the East End.
And that will be achieved again by creating new opportunities for local residents and companies near Heathrow.
For our local communities, we will alone create 10,000 new apprenticeships, create 40,000 new jobs and put an end to youth unemployment in the airport environment.
Just as they were ahead of us at London 2012, there will be those who think the challenge of expanding HeathRows is too big.
I was told that England will never be ready for the games and that we will be blaming ourselves on the world stage.
The doubters were wrong in 2012 and they will also be wrong at Heathrow.
There are always obstacles to overcoming, but Heathrow answers every question put to him.
Like the Olympics, Heathrow is for many, not individual, infrastructure projects.
Enlargement is a way to create up to 180,000 new jobs, £211 billion of long-term growth and leave a legacy of skills and employment both to the airport and to the whole of GB.
We have a great team at Heathrow, which has implemented a £11bn expensive infrastructure investment program in time and budget, from the T5 - which was elected to the world's best airport terminal five years in a row - to the T2, which was built amid the world's two most frequented careers.
Now they are ready to provide a third catwalk, supported by £16 billion in private investment.
The London Games of 2012 were a great success for GB and I am confident that the expansion of Heathrow will also be one.
It is time for us to steer this Olympic spirit and expand Heathrow, securing our future trade and creating a legacy of skill and employment that England can be proud of.
Lord Paul Deighton is chairman of the Heathrow Board and former Commercial Secretary to the Treasury
Adblock Plus, Facebook in "cat-and-mouse game" regarding ad blocking
For companies that make money with online advertising, according to one of the software manufacturers, attempts to bypass ad blocking are equal to a "cat and mouse game."
On Thursday, just two days after Facebook announced it would block ad blocking on its desktop page, Adblock Plus released a blogpost saying users could update their filters in the program to again block advertising on the social network.
On Tuesday, Facebook informed that its desktop site would change the coding regarding its advertisements to make it more difficult to detect display blockages, which is part of the page advertising.
But Adblock announced that it has found a new way to bypass the new codes.
In a blogpost, Adblock spokesman Ben Williams wrote that "this kind of hin-and-her struggle between the ad-blocking open source community and the bypasses has been in progress since the invention of scoreboards," and that it is possible that Facebook will soon come with a new solution.
The fact that the world's largest social media company has entered the fight is a strong indication of how worrying ad blockers have become for the industry.
Worldwide, according to a study last year by Pagefair and Adobe, around 200 million people use display blockers; almost four times as much in 2013.
With 1.03 billion daily active users accessing Facebook via their mobile devices, mobile phone advertising accounts for 84 percent of advertising revenue.
The company has put it on display blockers on desktop pcs, as mobile ad blockers have no effect on Facebook's mobile app for the social network and Instagram, a spokesman said.
Advertising on Desktop pcs accounts for a sufficient amount of revenue, so Facebook seems to be rewarding the investment of such a step.
On Tuesday, Facebook informed that it would update its "ad preferences tool" to have more control over its advertising.
On Thursday, Facebook claimed that adblocking new filters would be worrying because they would also block content on the site that are not advertising.
"It is not a positive experience for users, so we plan to address the problem," a Facebook spokesman said in an email message.
Ad blockers are a blunt means, so we focus instead on developing tools like Ad Preferences to put more control into people's hands.
Ms. in suspected suicide on Swiss highway
The victim was lying in the middle of the night on the highway.
Police are calling witnesses after a woman was caught driving on a highway in the early hours of Thursday in a suspected suicide of several vehicles.
The incident occurred on the A1 near Morges in the canton of Vaud shortly after midnight.
A woman put himself in the dark "in an act of desperation" and was hit by several cars, police said in Vaud.
It is clear that a Swiss woman aged 49, who was driven by several vehicles, including a lorry, himself wanted to kill himself.
She still died on the ground.
Several drivers have already been heard, but some have still not been identified, said police, calling on them as well as any witnesses to the incident to sign up.
An investigation has been opened, which is a "logical" step in such a situation, Gilles Hofstetter told the Le Tribune de Geneve.
However, it remains to be seen whether one of the drivers will be shown.
Was a collision avoidable?
This is something the prosecutor must decide," Hofstetter said.
Two similar cases over the past five years show drivers are not being held accountable.
In each of the two cases - where a person ran in the dark on the highway - it was decided that motorists would not have to expect a pedestrian to run on the highway in the middle of the night, according to the newspaper.
Last year, a police officer was acquitted of negligent killing after driving and killing a man who was on the A1 near Payerne in August 2014.
The 22-year-old victim had drunk and has become unconscious on the street, the court noted.
The court found that the policeman — who responded to an emergency call — drove in a justified manner and that the presence of a man on the street was a "completely extraordinary and unpredictable situation," the judge said.
Anyone who has further information on Thursday's incident near Morges should contact the police at number 021 644 83 46 or 021 644 44 44.
NASA climate model: Venus once habitable
Venus was likely once habitable, according to the projections of a new NASA climate model.
Scientists at NASA's Goddard Institute for Space Studies developed a model to discover the venue's past using tools and algorithms similar to those of climate researchers.
The model was designed to determine whether Venus, with its hot, waterless surface and carbon-dense atmosphere, could once have shown similar conditions.
Scientists have previously hinted that the venue's slow turnaround could be explained by its dense atmosphere.
But the latest simulation suggests the Venus may have had a thin, earth-like atmosphere and still slowly turned on.
The model also lit up the topography of early Venus.
The planet presumably dismissed more dry areas than de Earth, but once had enough water and geographic variability to house lives and protected from rapid evaporation.
The early Venus also benefited from a sun that was 30 percent probable.
"In the GISS model simulation, the slow turnaround of Venus exposed its day-to-day side of the sun for almost two months," GISS scientist Anthony Del Genio said in a news release.
This warms up the surface and produces rain that creates a thick layer of clouds, which acts like a umbrella to shield the surface from much of the sun's heat.
The result is average temperatures, which are some degrees cooler than those of Earth today.
The model brought out a history of Venus similar to evolution, previously suspected by planetary researchers.
Although it was once habitable, Venus — over several billion years — was exposed to too much heat and ultraviolet light.
Their oceans evaporated and their water vapour was burned away from the ultraviolet light.
As their hydrogen escaped, only a thick atmosphere of carbon dioxide with a fatal greenhouse effect was left behind — venus like we know it today.
Researchers shared the results of their new Venus climate model in the Geophysical Research Letters.
Patrick Roy resigns as coach of the Avalanche
Patrick Roy resigned Thursday as coach and vice president of hockey operations of the Colorado Avalanche, and led to too little co-determination in the team's decision-making process.
Alternative president / general manager of Colorados Joe Sakic confirmed that decision and noted that the club will immediately seek a new coach.
"Over the last three years, I have fulfilled my duties as head coach and vice president of hockey operations of the Colorado Avalanche with energy, passion and determination," the 50-year-old Roy said in an opinion statement.
Over the summer, I've long and much thought about how I could improve this team to give it more depth, it needs it and bring it to a higher level.
To achieve this, the vision of the trainee and vice president of Hockey Operations must be perfectly matched to that of the organization.
He must also have a right of co-determination in decisions affecting the performance of the team.
These conditions are not currently fulfilled.
Sakic, who had hired Roy on May 23rd 2013, thanked him for his contributions to the team.
"Patrick has informed me of this decision today," Sakic said.
We all appreciate what he has done for our organisation and wish him the best for the future.
Roy was awarded as the league's best coach during his debut season at the Avalanches 2013-14 as the winner of the Jack Adams Awards.
He led the club to 112 points and first place in Central Vision, but Colorado was beaten in the first round of Minnesota playoffs and missed the post-season in each of the last two years.
The Avalanches recorded a 39-39-4 mark in the 2015-16 season and fell behind the Wild for a second wild card spot in the Western Conference by five points.
As Hall of Fame goalkeeper Roy won four Stanley Cups — two pieces with the Montreal Canadiens and the Avalanche.
North oil workers resume talks, suspend strike
Labor struggles over pay for north sea oil workers are suspended, while all the parties to the dispute are set to table a new round of talks, negotiators said.
Strikes against oil field service provider Wood Group were sporadically carried out on platforms in the North Sea operated by Royal Dutch Shell.
"Wood Group, as well as the Unite and RMT unions, can confirm that we have agreed to restart the resolution process of the current dispute," said a joint statement.
We will hold some full-day meetings in the next few weeks, which will begin early next year to address the problems.
The unions said their last strike, which is the first in over 25 years, was a protest against possible pay cuts of up to 30 percent.
Wood Group this year cut rates to its contractors in the North Sea by about 9 percent due to negative market pressure.
The company's rate cut follows a 10 percent decline for onshore contractors in 2014.
The company said additional cuts give the company the space needed to get through the market downturn.
Shell has dismissed for its part thousands of people and plans to abandon its oil and gas operations in up to 10 countries as it streamlines its operations as a result of its mega merger with UK energy company BG Group.
Energy companies are under pressure due to lower crude oil prices, an economic situation exacerbated by Britain's decision in June to leave the European Union.
Scottish parliamentarian Dave Anderson met with Labour leaders earlier this week to discuss one of the biggest job disputes that have taken place in the North Sea for a generation.
The North Sea is important for the regional economy, he said.
"In the North Sea and across the country, we need an economy that works for many and not just for few," he said in a statement.
In 2016, less than $1.4 billion is expected to be spent on new projects in the North Sea compared to an average of around $7 billion over the past five years.
Kepler measures rotational rate of stars in star clusters of plejades
The latest mission with the Kepler space telescope has helped astronomers gather the most complete catalogue of rotational rates among the stars of the plejades' star.
The new data helps astronomers understand why stars rotate in star clusters to different rates as well as in what context the rotation periods with the planetary formation are.
"We hope that by comparing our results with other star clusters, we will learn more about the relationship between the mass of a star, its age and even the history of its solar system," Luisa Rebull, a researcher at Caltech's Infrared Processing and Analysis Center in Pasadena, said in a news release.
The plejades' star cluster is 445 light years away from Earth.
Many stars in this star cluster, which emerged around 125 million years ago, now reach adulthood.
They now turn their fastest.
At peak rotation rates, these ripe stars are experiencing large amounts of star winds.
As these winds travel through the magnetic fields of the stars, they have a crushing effect on the stars.
When a star ages, its rotation rate begins to slow down.
Kepler measures the rotational rate of each star by recognizing the time between the appearance of a recognizable star spot — such as sunspots.
The latest catalogue of rotational rates indicates that more massive stars turn more slowly than less massive stars.
Rebull compares the stars with dancers, with larger stars turning slow pirouettes than smaller ones.
"In the Ballet of Plejades, we see that slow rotors tend to be more massive, whereas faster rotors tend to be very bright stars," Rebull said.
As the plejades' star cluster is so close, it serves as an ideal cosmic lab to compare stellar qualities like rotational rates.
"The star cluster of plejades offers an anchor for theoretical models of stellar rotation in both directions, younger and older," Rebull said.
There is still much ahead of us about what we want to learn more about, how, when and why stars slow down their rotational rates and, so to speak, hang their "dance shoes."
Rebull and her colleagues have detailed in three newspaper reports about their latest analysis of the plejades' rotational rates, which will soon appear in the Astronomical Journal.
A controversial baseball star emerges
The tears delivered to Alex Rodriguez faster than the US baseball star in best days from base to base.
After his emotional resignation announcement, the 41-year-old professional will be wearing the trikot of his New York Yankees on August 12 against the Tampa Bay Rays.
"I love this game and this team."
"I say goodbye to both," explained the 14-time All-Star Game participant of Major League Baseball (MLB).
Three times Rodriguez was elected to the league's most valuable player, in 2009 he won the World Series with the Yankees.
His signature under a ten-year contract has earned him $27 million annually since 2007.
Until the end of the contract on December 31, 2017, he will serve as a consultant and youth coach - at full salary.
As a player, Rodriguez paid back for a long time with performance.
With 696 homeruns, 3114 hits and 2021 points for his teams ("Runs") for the Seattle Mariners (1994 to 2000), the Texas Rangers (2001 to 2004) and since 2005 the Yankees created some milestones.
With Hall-of-Fame members Hank Aaron and Willie Mays, only two other baseball players point to similar values in the most important statistics.
But in the baseball's glory hall, the 41-year-old is still unlikely to be included.
Because so successfully Rodriguez - nickname "A-Rod" - was on the field, so controversial is his appearance outside the place.
As early as 2009, the superstar admitted to "ESPN" to have taken steroids between 2001 and 2003.
In August 2013, he was locked up for 211 lots due to an effort in the so-called biogenesis scandal until the end of 2014.
Rodriguez is considered the main suspect to have received for years an anti-aging clinic in South Florida.
After a dispute, the lock was still reduced to 162 encounters.
"The league could even have done a favour to me for 2014, because I played 20 years without a break," Rodriguez said Southern at the time.
Even his disparate days do not go noises.
While many baseball legends still get the big stage in their last games, Rodriguez had to sit on the bench frequently.
"My job doesn't include a disparate tour."
"My job involves trying to win every game," Yankees coach Joe Girardi said.
After all, Rodriguez, who was married to actress Cameron Diaz and told the circumstances with pop star Madonna and actress Kate Hudson, got sympathy from fans from the Yankee archrival Boston Red Sox.
"We want A-Rod," the supporters sang at the 4:9 defeat against the Rodriguez team.
Olympia 2016: Chen Xinyi, Silwia Danekowa and Adrian Zielinski are first doping cases
Wide: Due to a positive doping sample, weight theater Adrian Zielinski from Poland is not allowed to start in Rio.
Rio de Janeiro - The 2016 Olympics are overshadowed by the first official doping cases.
A wired athletic would almost have won a medal.
Before the seventh day of the race, the first official doping cases have become known in Rio de Janeiro.
The Chinese swimmer Chen Xinyi, 3,000-meter-barrier Silwia Danekowa from Bulgaria and the Polish weightlifter Adrian Zielinski were tested positive and excluded in Brazil - just before the start of the already critically-charged athletic contests, these messages come at untime.
As far as Chen was concerned, the diuretic hydrochloriaiazid was already proven last Sunday, which is used as a masked agent for doping substances.
The International Sports Court, CAS, confirmed its exclusion from the Olympics on Friday afternoon.
On Sunday, the 18-year-old had fined fourth place in the finale over 100m butterfly, only by 0.09 seconds she missed the bronze medal.
On Friday, Chen should have attended the precursors over 50m free style.
Chen has asked the International Olympic Committee (IOC) to open the B sample and a hearing.
The national association takes the matter "very seriously and requires Chen to cooperate fully in the investigations," Xinhua quoted from a notice as saying, "We will cooperate with the International Sports Court CAS and will accept the ruling."
For the first time in history, no longer the IOC, but the CAS, is responsible for sanctioning athletes with positive cases.
Also on the night of Rio, the news of the positive sample at Danekowa sickened through, the 33-year-old went into the offensive herself.
"I had three tests, all negative, and my fourth test was positive" this was "an incredible shock," she told Bulgarian TV broadcaster BNT.
She is innocent, "the only explanation could be food supplements," the lightweight athletin explained.
According to the report, the banned substance is supposed to be the EPO blood doping agent.
Danekowa has been provisionally suspended, according to BNT, the B sample should also be positive.
Bulgaria's Prime Minister Bojko Borissow promptly declared himself with criticism at the athletic.
"I don't understand why the athletes don't draw the right conclusions," he said, "We Bulgarians are under observation, so many have already been excluded."
For example, all weight theories from the chronically doping nation may not take part in Rio.
On Friday, the case of "Adrian Zielinski" was also known, the London Olympic champion in class up to 85 kg was tested positive for the anabex steroid nandrolon three days earlier.
Both dispute the intake, but neither can start in the class up to 94 kg.
Before the launch of light athletes, the Danekowa case is another serious blow to the reputation of the entire sport.
The IAAF World Association banned the entire Russian team from systematic doping until an exception due to systematic doping, even the runner nation of Kenya produces numerous bad news.
In the swimming sport, the previous offences in China had also caused fierce disputes between the athletes.
So Frenchman Camille Lacourt attacked Chinese Olympic champion Sun Yang.
"Sun Yang pinched purple."
"When I see the podium over 200m free style, I want to pass," Lacourt said on French radio.
Sun was also at the centre of a dispute with Australian Mack Horton.
"I have no time and no respect for doping fraudsters," said this.
Sun had tested positive for the stimulant trimetazidin in 2014 at the Chinese championships, but only had to sit off a three-month lock.
Data cloud: So perfide blackmail hackers their solace
Programmers of blackmail malware currently target companies - and are successful.
According to a recent survey by malware defences specialists Malabytes among 540 companies in North America, Britain and Germany, 40 percent of companies surveyed in the past 12 months were at least once, sometimes multiple victims of an attack with blackmail software.
In Germany, almost 20 percent of companies were already once target of ransomware blackmail.
Forty per cent of victims willingly paid the lifeline demanded by the perpetrators to reuse the systems and data they had collected.
According to the observations of Malware bytes, the perpetrators specialize in attacks in corporate networks, according to the observations of Malware bytes.
If they are successful there, the potential to blackmail is significantly higher than for private users.
"We are currently seeing a terrifying rapid evolution of malware," MalaBytes chief Marcin Kleczynski said in conversation with the "world."
In 2008, most malware programs were still designed to send advertising.
Then the perpetrators discovered extortion software for themselves.
Only private users were the target, but the shift towards corporate attacks has been terrifying quickly in recent months.
Ransomware works according to a simple pattern: once active on a victim's computer, she specifically search for recently modified files such as Word, Excel or database files as well as archives of images and videos.
These files encrypt the Ransomware and permanently erase the originals.
The software then presents the demands of the blackmailers.
To get the final key code to the files, victims must transfer money - mostly in the form of cryptocurrency bitcoin.
But where the personal photo database is at stake for private users, companies are about sensitive customer data or project databases, without which the production remains silent.
Accordingly, the damage falls when a ransomware strikes.
22 percent of the German companies affected reported loss of sales by Ransomware, 13 percent even had to break down business completely, in one case people were in danger of life.
In Germany, hospitals have already been victims of attacks whose patients can be acutely threatened by the loss of health care.
"We always say to the victims: don't pay, it only promotes the problem," Kleczynski explained.
But 80 to 90 percent of companies that pay get their data again.
It is difficult for managers to reject the perpetrators' demands in the face of stalemate in operation.
The hackers, in turn, know that and try everything to build a good reputation.
In a recent study, F-Secure security researchers examined user interfaces and contact with blackmailers and come to the conclusion: perpetrators actually try to build a kind of customer service to take more money.
They explain their victims via chat as they can pay via Bitcoin, target freely accessible support websites or decrypt sample files.
And if private people are redeemed after payments of a few hundred euros, companies will have to negotiate hard and pay five-digit sums to get their data back unencrypted.
Given the potentially high and relatively risky profits from ransomware blackmail, the hackers become increasingly professional and share the work, explains security expert Chester Wisniewski of antivirus provider Sophos: "A single person can write a ransomware circa within a week."
It is more likely, however, that they are three or four people.
The programmers then sell their software to the actual blackmailers in the form of a software building.
The previous malware kits emerged by buying the malware itself, advice and additional tools for a one-time, fixed price between $1,000 and $10,000.
"Included in the scope of delivery is an adjustment tool so that smaller configurations, appearance and branding can be changed," says Wisniewski.
The blackmailers then look for other hackers to spread the freshly bought software among the victims.
We live in a service economy.
So you log into one of the forums in the underground, buy the set from a criminal and instruct another to install the software on as many pcs as possible.
Payment is made per infected computer.
"Usually the criminals then instruct spammers with the spread," Wisniewski explained.
The risk of Ransomware is now known to many companies that better secure their data.
More than 50 percent of corporate IT executives in the Malware poll trust to be able to repay Ransomware using file back-ups and scanner software.
Accordingly, the perpetrators are already pursuing new strategies.
"If encryption of data alone is not a sufficient threat to successful essay, the perpetrators are instead threatening to publish sensitive data such as customer lists or price calculations," explained MalaBytes chief Marcin Kleczynski.
This means that, depending on the type of data, the damage potential is much higher than before.
In the future, the perpetrators could also take completely new goals on the Internet of Things.
At the Defcon hacker conference, security researchers demonstrated how they could get a thermostat connected to the internet under their control.
In the middle of winter, the free movement of such a blocked heating could well be worth a solvent.
If the perpetrators then block an entire manufacturing road in a factory instead of heating in the future, Ransomware could also become an issue in industry 4.0.
One for all cases
HONDA HR-V is flexible and everyday
In the small HR-V, Honda wants to pack everything: a little SUV, a little coupé and also the versatility of a minivans.
It sounds pretty overloaded, but the HR-V, built on the same new platform as the new Jazz, is actually proving extremely flexible in everyday life.
Although the HR-V is only 1.60 m high, passengers have plenty of space both in the first row and in the rear, it does not work closely at any point.
The materials of the interior are well processed and pleasant, but only the cockpit side falls down there.
The HR-V is more versatile than comparable vehicles.
Not only is there a boot of 453 l at high and 1026l in folded backrest, but there are the "Magic Seats".
This is less magical than it sounds: the back benches of the back bench can be flapping like a cinema chair, and thus offer storage space that is 1.24m high from floor to ceiling.
The boot can be loaded well, but the loading height at 650 mm is slightly higher than the comparable Peugeot 2008.
The tested 1.6-l diesel with 88 kW / 120 hp speeds up the HR-V thanks to the torque of up to 300 Nm in wide speed ranges.
He should, however, carry out his work quietly.
The daily consumption of 4.7 l / 100 km is pleasing.
There's another motorisation: a 1.5-l gasoline with 96 kW / 130 hp.
All-wheel drive is not offered.
Driving is balanced, a good compromise between dynamics and comfort.
But the steering should be a bit more direct.
The equipment leaves no wishes open in the tested top variant "executive".
Security systems include the City emergency brake wizard (working up to Tempo 32), the collision warning system and the track keeping assistant.
The collision Warner sometimes irritates because he assesses many obstacles as "approaching objects" when ranking.
The remote light assistant works very reliably.
And the intelligent speed controller reacts to traffic signs and drops the speed when required.
However, full connectivity exists only for top equipment: 7-inch touchscreen, Navi, app integration and more.
Two USB and HDMI connectors are under the armrest and are therefore a bit cumbersome.
The approximately 29,000 euros for the well-equipped top diesel are fine.
Those who don't want to invest so much will receive the gasoline from 20000 euros, the diesel from 23,000 euros.
The engines meet the Euro 6 exhaust standard.
Honda offers a versatile and everyday car with the HR-V.
Airline not liable: crash on passenger bridge
An airline is not liable for the crash of a passenger on the passenger bridge.
For liability is only conceivable in the case of dangers typical of aviation, argued the Oberlandesgericht Düsseldorf (18 U 124/14).
The plaintiff had broken a knee disc during the crash.
However, the accident could have happened everywhere - it was a general risk of life, the court said.
The airline had no compensation to the man.
Cancer case: When the organiser pays
After their journey, sufferers will only receive money after their journey, if the cause of the disease is unquestionably found in the hotel.
But that is only the case when more than ten percent of guests show the same symptoms.
In the negotiated case, a family was seriously ill on diarrhea and vomiting on the second day of their Turkish holiday.
She spent almost the entire holiday in the room.
Their disorder led the holidaymakers back to a defective waste water treatment plant that allegedly polluted the seawater.
The family thought the trip was flawed - and clashed against the organiser.
In court, the plaintiffs had no success.
The waste water treatment plant was indeed defective.
But the organizer only learned about it shortly before the plaintiffs left.
He had to assume until then that the seawater was in order.
So he did not breach his information obligations, the ruling said.
No impurities were found in the samples of the water.
The disorder of several hotel guests - possibly by contagion among themselves - is part of the overall risk of life.
Of 691 guests, only 38 were ill.
De Maizière said that after the violence committed by refugees in Würzburg and Ansbach in July, many people would be worried about further attacks.
The state must respond calmly and decisively to terror threats.
What is certain is that our country will not answer the violence of perpetrators with hatred and division.
We will not give the terrorists this triumph.
However, if criminals have to leave the country more quickly, this increases security and also the popular consent for refugee policy.
De Maizière wants to achieve the implementation of the proposals until the 2017 federal election.
He also announced further human reinforcement of security forces, "on a medium-sized scale over several years."
Sympathy advertising terrorism must be punished again.
Video surveillance is to be improved in such a way that the right of arms is revised so that the purchase of weapons on the Internet is more difficult.
According to de Maizières, the most recently discussed obligation for doctors is to be preserved.
However, in dialogue with physicians, he wants to look for solutions to reduce the vulnerability of citizens, he said, looking at mental striking.
To counter the radicalisation of refugees, the minister considers better social care to be necessary.
Teachers must be better prepared for dealing with traumatised people.
To prosecute criminals in specific areas of the Internet (Darknet), de Maizière plans to use disguised investigators.
SPD chief Gabriel said: "The SPD is ready to talk about everything that helps further increase security."
It is important that the Minister of the Interior clearly opposed action.
"That was a slap in the face for sharpeners in CDU / CSU," Gabriel told the Funke Media Group newspaper (Friday).
De Maizière had previously rejected calls from the union following a burqa ban and the abolition of dual nationality.
A general ban on full concealment considers it constitutionally problematic.
You cannot ban everything you reject and I reject the wearing of the burqa.
We can talk about rules for example in road traffic or for witnesses.
Greens leader Simone Peter warned the minister that he wanted to simulate power and ability to act with ever-new anti-terror packages.
Left party leader Bernd Riexinger said: "Fleet spells and a tightening of the right of residence don't bring more security to the people of this country."
Better traffic flow on the motorway
It regularly stands on the bypass - here a picture of November.
But that is to change: legal remedies should be extended.
This is good news for all car drivers who stand in congestion on the local road every evening when they drive over the highway (A 43).
On Tuesday and Wednesday (16/17 August), the land operation of road construction will extend the legal remedies of 700 metres in the area between Hammer Strasse and Weseler Strasse.
Motorists can then right from Hammer Strasse right.
The great advantage: the traffic will be shared early, thus improving the total on the much-vaunted section of Bundesstrasse 51.
The idea with the extended exit was the CDU group in the district of Münster-West.
The road congestion on the train operator nervets motorists between 17 and 7 p.m.
On weekdays, the backlog reaches back to the bridge over the Albersloher route and sometimes beyond.
The reason is the Nadelöhr on the B 51 just before the exit Weseler Strasse.
From here, traffic is only steeped in traffic over the motorway bridge.
The second track had to be rebuilt well over three quarters of a century ago.
The reason: Static calculations have shown that the bridge no longer has the necessary power to take two-lanes in particular.
For how long this bottleneck and the associated daily congestion will persist, the relevant national farm cannot say.
However, years can be expected: because the bridge has an official residual period of validity until 2034.
For the extension of legal remedies, the farm has deliberately chosen the less-trafficked time in the school holidays, because of disability.
Traffic will be carried past the construction site on Tuesday and Wednesday.
Intercultural travel: Cultural offers for schools
The international class of the Waldschule attended the theaterpiece "The invisible house."
The Nima's association and the Young Theatre are now planning a music project.
The Nima's association allows young people with migration and refugee background to visit cultural institutions in Münster.
The "Class International" of the Waldschule Kinderhaus has attended an exhibition of the award-winning piece "The invisible house" of the boy theatre Münster.
In the context of the "Intercultural journey" initiated by the Association Nima's, 19 students aged between 11 and 15 visited the staging in the Small House.
Since the beginning of the year, the association, which has committed to the cultural integration of young people with migration and refugee backgrounds, offers schools with welcome classes the opportunity to visit cultural institutions in Münster under this project.
Most of the class of the class came to Münster between September 2015 and March 2016, among other things from Afghanistan, Iran, Serbia and Syria, and spearheaded little German.
Thanks to the choreographs, the scenic images and video animations, they have been able to follow the course of action, according to the press release of the theatre of Münster.
The association Nima's, founded by Dr. Tannaz Westerberg of Sprawl, and the Young Theatre will work in the upcoming playtime as part of a music theatre project.
Between October and December, young people with and without the escape and migration background between the ages of 14 and 20 will be able to attend professionally directed courses in singing, dance, play and music.
Offers for children and families in the field of theatre play and theatrical language mediation are in the planning.
The project "Intercultural Travel" continues.
Given the increased numbers of refugees, the association expects many classes to take part.
Rain instead of star: hope for weather improvement
The weather has made the star nude guckers in south west Germany a stroke through the bill on Friday - yet there is hope.
The night was bad for clouds and rain to observe the sky spectacle, said the chairman of the Welzheim star, Hans-Ulrich Keller, on Friday morning.
Our hope is on the night of Saturday.
The weather is supposed to be good, then we certainly see many star nuts in the sky.
The star scales are Perseiden, which, at 216,000 kilometres per hour, is one of the fastest stars.
They have their name because they seem to come from the Perseus star, which goes up in the northeast.
Errest Night: tips against sleep deprivation
In the evening, you get around eternally, you lie awake for hours, in the morning you will not think of sleep well before the alarm clock.
It's anything but relaxing.
After all, one is in good company with such problems: according to the Robert Koch Institute, about a quarter of adults have sleep disorders and more than ten per cent feel their sleep is often or permanently unrecoverable.
How do sleep problems or sleep problems arise?
There are several forms of sleep disorders, and they can be based on various causes, emphasised Hans-Günter Wekam, board member of the German Society for sleep research and sleep medicine.
What one understands, however, is the Insomnie, i.e. a disorder and sleep disorder.
In particular, many people feel unsatisfactory or inadequate, says Jens Wagenknecht, board member at the German House of Homeopathy with practice in the Lower Saxony Varel.
What is behind sleep deprivation?
The causes of sleep disorders are complex.
Organic, psychological or behavioral factors can be found, but also medications.
Not rarely is sleep disorder expressions of another disorder.
"Very early waking up is often common in a depression," Wekam says.
And it may be that different factors are interdependent.
For example, anyone who has a tape disc can be bad, wake up every two to three hours and perhaps start to greet about everyday problems and concerns, weaving one example.
This leads to claims, and sleep is no longer possible.
When should sleep deprivation become a doctor?
Whoever does not sleep well for a period of one month in at least three nights a week and is impaired on a day should go to the doctor, wecht.
The impairment can look very different: you have been cut off, tired, unlucky, has difficulty with attention and concentration, is easily zipped, has mood swings or physical complaints such as stomach or headache.
To alleviate sleep disorder, it is important to find out the causes.
As treatment options come, among other things, behavioral changes, cognitive behavioral therapy or even medication - classical sleeping tablets only in exceptional cases and at most for two weeks.
Lower-skilled sleepers are barely available in Germany, emphasised Prof Ingo Fietze, head of the interdisciplinary sleep medical center of Charité University's medical medicine Berlin.
Therefore, when sleeping problems, you should first contact the doctor, wether.
It can clarify whether the problems have a physical cause.
Who should go to sleep lab, and what happens?
For example, for the study in the sleep laboratory, doctors advise for example snorkelling with respiratory exchangers, for sick day fatigue, for sleeping mammals or if you don't find the cause of a sleep disorder, Fietze explained.
It is not necessary to prepare for the investigation.
You should spend the day normally.
"Just please don't make lunch," Fietze says.
After the cordon, you go to bed at his normal time.
In addition to the electrodes on the body, one wears a nose glasses, a chest belt and a finger at the finger.
In addition, a camera on the ceiling features sleeping sleeping.
How can those affected get to grips with the problems?
There are quite a lot of pitches where you can start to sleep better.
Weather counts: Regular sleeping and starting, not lying in bed for too long, not sleeping on the day, not watching TV, watching alcohol and not looking at the clock at night - then you start immediately reckoning, and that's completely not conducive.
What the jungle camp with missing medals in swimming
Former German swimmer Markus Deibler has commented on the disappointing cut of the DSV team at Olympis via Facebook.
In December 2014, he first picked gold at the short-haul world championships in Doha, putting his first world record at the same time.
Now, former DSV athlete Markus Deibler has put himself in front of Facebook in front of his ex-team-mates.
"In a country where an Olympic winner gets 20,000 €premium and a jungle king €150,000, no one should be surprised at missing medals," the 26-year-old wrote on his Facebook page on Friday.
The support system in swimming is bad, but the doping controls are very good.
In this way, we cannot compete with countries that promote very much and do not look so closely at doping or even run it.
"I am not saying that the controls should be stopped here," he continued.
If he had a comeback, Deibler would have to be notified nine months before his first start of the National Anti-Doping Agency (NADA).
That is exactly how we should keep it with countries.
"Anyone who cannot be controlled for a period of time before WM / OS by independent controllers of WADA / FINA cannot take part," asks the election hamburger, who now runs an ice cream division.
Airport: Gang of baggage thieves arrested
Professional thieves at Düsseldorf airport
The police officers of the Düsseldorf police managed to arrest two women and two men aged 50 to 61 on Thursday.
The suspects had committed several bags and luggage thefts as a gang.
At about 9.30pm, civil officials in the area of Düsseldorf airport recovered a gang known to police from past theft offences.
The two women and two men had committed several offences since mid-July this year, and were in common, working and particularly professional.
The specialists of the Criminal Commissioner, 34, can prove four acts to the thieves who had entered Germany specifically for committing crimes.
In total, they had more than 15,000 euros.
Old buildings, a few lindenages, interbetween still a remnant pavement: The Rigaer Strasse in Berlin-Friedrichshain does not look like that at first glance, but police count it among the city's "dangerous places."
If you walk down the street from east to west, you will get past playgrounds, a freshened nursery and a biolade.
To the façade of a grey house, someone sprayed "ugly!"
Compared with a Lidl that will soon be demolished, it is already being built: a house with high windows and 133 new rentals will be created by 2017 here.
However, articles about this "trendy district," as the responsible property company Friedrichshain calls it, are being given preferential treatment in recent weeks.
The reason is the house with number 94: once it was occupied, now the residents have rental contracts, but the ground floor still occupies rooms and is used for events.
In particular, the Berlin interior senator, Henkel, had spoken out several times since the beginning of the year in favour of a tough police action against the project, describing the area as a "no-go zone" for policemen and the 94 as the starting point of autonomous violence.
After June 22, the rooms on the ground floor, the Cadterschmiede, with 300 police officers, were patrolled by police for three weeks, according to official statements, with 30 to 40 officers and three crew cars on the ground, blocked parts of the street and stopped visitors entering the home with number 94.
Meanwhile, construction workers renovated the rooms on behalf of the unknown homeowners.
On July 13, a Berlin administrative court ruled that the eviction had been illegal, and a day later police and construction workers moved under the jubilation of sympathizers and residents.
On this summer afternoon, the street acts peacefully: parents walk with children, people sit on the pavement in front of the houses in the sun, others entertain themselves in front of spawn.
A primary school and kindergartens are located close to the house projects.
Left-wing violence is not the main concern of many residents: Kerstin Neugebauer, who has lived in the Kiev since 1999, and Jana *, who dragged three children here, are mainly from the police presence.
With the residents of the house projects, they share concerns about rising rents and gentrification.
It does not sound like a Kiev, which majority of the police protection from vandalating left.
The trench that the Berlin interior senator and police make up between homeowners and their neighbours so apparently does not exist.
Friedrichshain in eastern Berlin was actually a traditional worker district, which even today has low average income and high poverty risk compared to the rest of the city.
House occupations and the home-made projects have also long been part of the Kiev: in 1990, numerous houses were occupied in the former GDR, including almost the entire Mainzer road near the Rigaer.
While the Mainz had been cleared in a real street raid, many of the projects were legalised in the Rigaer and are still inhabited today by the people they occupied 26 years ago.
At the same time, in recent years, the district has become a magnet for tourists and election Berliners from all over the world: now residents from DDR times and former housekeepers are sharing their Kiev.
This is also noticeable in rents, which have risen by almost 60 percent in new rents since 2009.
Many of the new buildings in the Rigaer are attacked as symbols for this development: they are detained on sliced discs or freshly coated facades, which were thrown with colour bags.
No other road was so often mentioned this year along with the words "left-wing violence."
One reason that not all neighbors see this as a problem could be that they are not necessarily affected by crime: crimes such as the violation of bodies are almost exclusively against policemen.
Most of the offences are made up of material damage, which tend to hit new buildings and newly renovated houses.
For Kerstin Neugebauer, who has lived in a rental house next to the controversial 94 for 17 years, there can be no talk of uncertainty.
As for acts of violence, it is appealing: the people in the 94 are their neighbours, who certainly have not been.
Even the famous burning cars will no longer exist directly in the Rigaer.
For the architect, their street is not a criminal focal point, on the contrary: "Here one helps one another, lives together on the street and gets more from each other than elsewhere".
Neugebauer deliberately moved to Rigaer Strasse - and stayed.
That is why it was also so important for the residents to get their streets back: from the police, the politics and the media, all of them suddenly claiming sovereignty over the district in July.
But in the eyes of residents like Neugebauer, the street continues to be taken away from them: through faceless new buildings in former construction gaps that squeeze the old residents.
"These are ultimately property apartments that are not interesting for many here - here are more people who are not so well beguiling," she says.
"I absolutely cannot approve of violence and destruction."
But what should you do if you never listen to someone?
There is frustration on all sides, including the police and the residents.
Kerstin Neugebauer has little understanding for Zugezon, who annoys himself over colour bombs, and the house projects and the left scene belonged to the Kiev.
Anyone who draws should be aware of it - just like someone pulling into a pub neighborhood can complain badly about noise there.
All persons presented only with names have asked not to be named with their right name
Urbach: Annika Deuschle is new refugee officer
Annika Deuschle is the contact person for integration and organizing.
She is also a social worker on the ground.
Since July, Annika Deuschle has been the refugee officer for Urbach.
The social pedagogist supports the management team of Achim Grockenberger.
It sees itself as a contact for all actors: refugees, refugee aid, administration, authorities and anyone else.
Regine customer from the working circle suggests that the volunteers are more than grateful that Deuschle is now there, the egg legend Wollmilfsau, which has a problem above all else.
Thus, some - rather than the number of tasks required - had intended to be targeted when the administration wanted to tender.
An administrative specialist with a talent for languages and people, coupled with years of experience in the field of social work, has just been joined by an egg legend Wollmilfsau.
But administrative work is not their central area, says Annika Deuschle.
Above all, it is about organizing, working with people on the ground, and also behind the scenes and networking activity.
The 31-year-old has been there for around six weeks.
It has limited a 50 percent job to three years.
"It was high time," Regine customer says, adding that Annika Deuschle supports honor and key players.
There are big and small problems, organisational, human and understanding problems.
Soon new containers will be in the Wasenstraße
A serious problem has been for some time to find housing for the connecting refugees who have been recognised.
Local authorities are responsible for the accommodation.
They must accommodate the refugees in their own or rented rooms.
The costs for the construction, rent or renovation of these accommodations must be borne by municipalities themselves.
The responsibility changes from the Land Council to the Commune and Jobcentre.
Problem: There are free objects, but not every landlord wants to offer his apartment.
The search has been shaping up as very difficult for some time.
In fact, the administration does not find private homes.
It does not work so far, it is reliant on private housing, said Deuschle.
Therefore, community housing must be humiliated, as is so beautiful.
So soon new containers will be set up in the Wasenstraße.
But only apartments are not done.
The perspective is the keyword, Regine customer and Annika Deuschle agree.
In addition to a firm stay, there are internships, training places, school places, one-euro jobs and help for refugees and migrants who need to be fired or set up.
"More places would be good," Regine customer reported.
Many work in the Bauhof or help house masters, do nonprofit work - and that's motivated and very decent, as Annika Deuschle reports.
It hopes that work for the community will lead to positive visibility.
This is "no employment therapy."
But activity does not mean work.
The day needs a firm structure, say Deuschle and customer.
People would have to develop a sense of belonging.
So it needs offers like sports, contacts with locals and above all language courses.
Professional courses are rar.
So here too, administration and volunteers jump.
It is central that the refugees feel that they are welcome and welcome in Germany.
The long duration of the procedures is a problem.
They must explain to the refugees that it is just taking place and that they can make good use of the time, for example with language courses.
Anyone who eventually develops the feeling that he could not help anyone in Urbach cannot work and is pointless, never integrate.
The clear majority is motivated.
But there are also problems, says customers honestly, "people where nothing goes", the work of Deuschle and customers is always to motivate others.
All this is already a "mammoth task."
A difficult question: Do the two fear radicalisation after recent incidents, even in a small community like Urbach?
"No," Regine customer says quite clearly, "which some might call naïve," a residual risk, but does not want to exclude it.
But the helpers are already aware.
These incidents are also subject to the refugees.
They would fear that the assassins will bring them into disrepute.
"They want to show that they have nothing to do with that," Regine customer says.
Many would like to stay in Urbach.
So, major and volunteer volunteers must look for activities on the ground and in the region.
They always have the background that a new bumper to refugees and migrants could soon come to Urbach.
Does Germany need a cap?
To answer this question clearly is the policy.
It is actually unfair to put them on the ground.
"In Urbach we have not yet arrived where we want," says Annika Deuschle.
No new refugees, that would relax the situation.
Regine customer also makes it clear that the Urbachers are already busy integrating the past people.
There are currently around 100 people, mostly young men.
But if people are in need, they need to help them, both women agree.
The political world situation is so complicated, there are no simple answers.
Schorndorf: Burglar searched by helicopter
The police helicopter flew various areas for about an hour - unsuccessful.
Two unknown men violently entered an apartment in a multi-family home in Lindenweg on Friday morning at about 8.50 a.m.
The resident surprised the two and suggested the unholy.
The two men were about 1.65 to 1.70 metres tall, well masked, wore both bluejeans and black kapuzenpullis.
They fled downtown.
Police set up several strip crews as well as a police helicopter for investigation.
The investigation went without success.
Eventually, the unknown fell near the apartment or in their escape.
Baden-Württemberg: Police identified after rocker attack on snack
After an attack on an Ulmer snack, police are investigating six suspects from Rockermilieu for serious land peace breaks.
In the case of housing searches, evidence and raucousness were ensured, police said on Friday.
Around 20 masked men of a rocker-like group had thrown bottles and stones against the storefront window of an snack, according to police in July.
They will then attack two guests and have slightly injured one.
After that they fled.
A damage of 10000 euros was created at the snack and adjacent building.
According to investigators, it is about a dispute in Ulmer Rocker milieu between a Kurdish and Turkish gang.
Thuringia: Zeiss Meditec closer to sales billion
High demand for medical technology in Asia has boosted sales of Carl Zeiss Meditec.
In the first nine months of the financial year started in October, group sales rose 6.7 percent to 798.6 million euros, as the listed company announced in Jena on Friday.
The Asia business grew proportionately by 17.1 percent.
The profit before interest and tax increased from 89.5 million euros to 110.5 million euros, according to the interim review.
The Jenaer medical technology group wants to exceed the sales mark of one billion euros in this financial year, the board reiterated.
Zeiss Meditec manufactures devices and equipment for medical practices and clinics.
The company, which belongs to the optics and electronics group Carl Zeiss (Oberkochen), employs almost 3000 people.
