28-year old cook in San Francisco Mall dead found
A 28-year old cook, who pulled recently to San Francisco, was dead found in the stairway of a local shopping center.
The brother of the victim stated that he cannot present anybody, which would want to harm him “finite went oneself it with him again uphill.”
On Wednesday tomorrow into the Westfield Mall found body were identified as the 28 years old Frank Galicia from San Francisco, communicated the court-medical department in San Francisco.
The San Francisco Police department said that death was classified as murder and the investigations at running is.
The brother of the victim, Louis Galicia, communicated transmitter KGO to the ABS in San Francisco that Frank, which worked in former times than cook in Boston had got hold of six months ago its dream job as a cook in the Sons & Daughters restaurant in San Francisco.
A spokesman of the Sons & Daughters said that they were destroyed at the ground over its death “shocked and”.
“We are a small team, which works like a close family and we become him painfully to miss,” shared the spokesman.
Our thoughts and our condolence are in this hard time with of Frank family and friends.
Louis Galicia indicated that Frank lived first in Hostels, but that, “the things for him went finally uphill.”
“He found a apartment, it had a friend,” communicated Louis Garcia KGO.
Louis Galicia said that he could not imagine anybody, which would want to harm its younger brother.
He was friendly humans with a large heart.
Its kind with its family to connect was it to always cook for us something to prepare for us the dinner” said Louis Galicia.
It wanted to never participate in any kind of argument.
He was the brother, who swam with the river.
“With everything that goes wrong in the world, it was this blunt diamond, which shone for each day brightly,” said it.
To call everyone, which has information to the case, asked the reference telephone of the SFPD under the number 415-575-4444.
Jennifer Aniston: I always am into drawers
Jennifer Aniston does not have to be always perfect or successful.
That made now unmistakably clear the Hollywood star in an interview.
“I am put always into drawers or get from the outside label glued on, those with me and the reality usually to do to have little.”
“I do not have the desire to be always perfect and successful.”
The “Ehrlichs said, are me these things rather schnuppe.”
Jennifer Aniston (47) can laugh only at the fact that she is considered as “Miss Perfect”, as she explains in the current “Cosmopolitan”.
Most of all the actress spends her time at home, before the television with loose Dutt and Mexican meal, is called it in the magazine.
To the incandescence bring it the question about the desire to have children: “We women must not be married or have children, to be over perfect”, so the Hollywood star.
In its new film “Mother's Day - love is not children's game” is Aniston as a single mother of two sons to be seen.
The film runs with us starting from 25 August.
Golfer of long ones receives the sport pyramid
Its experiences on the horse are visible.
In the end a gulf tournament in South Africa Bernhard Langer with some colleagues looked for a little alternation with a Ausritt at the beach.
For the 58-year old it was a premiere.
CHIO: “Golden sport pyramid” for Bernhard Langer
After some minutes the horses remembered its end of workday, it hunted in the fast gallopp home to the feeding troughs.
A kilometer with this speed, I had fear.
“It was not a good experience”, says to long one.
And thus the REIT career ended then already again.
On Saturday was of Germany of best golfers of all times - 101 tournament victories - again in close proximity to horses.
It let itself lead with its family across the plant of the ALRV, on a horse vogue it itself not times to photo purposes.
The first time was longer in Aachen and concomitantly with the CHIO.
The reason was quite convincing.
German sports aid presented in the context of a small gala the golden sport pyramid to the man from Anhausen.
Awards it does not lack the pleasant sportsman.
Order of Merit, silver laurel leaf, champion tour player OF the year…
Even the British Queen already ennobled it.
Is longer the 18. Winner of the sport pyramid.
In Aachen it met the first winner Hans Günter Winkler on Saturday.
“This honor means me very much”, says to long one, “it becomes not only for sporty successes, but also for social commitment assign”.
For decades long one promotes the new generation.
And in such a way it passed also the prize money on of 25,000 euros directly.
With 15 further outstanding sportsmen the double US-Masterssieger was taken up on Saturday to the “Hall of Fame of the German sport”.
To the honours the light athletes Hartwig Gauder and Harald Schmitt, to Turner Eberhard Gienger, belong the fencers Cornelia Hanisch, Alexander Pusch and Arnd Schmitt, the rower Peter-Michael Kolbe, Bob Driver Meinhard taker, the Judoka Frank Wieneke, the show jumper Alwin Schockemöhle and posthumously the handball player Erhard Wunderlich.
Many of these sport legends had come on Saturday to Aachen.
After the official part the illustrious society hiked in the Springstadion, where the Lavazza price ran.
Bernhard Langer held distance to the large animals.
Clintons and Trumps economic policy in the comparison: It's all about the money
In infrastructure and the trade agreement invests TTP prevents - both Clinton and Trump want that.
In disagreement itself the two US president shank applicants are however with the tax and energy policy as well as in a matter of principle.
The differences in the economic policy between Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton a fundamental, rather philosophical difference is the basis.
That, over the role of the state.
Trump wants to keep rather small in the doubt and warns before it, like the state of the economy to harm can - with taxes and adjustments.
Clinton wants to tax and to death adjust the economy to death, says it.
It against it would completely different be, maintains Trump.
It will go back adjustments substantial, and he makes himself strong for an extensive tax revision with lower tax rates - for private individuals and for enterprises.
Clinton against it says: The state has to fulfill certain tasks, it has disadvantaged opportunities to open and needs for it money.
Therefore the taxes for the realms were increased, say them.
Interestingly enough itself both very close with the topic infrastructure is.
Into those, nearly says Trump and Clinton must be invested.
The democratic applicant announces the largest investment into new jobs since the Second World War.
National investment programs into the infrastructure are classical democratic policy and for instance by the state-critical Teaparty wing of the republicans are strictly rejected.
To Trump thus still internal party discussions could come.
The differences are clearer in the energy and climate policy.
Trump wants to build coal-fired power stations and the coal promotion in the USA again for raising.
Oil production should be possible also in areas protected so far, which Paris climate protection agreements wants it to quit.
Clinton against it wants to develop the renewable energies with its investment program expressly and demands: “A country will become the superpower of the clean energies and millions jobs will create.”
“It becomes probably either China, Germany or America its - I want that we are it.”
But not only with the infrastructure - also with international trade agreements the two competitors are not too far from each other distant.
TPP, the transpazifische trade agreement, want not to sign both.
At the same time both want to isolate however the USA not from the international trade - to separate simply only American jobs better to protect.
Those are to be also better paid then, demand for instance Clinton.
The present minimum wage of 7,25 US Dollar is a pittance.
It wants to increase it to 15 dollar per hour.
Which wants to do Trump in this question, is not completely clear: Once he says: The minimum wage must up, then it, he says may not be changed.
But the large discussion of the coming months might develop probably rather around the tax policy of the both bearings.
On the one side stands Trump, which wants to relieve the economy and the citizens, in order to set growth in motion.
Its critics reproach to it, thus became the budgetary deficit only more largely.
On the other side stands Clinton, which wants to require at least of the realms that they pay more taxes, and their critic to say: More taxes are also not the solution.
Escape: “Each fled woman has experiences by sexual force”
Sexual force belongs for women, who flee alone, nearly already to the everyday life.
If they arrive at Germany, they are often traumatized.
A house offers refuge.
In a large kitchen four women sit.
Everyone has a baby, who is old at the most one year.
One put its small son into the arm.
It looks with large eyes curiously into the area.
Its mother stares at the desk top.
Until it notices that she is observed.
It smiles briefly and kisses the small one.
The scene works normally.
Until one speaks with Katrin Bahr.
She is a range range from Condrobs, a carrier for social offers of help in Bavaria, and concerns herself among other things with the topic women on the escape.
The four women in the kitchen are fleeing.
They live in Munich the north in one of the few decentralized accommodation for alone-fled women and their children in Bavaria.
In January Condrobs opened the facility as well as pro Familia and that Munich for women's aid organisation.
Recently it was officially opened.
There 60 people live - about 40 women and 20 children.
There are men none - also not as a visitor.
The exception is a guard before the door.
“It is not to be said exaggerated: Each woman, who arrives here, made, says experiences by sexual force on her escape” Bahr.
“Men flee because of wars, because they are politically pursued, because torture or death threatens them or because they send, tell their families as hopes to Europe” them.
With women other reasons for the escape outweigh: “Many steal themselves secretly of it because they do not see other way out”.
In their homeland they made for experience with sexual force, forced marriages, honour killings, slavery or forced prostitution.
That chases away it.
On the escape that continues.
“That tractors demand for example for a bottle of water a sexual action, are no rarity”, say Bahr.
And the women are alone, them not by their families are protected.
Who believes that end, as soon as they would arrive at Germany, err, tell Bahr.
Single women in refugee accommodation were often regarded also here as inferior and abused at worst.
That leads to it that about 90 percent of the women, who live in the accommodation in Munich the north it is traumatized, estimates it.
“Did not develop surely some the children voluntarily”.
Many women are so used to it that they do not say anything.
“Or they dare not to speak openly about the experienced because the shame is too large”.
Since they would often not know to help itself, need it more accommodation only for them, demand Bahr.
In Bavaria the seven district governments are responsible for the accommodation of refugees.
To the question, whether they would know from a similar project as in Munich in their scope of responsibility, it answers some with no.
In Upper Palatinate and Upper Franconia about there is not something like that in accommodation of the governments.
Also in Swabians alone fled women are accommodated separately, say Karl-Heinz Meyer, Pressesprecher of the government.
In Upper Bavaria, under and middle Franconia there are floors or own houses in some community accommodation only for single women and their children.
The exception is Lower Bavaria, there gives it to two central of accommodation exclusive for women.
Also the committee of “rights of the woman and equality of the sexes” in the European parliament demands that women must be accommodated separately from men.
In a study, which was published for the committee, it means: “It is very important that men and women are separately accommodated.”
“The privacy is missing or men and women is together accommodated, can it continually - force against women come”.
Above all the wash rooms should be easily accessible separately and for women, stand in the study.
The how very women feel this protection need, one can read off from the crush, which there is on the house in Munich.
“Since itself got around that there are us, have we a long waiting list”, says Bahr.
One could open easily a second house.
Assistant physicians strike: Demands for new forms of industrial action
Deputies of the assistant physicians called their trade union to approve new forms of industrial action with their disputes concerning a new contract.
The Junior Doctors's Committee (JDC) that British Medical Association (BMA) demanded its entire advice to approve starting from at the beginning of September more forms of industrial action.
The JDC stated that it Ministers would have neglected to deal with the concerns concerning the contract.
Assistant physicians and medical students co-ordinated in July on the refusal of a contract, which was agreed upon with the BMA.
It was rejected of 58% of its members, that co-ordinated with the elections.
In a letter to the members, which was published on Thursday evening on Twitter, the chairman of the JDC Ellen McCourt said that the government would have remained “persistently calm” to problems, which led to the fact that the contract was rejected.
She said: “Considering its JDC executive committee co-ordinated to reject the suggested new contract completely and to all your concerns requested official renegotiations.”
When the JDC executive committee has today a formal request for a special meeting of the BMA of advice placed answer to the silence of the government, in order a current program of escalating forms of industrial action, at the beginning of Septembers begins to approve.
The disputes led to it that assistant physicians struck this year six times, the first blackouts in the history of NHS.
The director/conductor of the BMA of assistant physicians Dr. Johann Malawana withdrew after the choice for the refusal of the agreed upon contractual conditions, which had been recommended of the BMA.
It communicated BMA to members during the meetings, which took place still before the vote by 54.000 assistant physicians and medical students, that the contract was favorable and should be accepted.
After the vote the minister of health Jeremy Hunt said that the contract for physicians would obligatorily be introduced to England.
Russia and Turkey: A “alliance of outsiders”?
It was a gesture, which terminated a crisis.
The leaders Russlands and Turkey met on Tuesday, in order to give themselves the hands and to announce an official end of the eight months long persisting war of the words and economic sanctions.
But when Vladimir Putin takes his Turkish opponent in the gilded hall of the St. Petersburger of palace in receipt, I cannot refuse myself the impression that Ankara wants this reconciliation at most.
There was the handshake, yes.
But of Putin smile worked schmallippig and he radiated hardly warmth, even for his reserved conditions.
Recep Tayyip Erdogan however spoke repetitive of its “dear friend” Putin - according to a report whole five time.
I could not count it any longer.
He promised also the fact that the relations with Russia would not only return to their old level before the crisis will even still improve but.
On the next day a newspaper that Erdogan would have behaved in such a way, described as if something bad would have never happened.
Its enthusiasm seemed to suggest rather the opposite to me.
But, a lasting coolness radiating from Putin showed that head of state Russlands had not forgotten the anything.
Rather the cause of the crisis was first, which it mentioned in its introduction words: the firing of a Russian combat aircraft at the Syrian border by Turkey.
Moscow reaction at the time was inflamed with rage.
Putin distributed and accused Ankara of, Russia in the backs pleases to be.
Offence was even still larger, since it was committed by an alleged friend.
The Vetrauen will again construct with difficulty, if become not even impossible.
The public opinion in Russia changed itself for November.
Months long implemented the state-controlled mediums a violent, unrestricted attack on Ankara.
At once it seemed, as if the Turks for everything would carry the debt.
The accusations were most serious from leading officials that Erdogans own family would have profited from the illegal oil trade in areas of Syria, which are controlled by the so-called Islamic state.
It denied this vehemently.
But in St. Petersburg the official message that it was time read, to look forward.
Finally this meeting took place only, because Putin received the apology, which it wanted to hear from president Erdogan.
Russia could book a kind victory.
For Ankara the advantages of an armistice are clearly obvious.
Erdogan needs primarily all friends, whom he can get, after he was relieved last month with a failed coup d'etat nearly of his office.
Repetitive terrorist raids on Turkey likewise shook it.
But there are also economic motives.
Russian sanctions met Turkey hard - in particular the prohibition of charter flights, which bring each year usually several millions Russian tourists to the Turkish coast.
The number decreased around nearly 90%.
In Russia tour operators and charter companies will be relieved, if the flights are again taken up.
They count on a lateseasonal attack to the Mediterranean.
This week prognosticated public television cheaper fruit and vegetable, as soon as the Turkish agrarian imported goods are again permitted.
A report in Vedemosti formulated it as follows: “Tourists there long, tomatoes here long.”
But the visit had an additional political value for Moscow.
Ankara is furious on the west, since it regards its reaction to the tried seizure of power as weak answer.
In addition continuous resentment over the snail speed of the EU accession negotiations and the Putin come - which are eager to pull from the cool tendency benefit and to reduce the relationship of Turkey with the west.
The Russian head of state won a bonus in Ankara with security for the fact that he demanded support for the selected state organs after the tried coup d'etat.
That is for Moscow mind you a matter of course, which has even a low-sitting fear of regime changes.
The summit in this glossful palace at the sea made it possible for Russia and Turkey to represent one, as it described me an analyst once, to “alliance of outsiders”: two countries, of the west offended and badly treated feel and now groups.
Nevertheless, despite the public reconciliation, exist between the two still large differences.
The largest difference is Syria, where Moscow gave itself recently the role as a peacemaker, but where opposite sides support Russia and Turkey.
It could be characteristic that after nearly three hours at Erstgesprächen both presidents to the press conference stated that they would not have even touched the topic.
The president of Turkey avoided to answer it intentionally to a question over its differences, during Putin itself in addition decided these to stress.
No clear consent is present over it where a common denominator can be found to Syria.
But after months of open hostilities - and in view of the potential for a perfect Disaster, when the NATO member Turkey shot the Russian fighter plane - it is surely better that the two heads of state talk again with one another at least.
Royal Bank OF Scotland for customers outside of Scotland no longer available
The brand RBS is to be reduced according to the chief executive of the bank only more to a Back Office role.
Royal Bank OF Scotland for customers outside of Scotland no longer will be available.
Ross McEwan communicated Scotland to the BBC that the brand RBS with the global ambitions of the bank were connected.
The bank dissociated itself since then, when it before eight years nearly collapsed and had to be saved.
In this time brand strategists used “RBS” to protect other final consumer financial brands.
It supported the international sport with millions pound at sponsoring, of the Six nation rugby up to the Wimbledon winner Andy Murray.
But now it decided to move more national brands into the focus.
Royal Bank OF Scotland only for customers in Scotland will be available, but one will not initialize.
In England and Wales all PUCB becomes references, which changes decentralized head office and the stock exchange quotation to NatWest.
The brand Ulster bank is already used for customers in the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland.
There is other one, smaller brands for the private customer business, which will receive more meaning - Coutts, Adam & Co, Drummond and Holt's Military bank.
McEwan was interviewed during an inspection tour by customers and employees into Inverness shire.
It divided the BBC Scotland with: “The brand PUCB will become now our investor brand as well as the brand, under which our employees will be employed, there we more a bank of brands.”
When the bank became a global brand, RBS became the global brand.
I say now that we do not pursue global goals, but local of goals.
Each of these brands will be located somewhat perfectly in their own communities for different one and our employees will become under these brands with the customers to work.
RBS already stated that its Six nation sponsoring any longer it would not continue becomes and that it will increase the perceptibility of the different brands in its sport sponsoring.
“It is time for us to develop to the bank of the brands because as we concentrate on the inside (we have in demand) to make this a better bank for customers?” the chief executive said.
It would have been before three years very cynical, if we had said that we will be for our customers a great bank and these brands would have launched.
But with our work, which on customer needs and our not own, I think focus, one many changes will see.
We can launch these brands again, from there think I that the time came.
Frankie Dettori reaches its 3.000ten profit on Predilection with Newmarket
Dettori sprays champagnes after a double with Newmarket, which brings him 3.000ten profit
The Jockey Frankie Dettori secured British profit on Friday its 3.000ten with Newmarket.
It set a milestone on Predilection, which is trained by John Gosden, on its local racing course with its second profit the night.
The 45-year old Italian is the sixth Jockey, which reaches the milestone in the flat running.
It follows sir Gordon Richards, Doug Smith, Lester Piggott, Pat Eddry and Willie Carson.
The threefold winner Dettori, which won before it on Ghayyar, said: “It is something special.”
I am very emotional, because my family is also here
I am very happy over the fact that it happened with Newmarket, because I landed here before 30 years.
It is not a large meeting, it is not Royal Ascot - it is a banal Friday evening with 20.000 people.
I am relieved and very modest.
Dettori takes up the jubilation, when he gets the victory on Predilection
Two Jockeys reached the milestone in the steeplechase - Jockey Richard Johnson and the retired 20-20-malige winner sir Anthony McCoy, who reached more than 4,300 victories in a record-breaking career.
Lester Piggott, the nine times derby winner had 4,493 career victories
Frankie is not one the best Jockey of the modern trend and it is a surprise that he reached this milestone, which only few reached before him.
It has style and is strong, but it is its tactical intellect, which differentiates it from the others with respect to the weight control room.
He is a fantastic Ambassador for running, its enthusiasm and charisma already inspires fans for years for this kind of sport.
I said Frankie several weeks ago with Epsom that he would have gotten already 6,000 profits, if it were not only a weekend and a Großturnierjockey!
Frankie rode in GB already nearly 30 years winners, which is great.
It has an alive personality, which for British running is good, but is it an unbelievable Jockey beyond that.
Frankie Dettori celebrated the milestone with a typical Flying Dismount
From Flying of finish to Flying Dismounts, Frankie Dettori the sign of the British flat running is for two decades.
It was nerve-racking.
A whole row at large tournament gains, including its famous “glorious seven” 1996 in Ascot, but it survived also an aircraft crash and received a drug prohibition.
Before three years it had at the beginning of difficulties, when he returned from his six-month barrier, but he showed an impressing strength of character, in order to defy his sceptics and return to its best form.
And it is not yet in the end - Dettori said formerly that he wants to continue with competitions up to its at least 50.ten year of life.
Of Russia Putin chief of staff Sergei Ivanov fires
Russian president Vladimir Putin has unexpectedly his chief of staff Sergei Ivanov to dismiss.
Ivanov was many years part of the closest confidence circle of Putin.
The 63-year old was appointed the particular agent for environmental and transport affairs.
In a statement of the Kremlin it reads that Putin without giving reasons arranged “the dismissal Ivanovs of its obligations as a chairman of the Russian presidential administration”.
Anton Vaino, who was since 2012 Ivanovs a deputy, was appointed his successor.
Vaino, 44, is former diplomat.
born, he made his conclusion at the renowned national one Muscovite Institut for international relations (MGIMO) for 1972 in the Estonian capital Tallinn and worked in the message in Tokyo.
On the website of the Kremlin it (on Russian) means that he was late minutes boss and staff leader of government staff.
About its appointment he said as Putin: “Thanks for your confidence.”
I think that it is the most important task of the government to support your activity as a head of state relative bills and controls for the conversion of your instructions.
Putin communicated transmitters to the Russian TV on Friday that Ivanov had asked to leave its post and Vaino as its successor had recommended.
Do the smiling faces convince?
This step made Moscow shrouded in mystery.
Sergei Ivanov was long time of one closest familiar Vladimir Putins and works as he for the Soviet secret service, the KGB.
As a chief of staff it was one of the most powerful men that of country.
With a meeting with president both men maintained Putin, who was on TV radiated, that the chief of staff withdraws on own desire.
But despite the smile for the cameras, here only few are of it convinced - above all now, shortly before the parliamentary elections.
Is the subsequent of a kind struggle for power here thus present?
At present nobody knows.
But the official statement - that a man, who was advertized once as a potential president would like to lead at once the Russian environmental policy - encountered large skepticism.
In its remarks at Putin, which are quoted on the website of the Kremlin, Ivanov said “it is true that I had asked you at the beginning of 2012 in a discussion to entrust to me this very much complicated posts - one could almost say - cumbersome posts four years long.
As it turns out, I am since four years and eight months of chairmen of the Russian presidential administration.
Ivanov accepted the post in December 2011.
Before he was a deputy Prime Minister and Secretary of Defense.
It is member of the Russian security council and like Putin former member of the state security service KGB.
Into the late 1990er years, when Putin of chairmen of the federal security agency (FSB) was, the KGB, Ivanov replaced its deputy was appointed.
As Putin to power called it arrived Ivanov as one of five people, which he to most familiar.
Once it was accepted that Ivanov could become after of Putin second term of office president of Russia, since a third term of office of Putin would have offended against the condition.
But this post was taken by a further, intimate allied Putin, Dmitry Medvedev.
Putin became an Prime Minister, before it became three and a half years later again the president.
Criminal Minds star Thomas Gibson fired, after it struck producers
Gibson was involved last month in physical argument in the set the series in Los Angeles.
ABC studios and CBS television studio, which produces the series, announced its notice in a common statement.
Gibson, which played the special agent Aaron Hotchner, apologized on Thursday before the proclamation of its notice publicly.
At the set it came to artistic differences and a difference of opinion.
I repent the incident,” said he in a report.
Details in addition, as the character giving ONS from the series, which follows a team of FBI agent, is copied, are presumably published according to the statement of ABC studios and CBS television studio at a later time.
The 54-year old, which played before in the sitcoms Dharma & Greg, participated since the first relay of the series in the year 2005 also.
“I love Criminal Minds and the last twelve years in my whole heart blood put,” said Gibson in one on Friday published report.
I had to be hoped for up to the end thereby, but that will be now no longer possible.
I would thank you simply gladly the authors, producers, actors, our wonderful crew and above all the best fan, whom one can only desire for a series.
The planned radiant emittance of the twelfths relay is set on 28 September.
Mystery around fish, which landed in garden in Banff
An inhabitant of Banff requested assistance, who in his garden in Banff emerged with the identification of the fish.
Kevin Bain thinks that it could concern with the 75 fish sand lances, which became to ausgespien from a fountain.
Mr. Bain, who lives approx. 500 meters of the sea, published a video of the Spektakels on Periscope in hope that someone for something light on the appearance of the two are enough for duty fish throw could.
Queensferry Crossing: Bridge now connected with Fife
£ 1.35 billion the expensive project are to be finished until May 2017
Engineers connected the north deck of the Queensferry Crossings with the viaduct - which means that the bridge is connected with Fife now.
It is first of four locking the “cover blowers”, which approach the completion around each of the three towers of the bridge.
The bridge section of Fife is now 600 meters long and weighs 30,000 tons.
It has 10.000 tons steel and 20,000 tons concrete as well as 46 inclined cables.
£ 1.35 billion the expensive project are to be finished until May 2017.
Minister of economics Keith Brown paid the building site today a visit and was one first, who went from the country on the bridge.
He said: “That is a historical and symbolic moment with the building of the Queensferry Crossings.
We are all witnesses of an engineer art of a indeed epic measure with this project also over 30.000 tons concrete and steel, which were used alone for this part of the bridge.
Despite the substantial size and weight the bridge, is the completion of the catch between the viaduct and the bridge deck a delicate activity, which require extremely precise tolerances for the fit.
Altogether nearly 79% of the entire bridge deck at their place and the last section of the deck are receive today in Rosyth a concrete casting for the deck, which meant that the entire deck is ready, on the bridge to its place to be lifted.
Michael Martin, Projektleiter von Forth Crossing Bridge Constructors said: “The first catch represents a substantial milestone with each bridge project.
With this fantastic project the catch represents to trend-setting high and foundation engineering.
After the installation of the last road cover section and its connection with the north tower deck in the development, we had to then close the still existing gap on the north or land side.
This was south reached by pulling the northern feeder bridge of 700 millimeters.
This was a substantial and at the same time very delicate activity.
Substantial one, since that is 222 meters long viaduct, weighs approx. 6,000 tons and had with an increase of approx. 3% to be pulled upward.
Delicately, since the tolerances, on which the team works towards, were tiny - on each side they amounted to only some millimeters.
Fortunately everything ran very well.
Rescue in the Moelfre Bay: Three men have “luck still alive to be”
Three men have “luck still alive to be”, after they were thrown by their fishing boat before Anglesey.
The Moelfre RNLI salvage station struck BST alarm on Friday around 13:20, after a crew observed the event in Moelfre Bay.
The three men had to swim themselves difficulties in security, while their boat from own strength moved on.
“We saw, like the boat in their proximity around itself turned and imagined the worst,” said the director/conductor of the salvage station of Moelfre Vince Jones.
“Fortunately have the strong hoist the boat except its range blown, until we let to water,” already added it.
Two of the men were saved by a local fishing boat, while the third man at the age was exhausted hanging of 60 and found on a buoy without rescue waistcoat.
They came all on board the coastal life raft and back to the salvage station were brought
Mr. Jones said: “The three men, who were thrown in the water, to have luck uninjured and still alive be.
The boat engine had an emergency stop line, these detached itself however when capsizing the boat of the person, who steered the boat.
Someone was awake today over these men.
Heavily injures - man stabs on his ex-girlfriend
A man attacked and heavily injured his ex-girlfriend in Hamburg Harburg with a measurer.
As the police communicated yesterday, the 50-year old key to the apartment had gotten, in order to get its personal things.
Instead the perpetrators under the influence of alcohol the clothes of its ex-girlfriend cut.
When this came into the apartment, he stabbed twice on her.
The 44-year old was injured at the hand and at the body.
The police could arrest the perpetrator.
While the 50-year old clothes of his ex-girlfriend destroyed, it called its mother.
This alarmed thereupon its sister.
Together with their life companion the 45-year old their brother wanted to calm down.
It could not induce it however to leave the apartment.
Therefore it went with its life companion out of the house.
On the road they found the ex-partner of the man.
When the two women entered the apartment again, the 50-year old its sister to the side and attacked its ex-girlfriend pushed.
Who builds of Braunschweig favorable apartments?
The SPD and the Green mean: Investors are to be taken in the future much more strongly into the obligation.
How does one react to the bad message that Braunschweig will lose nearly 1300 favorable apartments in the next years?
The SPD suggests a “action concept living” for next council meeting.
But controversy is programmed.
Primarily it concerns the question: Who is to actually build the favorable apartments?
A regulation is missing so far.
SPD faction leader Christoph Bratmann means: “We are us with the Greens united: Who wants to build on urban surfaces, in the future 20 percent of all apartments than subsidized low-rent housings must prove.”
The favorable apartments can develop however also in the existence.
The large point at issue in the city hall is however, like that roasting man: “As one deals with investors, those on private surfaces to build wants?”
“We want that investors on such surfaces build at least 10 percent, but as 20 a percent of the apartments as possible as subsidized low-rent housings.”
A new urban housebuilding advancement program, which will cost millions and still must be financed, is to provide for incentives.
The problem, so roasting man: “There is momentarily still no agreement between the parliamentary groups.”
The CDU would like to make if possible few regulations for investors.
The left one wants still hardens editions for investors.
Regardless of its, so roasting man, is at hand an aggravation of the situation on the housing market.
If the action concept is converted, for additional tasks in the building authorities will provide.
More staff one needs.
It is unclear whether we will get the specialists.
Still the program does not stand completely: Because those approximately 1260 new apartments, which should anyway are built.
How however does one adjust the loss of further approximately 1300 favorable apartments, whose promotion will run out in the next years?
However up to the year 2020 there will be 500 apartments.
In order to prevent, so the planning-political spokeswoman Nicole Palm, connections of the city, running out now, should be purchased.
In addition would have to be thought to get apartments again back into the application of fixed prices.
That is possible in Weststadt.
At one blow the problem would let itself solve.
Because run out in Weststadt to the end of the year eking out.
One could get approximately 1800 apartments there back into the application of fixed prices for favorable apartments.
Only: The owners, housing associations do not want that.
Because the number of the subsidized low-rent housings in Weststadt is increased again drastically, departs one from the goal of the so-called mixing.
A concentration of socialweak in only few quarters is not to give it any longer.
The Greens count on the fact that it will give still movement in the discussion.
Leader of the parliamentary group Holger Herlitschke means: “For a broad majority the CDU must also in the boat.”
Those concentrated on more building sites for single family houses.
Which however it does not mean that still another compromise cannot be found.
Pokémon Go, a hunt for health and luck, which are worthwhile themselves
It is to be watched fascinatingly, how the world changes.
The fact that teenagers and child do not go to no more to playing to outside was deplored but it rather to prefer to spend their spare time thereby at screens to stare, in the last decade by many.
With Pokemon Go goes it around getting and become more active letting people from the sofa to.
The time at the screen was at first limited to the television, then to video games and last to smartphones.
From there it is to be seen greatly that technology and activities in the free one are not mutually exclusive.
I refer thereby naturally to the Pokémon Go-illusion, an app, which is based on the characters, those first for the video games into the 1990ern to create (later developed from it an indication trick series, playing cards and other spin Offs).
Like many phenomena of the popular culture the interest before the publication of the play sank in the USA, Australia and New Zealand at the beginning of July somewhat.
The introduction on the market in other countries was shifted by the substantial demand, which overloaded the servers.
Within a few days Pokémon Go of more users than Tinder and nearly so many had like Twitter.
How does it function?
Briefly said the players with their smartphones go looking for outside and for Pokémons, which are after-pursued with a GPS and, as soon as they were once found, “photographed” (over a screenshot on the mobile phone) or to become “imprisoned taken” to be able.
A generation, which played the play, when it was still younger, followed the illusion and jumped for the search of the sofa.
In the USA the play led to a considerable rise at steps, which the “average” person puts back each day.
Cardiogram, app for Apple Watch, which after-pursues 35,000 users, communicated Washington Post recently that within two days after introduction on the market of the play, which started number of of the after-pursued people, which train each day 30 minutes, from 45 percent to 53 percent.
The enterprise does not know, who plays of it Pokémon Go - it sees only the raw data for increase in output.
Many public clearing-up campaigns to the health, the people to it to bring want “30 minutes time to take themselves,” “from the sofa to come” and “each day be active” discovered deaf ears, because many public messages are boring to the health and come from people, which look miserable.
Nevertheless the meaning of sport cannot be overestimated.
Who drives regularly sport, reduces its opportunities to get sick with cancer or depressions.
Physical manipulation helps with weight control to state high blood pressure, diabetes and a long list at advantages, which too long are, in order it here.
But the wonderful at Pokémon Go is that it brings the people to do something in the free one that them joke makes.
Thus three columns of the health are taken off - movement, fresh air and sunshine as well as joke.
Some people close even new friendships on the hunt.
As there are always also grumpy spoilsports, who must always weight about something.
And yes, someone could run against a door.
What is it?
A break-through occurred.
Even if smartphones apps could after-pursue such as fit bits already in former times our activity, they did not give us a reason to drift sport as it does this play.
The new will lose its attraction and will leave the use with the time.
Due to Pokemons success will give it however more plays, which will unite apps and virtual reality with in the real world and will help many people on the hunt, more actively, to be more fitter and healthier.
Read Dr. Joes blog on www.drjoetoday.com
Simone Biles creates gold in the lady doing gymnastics
Forget the pressure.
Forget hype.
Simone Biles is immune on all that.
Dynamically on the vaulting horse.
Easy on the bar.
Breath-taking one on the ground.
On whole line brilliantly.
And now finally also olympia winner.
The 19-year old American Turnerin ascended on Thursday to the multi-combat title and increased the gap between itself and the rest of the world before all eyes under the searchlight beam of the Olympic Games.
Their total result of 62,198 was appropriate clearly before the silver medal winners and “final Five” - for crew companion Aly Raisman and the Russian bronze medal winner Aliya Mustafina.
The Americans Simone Biles Brazil does gymnastics, Thursday on the balance beam during the single multi-combat final of the women in the artistic gymnastics with the olympic summer games in Rio de Janeiro 2016.
Biles is the fourth heterosexual American, some multi-combat title wins and altogether the fifth, while she strengthens her call to be the best one of their generation or even at all.
It broke out in tears, when their final result was shown and their be enough for travel in this moment an end found.
This success places it into the same league as singular athletes as Michael Phelps, which brought their kinds of sport to new heights:
Biles won the last three years their kind of sport dominated, 15 world champion medals - including 10 gold medals - with so amazing exercises, which contain a mixture from ambition and precision that the olympia winner said Mary Lou Retton of 1984 of it that it is “the best Turnerin, which I ever saw.”
It expected it a last examination in Brazil, a competition, which did not go so much between Biles and the rest of the athletes, but rather between it and a load of oversized expectations.
Not with a handful of gold back to the family in jump, Texas return, would be as disappointment to be viewed.
The Americans Simone Biles, left, and Aly Raisman embrace themselves, after they won in each case gold and silver in the single multi-combat final of the women in the artistic gymnastics with the olympic summer games 2016 in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, Thursday,
Biles got the first medal on Tuesday, while she served herself on the parting celebration of the crew co-ordinator Martha Karolyi committing in retirement as exclamation mark.
Although Biles insisted on it, during its long way on the point, the future to have never planned, is not really true that.
A part of their ground exercises - which contain its typical Tumbling passport - is co-ordinated with Latin American music, which would fit at home on the road outside of the olympia arena in Rio.
That is not coincidence.
This girl, who was adopted of its grandparents as a small child and discovered of coach Aimee Boormans mother during a school trip into the gymnasium, in the Boorman trained, became the strength.
It lost no more multi-combat competition since the summer 2013, a winning streak, which will so for a long time continue, as it wishes Biles.
Even if Mustafina led by two turns easily, the picture trügte.
Balance beams and floor exercises - in those Biles the world champion title holds - lay in wait.
It got again with 15,433 on the balance beam - and set with 15.933 on the ground still a one on it.
Raisman embraced it gently as it their Endergbnis expected - a pure formality - and tears flowed on Biles shining red, white and blue Eyeliner, when the vision, which described it once in her collecting book, became the reality.
The achievement Raismans was a revenge for the last mark before four years, when it fought for the third place, but the bronze medal in a Tiebrake at Mustafina went.
This time the 22-year old captain, who is called by the Americans “granny”, had a lead.
After its ground exercise she threw kiss hands to the audience, overwhelmed from a comeback, which appeared doubtful sometimes.
Which concerns Biles, then the fast spreading Tweet of the 19-year old has earlier this week a completely new meaning of:
Police: 3 victims in case of series murderer when music hearing in the car shot
According to police reports, which were published on Thursday, two women and a 12-Jahre old girl were shot, who died in one of the deadliest attacks for one decade in the first case of series murderer of Phoenix, while they conversed in the car and heard music.
Angela Rochelle Liner, Stefanie R. Ellis's and Ellis Tochter Maleah shot on 12 June, while the car was parked in an entry, said the authorities.
The perpetrator fired eight shots from a hand-held weapon, during he on the passenger side of the car stood and fled afterwards with another vehicle, is in the report to be read.
The police communicated that the three-way murder does not seem to have been the result of an armed robbery, since the aggressor did not carry the handbags or the $ forward 2,900, which were in the possession of one the adult victim.
The police spokesman by Phoenix Sgt. Jonathan Howard said that the shooting tempts the investigators to it, a closer look on to become whether she is connected with four previous attacks.
Altogether in Hispanic residential areas within four months in nine attacks seven people were predominantly killed and two further were injured.
“It happens in a residential area before a house,” communicated Howard of the KHPO, a subsidiary of CBS, Anfang of the month.
That the suspect used several vehicles, including a brown Nissan from the late 1990ern, a black BMW from the late 1990ern and a white Cadillac or Lincoln is accepted.
The investigators refused revealing the proofs which led it to the conclusion that the attacks are linked and were committed by the same murderer.
Ellis, 33, was hospitalized due to its injuries and died later.
Liners, 31, and Ellis Tochter Maleah died still locally.
A witness communicated to the police that it was not unusual for it to sit in a parked car and hear music.
The authorities published also a police report over the shooting, which aimed at an empty Pickup Truck a half hour before the three-way murder and with is gone out that it was the work of the series murderer.
Investigators found cartridge cases and secured a ball from the seat as well as ball fragments from the engine compartment.
Mother of a 6-year old with Mikrozephalie: “It becomes better”
Like most 6-year old Edmund Picciuto loves a singing, toys and naturally its mother.
But like the few its age comrades has Edmund Mikrozephalie, who result of a genetic disturbance, about which his mother Elizabeth Picciuto did not know anything during her pregnancy.
When he came the first time home, my first thought was not, I creates that.
I do not create that.
Whereupon I did not admit myself.
Which is not correct at all -- naturally one admitted on it,” said themselves her.
And their it was communicated to its husband Vincent that Edmund will perhaps never recognize it to be able and that it will not possibly even survive.
Some physicians went even so far that they suggested institutionalizing him.
“My first answer to it was not 'I knew that people make that still,'” explained Picciuto.
Edmund can run with the help of a going assistance.
Edmund could sit up to his third year of life neither nor crawl and he can yet speak.
But it makes progress slow.
It can run with support and bicyclings.
He loves it also to play and sing with its two brothers.
Elizabeth shows the sign language, the Edmund for “please sings itself to me somewhat forwards” invented.”
“We teach sign language to him,” told Picciuto CBS news.
But it is not a typical sign language -- she says. Edmund invented some indications alone.
Mikrozephalie has a variety at causes: genetic as with Edmund as well as infections with viruses such as measles or the Zikavirus during the pregnancy.
The symptoms and prognoses can vary strongly.
It is to be said still too early, how infected it the life with the Zikavirus will affect.
Picciuto remembers the emotional price of an uncertain future.
I constantly asked, what will happened?
What will happen?
And it does not know it yet really.
I did not ask already for a long time no more for the prognosis, because I do not expect that she can really say someone to me.
But Picciuto has a hopeful advice for mothers of babies with birth damage, which was caused by the Zikavirus.
It becomes better.
They know that it will become better for you.
They will love your child and become your child you to love.
, Cause for rescues in Louisiana, Mississippi gives violent rainfalls to inundation
Violent rainfalls and wide inundations in Louisiana forced the governor to proclaim on Friday the state of emergency. It is counted whole Saturday over on more rainfalls.
Numerous rivers in the southeast of Louisiana and the south of the Mississippi flooded their banks and threatened with wide inundations after extreme rainfalls, reported the national weather service.
The governor of Louisiana John Bel Edward communicated that civil servants are located in the constant contact with the local authorities and were assistance to the communities concerned already on the way.
Mike Steele, a spokesman for the Office OF Homeland Security and Emergency Preparedness of the governor, communicated that the requests for flood vehicles, boats and sand bags increased themselves.
Steele said that alone the community Tangipahoa would have requested ten thousand sand bags.
An inundation warning system is used over far parts in the south of Louisiana until Saturday.
The weather service let announce that in this area additional 3 to 5 duty at rains could fall.
In the south of Alabama on Friday a flood early warning system was used, while it rained in the area mobile further.
The river Comite in the proximity of Baton rouges and the river Amite in the proximity of Denham jump, which are both in Louisiana, in all probability over the weekend record level will reach.
The Metereologe Alek Krautmann it says that both rivers could inundate many houses in the suburban areas close Baton rouge.
He said also that an inundation in Ascension Parish, directed downstream, represents a danger, since these will flow over the stepped rivers only slowly into the Lake Maurepas.
The river Tickfaw, south the Mississippi state border in Liverpool, Louisiana, reached the highest level, which was ever noted on Friday already around 09.00.
Rescue teams pulled still people from the flood water in the districts Amite and Wilkinson in the southwest of Mississippi.
Leroy Hansford, its wife and its stepson were under those, which were saved on Friday in close proximity to Gloster.
Hans Ford, 62, says that water of Beaver Creek, which is appropriate normally more for than 400 foot remotely from its house rose over night strongly.
He said that a further stepson, who lives in the proximity would have warned him.
“We woke up and the water flowed and flowed in here,” said Hans Ford.
It reached my waist.
Its woman said Hans Ford that she did not stand on end in the 48 years, in which she lived there ever such the river would have seen.
Hans Ford said that it and its family members would have all handicaps and it would be the only one, which can swim.
Hans Ford said that emergency aides would have saved all three in a large military truck and them to the next fire station in Gloster would have brought, where they were accommodated up to Friday.
Herb man said that the inundation had “itself fast spread”, there it further heavy rainfalls gave and that the authorities would consider instructions for evacuation.
According to herb man an observer announced in close proximity to Livingstone from midnight to Friday tomorrow from 13,75 duty rain.
Herb man said that the ground was substantially soaked up by the rainfalls for Wednesday.
The authorities indicated that heavy rainfalls and road inundations caused the rescue of inhabitants from their houses in Tangipahoa Parish and instruction loss in five school districts.
The CBS slave transmitter WWL reported that an assigning to indicated 200 inundated houses in Tangipahoa.
The inhabitants were evacuated in two churches, which were inundated now both.
The chief of the community Robby Miller said that the authorities would have saved 72 people and seven domestic animals, which were washed up by the flood.
In the cities Amite and Hammond were furnished emergency accommodation, in order to accommodate the evacuated ones.
“As soon as the water begins to decrease, becomes it again into its houses to decrease to be able,” said it.
In the city Hammond of the community Tangipahoa were closed nearly two dozen of roads due to the flood and made available sand bags for the inhabitants to the taking along, that hope, to be able to hold the water from their houses and business.
“The last large inundation, which we had, was in March,” said Lacy Landrum of the city administration.
This seems to become a similar incident.
In Mississipp the emergency manager said Rupert Lacy of Harrison Countys that it rained at the gulf coast further.
According to its information a handful houses is to have been announced on Thursday as inundated, but on Friday none were announced up to now.
Keith Townson, Manager with shop by VALUE Foods in Amite, lives already for 40 years in the area.
“I have water at places seen, at which I saw it never before,” said Townson, “and it come still.”
Mahaj Brown, 6, “perforated by balls”, survives shooting in Philadelphia
The police communicates that the 6-year old boy in Philadelphia was shot, this week already the second time that a 6-year old child is shot.
Grandparents of the boy identified it for of CBS Philadelphia as Mahaj Brown.
Grandparents indicated that Brown suffered several bullet wounds, inclusively in the Lende, leg, arm and belly, but that it was in the case of its transport in the hospital with consciousness.
“It went through much, was perforated its small body of balls,” communicated his grandmother Delores Melendez the transmitter.
I cannot believe that simply.
The condition of the boy was classified in a hospital as critical and it had to undergo to several operations.
The family of the boy communicated to the transmitter that it will presumably again recover.
It should have begun the first class in a local primary school.
Brown was one of four people in Germantown was shot.
Likewise three men were shot: two at the age of 29 years and a 32-year old.
One of the 29-year old men is in the critical state; the other two victims are according to CBS Philadelphia in the stable condition.
The boy was found shot on the front seat of a car as well as the 29-year old, which is in a critical state, reports the transmitter.
The other two victims were not in the car and the police determine straight whether under one of the injured men of the perpetrators could be.
Investigators communicated of CBS Philadelphia that it had apparently come to a crossfire between several contactors.
Cartridge cases for assault rifles, which were retraced to different assault rifles, übersähten the scene.
It seems that it concerned here clearly a continuous fight.
On the road, on both sides of the sidewalk, were cases.
Thus it seems to have given here several armed fighters, who were very actively involved,” communicated Polizeihautpmann Anthony Ginaldi to the police in Philadelphia the transmitter.
Also several houses and vehicles were met in the area.
The police came examined at present according to reports the monitoring video to no arrests and.
On Tuesday a further 6-year old girl was met by a ricochet at the arm, when she played before her house in the residential area of the west Oak Lane.
She recovers and the police still looks for suspecting.
Why we need Simone, Gabby and Laurie
That is, which I introduce myself under the woman Olympic team in doing gymnastics and which from more than one reason.
First of all I participate since 1984 with each Summer Olympic Games and the USA was never so dominantly.
And secondly: This crew has three turn gutters, Simone Biles, Gabby Douglas and Lauren “Laurie” Hernandez, which worked for many young girls of other skin color inspiring.
Structure this crew, which Aly Raisman, which is Jew and is Madison Kocian, the catholic, round off, make everyone proudly.
This crew reflects finally the USA.
It solidified the black and Hispanic female presence at the point of this kind of sport.
In the last four years the number one was under the female turn gutters an Afro American.
Last year were Simone and Gabby #1 and #2.
That shows strength.
With the last Olympic Games a Gabby Douglas's was surprising olympia winner and America was jubilant.
Now the world in the position, a witness of the unbelievable achievement of the three-way world champion Simone Biles was to be Douglas and Laurie Hernandez like it unexpected, but masterful Gymastikroutinen supplied.
On Thursday Simone became the fourth, heterosexual American, who won during an individual multi-combat event for women Gold.
Crew member Aly Raisman won silver.
We experience the point of this kind of sport, but turn classes do not look generally speaking country in such a way.
Simone, Gabby and Laurie knocked all the same way as Aly and Madison, in order to create it into the olympic team.
They are the “last five”, because the next Olympic team will have only four turn gutters in the crew. In addition that is the last year with Marta Karolyi as a coach.
But the reality looks in such a way that doing gymnastics an expensive sport is and gymnasts are responsible primarily in private gymnastics clubs, which will maintain from parents those for the training, facility, travel clothing, competition and hotel costs (for the coaches and their gymnast and families). The list can be continued at will.
The majority of these gymnastics clubs lie in wealthy suburbs, which can support the business.
In these clubs the gymnasts receive their entire training and that are for the families an expensive and long-term commitment.
Aimee Boorman, Trainerin of Simone Biles, and Maggie Haney, Trainerin of Laurie Hernandez, have both their athletes to have trained, since then her with doing gymnastics to have begun.
We must make aun innumerable, young girls, who are inspired by Simone, Gabby and Laurie, for the communities possible a leistbareres and more easily accessible Turntrainung.
I created my turn foundation of 20 years.
With my events we ordered free and affordable doing gymnastics in Harlem for over 15.000 urban young people (above all black and Hispanic) and trained national and international winners.
In September we will expand to Detroit (my hometown), in order to offer to the youth high-quality doing gymnastics, which earn the possibility of learning and of profiting from this great olympic kind of sport to.
Do gymnastics develop strength, flexibility and co-ordination for the body as well as hard work, discipline and certainty for the spirit.
This combination offers lifelong advantages for the health as well as for school and vocational success.
The inspiration of this crew, which thousand young girls bring to it, is to be interested in doing gymnastics and that is great.
It is so important to participate in the sport particularly for girls.
That is a in such a way stretching time.
Thank if Simone, Aly, Laurie, Gabby and Madison for this genuine representation of “Girl power” by getting the olympic crew gold and, if barrel it thanks so many young girls with different background motivated to become in order to begin their way, healthy, strong and successful young women.
Assistant physicians would like to organize further strikes, after they rejected Jeremy Hunts's proposal
The Ministers had hoped to be able to terminate the controversy over the changes by acceptance of a reformed contract with the functionaries that British Medical Association but 58 percent of the 37,000 assistant physicians, who co-ordinated with a choice, rejected it.
In July Hunt Pläne had revealed, whom contract said obligatorily to introduce and the fact that in a “no man's land” would be NHS and each further delay for the employees and patient would be harmful.
The first assistant physicians are to receive a new contract, which contains changes to night and weekend works, in order to improve the care to inhospitable times.
Dr Ellen McCourt, the chairman of the BMA Kommittees for assistant physicians divided last night in a report with: “Assistant physicians have serious doubts to the suggested contract still to treat all physicians fairly in particular that it will neglect the present staff crisis to heat up and it.”
At only eight weeks, which still remain, until the first group of physicians under the new contract fall, must progress are made and the time runs out.
Efforts on the part of the BMA for the solution of the disputes by discussions encountered at the government on aversions to take part and sometimes deafening silence.
That happened the one promise, which had made Jeremy Hunt only last month over the fact that its door would always be open.
“Jeremy Hunt must now act, which waive imposition and which concerns of the assistant physicians address”.
If he should not do this, then the assistant physicians made it clear that they are ready to accomplish further forms of industrial action.
The last strike at the end of April planned a delay of almost 13,000 routine operations and 100,000 dates, since nurses and specialists were included, in order to grant physicians on the picket line covering.
The Ministers had hoped to be able to terminate the controversy over the changes by an acceptance of the reformed contract with the functionaries that British Medical Association.
The BMA would like a better Wochendentlohnung for the 54,000 assistant physicians, who will be subject to the contract.
Daniel Mortimer, general manager of NHS of the employees, requested the assistant physicians to terminate the strike.
Mortimer said: “Forms of industrial action reach nothing the only few, load however teams and service providers already over-burdening and prepare the patients, male nurses and its families only concerns, emergency and interruption.”
In the last two months we spoke me the committee of the assistant physicians and with the Ministry of Health as well as other Ministries positively to the doubts regarding the guardianship and the Whistleblowings answered.
The employers hoped that the continued positive commitment about other important - like delegation, flexibility with training courses, additional training courses for those, which return from a vocational time-out, Schulungsksten, mutual acknowledgment of the curriculum, study leave and the gender pay gap in the medicine - an indication of it were, like seriously it the employers, which was Health Education England and the Ministry of Health concerning the adherence to the agreements with the BMA in November, February and May.
The £2-pro day medicine, the cardiac infarct risk to lower can
Thousands of heart attack patients will profit from a £2-pro day medicine, after by the authorities one recommended to give this to more people for a longer period.
The coagulate-restraining medicine Ticagrelor reduces the risk of repetitive cardiac infarcts for people with a heart illness.
The medicine is given already 12 months long after a cardiac infarct, whereby the risk of an apoplexy or a further cardiac infarct is reduced.
The regulatory authority NICE of NHS recommended a four years long income, in order to reduce the risk of cardiovascular problems further.
The regulatory authority NICE of NHS recommended a four years long income, in order to reduce the risk of cardiovascular problems further.
Approximately 140,000 people suffer each year a cardiac infarct and a quarter of it suffer a further cardiac infarct or an apoplexy.
Cardiac infarcts and apoplexies are caused by accumulations of fatty material in the arterial walls, which form surfaces.
If the surface breaks apart, it can cause a blood clot, which causes flow of blood up to the heart clogged and thus a cardiac infarct.
If the blood clot separates, it can flow by the bloodstream and clog flow of blood to the brain, which causes an apoplexy.
People, who had already a cardiac infarct, are subject to a higher risk a further to have.
Ticagrelor, which is manufactured by the British enterprise AstraZeneca and under the trade name Brilique is driven out, reduces this risk, by making the formation of blood clots more improbable.
The instruction draft of NICE, which was today published, recommends a 12-month income of 90mg Ticagrelor, followed from 60mg with a twice daily income of Aspirin for the next three years.
Professor Carole Longson, Direktorin of the NICE of health technology evaluation center said: “A quarter of all people, who suffered a cardiac infarct, has defiance of the availability of secondary prevention a further cardiac infarct or an apoplexy - often with disastrous consequences.”
The fear of a renewed cardiac infarct can have substantial negative effects on the quality of life of a person.
The experience shows that Ticagrelor is effective in combination with Aspirin with the reduction of further cardiac infarcts and apoplexies at people, which had already a cardiac infarct.
By a provisional recommendation of Ticagrelor we are pleased that we are able to extend available treatment options to thousands of humans who can profit from it.
The information about the effectiveness and security of Ticagrelor - above all the bleeding risk - are limited to one period of up to three years. The instruction draft does not recommend treatment, which goes beyond this period.
Culture of the Political Correctness lets electoral fraud in Muslim areas blossom
The former mayor von Tower Hamlets Lutfur Rahman was removed last year on reason of a government report because of corruption from the office
A culture of the Political Correctness led to the fact that widespread electoral fraud in Muslim communities is knowingly ignored like a destroying government report today revealed.
The former cabinet member sir Eric Pickles attacks verbal the police, election observer and city halls proofs of choice abuse due to “hypersensitivenesses concerning ethnicity and religion” to have ignored.
The former Minister for integration and local government, which are now a Antkorruptionskönig, it said that the intimidation of voters from religious motives would be so bad that it should be permitted the police to furnish shut-off volumes outside from polling booths in order intimidated voters to protect.
It recommends that voters should lead a document of identification with itself, in order to prove with elections their identity.
At present a voter must call only its name and address.
The report suggests laying not removable ink on on the finger of a person if they deliver their vote, in order to prevent that someone selects twice.
Whistleblower should receive more protection, say sir Eric.
It demands that the press more entrance to community documents and decisions of not official Kommittees or working groups should have.
“Also the local government before the broader corruption and finance fraud culture, which accompany with it, does not only serve protects,” said it against electoral fraud, but is.
The report was arranged of the Downing Street as consequence of the Tower Hamlets of choice scandal in the east of London.
Last year decided a special choice court that the acting mayor Lutfur Rahman should be relieved after a litany at corrupt and illegal practices of his office.
The court found that Rahman the religious feelings of its Muslim community would have perverted " in cynical way” and that it would have hushed its critics with racing SiS mash and Islamophobienanschuldigungen.
Rahman is to have led “its campaign on the basis that it is the religöse obligation of Muslims, it to select.”
Up to 300 voices were either doubtful or the consequence of an imitation, with which a person selects as someone else.
Sir Eric said that there would be generally speaking country of proofs for fraud.
He expressed himself in particular alarming to the fraudulent absentee voting - at older members would have made the Muslim community pressure on people to select a candidate of their choice.
Sir Eric, shown, made several recommendations, in order to clean the choice system, including leading documents of identification, in order to prove the identity
In its report it means: “As proof it was attached that pressure was exerted on members in need of protection of some ethnic minorities, in particular women and young people, in order to select in accordance with the will the older ones, in particular communities with background of Pakistan or of Bangladesh.
“There were doubts that… national institutions would knowingly have ignored such a behavior due to “politically correct” hypersensitivenesses concerning the ethnicity and religion.”
Sir Eric expressed 50 recommendations, in order to clean the system to stop including the prohibition that political activists works on absentee voting documents, in order “choice elections”.
The report, which is considered by Theresa May, requires also harder registration examinations, in order to prevent that the choice listing is used for immigration and social fraud purposes.
Options consider to ask voters before the choice for your document of identification.
Do not use removable ink on the finger of a person, as soon as it delivered her voice, in order to prevent that someone selects twice.
To accomplish systematic examinations over the nationality of a person, in order to guarantee that they are entitled to vote.
A three-year delimitation on requests for an automatic absentee voting.
Prohibition that political activists works on complete absentee votings and envelopes of absentee votings.
Give the power to the police to furnish closing around choice elections.
A law change, which facilitates an accusation because of intimidation in accordance with the Representation OF the People act 1983 (representative government law 1983).
Photographing prohibition in choice elections.
Requirement that only English in the choice elections may be used (with exception of Wales).
Intensification of the training, in order to guarantee that the employees implement the rule that voters go alone into the polling booth.
Sir Eric falls over the metropolitan policy and finds it “amazingly” that after the Tower Hamlets case a charge one did not place.
“The choice court explained,” said Lutfur Rahman and its deputy for due to a litany at corrupt and illegal practices as unfit it.
It became due to a set of reasons for sufficient - in accordance with the high requirements in the criminal procedure - guiltily admits.
He criticizes also ineffective “checking off controls” of the choice registration elections of the city halls.
Sir Eric said: “The court decision in Tower Hamlets from the last year was a warning signal.
Our country carries a proud inheritance, but the causing concern and covered propagation of electoral fraud and denying some authorities as the mother of the parliaments threatens this good reputation.
Moved after Kates Radler double and other famous doubles of olympia sportsmen in Rio
Fans of the Olympiad 2016 in Rio are guessed/advised this week over the French Radsportlerin Pauline Ferrand-Prevot except edge and volume, which proved as an impressing double of the duchess of Cambridge.
But the 24-year old Olympic athlete is this summer by far not the only athlete fighting for gold, which does not exhibit its own famous double - at least, if one may give faith to the social media.
In honours of the Olympic Games in Rio and all the famous faces, which flicker at present on our screens, FEMAIL created lists on Olympians, who exhibit more than only a certain similarity with Hollywoodberühmtheiten.
The hunter and the wolf: Crew member of the US-crew in the sheet shooting Brady Ellison, left, is compared since its childhood with Leonardo DiCaprio
Except Kates double on the cycle track many people referred on the Internet to how certain sheet contactors the twin of A-celeb could be Leonardo DiCaprio.
Crew member US-crew in sheet shooting Brady Ellison has attack on Twitter caused, after pictures, in which he sees OF Wall Street star to the wolf terribly similarly, emerged.
Actually it received the sheet contactors the insanity in the social media and admitted that he gets to already hear since his childhood that it looks like Leo.
“I do not see large similarity, with exception of the face hair coat,” communicated Brady the hoof catching tone post office.
“He is a good-looking chap, therefore I probably understand that as radix complement.”
One of the popular comparisons since London 2012 will step this year certainly still more into the center: those up-all-ends similarity between British far Springer Greg Rutherford and the popular actor Neil Patrick Harris.
The Russian Turnerin Aliya Mustafina with their large, oratorical eyes is to be able to go through as a double for the Cuban-American singer Gloria Estefan.
And in the pool the South African floats Cameron is compared van the Burgh for years with the Glee star Matthew Morrison.
A course more highly: This user is the opinion that Nathan is the “athletic version” of the Inception of actor
A further continuous comparison was drawn between the tennis star Rafael Nadal and actor Josh Hartnett, who exhibits similarly heavy brows and lips.
The Russian silver medal swimmer Yulia Efimova exhibits more than only the suntanned skin and blond hair like the actress Annalynne McCord, while was certified to the American Nathan Adrian von Fans, a “athletic version of Joseph Gordon Levitt” to resemble.
Strong women: And Dexter Schauspielerin Jennifer Carpenter, right, a similar face form and eyes have football star Hope solo one, left,
Not the only one: A Twitter user was very happy over the fact that others were also noticeable the similarities
Theory into the area posed: Perhaps according to this user there is a reason for the similarity of the pair
A Twitter user explained her satisfaction that “the rest of the Internet thinks that Hope are almost identical solo ones and Jennifer Carpenter.”
Actually the US-Fußballstar Hope solo one and Dexter Schauspielerin Jennifer Carpenter have an unbelievably similar face form and eyes.
Further popular comparisons covered Kerri Walsh-Jennings and their smile, which is almost identical to from actress Laura Linney as well as the gold medal winner in doing gymnastics Gabby Douglas, who exhibits its own beautiful, broad smile, which of bring to It on star Gabrielle Union resembles.
CBC commentator for the Olympic Games apologizes for its statement that Chinese swimmer died “how a pig”
Spectator of the CBC live transmission of the Olmypi plays infuriated Byron MacDonalds's analysis over the fourth place of the 14-year old Ai Yanhan with dr 4x200m freestyle swimming relay on Wednesday
The Canadian transmitter CBC had to apologize, after one of its commentators said that the 14-year old Chinese swimmer went off “how fug” and during running like “a pig died”.
The commentator Byron MacDonalds thought that its microphone was switched off, for delivering as it in the end the 4x200m a freestyle swimming relay its own opinions.
MacDonald, which had been on board gotten in the commentator team of CBS, in order to lend more “color”, knew one hear to say: “This small 14-year old Chinese lost the connection, baby”.
Too excited, went off like fug, died like a pig.
Thanks for it.
The Chinese swimmer Ai Yanhan, 14, swam the second stage of the swimming relay 1:57,79 - 1.61 seconds more slowly than of Canada Taylor Ruck, which made it for the Canadians possible to unlock the gap to China.
Spectators in all of Canada reacted fast online, after they were shocked by the tone and the language
Emmett Macfarlane tweete, “the CBC commentator straight said that the 14-year old swimmer from China “died how a pig”????
The idiot did not understand that they were still on transmission.”
Ai Yanhan from China described at the final 4 x 200m freestyle swimming relay for women following-measured: “This small 14-year old Chinese lost the connection, baby.”
The criticism against Byron MacDonald on Twitter came fast and hard, with which many placed it to the speech
Twitter users did not hold back themselves, when they heard, how insensitive Byron MacDonald was
Another Twitter user Sarah Paradis wrote: “Wow, #ByronMacDonald.
You represent the CBC and Canada and let us all like racists look. #angeekelt.
Short time after Scott Russel, who moderated the CBC transmission, apologized live for the comment of MacDonald and said: “We apologize that the comment was radiated over a swimming achievement.”
It was a unfortunately selected formulation, it does to us suffering that it happened.”
CBC apologized in the end over 90 times at the people, which answered to noticed over Twitter
The commentator colleague Scott Russel had to apologize in the name of MacDonald
CBC copied and inserted its apology with more than 90 other Twitter users, who had weighted about the comments of MacDonald
The network apologized likewise fast and published a report.
We regret it sincerely that these statements were made and that it was made possible that they are radiated.
We apologized night yesterday fast with our spectators on transmission and our Followern in the social media.
In order to get straight one, Byrons of comments referred to the achievement of the swimmer and not to it as a person.
They were inadequate nevertheless and a unfortunately selected formulation. Byron does what he said, much to suffering.
On Thursday afternoon apologized MacDonald in the transmission and tried its remark to justify, by stating that it was not its intention that it is laid out as personal attack.
“I would take myself gladly one moment time, in order said me for the comment, which I had made after the woman swimming relay in the CBC Olympisendung to excuse it.
“I referred to the achievement of the swimmer and not to her as a person.”
No defiance was naturally intended and it does to me much suffering.”
Buyer in Primark is infuriated with woman, who in the middle tries on underwear in the business shameless
The buyers did not know, where they should to look, when a woman took her clothes off in the midst of a Primark, in order to try on pants.
In order to aggravate the situation, it, how she looked therein, examined took it off and put it again back in the shelf.
It browsed to far and tried four pair pants in a business in the Bouverie Place shopping centre in Folkestone, on.
The Primark business in the Bouverie Place shopping centre in Folkestone, in which the woman tried on the pants, before she put her back into the shelf
A mother of two children, Jenny Davidson, whom at the same time in the business it was said that after the mysterious woman had tried on the underwear, “her again dressed and the business left without something to buy.”
She said: “The people could not believe, what they saw.”
In the middle standing on the sales area it took a pair pants from the display, took her own thights and trousers off and tried on it.
“You did not even try a something to diskreteren place to find, in order to do it - it stood simply there, impudently like Oskar.”
“Everyone stared, when it took the pants off again, which did not please her obviously, there it again in the shelf put.”
It repeated the same with three further pants, before she decided finally that you pleased nothing, dressed and went out again.
“It did not seem to disturb you that it observed someone - or of the person to think, who would perhaps buy the pants, she had tried on.”
Mrs. Davidson, 33, who lives in Kent, said: “As disgustingly to be thought that someone would take pants with home, the one other person wore and those was not washed.”
The incident occurred on Tuesday afternoon.
Mrs. Davidson added: “How I received, have the employees try the articles of clothing from the sale to pull, after she went - which is just as good.”
“I would hate it to go and find out with a new pair pants home the fact that another woman wore it and again took and was not washed her off.”
A spokesman of Primark said: “Primark is conscious itself of the incident, that itself on the Tuesday, which 9 August in our branch in Folkstone occurred.”
All which are applicable products were drawn from the sale.
As one protects oneself with Krav Maga against weapon attacks
Die Welt outside is a dangerous place, but this video of Dailymail.com could make it somewhat safer for you.
We spoke with Rhon Mizrachi, a grand master of the Krav Maga of federation in New York, in order to find out, how one deals with armed robbers on close distance.
Independently of whether one approaches you from the front or from the rear you this video will show, how you turn the tables for your robber.
If one approximates you from the rear, then you should turn as the first, so that you can see your aggressor and “from the line of fire gone”, Mizrachi says itself.
Seize the weapon then between your front arm and your shoulder before you it with your free elbow in the face strike.
Strike it then with the knee into the ledge and rotate you, while the aggressor before pain together-curves, the weapon from its hands. Strike it with the run in the face and move you backwards, while they direct the weapon toward it.
With aggressors, that approach from the front, the technology is similar - move your body from the line of fire, seize you the weapon and rotate you them, so that the aggressor cannot shoot.
If you shift at the same time the weight on the weapon and if you strike the aggressor on the chest, then you rotate the weapon from its grasp, before they move backwards and direct the weapon toward it.
Sounds with difficulty?
View yourselves the video, in order to see exactly, how it fools Mizrachi.
But you think for presenting to it that it is safest with a robbery, your money - if you are not Krav Maga grand master.
Traveler Ian Wright scrapes his tongue at the dirtiest places of Europe for a travel guide
A British traveler submitted its immune system and choking reflex of a serious examination - by licking some the dirtiest and most disgusting places of Europe.
The moderator and travel author Ian Wright, 51, from Suffolk scraped its course on a euro-light, a railing at the Piccadilly Circus, a rinsing button of a course toilet as well as a public telephone in Russia, in order to prove the ruggedness of its immune system.
Before licking each object it used a Luminometer, in order to appear and us, in which it will get involved.
But the experiment, which was filmed under the title “The Lickhiker's Guide ton internal Strength”, brought some surprising results to the daylight.
The thought to lick the rinsing button of a course toilet which already by thousands of others one used, may be completely repulsive, but more bad bacteria actually are in a kitchen rinse.
On his travel by Europe Mr. Wright with physicians and medical specialists spoke about the promotion of intestine bacteria as well as about his own health.
Fortunately nothing that he licked, left more than a bad aftertaste in the mouth.
Mr. Wright became admits to test the ruggedness of its intestine by traveling by the world and strange as well as wonderful things ASS.
From public railings at stations up to rinsing buttons of toilets, the task placed its immune system definitely under a sample
In the film it told: “As a child I was relatively unconcerned already, which concerns my health and I have all possible things put into my mouth, earth, worms and mud water.”
In the film it became in any case fair its call.
The only one which it rejected, was a dirty public toilet in Russia.
Its sample reduction showed a Luminometerzahl from over 4000 units.
In the comparison to it the Luminometerzahl of freshly washed hands amounts to less than 60.
But there was a Russian toilet, which he refused to lick, after their Luminometerzahl over 4000 units amounted to, while freshly washed hands exhibit one of less than 60
Mr. Wright and the Finnish manufacturer of milk products Valio produced the travel film “The Lickhiker's Guide ton internal Strength”, which shows the bacteria number at different places like the bathroom
In the film he says: “Approximates the worst one, which I smelled in a toilet.”
There is nothing dirtier than that!
I will lick here nothing, because it is disgusting here inside.
“The Lickhiker's Guide ton internal Strength” was produced in co-operation with the Finnish manufacturer by milk products Valio.
The enterprise equips Mr. Wright with Valio Gefilus, which contains both lactic acid bacteria and vitamin C and D, in order to support the promotion of intestine bacteria and the immune system.
Valios senior Venice President for snack, juices and new categories Niko Vuorenmaa says: “We wanted to really offer something new to the consumers.
Something, which is fascinating for looking at and at the same time the advantages by Probiotika explained.
We accomplished moved brainstorming, which ended with the fact that we said “let us leave us Ian to call.”
They maintain that the interest in intestine health becomes a global phenomenon
In place of only about the products to talk, we wanted to place them into a larger context - the good and bad bacteria in our everyday environment, the meaning of the intestine health and like it is linked with the immune system.
The increasing interest in the intestine health is a global phenomenon and with the documentary film could we to the consumers available over it more information in an interesting way make.
I think also that the film shows that we have a great sense of humor!
Tom Hakala, which led the direction of the film, added: “Leaving it me to say in such a way - I would have mean respect for Ian lost, if he had licked some the things, I it instructed to lick, as the disgusting Russian toilet, those in the film am shown.”
Naturally there were things to bring with which it was simpler, Ian to it to lick and others, with which this was rather difficult.
I am glad that we took up some these dirty treats on film.”
In a survey accomplished by Valio from the year 2015 it associated 84 percent of all asked lactic acid bacteria in particular with the well-being of stomach and intestine and 58 percent stated that they use at least occasionally products, which contain attached lactic acid bacteria.
Antisocial family destroys subsidized low-rent housing in Saltash, Cornwall before Delogierung
An antisocial family left its subsidized low-rent housing after a Delogierung with a damage at a value of £50.000, because it had terrorized her neighbours.
Tanya Skeldon and her partner Shaun Trebilcock were thrown after a long list at complaints from their property in Saltash, Cornwall.
After they were removed by force from their property, shocked employees of the housing cooperative found the property in a irreparable condition.
The walls exhibited gaping holes, timber floor boards were broken, garbage on the floor scattered and graffiti to the walls lubricated.
The family it was resettled and is accepted that she lives now in a private accommodation
Donna McEvoy, which works for the housing management at Cornwall housing, said that she feared that the apartment beyond repair is.
She said: “It was for the people an absolute nightmare and I am here the opinion that people do not have to live in this way.
There are many things to consider, since this property will be probably viewed as not so beautiful part of Cornwalls.
The family is notorious and their call is it likewise.
The pair had three sons, who lived in the meantime in the apartment and which police said that the terror, which had added the family covered street fights with baseball bats, intimidating adjacents resident, drug abuse, drug trade and excessive crying, controversies and swearing.
Skeldon, 47, its name on the lease was located, received in June an arrangement for anti-social behavior.
In some areas of the house, which will be perhaps torn off, old garbage was found
In the property, in which in the past drugs were acted, the timber floor boards were broken
Neighbours stated that they saw fighting them on the road and regularly the police to be called had
Cornwall housing delogierte it and their partner this week by force from the property, after her them an extended eke out from 11 weeks gave, in order to take off voluntarily.
The Delogierung was cheered by relieved neighbours, that said that their life was made hell.
One stated: “You bothered about nobody.”
We lived 20 years beside them and it were always bad.
The innumerable marks, which we say here the police, are unbelievable.
“This morning we could not sleep.”
We rose, because it was here so calm - we are not used to that!
Now, where they finally away are, it will become beautiful.
Adam Fitzpatrick, Neighbourhood Enforcement manager of Cornwall housing, stated that it would have neglected the family with the local authorities to cooperate.
The family lived 20 years in the house, to which the police in regular intervals was called, long
On the side of the community center over-rampantly grown garbage and old toys were thrown down
It added: “It is a dishonor that it neglected the tenant to accept any responsibility for their behavior and that their family since a Delogierung is always the last step, which considers Cornwall housing.
That was a very difficult case, since the behavior was extreme and their acts for their neighbours had to be terrible to watch.
I estimate all the work, those my team, the police of Devon and Cornwall as well as members of the community, which went courageously toward us and the information has us to send to have, carried out.
I hope that this development will donate and the message to some neighbours comfort mediated that anti-social behavior is not tolerated.
Fitzpatrick said that all three sons would have lived at different times in the house, but that they all were over 20.
A dirty mattress, those left in one the bedrooms of the house after the Delogierung on the ground wirde
Workers of the housing management will have to clear now garbage mountains, the house will surround
2014 accomplished the police a raid in the house and found over 70g cannabis as well as balances, Paraphernalien and cash at a value of £1.700.
Skeldon received a fine, after she admits herself the possession of a drug of the class B with commercial intention guiltily had.
It stated that the money for a gravestone of its son Lee Skeldon was, which died 2013 with a car accident.
After they were without shelter, is assumed Tanya and their partner live now in a private accommodation in Plymouth.
Many room walls of the house were smeared with graffiti.
The police say that it will delogieren tenants, who do not adhere to the house regulation
Angela Crow of the police of Devon and Cornwall communicated that the Delogierung was a clear warning to the other tenants, who do not adhere to the house regulation.
“This goes to those, which imagine that they can behave themselves without self-reproaches as well as to those, which were damaged by so a behavior” told them.
The police of Devon and Cornwall will tolerate never criminal and anti-social behavior, who will co-operate further with partners, in order to protect our communities.
Tourists in Portugal in panic shifts, after a low-flying military jet flies over beach
Sun worshipers in Aveiro, Portugal experienced the shock of their life
A portugisiesches P-3C Orion Flugzeug of air forces put an unbelievable dive down
Air forces indicated that it was on a training flight, but persisted in the fact that no security risk was present
This was the moment, into scared tourists begins in panic to turn out, after a low-flying jet falls down over a full beach.
Dramatic video recordings showed, how the military aircraft flew nearly within easy reach over the sun worshipers on the beach section to Aveiro in the north of Portugal.
The holiday-makers jumped up, when they understandably began itself to make concerns over the noise of the jet engines without first to see, what came by the clouds to her.
The incident occurred yesterday afternoon in Costa Nova, in close proximity to Aveiro.
Daniel Fernandes, one of the many holiday-makers, who posteten videos over the dramatic Fly By in the social media, said: “It flew past twice really very deeply and it gave one moment, when it looked in such a way, as if it would fall.”
Nuno Arroja added: “I was straight at surfing and it felt in such a way, as if the airplane would fall down to me.”
Tourists at the beach of Aveiro were transferred in panic, when the airplane came from the darkness and flew unbelievably deeply
Portuguese air forces indicated today that the pilot of the P-3C Orion Flugzeugs on a training flight was, in order fishing boats before the coast to identify and for it so deeply fly had that this represented the only possibility of recognizing it.
The spokesman said that the jet flew area conflagrations present due to the bad visibility by itself in the proximity somewhat more deeply than usually, however persisted air forces on the fact that security was endangered at no time.
Area conflagrations destroyed this summer of parts of the Portuguese mainland, with which also four humans on the island Madeira came to death.
Portuguese air forces indicated today that the pilot had to fly due to conditions - strong fog and fire smoke - so deeply, which limited its view
The airplane was on a training flight, with which the pilot had to identify fishing boats as part of the exercise
Super Cup: Barca with concerns against Seville
Seville - the FC Barcelona fights on Sunday for the first step to the first title gain in the new football season.
The Catalans begin the replay in the duel around the Spanish Super Cup outward against the FC Seville, rise three days later in Camp Nou.
The double winner must do in the test of strength with the underlying Cupfinalisten and governing Europe League champion under others without Neymar, which denies the olympic football tournament with Brazil.
In addition also Goalie Marc-Andre ter Stegen is missing.
The German suffered a volume upsetting in the knee in training, with which unity-inquire at Barca in favor of Claudio Bravo at least for the time being is clarified.
The Chilean international one and Ter bars compete in Barcelona already for two years for the status as number one.
Coach Luis Enrique did in this connection so far without a clear decision and let Bravo in the league, for it however to Ter bars into most remaining applying the precedence.
Before the first obligation play of the new play time it gives with the Spanish master Zweifel over the fitness condition to the crew, which was humiliated on Saturday in a test match of Liverpool with 0:4.
Also with the 3:2 in the sample gallopp against Sampdoria on Wednesday Lionel Messi and Co knew. to not yet really convince.
Seville again has to digest the 2:3-Niederlage after extension in the European Super Cup against Real Madrid and aims at second Triumph with the “Supercopa de Espana”.
Barcelona is with so far eleven successes of the record winners in this Bewerb.
MA Long in an own league to table tennis gold
Rio de Janeiro - the Chinese mA Long is the new table tennis olympia winner.
The 27-year old defeated on Thursday in Rio de Janeiro in a one-sided final his compatriot and “titleholder” Zhang Jike 4:0 (12,5,4,4).
Thus world rankings first got “Golden Grand Slam” with successes with WM, Worldcup, World tour Finalturnier and just Olympia.
Bronze went to the Japanese June Mizutani.
The two Chinese created and constituted themselves it as expected into the final game the title among themselves.
Thus it was clear that for the third time in consequence Chinese would get the single title in the indication of the five rings.
Last non--Chinese on the highest olympia rostrum was the former SVS NÖ legionnaire Ryu Seung min from South Korea.
MA and Zhang were not alone left itself at the plate, between the sentences and with time outs had them Coaches with itself.
Those had withdrawn themselves to the grandstand and released its favorites in the fair match alone one on the other.
“The match to here I played for my country.”
“In the final I play for me”, Zhang had logically said.
After the portion gold and silver medal winners with the China flag posed.
The match was unexpectedly one-sided.
MA had to really fight with its 28-year old opponent only in the first sentence.
Afterwards it determined the speed at the plate and let Zhang starting from there only altogether 13 points.
By the superiority of mA the expected dragging along match did not develop.
But nevertheless rallies sufficiently breath-taking were to be seen.
Mizutani won the play around bronze against 40-year old Wladimir Samsonow 4: 1.
The Belarusian had tightened itself in his quarter final against the German European champion Dimitrij Ovtcharov a rib injury, was thereafter in medical treatment, had “in the long run” with sheet metal to be content.
Sweden Jan-Ove Waldner (38/2004) and Jörgen Persson (42/2008) had by the way become at similarly high table tennis age Olympia fourth.
Donald Trump grants ″ enormous problems ″ in the election campaign
The guidance of the US-republicans is troubled by substantial concerns to lose also in traditionally conservative Federal States their majority.
Presidential candidate Donald Trump admitted now weaknesses of its election campaign in the past republican center Utah.
A rare moment, in which that expressed normally cockily and self-assuredly arising multi-millionaire something like Bedenken, how correspondents reported.
After it threw 16 rivals within the own republican camp from running, now the doubts about its success in the fight for the white house grow.
“We have enormous problems in Utah”, said Trump before evangelical Christians, whom he asked for support in important Federal States such as Ohio, Florida or Virginia.
Debt are wrong reports over its candidacy, took up it again its well-known medium-scolded.
Republican centers wobble
Utah is normally a safe bank for the republicans.
To a survey of SurveyUSA from June according to Trump lay and its competitor of the democrats, Hillary Clinton, dead even.
Other institutes do not see Trump in front, however with the distance, which is usual for republican candidates in the Federal State.
As endangered also Arizona and Georgia are considered.
In an interview of the transmitter CNBC Trump answered to the question, as he wanted to again stop the advance Clintons: “Exactly the same, like I made it so far”.
And pushed afterwards: This will be either successful “, or I become a very very beautiful, long vacation make”.
It make nothing else, as “the truth to tell”.
If it is not enough for it in the end for reasons of the political correctness, correct, shared Trump is.
Then I return to a very good way of life.
According to press reports the party Trump is have threatened, paint funds for the support of its election campaign, be able should it no better poll ratings to present.
Instead of its one wants to seize the candidates of the republicans for the congress more strongly under the arms.
Olympia: Brazen fraud with doping test
The IOC wants to furnish a disciplinary commission to the case.
Of Kenya light athlete trouble threatens after the second doping affair with the Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro.
After attempted fraud with doping control in the olympic village Kenya sent a coach home.
The international olympic committee communicated to furnish immediately a disciplinary commission in order to examine the case.
A Kenyan functionary had communicated that the former sprinter and today's coach, had delivered John Anzrah, in the olympic village a urine sample under the name of the 800-Meter-Läufers Ferguson Rotich.
This was reported to the team line of Kenya by the doping testers.
The world union IAAF asked the IOC for information about the case, in order to exert own investigations, communicated a IAAF spokesman.
“Dependent on the results of the investigation and the measures of the IOC following on it the IAAF an evaluation becomes makes”, was called it in an IAAF explanation.
“It (Anzrah) went to sample to the doping control station and as Ferguson Rotich pretended, those delivered and signed”, explained of Kenya boss de Mission Stephan Arap Soi.
It was in the possession of the accreditation of the athlete, which on the list for training controls of the world Anti-doping agency.
Ferguson Rotich had become 2015 in Peking WM-fourth over 800 meters.
Four days before the Kenyan track-and-field events delegation boss Michael Rotich had been withdrawn from the Rio plays.
It is to have informed sportsmen of its country against cash payments about lining up doping tests.
According to media reports it is to have been arrested with its return at the airport by Nairobi.
Kenya stands with the IOC after numerous doping offences already for a long time under special observation.
Pointed out with the announcement more of than 2000 doping goal controls before the Rio plays, presented by the IOC, unusual-proves before that athletes from Kenya and Russia are particularly taken in its sights.
The world Anti-doping agency had exerted much pressure before the summer games in Brazil on the African country to create an anti-doping law and a functioning control system.
The law was passed few weeks before beginning of olympia.
In the consequence the WADA Kenya of the list took to that countries, whose doping fight with the rules of the WADA are conformal.
Kenya is considered as large runner nation.
The light athletes of the country won most medals at the WM 2015 in Peking.
In a set of television reports of the ARD reproaches were raised again and again that in Kenya doping means are easily accessible and there is to be substantial mentality of the sport fraud.
IOC member Richard Pound demanded last a similar investigation in Kenya, as it had employed it in the Russian track-and-field events.
It could be proven that in this kind of sport surface covering and systematically one doped.
Of Russia light athlete thereupon excluded from the summer games.
Salzburger “west Side story” with Cecilia Bartoli
In the Shakespeare year the Salzburger of festivals presents the “west Side story” with Tony and Maria as tragic lovers, similarly as Romeo and Julia.
Also with it a surprising Cecilia Bartoli.
A musical conquers Salzburg: the “west Side story”, Leornard of amber masterpiece.
The artistic chief Cecilia Bartoli wanted to bring the musical into the temple the classical period and fulfilled themselves with the role Maria a youth dream.
In the orchestra pit Simón Bolívar orchestra under line of the venezonalischen conductor Gustavo Dudamel: “This music is full rhythm”, swarms it.
We always say that them are very Latin American coined.
There are many Latin American ingredients in its speed and its melody.
It is a marvelous mixture, the perfect the recipe for our orchestra.
I would say that we have amber music really in our blood!
In this production Bartoli plays older Maria become.
It remembers with nostalgia its affair with Tony, while younger Maria plays and dances.
The role Maria always fascinated me.
First of all because it is in music unusual!
And then there still Marias would be personality.
She says it in her song: “I feel pretty, oh pretty, I feel pretty and witty and bright in such a way”.
It is thus intelligently, naturally also naively, and very passionately.
“Resembles you me much, my Italian character, which I have as a Roman”, laugh Bartoli.
Dudamel is full of the praise for the opera singer: “Cecilia is a marvelous artist.”
It is to be worked so an honour for us with it.
She is tremendously generous humans.
And Bartoli returns the radix complement: “Dudamel is very passionate such an unusual artist and!”
Directs is for it a necessity.
One sees it in everyone its movements, in its views, it is its life!
It is to be able to divide so an enormous opportunity this musical experience with it.
We have both a rather southern temperament, a fire, a passion and also a merry approach to the life, that are at all very important!
For the American director Philip Wm. McKinley is topical the “west Side story”: “In this piece it concerns prejudices and fanaticism.”
Today we have the refugees, at that time the Puertorikaner to New York went, and the New Yorker inhabitants did not want them.
There is the same topics, and they are today just as meaningful as at that time.
59 years later the piece is still relevant.
London schoolgirl, which followed the IS, was killed in Syria
Kadiza Sultana, of three British schoolgirls, which left last year London, in order to follow the IS, died reports according to in Syria.
The lawyer Tasnime Akunjee said that their family experienced several weeks ago from their death in Raqqa, Syria.
That she was killed by a Russian air strike in Raqqa, the stronghold of the group in the country, reported ITV news was assumed on Thursday.
Sultana was 17 years old and died according to its family briefly after it intended to leave the war-ravaged country and return to England.
“One can only hope to hold that the only one property therein lies - when reminder and warning to others that these the risks are, which are connected with it, to go into a theater of war - people from it this decision to ever meet,” Akunjee said.
In February 2015 Sultana and two other schoolgirls from the east of London entered into an airplane direction Turkey and afterwards into a bus to the Syrian border.
Sultanas family was communicated the fact that she married a ISIS fighter in Syria - and within a few months to the widow became.
Reid says, Clinton in the case of an election victory with country as a candidate for highest Gericht will remain
Harry Reid, Anführer of the democrats in the senate, is convinced that the presidency candidate of the democrats, Hillary Clinton will nominate the judge Merrick Garland for highest Gericht.
The republicans in the senate blocked country confirmation since his nomination by Barack Obama in March.
The majority leader in the senate Mitch McConnell is the opinion that the next president will appoint the successor of the deceased judge at highest Gericht Antonin Scalia.
Reid said on Thursday during a telephone conference call that it expects country from Clinton “with certain measure of certainty” to select.
A spokeswoman von Reid said later that he would not have spoken her yet with Clinton whether country would nominate and he speculate.
It praised country and said, to Clintons team for unrest with a new candidate would not provide.
Country is a highest judge for US the court of appeal for the District OF Columbia.
Raid said, republicans the country the nomination blocked, is lackeys and accomplices of the republican presidential candidate Donald Trump.
It provided also fixed, Donald Trump is unsuitable for the presidential office.
Treats wants Nacktkalendar for “women and for men”
The Treats magazine co-operates with the photographer David Bellemere, in order to bring 1970's an Pirelli inspired Kalendar out for 2017.
But in place of famous naked humans they would like to find for its NU Muses Kalendar for 2017 the next generation of top model.
The editor-in-chief von Treats Steve Shaw told us beginning this year that its naked magazine differs from Oldschool Playboys, there “Playboy for men is”.
I make for women.
Apparently is it the opinion that it also does the Kalendar.
“We must return again to the representation of timeless and classical Nackheit, with which both women and men feel well and inspired by these pictures of a female body feel,” said Shaw in a press release to the publication of the Kalendars.
Women will want to participate in this project, because it is a beautiful work of art.
Models can submit their pictures online or personally with open casting call in Los Angeles and New York.
Turkey: Kurdish community counts on mass escape
“Who does not adapt and on packed suit-cases” the presiding of the Gulnear foundation dialogue and world, Ercan Karakoyun praises, sits, says Erdogan.
The Kurdish community Germany counts at short notice on ten thousand protection-searching, which flee from Turkey to Germany.
In the medium term it could become even “some hundred thousand”, believes the association chairman Ali Toprak.
Because of the hard action of Turkish president Recep Tayyip Erdogan after the putsch attempt the Kurdish community Germany expects a mass escape to Germany.
“I count short term on ten thousands, in the medium term on some hundred thousand protection-searching from Turkey in Germany, if the Erdogan regime says the minorities and the democratic opposition further fought”, the association chairman Ali Toprak of the “world” of Friday.
Because the government already covered months ago Kurdish centers with punitive actions, 500,000 Kurds are within Turkey on the escape.
After the defeated putsch still secular and oppositional ethnic Turks would be added.
Many will want to again begin in Europe, if they are continued to suppress in Turkey.
“It cannot be that a state, which accepts even refugees in the own country refugees produced”, it said to Toprak.
The federation boss deplored the purposeful settlement of Syrian Arabs in Kurdish, in addition, in alevitischen cities.
Thus Erdogan wants to increase the departure printing to the remaining Kurds.
“You are the last large minority in Turkey, those Christian Armenian and Greek already in the past hundred years were exterminated or driven out”, said Toprak, who is also CDU member.
The federation boss demanded that the Federal Government positions itself “as sharply as Austria against Erdogan and its supporters”.
Also in Germany take place a “witch-hunt” against Erdogan critics.
I do not feel in the last months for the first time any longer reliably in Germany.
The German branch of the Gul movement fears likewise the escape of many Turks abroad.
More Turk, above all Kurds and oppositionals will look for asylum in Germany.
Stigmatization as Gul supporters destroys teachers and other university graduates the vocational existence.
“Who does not adapt and Erdogan on packed suit-cases, by the way also the Kemalisten and said secular one” praise, sit, to Ercan Karakoyun, chairman of the Gulnear foundation dialogue and education, the “world”.
As the newspaper reports with reference to numbers of the Federal Ministry of the Interior, the Turks already placed the largest group of the people entitled to asylum recognized because of political pursuit before the putsch in Germany.
To the deadline 30 June this 11,386 humans and thus scarcely 29 percent were everything as asylum-entitled appreciative one (39.625).
In this collection before war, poverty or lack of perspectives the fleeing are not.
After the Basic Law are asylum-entitled excluding political, thus from national side, individually pursued.
Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania: “There goes, where it hurts”
Strange Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania: The native ones do not receive anything from the summer election campaign - and the holiday-makers from North Rhine-Westphalia may not select the federal state parliament.
In Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania they understood.
2021 already did not decide the election of the federal parliament again directly in the end summer holidays to take place, the Schweriner parliament at the beginning of the year.
Because dumber than so far it does not go: Summer holidays, heat and election campaign for the Landtag - bites itself.
The native ones, which are to be convinced by the election campaigners, are on vacation.
The most holiday-makers, who are in the country, on Usedom, reproaches or Hiddensee on the way, are not native ones, may thus not the federal state parliament select.
In addition practical problems come: In holidays aides, that hang posters up, are ballons blow up, flyers distribute and in the end voting count out to find only laboriously.
By 4 September 2016, choice and last holidays day, Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania must let past be issued once still election campaign scarcely at the people over itself.
The hot phase, if one can say that at all, began straight.
And it concerns also somewhat: Prime Minister Erwin Sellering, Anführer of a SPD/CDU coalition, must be afraid for his office.
The SPD, since 1998 a strongest party, lies now in surveys clearly behind the CDU.
Becomes exciting, as strongly beginner AfD cuts off and which in the end coalition-suited remains remaining.
Sellering, 66 years old and since 2008 head of government, makes a nearly inconspicuously working election campaign, sieved one from its large posters.
It travels by the country, distributes roses and plauscht a little with the people, as it already his legendarily word-meager predecessor Harald Ringstorff did.
Otherwise soul ring got and gives cold feet chancellor Merkel the debt at blooming the AfD.
Their refugee politics, it “we create” the ascent of the right populists accelerated, which will probably cost it now the beautiful office.
The CDU with their leading candidate, who Minister of the Interior Lorenz Caffier, has already experienced, how it is, if one makes election campaign the wrong time at the correct place.
It invited twice chancellor Angela Merkel to large demonstrations; Merkel election to the Bundestag circle lies in the northeast.
But the target audience did not tune, it was more Norths Rhine-Westphalia, citizen of Berlin and Saxony there than Mecklenburger and West Pomerania.
“There the majority from other Federal states” was probable, complained Vincent Kokert, Secretary-General of the CDU in Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania, recently in the NDR.
But it harms also nobody from other corners of Germany to listen once to Angela Merkel.
Otherwise the northeast CDU does to a large extent without the usual election campaign conditions on market places and before shopping centres with parasols and ballons.
That, then means Kokert, plays only a “subordinated role”.
Also the union noticed that you wegbröselt on the country the basis that it must exert much to find again a wire to the people.
You go it like that to linking, the SPD, the Green: in the widths of the country hardly available.
The advice of the CDU election campaigner Kokert to its fellow combatants is however also exposing: “You must go there, where it hurts, i.e. where humans are: Village festivals, golden weddings, each birthday party must be used”.
Because much stands on the play, Sellering called its SPD now to a particularly engaged election campaign.
In surveys the Social Democrats lay last with 22 percent behind partner CDU (25) and only scarcely before the AfD (19).
With the choice 2011 the SPD had won still clearly with 35,6 percent before the CDU (22).
The Greens, a small party with seven percent in the surveys, might create the leap into the federal state parliament.
They make a modern virtue from the holidays emergency and move their election campaign mostly in the Internet.
“Online election campaign”, calls it the regional chairmen Claudia Müller.
Otherwise go green election campaigners on tracing after native voting citizens among the holiday-makers.
Silke Gajek, the leading candidate, circles straight with a houseboat by the Mecklenburgian seas and finds it also still beautiful.
Their impression: “Choice vacation in Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania is not a punishment”.
B27-Sanierung: Restaurants suffer from blockage
At the speed, with which B 27 one reorganizes, it gives to grumble nothing.
For the responsible persons of the construction work, which begins in the morning at 5.30 o'clock and ends only around 20 o'clock, there is everywhere praise.
“Those made, tell everything rather jaggedly” Elvira Tetzlaff of the jet gas station.
That is a superteam.
There is also no delay.
The building site could be moved at the beginning of the week to the half time according to plan after the south, to at the end of Octobers should everything be finished.
Also the obligingness for the construction work of the responsible persons is praised, about if it concerns the facility from auxiliary entries.
Since the building site hiked on Monday after the south and also the blockage of the Aspergstraße in Ofterdingen was waived and so that also the connection exists to Rottenburg again, the traffic conditions relaxed within the place.
The citizens can drive on now from Ofterdingen from B 27 again reciprocally.
Alternate traffic by the place seems to decrease.
“There it gave partial substantial complaints”, says for the traffic-technical management of the redevelopment responsible person deputy municipal managers to Florian King.
The adjacents resident of brook sentence road, stone salmon route, Hafnerstraße and Weiherrain had to fight with more traffic noise, because many secret means looked for each other and rather trusted their Navi as the sign-posting.
Which led to the fact that some truck in populated areas verfranste itself.
Since also the speed limits were not kept, demanded the community strengthens the measuring vehicle from Mössingen on.
“There were substantial excesses”, say King, which made itself well-informed over the situation times locally.
There two to three per minute were already flashed.
The fastest one was with 77 kilometers per hour in the Tempo-30-Zone on the way.
Since the building site moved on, it became however calmer.
For the businessmen at B 27 it is only a small comfort that for customers from Rottenburg now the road is again open.
Into the cards to look businessmen do not leave themselves gladly.
But that with them to revenue break-downs led B 27-Sanierung, it lets see through everyone, which one asks.
However some more are less concerned and some.
Who has to do with the “end customers” less, thus for other companies produced, for that the redevelopment has hardly consequences.
In addition, also with the car dealership Maier speaks Thomas Sulz of a “at the most easy decrease”, grants that naturally “irregular customers are missing”.
At the strongest shaken the restaurants are along the road.
J. Albert Göhner, Inhaber of the Steakhouse, before times crown, finds clear words.
That already is existence-threatening.
Not only it met it, but all restaurants “hard”.
The customers from Hechingen, Balingen and Rottweil were missing.
We must be glad over each euro revenue.
It numbers the turnover losses on “far over 50 percent”.
The road redevelopment threw its enterprise back “by two years”.
It half of its employees had to dismiss.
If I had a company with 4000 employees and half were to dismiss, had the policy differently reacted.
Instead head of the provincial government Jörg Schmidt answered to a request of Göhner, whether there could be a financial reconciliation, with the reference, the restaurant profits otherwise from the advantages the situation at B 27. Now it must carry just also the disadvantages, which arise as a result of the redevelopment.
Göhner knows from other districts, where something so more generously one handled.
With all complaints Göhner is sure itself that its restaurant will continue.
Finally the family business is settled already since here 1715, refers it to long history.
That other regular customers look in now because of the complicated traffic management less frequently, he can understand.
If one cannot to drive here, it is also elsewhere beautiful.
That its master clientele returns after the end of the repair works again, to it Göhner does not have doubts.
Despite the crises with BSE and bird flu Göhner regards the effects of B 27-Bauarbeiten its customers as the largest crisis, which experienced its restaurant in its history of many years.
Six months construction work, that is already brutal.
Constantly in the name of the fight against terror at laws one screws.
After the recent attacks Minister of the Interior de Maizière submits now a thick safety package.
But which has a tolerance status with terror to do?
And which says the coalition partner to all that?
Thomas de Maizière gives the Versöhner.
All its proposals are “politically reasonable” the coalition partner, say the Federal Minister of the Interior with the conception of its new safety package.
They do not make excessive demands of anybody.
Others, large points were discussed first within the parties.
Also to it I take part.
As a Minister of the Interior is however at results been to it and because of a “attainable consent” within the coalition.
De Maizière let little time elapse after the recent attacks in Wuerzburg and Ansbach, before he presents his conclusions for security in the republic.
Fail for it now however all the more extensively.
Some is already well-known, announced, focused: The fact that a new security authority is to worry about cracking coded communication is not new.
Also not the fact that Germany must convert several European Union-defaults to aircraft passenger data and gun law.
The call to more closed circuit television and staff for the security authorities does not come just as surprisingly.
Partially de Maizière starts a second approach for proposals, which were not to be made with the SPD so far: It wants sympathy advertisement for terrorist groups under punishment to place and to jihadists with double nationality the German passport unbutton.
“That difficult points will be for the SPD”, grant the CDU man.
It hold this nevertheless for reasonable and demand also nothing that has no opportunities at the coalition partner anyway.
De Maizière presents a few new ideas also.
Those have it partly in itself: It plans shortened proceedings for deportation and more possibilities for the arrest of humans before the deportation.
Refugees, who are gotten purposefully in the country, are to let their smartphones check before and Social Media accounts for a security examination to reveal.
With tolerances for rejected asylum seekers it wants to place some still more badly than so far - for instance such, which commit criminal offences or throw their papers away consciously, in order to mask their identity.
Some of it is politically and legally delicate.
Some works also still ill-considered and leaves questions open.
And at some points - with the discrimination of waited one for example - the question arises: What has to do actually with security and terror?
Yes, de Maizière, says is important to differentiate between the topics of refugees and terror.
But it cannot be placed in agreement that the assassins of Ansbach and Wuerzburg were refugees.
In addition many humans worryd themselves in view of the high refugee numbers around security.
And things, which employed humans deeply, did not let themselves exclude just also in election campaign times.
Internal security moved enormously into the focus.
Only the attacks in the neighbourhood: Paris, Copenhagen, Brussels, Nice.
Then the attacks in Wuerzburg and Ansbach.
The disconcertion is large.
And yes, election campaigns line up.
Union and SPD position themselves with the topic internal security from there increasingly.
In the past days it worked between the two parties highly.
Only a mean controversy over the equipment of the Federal Police, then over a security-political idea collection of some union Ministers of the Interior, in which the department heads demand also a Burka prohibition and a break with the double nationality.
De Maizière strives itself also here around conciliatory tones.
From a break with the double passport do not think it anything.
We pacified the discussion in Germany.
It to open again, is not meaningful.
And with a Burka prohibition it has constitutional doubts.
Whether its own package at all corners is verfassungsfest and whether it is actually “reasonable” for the coalition partner, must itself only still show.
It puts some in it, which could provide for controversy.
But also the SPD tries at present to form itself with the topic internal security.
Party chief Sigmar Gabriel signaled only times carefully willingness to have talks and says: “the SPD is ready to talk about everything which contributes to it, security further to increase”.
Still Volkswagen comes through mildly.
Despite Diesel scandal the distribution numbers rise world-wide.
But not in all markets it runs approximately.
With the recall action there is eddy around a term.
Volkswagen starts with the distribution more with restraint into the second half-year.
Of Europe of largest car makers can show in the past course of the year despite the Diesel affair owing to his many brands and some well running markets of a far plus.
But in July the core brand VOLKSWAGEN slacked off particularly in Western Europe and loaded with again the total sale as the enterprise noted in the DAX communicated.
World-wide the brand VOLKSWAGEN sold 1.8 percent of fewer vehicles than in July with 449100 cars the previous year month.
However in Western Europe, to China the second most important market, the sales were 14 percent under the previous year month.
In the domestic market the distribution sagged Germany around nearly a sixth.
Brand distribution boss of Jürgen Stackmann led back the weaker numbers from July particularly to two sales days less into Europe.
Besides it gave a consumer resistance in some nuclear markets by “changed economic basic conditions”.
Apart from the situation around the putsch attempt in Turkey also the British vote loaded approximately to the withdrawal from the European Union, described a spokeswoman.
In the USA, where the exhaust affair escalated first, it is located a likewise far minus to beech.
Large support for VOLKSWAGEN is the Chinese market.
Altogether the own brand mainly concerned that comes Lower Saxony anyway further mildly by the Diesel scandal: After the first seven months only a distribution minus from 0,9 percent stands to 3.37 million vehicles to beech.
Company distribution boss of Fred Kappler could show from January to July of far sales sale.
1.3 percent more vehicles delivered Volkswagen in this time, world-wide 5.904 million.
Volkswagen had manipulated exhaust tests with a software.
Alone in Germany VOLKSWAGEN calls approximately 2.5 million car for re-equipment into the workshops.
In the course of the re-equipment VOLKSWAGEN affirmed that the change of the cars does not have negative effects.
After the re-equipment of the vehicles give it during fuel consumption, CO2 emissions or engine performance to no degradation.
The car maker issues the customer after the re-equipment a “warranty-same” certificate, speak however not of a “warranty”, as it meant on Friday in company sources.
Reason are legal intricacies.
“Focus” had reported, Volkswagen grants to its German customers now nevertheless a warranty for reequipped Diesel models.
On past Monday Volkswagen representatives in the Federal Ministry of Transport would have confirmed this.
From the Ministry of Transport it was confirmed that there was this meeting.
“VOLKSWAGEN has to fulfill the editions of my commission of inquiry and the KBA at full extent.”
“Deviations from it are not accepted”, explained Federal Ministers of Transport Alexander Dobrindt (CSU) according to Ministry.
VOLKSWAGEN took over the warranty that at fuel consumption, CO2 emissions or engine performance after the re-equipment no degradations to take place and all type-approval-relevant vehicle values invariably existence to have.
Volkswagen does not use the term “warranty” however, as it meant in company sources.
With the far term “warranty” sees the possibility to Volkswagen the fact that customers come for example a half year to the re-equipment for instance with a damage to the engine into a workshop - and to the new software to attribute could do this, even if the damage thereby has to do nothing.
Also in the interest of customer is important it to avoid that it comes with any other damage, which does not have to do nothing at all with the exhaust scandal to disconcertion regarding possible guarantee regulations, as it meant.
Therefore do not use VOLKSWAGEN the term “warranty”.
The Raiffeisen bank Gmund at the Tegernsee required of rich savers in the future penalty interest - as second Institut in Germany.
Bank boss Josef Paul said on Thursday: “It concerns only 139 customers, who park 40 million euros on giro or call money accounts”.
The Federal association of German banks speaks of an individual case and sees therein no signal: Normal savers would not have “to fear, for their savings groschens penalty rate to pay”.
Over night with the European central bank (EZB), they must pay their 0.4 percent of penalty rate to camps banks money.
This fee requires the Raiffeisen bank Gmund starting from September von Privat- and Firmenkunden for inserts over 100,000 euros on giro or call money accounts back.
“The first 100,000 euros are free.”
“The next 100,000 costs in the future 400 euros in the year”, said Paul.
He guard for quite some time 40 million euros, which could be taken off from one day on the others and which it could not use.
“Costs” are, said the bank boss with me on the central bank account and cause 0.4 percent.
“I cannot put for each million 4000 euros down.”
Pass the costs on it after the causer pays principle now.
The cash simply in the safe deposits of the Raiffeisen bank lie to let, would be much too dangerous: “I experienced already four assaults, I would not like still fifth! ”, the bank executive committee said.
Most customers would have understanding and changed on other investment vehicles.
Only few moved away to other banks.
The cooperative federation Bavaria explained: “The extreme monetary political course of the EZB causes substantial costs” with all banks.
It alone to carry, is “economically permanently not possible”.
Some German banks increased therefore their fees for account processing, credit cards or transfers.
With penalty interest for inserts starting from three million euros the Thuringians people and Raiffeisen bank Altenburger country with their skat branch bank 2014 headlines had made.
Michael Kemmer, Hauptgeschäftsführer of the bank federation, said: “We do not expect that private customers surface covering repay for inserts pay must, in addition are much too strong the competition in Germany under banks and savings banks”.
A banker said, at the Tegernsee gives it “a clientele, which is somewhat more sumptuously equipped by the fortune”.
“That can become for a small bank the problem”, if she guards money free of charge.
The 1911 created loan bank Gmund has branches in Bad Wiessee, Rottach Egern, Kreuth and Tegernsee.
In the region live well-known actors, sportsman and entrepreneur.
The cooperative federation Bavaria “at present no further banks are well-known, which compute, said a display replacement for inserts of private customers” spokesman Ernst.
The president of the Federal association of the German people banks and Raiffeisen banks (BVR), Uwe merry, had explained at the end of June: “The threshold, into negatives to go opposite the private customer, is very, very high”.
The competition is hard, and the drift from investors threatens to the competition.
The customers in Germany will not leave themselves fallen in the width.
Destination plates: who actually buys records?
Lonely men of middle age love plates.
Before you rush to the comment part, in order to scatter it under the alias NichtAlleEinsamenMännerMittlerenAlters with rough offenses, this statement is derived from current data.
According to YouGov the much-discussed rerising of records is on one does not boom in Millennials, which want to welcome the news of physical articles to attribute but to Midlife nostalgia.
Those, which bought recently a plate, are in all probability in the age between 45 and 54.
Indeed the age group of 18-24 is the most improbable buyer category.
It is also no hordes through hobby collecting tanks - it has an emotional meaning: older disk buyers keep their feelings rather for itself (56% vs. 53%) and enjoy it spending alone time (69% vs. 66%).
But the results of YouGov are correct?
If these blogs a news report on TV were, the camera would follow me, while I run in the midst of a busy road in Soho, a modest grey suit carries and wildly gestuliere, before I stop, my hands to hold and something determining said how: “Thus, you let a closer look on it throw us.”
Thus, you let a view of it throw us.
Even if the heart Sohos loses slowly at its charm - hotels, restaurants and offices fill now the buildings, in which once independent salespersen resided - still gives it a handful of fantastic disk special firms.
I would probably ask the cameraman to switch the camera off for the next part in which I am located and tried in direct proximity to different men in such business to estimate their age and mind by observation.
Stuart from Glasgow, 55, which I of Sister Ray (data's number: two young women, three men of middle age) in the Reckless record (data's number: eight men of middle age, a woman, probably in order the 20) follow, is long one day because of a meeting into London and goes through the business, in order to fill those few hours.
Is it a collecting tank, asks I?
“I estimate already,” say he.
I have approx. 3,000 or 4,000 plates.
These records, above shown (it sent the snapshot to me by email, did not follow I it home), line the walls of its living room.
The reason, why it possesses such a considerable number of albums and singles, is the result of its available income: he now is able to buy plates which it could not afford to buy as it published and again articles which it sold, when it was young and broke.
“Many things, which I buy, are from the late 60ern, early 70ern, which appeared, when I was 11 or 12. ” He says things, with which I was too young probably somewhat, in order to buy her to me.
It agrees that and it adds those, which buy plates, rather introverted are and gladly alone time spend: “I do not smoke and I drink not very much.
That is my vice.
Wez, 25, which works at Sister Ray, believes also that many customers, whom it meets apply to the YouGov profile.
He noticed however also a new wave at people, which are affected by the Medienhpe, people, which heard over the comeback and itself arranges to see to buy again their old plates.
From the discussions, which I led, people got rid of their collection usually in such a way around 1998 or 1999.
Customers, who sold once their plates, in order to buy CDs, sell now their CDs, in order to buy again their plates,” say it.
That will boom at supporters of the disk revival of a certain age to explain.
But which is with the alleged emotional meaning of plates?
It takes only some seconds in a business such as Phonica, in order to recognize that a reassuring community of like-minded ones offers disk business.
According to Wez took some the older customers impact at the contactless payment system.
Some disk fans feel overwhelmed by the digital world and would like to withdraw itself to stability from familiar record coverings, from articles, which evoke happy youthful memories.
“I think, sometimes can it filling an emptiness or the possession of material properties as a kind comfort be,” say Wez.
That is with me as collecting tank like that and I thinks that it is at many people like that.
It is a simple way to be occupied mentally.
“We are like their social workers!” an employee from a disk pack pipes.
A survey of the ICM in April revealed that nearly 50% of the people, which bought last month a plate did not belong it yet.
The survey also found out the fact that 41% possess a record player, which they never use, while 7% those, which buy a plate, does not possess a record player.
At this time the news report I to look probably very anxious, while I leaf by a pile at Bossa new facts compilations.
Jonny, 42, that with sounds OF the university Universities of (data's number: three men of middle age), “aspect of trophy” of the revival works noticed.
“Someone came in only recently here and said: “I do not possess a record player, but I would buy gladly a Radiohead record, so that I can place her in the shelf,” say he.
This is not a large percentage, but it happens definitely.
More produktlastig, less musiklastig.
We have people, which say: “I do not have a record player.”
Those are younger people, not older, which come in only slowly.
Tease, which dedicated nearly a whole floor to the records, a more multicolored audience has, than I go in.
It gives pairs around the 70, tourists, who make photos, tea-gnaw-young and to women of middle age.
Even if the atmosphere roars somewhat less relaxed than into that to business managing specified actual game Beasts of more newly synthesizer and sexbepackter Pop in place of experimental jazz from the loudspeakers - it to see is good, such a diversity at the customers.
None of them looks particularly lonely, but gnawing psychological traumata can be recognized with difficulty, if one stands beside someone 30 seconds long.
Elanora, 27, runs around for some minutes in the business and regards the variety of the plates standing to the sale.
It makes rather one shop window-strolls as a bulk buying.
She does not earn much, therefore collecting plates is not a real option, says it.
It costs much.
It is to be heard easily music by a computer or on other way, but the beauty of plates is…” it drives off with a sigh fallen in love.
I do not know, as I it to explain am - it is really singular.
My last stop is a business, by which it is said that a new generation of disk lovers is to have inspired: Urban Outfitters.
While I give the appearance to examine the jeans hot pant I observe a group of young tea gnawing girls, who group themselves for one moment around Polaroid cameras, before a father and its daughter consider themselves, a Crosley record players to buy.
To linking is a stairway, a wall of full plates of ennobles, Jeff Buckley, Amy Winehouse and Fleetwood Mac: a mixture of contemporary music and classical authors, the essential plates for an average collection.
Nobody sees itself it to on perhaps, because they are only purely decorative, some so far above that it is impossible to touch her.
It is pure “disk art”.
But considering its that for the industry it means each attraction for these articles more funds and into the depths Sohos for more fancy would know some customers, it does not give it to anything, in order to weight.
It is not a surprise that a subpopulation, which has more time and money than others is also that, which spends at most on luxury articles such as plates.
Even if my investigations showed that results of YouGov are correct, leave it, at least in disk business in Soho, which large number of female collectors and disk lovers, which exist in the reality, disk business and in online forums, unconsidered.
These humans work probably hard at school or in offices.
They do not spend their Thursday tomorrow with security with strolling by disk business of Berwick Street and leafing by plates, while they avoid the staring view uncanny, 30-year old wrong moderator, which rises over the shoulders nothing suspecting men of middle age.
The Greenland shark is the longest living vertebrate animal - video report
Say more scientifically that the Greenland shark has the longest life-span of all vertebrate animals on the planet.
Julius Nielsen, who examines sharks, says that the record was with a female, of whom is gone out that it is five meters long between 272 and 512 years old and
French court rejects offer over outline of business in the jungle refugee camp
A French court an offer of the authorities in Calais rejected to pull down dozens of provisional business and restaurants in the jungle of Calais, in which thousands of refugees lives.
During a court hearing this week argued the authorities in Calais that the state should be authorized to pull down 72 provisional business in those people within the camp goods, from cigarettes to Energydrinks, sell, hairdresser services offer or tea for 50 cent (40 pence) or simple meals for a few euro in provisional restaurants sell.
The prefecture Calais argued that these places should to be pulled down, because they would represent a parallel economy, from which no taxes would be paid and which a fire and a medical risk to save.
Humanitarian groups communicated to the court that the business and restaurants were important, since the free meals, which are offered by the by the state supported combination and other groups, would offer not sufficient food for the increasing numbers in the camp.
They implemented beyond that the provisional business and restaurants would often offer accommodation and free meals for people in emergency.
A court in Lille decided that there would be no legal basis for the classification of people, which operate the 72 provisional business but granted that the doubts of the prefecture of Calais were absolutely comprehensible “.”
The judge Jean-François Molla said that the grocer's shops, cafés and restaurants would play a much larger role, than nourishing only people, “in extremely precarious conditions lives.”
He said that the ranges offer calm meeting places between refugees and volunteers.
One of the places, which was threatened by pulling down, was the Jungle Book Kids' café of the camp, which is gemeinnnützig operated and 200 meals at the day, English and French classes as well as a consultation to asylum things for the hundreds of persons under age in need of protection and unaccompanied in the camp offers.
More than 170,000 humans signed the petition, in order to protect the Kids' café.
In a letter to the Guardian it that the locking would be “for these children of a disaster, was called the recent eight years from those is old.”
The two relief organizations Help Refugees and L'Auberge of the migrant estimated on Friday that the number in the jungle camp of the living persons had risen to over 9.000 people - the highest number up to now - after a steep increase of newcomers in the course of the summer.
Despite olympia disappointment: Martin remains aggressive
Despite its disappointing appearance in the olympic time trial professional cyclist Tony Martin wants not to be able to be brought down.
“I keep the far WM in the view, remain confident and continue to fight”, wrote the 31-year old on Thursday before its departure from Rio de Janeiro with Facebook.
An explanation for its miserable twelfth place to sugarloaf does not have it.
“Me it falls honestly said heavily to commentate the time trial from yesterday to”, meant Martin.
It must analyze in peace, which reasons would have led to the debacle.
With the Zeitfahr WM in October in Qatar Martin wanted to actually fight around the title.
“I will look at myself everything exactly, which we changed lately.”
“To it also my position” counts, wrote the threefold time driving world champion, who had lost than three minutes on olympia winner Fabian Cancellara (Switzerland) on Wednesday on 54.5 km more.
Olympia: Tennis professional victory mouth misses semi-finals
The triumphant advance of Laura Siegemund ended in the quarter final of Rio: The Weltranglisten-32. from Metzingen missed by a 1:6, 1:6 against Monica Puig (Puerto Rico/WTA NR.
34) the semi-final of the olympic tennis tournament clearly.
Victory mouth, which was troubled by back problems, could get through their impact only once and worked compared with the previous rounds powerlessly.
On Thursday still medal hope had Angelique Kerber (Kiel/No. 2) the opportunity on the leap into the semi-final.
The Australian open winner met the Briton Johanna Konta (No. 10).
As a last German tennis professional Tommy Haas had gotten 2000 in Sydney a medal (silver).
It had last given two German DTB starters in the quarter final of summer games 1992.
Ever a German duo did not stand in an olympic single semi-final.
Company enters with start UP for live Videospielübertragungen
Other people when playing video games to watch, is a giant trend - from it also Microsoft wants to profit.
The technology group buys the start UP Beam, which specialized in this hobby.
How much money for the assumption flows, Microsoft did not communicate on Thursday.
Beam went with its offer only in January to the start and has already more than 100,000 users.
They can watch others when playing, in addition, intervene even.
For example they can give the players missions up and confront enemies as well as make articles of equipment available.
The play giant Activision Blizzard starts a new HD video service for those booming world of the it haven.
On the way to the global medium event Facebook is to help.
The advertising industry listens attentively already.
The employees of the starting UPS, which has its seat so far in Seattle in the US Federal State Washington, move to Microsoft head office in California Redmond, how Beam joint founders and - boss of Matt Salsamendi communicated.
For the customers nothing is to therefore change by the assumption.
Beam is integrated approximately according to Microsoft into the video game department around the Xbox console.
The market of the live Streamings of video game activities grows at present rapidly.
Well-known platforms are Twitch and YouTube Gaming.
Twitch was in the year 2014 by the online reseller Amazon was bought - for nearly a billion dollar.
YouTube Gaming belongs to the Google mother alphabet.
Here the Enforcement Trailer comes
Of Germany speeder speedometers must adjust themselves to the next generation: In different Federal states, among other things in Hessen and Brandenburg, new flash appartuses are tested, which would run over Temposünder particularly effectively are.
The futuristically working Enforcement Trailer of the company Vitronic from Wiesbaden can be used for example at points of most frequent accidents, where it would be too dangerous for a mobile measurement by the police.
For example in motorway construction places or to reorganizing bridges with temporary speed limit there is often no necessary infrastructure, in order to provide there with a stationary Blitzer for the adherence to the speed limit.
A permanent mobile structure can be however too dangerous or complex.
The Enforcement Trailer is self-sufficient: Its accumulator holds five days, which become drop data coded over a modem transferred with continuous measuring enterprise.
With laser measuring technique can besides all vehicles over several traces are away at the same time seized.
Variable speed limits as well as passage prohibitions after time, lane and vehicle class can be likewise supervised.
In the raised condition to move one knows the supporter according to manufacturer with each car with trailer coupling.
So that he is not simply stolen, he is lowered in the measuring enterprise, so that the wheels in the armored and by the way also bulletproof outer hull disappear.
In addition an inserted alarm installation is to protect the Blitzer against vandalism.
Since 2015 the Trailer is tested according to information by Vitronic in different Federal states and also used meanwhile.
Also foreign authorities flash with the new technology: Recently France after-ordered 100 pieces, after an order of 150 pieces last year.
Great Britain gets silver in the 7-er rugby, after Fiji Masterclass gold gets
The impressing achievement of Great Britain with the 7-er rugby came in the final on Thursday evening to an abrupt stop with the last hurdle in form of the Fijis, when they were struck here with a result of 43-7 in the Deodoro stage in Rio.
Fiji gave a master class in the handling, Side Stepping, advancing, line run and raw strength, in order to win gold - their first olympia medal of any color.
The defeat was sweetened by not too the comfort small comfort the silver medal - of Great Britain fourth on this day - and they could be quite proud on their efforts in this tournament, in that them New Zealand, Argentina and South Africa struck.
The clear defeat of the Boks, 7-5 in the semi-final on the same day could drop back to it in the final.
But independently of it Fiji would have struck with this form a 15-Mann-Team in best form.
It could be for GB a comfort - however will it probably non that at least a Britisher tomorrow a gold medal around its neck to hang to have: Fijis coach Ben Ryan, the former boss for England from Wimbledon.
GB had a difficult way behind itself.
Before eight years they lost each play under Ryan with Adelaide Sevens.
Here they lost only one.
This setback will hurt, but the progress is amazing.
Fiji began wonderfully and let the attacks GBs out joke reflects.
It felt for the captain Tom Mitchell and CO. on, as if one would run into driving buses. The World Series winner went to 5-0 upward, when Osea Kolinisau in the corner rüberhechtete.
With still four minutes play time deleted to Jerry Tuwai still another further attack from the right corner, which it converted.
12-0 and GB hardly the ball touched.
A hevorragender Tackle of Mitchell stopped the mountain of man Leone Nakarawa a third gate to obtain, but it only stopped Fiji.
In the seventh minute lete Jasa Veremalua in the right corner a touchdown and it stood for 0-17 for GB.
Nakarawa added a new since the rekickoff and it gave still over one minute play time… in the first half.
Vatemo Ravouvou tore by further weak TAC-sounds the GB team and stormed up to the line, in order to make a gate.
The transformation brought 29-0 up to the break.
It is, as if Fiji would be was born to play the 7 while GB learns still.
So is it also.
GB accomplished basic changes to the half time and closed the fijianische gap… for whole four minutes, which for conditions of the first half time was good, until Josua Tuisova went through after a brillianten Zwischenplay of Fiji.
Dan Norton started an attempt for GB, made a touchdown in the left corner for 36-7, but the play ran for a long time in favor of the South Seas islanders, whose fan sang, flags swivelled and danced on the grandstand.
It was to be admired not heavily the playful approach Fijis.
Mata Viliame set the i-Tüpfelchen with a further attempt in the last seconds.
The whistle sounded, the Fijis embraced themselves and GB kicked destroying struck in the lawns.
In former times on the day Fiji Japan in the semi-final with 20-5 had defeated and Great Britain pushed South Africa in a scarce semi-final match from running - of Great Britain transformation of the difference.
Kyle Brown brought the Boks in the first half forward, but Dan Norton broke through the line with an impressing foot work and obtained a gate under the posts in the second half.
A brilliantes late TAC-sound from Marcus Watson, to the brother of Anthony of the English 15-Aside team, secured the profit - and with it the silver medal.
Helen Glover and Heather Stanning by fight with the cancer of the coach to the rudder victory inspire
It no emotinaleres gold as with these plays will give and that wants which is called.
There from the first stroke to last, 220 hard heave, which enter history, Helen Glover and Heather Stanning found an additional meaning in its golden moment at the Estacio to Lagoa.
Even if only the two were, which sat at the rudder, there were three voices in the boat. The echo of the coach Robin Williams, was all-present as it to the second olympia gold in two without tax woman in consequence rowed, the first women in the history of the British sport, which put such a standard.
Their dominance was absolutely, nevertheless its 39.ter unbeaten employment, which is likewise unprecedented.
Which we see are two brilliante athletes, who slide over the surface with the elegance of swans, which does not reflect the kind of the triumph to entirety.
Behind each gold in rowing a battalion does not put those for on willing aides, that contribute to the incremental progress, the difference constitutes and it was more helpful anybody than the coach, who did not know 30 months ago whether he would survive this day at all, when with him cancer was diagnosed.
As he said, he which riskily.
I had bladder cancer, that am operatable and did her.
If you do not do that, he spreads everywhere.
It would have been rather bad situation.
It changes a little the view.
William one made a diagnosis in December 2013.
The trio had luck that it were treatment at the beginning of 2014, outside of which season could begin, which held the interruption a minimum, if under such circumstances at all the correct term is.
I needed money, therefore I had to be soon again better.
It was an incentive.
I was in the hospital and ran around on the station - 20 foot, 30 foot, 50 foot at a time, when they said that some steps would be sufficient.
Thus it begins.
Rowing actually is already a challenge, but it makes a still more larger.
In the immediacy of the victory went their first thoughts to William, who spent a nerve-racking morning thereby somewhat more than otherwise to talk and thus tried to process its own fears.
Stanning, which was as a captain in the Royal Artillery regiment in use in Afghanistan, said “I was this week an emotional wreck. That is perhaps somewhat extreme, but it means so much.”
It repeats only, how much me that means, how much I and Helen and also Robin worked.
Were three fantastic years with Helen and Robin.
Without Robin we would not be anybody, therefore goes a massif thanks to it. He is a best coach of the world.
I could myself have wished no better person for training or a better coach.
Helena Glover and Heather Stanning lost no running in the last five years.
The pair had a hard rhythm, with which their opponents could not keep up.
Even in the last 500 meters, as the teams from New Zealand and Denmark, had Stanning and Glover began to unlock too much in reserve.
We were very for the moment imprisoned.
Helen called “remains in the process, remains in the process”.
It is really important not to be able to be drug along.
We had a good start and at the same time were we not out to make something great.
We wanted today no fireworks, we wanted simply a good result to obtain, go out and a running to win, which we also did.
The pair will take itself for one year a time-out, before it will make decisions over its future.
Glover must appear next week on a wedding, their own with the TV-adventurer Steve Backshall.
Now it wants to enjoy simply the moment.
I did not want to say that my last running was.
That would have meant too much pressure.
In London it took approximately six months, in order to understand that I am an olympia winner.
It was everything so again for me and I was in such a way stressed.
Here it took approx. four minutes.
That feels so much better,” said it.
31 years long exemplary provided for clarity
The managing director of the water special purpose association “Veitensteingruppe”, Ruppert Göller, goes into the retirement.
The federation is considered as “Bavaria far exemplary”.
A small Frankish drinking water special purpose association as model for the large water producers.
Thus it meant some time ago in the original soundtrack in a contribution of the Bavarian broadcast.
The water forum a little later appreciated the special purpose association of the government of Lower Franconia.
The work of the Veitensteingruppe is considered “Bavaria far as exemplary”.
Behind all Rupert Göller, who was 31 years in the special purpose association employee, of it stands 28 years as a managing director.
Now he was discharged at the age by 65 years into the retirement.
The drinking water special purpose association of the Veitensteingruppe with seat in Kottendorf, community Breitbrunn, promotes annually about 150000 cubic meters water and supplies 32 places and Weiler with approximately 5500 inhabitants.
Member communities are the communities Kirchlauter, Breitbrunn, loud, Ebelsbach and building after city.
For further cities and communities there are water supply contracts.
The current chairman, Breitbrunns mayoress Gertrud Bühl (L.G.), reminded of the fact that Rupert Göller was adjusted 1985 as water-waited and 1988 were already appointed the managing director of the special purpose association.
“Its tasks were and them extended very variously from the building of water pipelines and maintenance work over office and organization activities, the budget production, calculation of fees and contributions up to emergency employments on weekends”, said the chairman.
As outstanding events it called start-up and inauguration of the new wells (1994), property purchases in the range of the new wells (1998) and compensation of the farmers, the redevelopment the elevated tank (1999), the new acquisition of a central computer control (2004) and the divisor innovations of water pipelines.
It gave no stop and took up one innovations again and again, because water life means and drinking water the most important food is.
In their encomium praised it Göllers to faithful, reliable and correct service over 31 years.
It exerted itself with much heart blood for its water special purpose association and it the water special purpose association proper lived, as if it would be its own enterprise.
Few weeks ago it was allowed to present Lower Franconia as genuine practitioners the success concept of the Veitensteingruppe for nitrate lowering before the water forum of the district.
But it received very much acknowledgment and praise.
Rupert Göller for his part praised water-waits Alfons Griebel, who had co-operated 28 years with him.
It is water-waited the best and it was a faithful Knappe.
Together we were an unbeatable team.
High points from its view it called well digging and the restructuring of the special purpose association.
The largest challenge and the most difficult employment were however the pipe burst at the elevated tank with Kirchlauter on 3 January.
Here had at minus 17 degrees through the whole night will work, so that the localities could be supplied with water.
Also one once only could maintain the supply of Neubrunn, because one filled the elevated tank from Pettstadt with hoses.
The management of the drinking water special purpose association was handed over to that at Daniel Stürmer from loud, the follow-up of Rupert Göller start.
The soprano singer Anna Netrebko deals openly with the autism of its son Tiago - and contacts other parents concerned: “You must have the courage to speak about it.”
“The medicine made, said large progress” the 44-year old Italian newspaper “Corriere della Sera”.
When the illness was recognized with its son, it believed, she must die.
The in the meantime eight-year old Tiago progressed however well and learns now privately in New York, where it gives the best therapists.
To give “around an example: If I ask it somewhat, what is past two years, when I sang at la scala, reminds he of nothing”, said themselves Netrebko.
But it is happiest humans on Earth.
Tiago originates from Netrebkos connection with the bass-baritone Erwin Schrott.
It is now married with the tenor Yusif Eyvazov.
Relationship act in saving heath - man shoots at partner
A 35-year old man shot her on Friday around 10.45 o'clock in a multi-family house in saving heath (circle Stormarn) at his Partnerin and mortally injured.
“The man called even with us and indicated its partner to have shot”, said a police spokeswoman.
The perpetrator is on the escape, after him is publicly searched.
Meanwhile country widely, because Sven S. could be with the car on the way.
The man is about 1.80 meters largely, muscular, brown and has a bald head.
Meanwhile the police published a photo of it.
It is however a few years old.
In the meantime the man carries a bald head.
The man is not to be addressed directly.
It can carry still the weapon with itself, so the police.
Who sees Sven S., is the 110 to call.
The police speaks of a “relationship act”.
The victim is class 1988, the perpetrator 1981.
The responsible police in Luebeck wanted to make first no information on the circumstances of the offence or the relationship between perpetrators and victims; it confirmed however that humans had been killed.
“This concerns a homicide.”
“We say, said more at present not” a police spokeswoman in Luebeck.
According to eye-witnesses was a special employment command (SEK) at the scene.
Steel - ray of hope for German steel industry
The crisis-shaken and energy-intensive German steel industry remains spared by additional costs in million height.
Financial burdens, which threatened the industry from the green electricity promotion, are from the table.
It remains with the liberation from the renewable energy allocation with the inventory plants for so-called own electricity production in the German steel industry, said Federals Minister for Economic Affairs Sigmar Gabriel (SPD) to the “West German general newspaper” (WAZ, Friday edition).
“I am really glad over the fact that we could reach after two years of tough negotiations finally.”
The European commission had therefore first planned, the steel manufacturers, which use gases from the blast furnace for generation of current for own consumption to ask to the cash.
The steel industry threatened according to the German branch federation additional costs of 120 to 240 million euros per year.
Gabriel said the WAZ, it gives now a principle agreement with the European Commission after discussions with competition commissioner Margrethe Vestager.
Only if the generators in the steel plants are replaced, result an EEG allocation of 20 percent.
In addition, this is not raised in the steel industry.
The IG metal welcomed the agreement of Germany with the European Commission for own power generation.
Thus one fix to the status quo of the past regulation to a large extent.
Special meaning has the successful effort of Gabriel for the steel industry.
“Regarding our campaign 'steel is future' is that a first step.”
“Further ones must follow.”
“Also with the reform of the emission right trade climatic and occupation goals are to weigh”, explained IG Metal boss Jörg Hofmann in Frankfurt.
The steel industry in Europe suffers since the financial crisis 2008 under over-capacities and a substantial price pressure.
Last year the situation continued to intensify, than the world largest producer country China threw domestic demand in great quantities in view of that slacking off steel on the world market.
European manufacturers accuse price dumping to Chinese steel concerns.
In the course of this spring the situation relaxed somewhat.
On the one hand imposed import duties point to import steel effect, on the other hand the economic prospects in China became brighter.
Is unclear, how lasting the price recovery is.
The German top of the line Thyssenkrupp remained careful on Thursday.
The prices would have again rather stagnated last.
The industry reacts to the difficult situation with further reductions of costs.
Thyssenkrupp did not want to exclude thereby last also locking of individual works.
In the German steel industry at the end of 2015 approximately 86000 humans was busy.
In July the German steel manufacturers remain careful despite rising prices and increasing orders.
They produced well six percent less rawsteel than in with 3.4 million tons the previous year month, as the trade association communicated steel on Friday.
After a short increase in May the manufactured quantity decreased now the second month one behind the other.
Since beginning of the year production is by two percent under the previous year's value.
The federation counts in the coming months owing to an improved situation concerning orders on a rising output.
Community, spirit, health: Sing do seniors well
Singing already accompanied Ursel Kipp their whole life: As a young girl it was in the school choir, in the teaching profession study occupied it the subject music, and today the 78-year old in a senior choir sings.
“Singing moves me - emotional and physically”, it describes.
For a sample it feels balanced, merrily and altogether more alive, says themselves it.
Completely besides she does thereby to her health and her spirit of something property.
Because singing is directly from several perspectives a great hobby for seniors, says Erhard Hackler of the German senior league.
Most seniors sing in the choir and divide with like-minded ones the joy in the music, describe Hackler.
By regular gathering seniors can social contacts attach and maintain.
Because frequently social and family structures at the age dissolve, a choir are then an ideal opportunity, in order to spend time with other humans.
This experience made also Ursel Kipp in its choir: To deny themselves “and organize to be able and from each other learn to rely on the others - a choir is a completely special form of gathering”.
To sing Hackler can be arduous in the positive sense, means.
Because seniors train a deep and controlled respiration.
Who demands its lung regularly, does not come also in the everyday life so fast from the breath.
Even if it concerns, the sound of the voice at the age too received, singing is an optimal hobby.
On older humans singing has often a completely special effect, says Ursula Lenz of the Federal Association of Labor of the senior organizations.
In the older generations common singing had a much higher value, it belonged to the everyday life, both at school and in the spare time, explains it.
Lenz observes frequently that singing or hearing songs wakes many memories with older humans, often connected with positive feelings of their youth time.
By song texts and melodies dementia-gotten sick humans particularly remember themselves for a long time past events.
When singing the head besides a special achievement is demanded, explains Lenz.
To concentrate at the same time on the own voice and on a given rhythm and adapt thereby to the other singers - that is a large cognitive challenge.
Straight older humans, who live alone, practice in such a way, not to only concentrate on itself.
Another positive aspect is the acknowledgment, which one experiences by singing in the choir, means Hackler.
An enthusiastic audience is great praise.
Also the self-esteem grows by singing in the choir.
To be it shown: If I practice for a long time for something, I become better and exceed over me - this experience strengthens.
, In order to begin with singing, there are good reasons thus enough.
Who wants to try a new hobby out, should not hesitate - even if he means to have little talent guesses/advises Lenz.
One does not sing alone - with 50 singing humans, who hears there already, if times a tone goes beside it?
In the search for the suitable offer have seniors different possibilities, says Hackler.
If someone sings from the circle of acquaintances in a senior choir, one can follow simply.
In addition many cities offer overviews of the choirs in the environment.
Who would like to sing in a church choir, can contact directly the community or the church chief.
One finds many senior choirs also over the Internet.
Who does not have an entrance to the Internet, the family, friends or neighbour can ask for assistance with the Internet search.
Who has desire to sing, should themselves absolutely a choir attach, guesses/advises Hackler.
Sing does to the soul well and has something release - is valid for each age.
Cats react more sensitively than tomcats to cries of the young animals
Biologists examined in Hanover, calling cat babies has which effect on adults of animals.
To their surprise the miaow did not let also the males cold - however they always behaved in contrast to the females equal.
Female cats can recognize the excitation degree of cat babies by the miaow of the small ones.
They react by ten percent faster to sounds of kittens, which believe themselves in large emergency, as scientists of the veterinary university and the medical university found Hanover out (MHH).
Tomcats react also to the calls of kittens - however always same.
“Obvious are important the acoustic differences between the miaow of less and strongly excited young animals for the males either not perceptibly or not”, said the biologist Wiebke Konerding of the MHH.
It is Erstautorin of the study, which was published on this Friday in the specialist journal “BMC Evolutionary Biology”.
In a previous investigation the researcher team had already found out that the duration and pitch of the kitten cries with the urgency of their assistance neediness differ.
Altogether nine adults tomcats and eight Kätzinnen from the animal husbandry of the MHH were observed.
Them on the one hand calls were played by small ones, which were taken for three minutes from the throw box and separated from mother and brothers and sisters.
On the other hand they were confronted with cries by more strongly excited kittens, which were additionally raised.
The researchers consider their results despite the small sample meaningful.
“All females, even those, which had still no own new generation, reacted differentiated to the cries”, said Konerding.
They turned faster to the loudspeaker, if these calls of the very much more excited kittens played.
This ability is possibly innate or develops with sexual maturity.
“A surprise was that the males reacted, said at all” the biologist.
In the past scientists already several times examined the reactions of women and men with humans for baby noises.
Also with it some studies that women reacted more sensitively to babies, showed completely equal whether it mothers already were or not, reported the biologist Marina Scheumann.
Podolski seizes with “gala” after Super Cup
Hakan Sükür is in Turkey a football legend.
In Turkey against the former football star Hakan Sükür a warrant of arrest was issued.
Is accused to him to be member of a terrorist group.
For the first time after the putsch attempt important soccer game takes place in Turkey.
Before the duel of the archrivals between Besiktas Istanbul and Lukas Podolskis Galatasaray Istanbul around the Super Cup in Konya the official line is clear: “Business as usual” is announced.
Already with the imposition of the state of emergency after the revolution attempt in July protested the government, which everyday life of common men was not is impaired.
That is not valid however for those, which are suspected, to belong to the movement of the preacher Fethullah Guls which responsible for the putsch attempt one makes.
Also before the football stop is not made.
Against the earlier star kicker Hakan Sükür issued the public prosecutor's office a warrant of arrest.
Therefore is accused to the Sükür meanwhile living in America to be member of a terrorist group.
Sükür should be supporters of the preacher Fethullah Guls, which is made responsible for the putsch attempt by the president Recep Tayyip Erdogan.
First for 90 days imposed state of emergency is valid still until Octobers, actually has on the life of most Turks however as well as no effects.
Generally speaking Erdogan explained the night “democracy guards” on public squares to country on Wednesday for terminated.
The sport actual like the whole country - split into supporters and opponent Erdogans.
Particularly fans of the worker club Besiktas do not rank traditionally among the friends of the president.
Which eint the majority of the Turks however in view of dramatic experiences in history, is the strict refusal of military coups.
There itself even are the fans united - no matter whether their heart for Galatasaray or Besiktas strikes.
With Cup winner “gala” will arrive it particularly Lukas Podolski.
The Cologner proved its sporty value in the season run off: With 17 gates and nine templates in all competitions terminated the 31-year old his first play time as Topscorer of his club.
In the final game against Fenerbahce it obtained the 1:0-Siegtreffer.
The newspaper “Fanatik” cheered it: “It was the best one at the place.”
It concluded the season in outstanding way and its crew the cup secured.
Owing to “Poldi” the disappointing season for the record master found a conciliatory conclusion.
After the preliminary round K.o in the champions League the “lions” were ruled out also in Europes League early.
In the Süper Lig it was enough only to rank six.
The season was not good.
The cup was the only possibility of winning something.
“That we created and that are the most important”, said Podolski.
For masters Besiktas ran the play year better.
Particularly owing to Mario Gomez, that with 26 season hits as Süper Lig top scorer the basis to 14. Title put.
That is also the reason that the fans of far hope for the return of the 31-year old.
And the Gomez only standing with the AC Florence had announced under contract lent at Besiktas after the putsch attempt to return because of the political situation in the country after its European championship-vacation not.
“If Mario to us to come nevertheless wants to only say, must it”, quoted the specialist journal “kicker” club boss of Fikret Orman.
In addition would have the striker to be however ready to do without approximately a third of its yearly salary estimated on 7.5 million euros got straight Orman: “Its content with Florence we cannot pay”.
Despite doping: These athletes have still medal opportunities with Olympia in Rio
34-year old Justin Gatlin was already twice because of doping (2001 and 2006) closed.
Rio de Janeiro - Whistleblowerin Julia Stepanowa may not start in Rio.
Other transferred track-and-field events Sünder can only laugh at it - they fight in Rio for medals.
The topic doping still determines the headlines with the Olympic Games in Rio.
The Russian swimmer Julija Jefimowa, who had sued for itself after a doping barrier their starting right shortly before the plays, was booed and booed with their start (100 meters of chest) merciless.
A bizarre scenery was offered: With a put on smile it was strutted and with their appearance had provoked still into the hall.
As if that it will not get gold, fallow the audience was certain into a jubilation tower out.
But there are still numerous further sportsmen, who go despite doping past with the Olympic Games into Rio to the start.
Here an overview:
Justin Gatlin (100, 200, 4x100-m-Staffel/USA): The 34-year old belongs to the most disputed figures in the track-and-field events.
It was already two times because of doping closed (2001 and 2006 to 2010).
Since his spell the olympia winner runs from 2004 and ex-world champion even still faster than before, he is over 100 m in 9.80 seconds the number one of the world and is considered than largest challenger of Usain Bolt.
Shelly Ann Fraser Pryce (100, 4x100-m-Staffel/Jamaika): The twice olympia winner and sevenfold world champion had 2010 a six-month barrier to serve, after you were proven the income of the pain killer Oxycodon.
It had, defended themselves strong toothache after an operation the 29-year old.
Sandra Perkovic (discus/Croatia): 2011 were positively tested the olympia winner the stimulant means methyl hexane amine forbidden by 2012, world champion of 2013 and European champion from 2010 to 2016 on.
Perkovic denied the knowing income and became six months closed.
The four furthest throws in this year go on the account the large gold favorite.
LaShawn MER ride (200, 400, 4x400-m-Staffel/USA): The Peking olympia winner and twice world champions over 400 m, 2010 were positively tested and 21 months closed.
A means for penis enlargement was responsible, protested MER ride.
In this year the 30-year old over 200 and 400 m is the fastest man of the world.
Iwan Tichon (hammer throw, Belarus): Probably hardly so many medals were later denied to an athlete.
Thus lost TIC-hone his WM-title of 2005 nine years later, after with it testosterone doping was determined.
The meanwhile 40-year old had besides olympia silver 2004 because of steroid doping and the European championship-title 2006 because of testosterone abuse to deliver.
2008 it received the likewise denied bronze medal of the Olympic Games due to a judgement of the international sport Court of Justice CAS back.
With 80,04 m it is on rank two of the world rankings.
Liu Hong (20 km going, China): The Weltrekordlerin and gold favorite were only tested positively in May, may start however nevertheless in Rio.
With the 29 years old world champion referring to the income of forbidden food supplements were found, the barrier of the world Anti-doping agency WADA failed mild and ran off already on 13 July.
Terror bombing in Thailand - Austrian injured - several dead
The Austrian message in Thailand stands with the woman in contact, said the spokesman of the State Department, Thomas Schnöll, Freitagfrüh.
It suffered cuts and was treated in the hospital, this however already again leave could.
Their journey home planned it for at the beginning of Septembers.
Whether by the further explosions on the holiday-maker island Phuket are affected as well as in the southern cities Surat Thani, catch Nga, Trang and Chumphon likewise Austrian citizens, is for the time being still unclear.
The State Department is located in this connection in constant contact with the local authorities, thus to Schnöll.
In approximately 200 kilometers south the capital Bangkok the convenient Hua had exploded first on Thursday evening in a going out quarter of two bombs.
According to police one Thailänderin were killed and about 20 humans were injured, among them the Austrian, three Germans, three Dutchmen and three Italians.
Friday-early then again two explosive devices went highly, according to the authorities further humans were killed.
Also of Phuket in the early a bomb explosion was announced.
With the explosion in the proximity with holiday-makers bath beach Patong liked after police sources a cab driver were injured.
In Surat Thani at the southeast coast of the country exploded then a further bomb, which killed an urban employee.
The explosive device went according to the authorities in a flower bed before the district of the coastal police into air.
Finally still explosions in catch Nga and Trang at the southwest coast as well as in Chumphon at the southeast coast demanded several injured ones.
One proceeds from a connection with the explosions in Hua, it was said.
“The bomb assassination attempts carry the same handwriting”, said army general Danai Kritmethavee Friday-early before journalists.
“We assume it concerns a coordinated attack.”
It is too early, in order to express itself to possible motives - probably concern it however the acts of Muslim rebels.
Also Thai media wanted to recognize a sample, which is typical for the bomb assassination attempts of Muslim separatists in the south of the country with the attacks.
The Thai police however explained, the assassination attempts would not stand in connection with the Islamist rebellion movement or with the international terrorism.
“That is limited only local sabotage, to limited areas and provinces”, said themselves a spokesman in Bangkok.
One assumes rather the bombs were put by opponents of the dominant military junta.
The authorities would have received secretofficial referring to forthcoming attacks in the south of the country in the past days - however they had not been informed about the exact time and the places.
Still is unclear, which puts group behind the attacks.
The police instructed its officials generally speaking country, security approximately around important government buildings as well as airports, stations, tourist attractions, to strengthen restaurants and nightclub districts.
In Thailand there are smaller bomb attacks again and again, but are usually not directed it not against tourists.
In Hua lies a palace, which was used over years by of Thailand king Bhumibol Adulyadej.
After the present bomb explosions the Austrian State Department on its homepage recommends to absolutely carry out for the instructions of the Thai security authorities consequence.
High security risk (security level 3) be valid for the provinces Narathiwat, Yala, Pattani and Songhkla as well as Preah Vihear and environment.
After arguments between safety forces and Muslim population parts before not necessary travels into these provinces one advises against.
Increased security risk (security level 2) be valid for the rest of the country.
The attacks on Thursday and Friday were made few days after a disputed referendum by a condition prepared by the military junta.
This grants large influence to the military also in the coming years.
Junta boss and Prime Minister Prayut Chan o cha said, the bombs had been an attempt to donate chaos during itself the country toward stability, an improvement of the economic situation and the tourism move.
The Militärunta, which had seized 2014 after a phase of bloody riots power, grants itself the kingdom again to stability and order to have led.
However also the military did not succeed in getting for years the rebellion of Muslim rebels smoldering in the extreme south of the country into the grasp.
In the conflict already more than 6500 humans were killed.
Scarcely one year ago besides in Bangkok with an attack at a popular Hindu shrine 20 humans had been killed - most of them foreign tourists.
It was the bloodiest attack of the recent history of the country.
The right “Identitäre movement” is in its sights the federal office for protection of the constitution guessed/advised.
After several offices of a federal state also the Verfassungsschützer in the federation placed the group under observation.
“We see reference points for efforts with the 'Identitären movement' against the liberal democratic constitutional structure”, said protection of the constitution boss of Hans-Georg Maaßen of the German press agency in Berlin.
Thus immigrants of Islamic faith are defamed or from the Near East in extremist way.
Therefore we observe the movement now also.
The “Identitäre movement” is a grouping with French roots, which is active since 2012 also in Germany.
It turns against “Multikulti illusion”, “uncontrolled mass immigration” and the “loss of the own identity by foreign infiltration”.
Verfassungsschützer in nine Federal states - Bremen, Bavaria, Hessen, Berlin, Baden-Wuerttemberg, North-Rhine/Westphalia, Lower Saxony, Saxony and Thuringia - observe the “Identitären” already.
Maaßen said, its authority with the decision with the offices of a federal state had closely come to an agreement.
“Groups like the 'Identitäre movement' try to fetch their target audience where it stands, said” the protection of the constitution boss.
Extremists generally try to address it with youth-fair language often with trendy music.
Islamists would do that just like right-wing extremists.
That is not fussy advertisement for the own thing.
Propaganda is to address the people emotional.
Young people are there in special way susceptible.
That is dangerous.
It had last given reports from several Federal states over contacts of the “Identitären” to AfD politicians.
Maaßen said, in addition he did not have realizations.
For the protection of the constitution possible contacts of this kind are only relevant starting from a certain point.
It depends on whether the respective party - in this case the AfD - by certain people, who are extremist, change their objective and become so extremist.
Decisive it is thus whether such people have steering influence on the party.
This is not recognizable.
With view of the clear increase of right-motivated criminal offences and attacks on asylum seekers and refugee accommodation Maaßen, it said in this context not yet again to right terrorism would speak.
But we stated in the past years that there can be rechtsterroristische structures.
There was the group 'old School Society' or the Freitaler group.
It can quite be that further rechtsterroristische groupings or Kleinstgruppen form, which plan attacks against asylum-seekers, against refugee homes or attacks from other right-extremist motives.
A Germany-wide or European-wide control of right terrorism is however not recognizable.
The past groups developed on the regional level or in social nets.
Procured Maaßen expressed itself over the fact that many encroachments went on the account from humans, who had not stepped before in the right scene into feature.
That is the causing concern.
Many the suspects with attacks on asylum accommodation are before not as criminal ones, politically motivated offenders or supporters of the right scene do not admit been.
“Many people committed thus criminal offences, which did not have nothing at all before with right-wing extremists at the hat, who were perhaps politically indifferent or for example CDU, SPD or link to have selected, which tendency-makes itself then however by right-extremist radicalized”.
Rio 2016: Robel Kiros Habte becomes the Internet hit
Always the Olympians or world records do not determine the headlines with the Olympic Games.
That points the courageous appearance of Robel Kiros Habte with the summer games to Rio de Janeiro.
In the Aquatics center swam the easily overweight float from Ethiopia so slowly that it was not to be seen occasionally no more in the TV-pictures.
It disappeared simply - no matter how was far the cutout selected.
In the social networks Habte became following the viral Internet hit.
The 24-year old with a residue of 48 seconds its advance actually terminates and occupied the 59. Place of 59 starters.
It was however rather its not straight sporty figure, which drew the attention of the international media on itself.
Why does the 24-year old at the Olympic Games participate nevertheless?
The Ethiopian got a right of kind of separating from the international swimming federation.
This is distributed, in order to make a swimming in underrepresented countries more well-known.
Since in Äthopien most sportsmen run, Habte wanted to make just something else.
Preparation is everything: Robel Kiros Habte makes itself finished for large running.
The first nicknames made the round fast.
Some media called it “Robel the whale”.
Following a “prosperity belly” the English tabloid made itself “The Sun” with “Dad Bod” over it hilariously.
His time, it fastened only with one minute and nearly five seconds over the 100 meters freestyle, played there no role.
Comparisons with “Eric the Eel” were drawn likewise.
With the Olympic Games 2000 in Sydney the run of Eric Moussambani provided for medial attention.
The appearance of the float from Equatorial Guinea was unforgettable, when it had to begin in an advance over 100 meters freestyle alone.
Frenetically Moussambani was encouraged at that time.
The at that time 22-year old learned to swim only eight months before Olympia and before the match never a so long distance had completed.
A seat in the foremost row for the architecture breath-taking of the central library of Los Angeles
Experience more over the history of the central library in the city center, since the Society OF Architectural Historians/Southern California Chapter holds a salon with Arnold Schwartzman and Stephen Gee, the authors of the new book “lot Angeles Central LIBRARY: A History OF its kind and Architecture”.
It is intended the fact that Gee and Schwartmann pictures of the 1926 Bertram Goodhue design as well as the 1993 Restoration and addition of Hardy Holzman Pfeiffer Associates discuss and will divide.
The salon is for 21 August of 14.00 to 16,00 in the Salle modern trend in the kind Deco Southwestern School OF Law, (formerly Bullocks Wilshire), 3050 Wilshire Blvd. set.
Visitors know the central hall, who style rooms, Kaktuslounge and the tea salon to visit.
Only advance booking tickets; SAH/SCC of members, $ 15; Non-members, $ 25.
An open industrial LOFT in DTLA receives cosy Makeover
We celebrate the 90.ten birthday of the central library of L.A. also - which otherwise? - a new book
Geretsried - the owner of a shop at the new place was robed.
According to the police the 67-year old Geretsriederin had left its business on Monday around 17.30 o'clock and had forgotten to close a window in the ground floor.
When it returned on the next morning around 8.15 o'clock, from the cash about 250 euros had disappeared.
Traces of the perpetrator could not be found.
Also a closed circuit television is missing.
Trump does not see the threatening defeat at the polls so closely
The republican presidential candidate Donald Trump speaks on an election campaign event in Florida.
If it should not become with the choice the US president anything, Donald Trump has already an alternative idea.
It drive then just into the vacation.
If Donald Trump loses the US president shank elections in November, that would be relatively all the same to him: “Final one will fold it either, or I have one very much, very beautiful, long vacation”, said the candidate of the republicans in a telephone interview with the US-television station the CNBC.
If it is not enough for it in the end for reasons of the political correctness, correct, said Trump is.
Thus it called the US president Barack Obama and the candidate of the democrats, Hillary Clinton, founder of the terror militia Islamic State of (IS).
Within its party last more and more resistance was formed.
Post office enters into the trade with electrical transporters
An electrical setting vehicle of the German post office in action.
The interest of other companies in the vehicle is obviously large.
The post office plans to also sell their electric vehicle StreetScooter.
Shortly the company wants to start the trade with the transporter.
The post office wants to offer their electrical transporters starting from the coming year also on the free car market.
“We want to enter into the sale on third”, said a post office spokesman on Friday.
Enterprises checks since months, whether they their developed StreetScooter, with which letters and packages are delivered also to other enterprises to sell are.
Post office executive committee Jürgen Gerdes had said, it gives again and again demands, approximately from craftsmen.
After information of the news magazine “Der Spiegel” the Bonn company wants to enter shortly into the mass production of the vehicles.
In the post office-own production the flat enterprise the building of up to 10.000 cars per year and layer.
Gerdes had announced, the company wanted to clearly increase its fleet of electric cars and focuses on a long-term basis a complete conversion to the pollution free vehicles.
“We to one very much, very robust step direction 2020 make”, he at the end of July had said.
I can imagine that we change the complete fleet over.
The StreetScooter is active since 2014 on of Germany roads.
GRP guidance retires after disappointing reference numbers
The consumer research enterprise GRP exchanges its boss of Matthias Hartmann.
The resignations did not come suddenly - however completely surprisingly.
The difficult situation of the market research firm GRP let successes promised by him suspect that the chair of chief executive becomes all the more uncertain Matthias Hartmann, the longer to be missing.
Turbulences at the point of the Nuremberg of market research firm GRP: After again disappointing reference numbers and the resignation of the management the world-wide number five of the industry before a personnel new start stands.
GRP executive committee boss wants to leave the enterprise to the end of the year.
The chairman of the GRP supervisory board Arno Mahlert is ruled out already with effect to 12 September from the supervisory board.
The guidance in the executive committee already takes over to 1 September the past member of the board Gerhard Hausruckinger, communicated the enterprise.
He is to take over officially the function of a “executive committee speaker”, until a successor for Hartmann is found.
As reason for the resignations the enterprise called “different opinions” for long-term business-political adjustment.
An employer speaker did not want to call details on Friday.
Who leads the market research firm in the future becomes, is at present still unclear.
In investor circles it meant on Friday, with the shareholders the disappointment had last been large over those successes years ago of the introduced restructuring which are missing further.
Mr. Hartmann is since 2011 at the GRP point.
“The fruits of the restructuring are in addition, after 5 years not yet to see”, it were said.
In view of the last bad GRP reference numbers become each shareholder sometime jerkily.
“If with BMW the case would be, also the Quandts would in such a way make”, it was said.
The enterprise after setbacks in the previous quarters also in the second quarter 2016 its loss trip to stop had not been able.
With 361.2 million euros the revenue was by 6,1 percent under the level of the comparable prior year quarters.
Related to the first half-year shrank the revenue with 721.2 million euros by 3,4 percent.
Above all the sunk value of the enterprise loaded the profit in the second quarter in view of its difficult economic situation.
In the division Consumer Experience become necessary the goodwill writings-off of 139 million euros gave to the company under the line a loss of 148.2 million euros.
In the second quarter 2015 GRP had gained still another profit of the group of 19.7 million.
Accidents - bus slips in Krummhörn in ditch: Eight injured
In an accident of a touring bus with 43 seniors as passengers on Thursday in Krummhörn (district Aurich) eight humans were injured.
Two of the passengers suffered heavy injuries, communicated the police.
The 66 years old woman driver of the bus of a travel enterprise from Eisenach one vice had to come to meet reports its according to evade, which partly drove on the oncoming carriageway.
The bus got to the right off the road and slipped into a ditch, as a spokeswoman of the police Aurich/Wittmund reported.
“Due to the situation of the bus people could leave the bus not independently”, told them.
The fire-brigade freed the passengers.
Six ambulances and an emergency doctor's car came to the site of the accident on the national road 2.
The uninjured travelers were brought to Pewsum by a regular bus back to bent horns the quarter.
There they should wait for spare substitution of the travel enterprise.
The investigators requested the truck driver and possible witnesses to announce itself at the police.
The fees per cubic meter waste water amount to starting from 1 October 2016 for the range of the sewage system Neudorf/Reuth/Welschenkahl 3.44 instead of so far 2.10 euros; for Zultenberg/Lindenberg/Lopp 3.36 euros (so far 2.26 euros) and for Azendorf 3.64 euros (so far 2.18 euros).
With the plant in Azendorf the waste water fee will at the latest again increase if appropriate improvement measures become necessary.
After a rough calculation the waste water price in Azendorf about 4.37 euros per cubic meter will then be.
How mayor Bernd Steinhäuser (CSU) reported, with the approval of the household by the district administration office Kulmbach was stated that for these sewage systems Unterdeckungen accumulate.
The market Kasendorf is obligated due to legal bases to operate the plants cost-hitting a corner.
Starting from 1 October 2016 the citizens as well as the trade and industrial companies from Welschenkahl, new village, Reuth, Azendorf, Lopp, Lindenberg and Zultenberg more deeply into the purse will have to reach.
The increases in charges lie between 48 and 67 percent.
As administrative leader pointed Herbert Schmidt to the committee out, a new calculation of the fees was necessary for the sewage systems of the market community.
In the period of October 2016 until September 2020 also over and/or Unterdeckungen from the preceding calculation period is to be adjusted.
Schmidt justified the serious increases in charges with the fact that it acts with all three sewage systems around relatively small facilities with a very small waste water accumulation, which lies between 6800 and 12000 cubic meters per year.
Thus due to the small distribution basis for example expenditures for necessary repairs would affect themselves several thousand euros seriously.
Besides the waste water arising is easily declining in all three plants.
Further in the past calculation period with all three plants not least due to their age redevelopment and repair expenditures to a substantial extent resulted.
The plant in Azendorf is almost 30 years old, the plants for Welschenkahl, new village and Reuth as well as Zultenberg, Lindenberg and Lopp nearly 20 years.
Schmidt referred to the fact that in the sewage system Azendorf the mechanical ventilating system had to be exchanged due to a damage.
In the pumping plant Welschenkahl had to be overhauled those almost 20 years old conveyor plants by reason on and with the pond purification plant Lopp had after almost 20 years enterprise the first sludge pond excavated, the sewage sludge to be disposed of and an additional ventilation possibility inserted, in order to be able to keep the water-legal defaults also in the future.
Schmidt: “To these extraordinary expenditures the updated care and maintenance costs came to consider those accordingly in the new calculation period are.”
The same is valid for cost of electricity, to which with the previous calculation in the years 2011/2012 still clearly under the current level were.
It made stone houses clear that with the small waste water accumulation in the three plants the expenditures for the enterprise and maintenance pierce “fully”.
, Supplemental Schmidt remained exempted, the market community from large maintenance costs with the sewage systems in the past 20 years.
The situation for the plants mentioned will in the long term remain further precarious in opinion of stone houses, particularly since one will not extend the supply area of the waste water special purpose association Friesenbachtal by these plants can, because it concerns in deficit facilities.
Bulgaria books for the first time in 8 months inflation
National statistics show that the inflation in Bulgaria amounted to in July 1% on a monthly basis.
This is the highest value (since June 2012) and first over zero since October of last year, when positive 0.2% were booked.
The annual average inflation of the last of 12 months (August 2015 - July 2016) compared with the previous 12 months (August 2014 - July 2015) amounted to measured after the CPI 0.8%.
The consumer price index in July 2016 comparative to June 2016 amounted to 101.0%, i.e. the monthly inflation amounted to 1.0%.
The inflation rate since the beginning of the year (compared July 2016 to December 2015) amounted to 0.2% and the annual inflation in July 2016 comparative to July 2015 amounted to 0.2%.
In July 2016 in the comparison to the previous month a price rise of the following groups was observed by consumer goods: Food and not-alcoholic beverages (1.7%); Transport (1.8%); Spare time and culture (6.3%); Restaurant and hotel (1.2%); different goods and services (0.3%).
The prices fell with clothes and shoes (2.2%); Furniture, household appliances and routine maintenance (0.5%); Health (0.1%).
The prices remained as in the previous month with alcoholic beverages and tobacco; Apartments, water, river, gas and other fuels; Communication; as well as education invariably.
Snapchat of “anime” - effect as Asian caricature criticizes
Snapchat says that this filter is anime-inspired, but some observers say that it is insensitive in relation to races.
With its filter tools it makes Snapchat approximately 150 million for daily users possible to change and play with identities in so a way the reality, which already borders on the absurd.
They can transform into a pineapple, a dog or a figure, which could be from a Roy Lichtenstein's paintings.
The filters are blunt, characteristic-rotating tools, which produce more than 30 million improved Selfies per day.
All lapses arrive at the public.
Snapchat filters pulled in the past criticism on itself, in which they were accused of the fact that the app promotes Blackface or as ideal of beauty would publicise white skin.
When it suggested this week to some users a filter, which gave slot eyes, wrong teeth and aufgedunsene cheeks them, it some critics called a racist caricature of Asians - “yellow face”.
They asked themselves whether these repetitive controversies referred to a larger problem that the enterprise with diversity has.
The news and the indignation were spread on Wednesday far, with reports of The Verge and motherboard, one day after Snapchat communicated that it would have deactivated the feature.
The enterprise offered an apology: The filter was meant as homage of anime characters and not as caricature from Asians.
But outsider, the racing SiS mash experienced, reminded the filter of injuring plates.
Others leaned the anime comparison decided off.
In an email wrote Grace Sparapani, an Korean-American art student, whose Tweet was far spread over the photos that the filter was said unpleasant “injuring and gentle.”
It added that “it was difficult with the confrontation of a very disgusting Asian caricature and filter effects to argue.
It shows that the filter is not gelbgesichtig, but that the yellow face was pulled in the devaluing extreme.
Snapchat is not the only enterprise, which crosses this cultural trip wire.
The American culture seems to be complicated in an endless diversity and integration fight, from conference rooms to Hollywood and the devices, which we all hold in the hand.
And Snapchats large audience of young people - which are various in things race than their older opponents - could assume that rather to expect sensitivity.
If one of Snapchats filters produces a picture that it is insulting for a user “like that it is many more difficult that such things remain unnoticed, than it was in former times the case” said 25-year old Katie Zhu in an interview on Thursday.
On Thursday Zhu, which as a product manager and engineer for medium works, decided to delete their Snapchat account requested others to do the same.
In an essay for medium and in a telephone interview it said that she believed that race-referred controversies reflect a lack of diversity with the attitude practices with Snapchat.
Zhu criticized to a large extent white, only male leadership and terminated its essay with a Hashtag: #DeleteSnapchat.
“Either it does not have a various representation of humans with other skin colors in her staff, so that they can make such decisions,” said the chinesich American Zhu, “or it has humans with other skin colors, to say which work there, but not in positions, in those they are itself or probably-feel, around which against it.”
Others divide its opinion, a complaint, the Snapchat left to a large extent unanswered.
The enterprise publishes no numbers for the diversity of its staff and refers to its status as private enterprise.
On Thursday it rejected Snapchat to discuss the cultural background of its employees but loud a spokesman the enterprise adjusted recently a staff responsible person, who concentrates on underrepresented subpopulations and on internal integration efforts.
Zhu said for its part the fact that she will leave her Snapchat account closed and added, “I asked myself, whether they need more user like us, in order to be able to say that is not o.k.”
Military guidance falsifies ISIS Geheimdienstinformationen, determines committee of the congress
Military personnel of the United States cent ral COMMAND would locally have permitted, announced changed intelligence information to draw over a more optimistic picture of the war against the so-called Islamic state in Iraq and in Syria than it the actual conditions a committee of inquiry of the congress in a report on Thursday.
The provisional report, provided by a task Force of the republican members of the Streitkräftekommitees, Geheimdienstkommitees and the Wehrbudgetkommites, reports of large discontent under cent ral COMMAND secret service analysts, which reported, how superiors changed their estimates to the American efforts in the fight against the Islamic state.
The cent ral the COMMAND, briefly Cencom, is military headquarters in Tampa, Florida, which steers the American military operations in the Near East and central Asia.
“Intelligence information, which of high-ranking Centcom commanders were typically nodded through, drew regularly a more positive picture of the American efforts against the terrorism as it the actual conditions would locally have permitted and was constantly more positive than analyses of other intelligence services”, quoted a newspaper article the report.
“Which happened, is with the Centcom unacceptable - our soldiers suffer, if bad analyses are presented to our political leaders”, determined Ken Calvert, republican member of the house of representatives.
The guidance errors in the Centcom reach up to the highest point of the organization.
The ten-page report shows details steady problems in the years 2014 and 2015 in the descriptions and analyses of the American efforts in the training of the Iraqi armed forces.
Although it does not supply direct pointing out that tops of the government among Obama's gave instructions to change the reports shows it, like analysts the pressure of their Vorgesetzen suspended saw itself, a more optimistic picture of the threat of the Islamic state, also well-known than ISIS or ISIL to draw.
“During the first half-year 2015 many cent ral COMMANDs press releases, statements and statements before the congress were clearly more positively than it the facts correspond” determined the report.
For example a Centcom of members announced publicly that a military recapture Mossuls could already begin in April or May 2015.
Mossul, second largest city Iraq, remains further under control of the Islamic state.
“After months of investigations, so much is clear.” Mike Pompeo, republican congressional representatives from Kansas, in a statement said.
From the center of the year 2014 up to the center of the year 2015 the points of the cent ral COMMAND changed the intelligence reports, in order to play the danger down by ISIS in Iraq.
The republicans brought the task Force into being, after them it was passed on that analysts worryd themselves regarding the manipulation from reports to the Islamic state.
On Thursday published report will be completed still by more detailed realizations during the investigations to be continued.
Further investigations of the Centcom of reports are additional by the general inspector of the Ministry of Defense under way.
Democratic members of the Nachrichtendienstekomittees published their own realizations, which agreed with some of the conclusions of the republican task Force on Thursday.
“In the years 2014 and 2015 the Centcom created an excessively limited process for the production from intelligence estimates to ISIL and the Iraqi security agencies”, announced the höchstrangige democrat in the committee, member in the house of representatives Adam B. Schiff, in a statement.
This process, so Mr. Schiff, “delayed the publication of intelligence reports”, damaged the moral under analysts and “excessively gave little area for deviating opinions.”
But Mr. Schiff and the democrats indicated, no referring to an intervention of the white house for the Centcom analysts regarding “determined political opinion” have found.
The provisional results of the investigations of the congress were published on Tuesday by “The DAILY Beast”.
In past August New York Times von Ermittlungen reported the Pentagon, who were accepted after complaints by Centcom analyst by the general inspector.
As per Cmdr. Patrick Evans, a press spokesman the Pentagon, indicated in a statement that the Ministry of Defense would not commentate reports of the congress, while the investigations of the general inspector were still under way.
But it also indicated that “experts have sometimes quite diverging opinions regarding the interpretation of complex data, and that the intelligence services and the Ministry of Defense welcome a controversy discussion of these important topics of the national defense.”
The investigations have reactions over the question of a successful air campaign under American leadership in Iraq and Syria outside (a statement, which is made in the meantime by an increasing number of members of the Ministry of Defense).
The accusations of the past year raised however the question, to what extent president Obama can rely on the cent ral the COMMAND for honest estimates of the military operations in Iraq, Afghanistan, Libya and other crisis zones.
The criticism regarding the secret information about the Islamic state remind of disputes from more than ten years ago, than a Centcom analyst, Gregory Hooker wrote, a document over it, like the government at that time under George W. Bush against the recommendations of many analysts only a small occupation troop in Iraq planned and little time on it distorted, to make itself over the consequences of the invasion from 2003 thoughts to.
Mr. Hooker played also a key role with the rebellion against the present reporting over the Islamic state.
Last year the team places around Mr. Hooker according to government agencies firmly that against the statements the government air strikes would not have significant effects against the refineries thought of the Islamic state on the financial situation of the terrorist group, since these provisional refineries would have taken in enterprise, in order to sell oil on the black market.
This realization was not published however, reported the Times in September.
Centcoms of commanders at that time, gene. Lloyd J. Austin III, was criticized by members of the legislation because of its excessively positive estimate of the war situation with a hearing before the senate.
General Austin went in April into the retirement and became with the cent ral COMMAND by gene. Joseph L. Votel replaces.
The USA win fourth match in the Feldhockey of the women, a showdown with Great Britain are approaching
One day, after she during 6-1 a victory over Japan had shot three gates, Katie Bam made also the first two gates for the American Feldhockeyteam of the women in a match on Thursday against India that the Americans with 3-0 won.
Five gates in two plays should actually represent a memorable achievement, but Bam (27) said, them can not remember to have ever done.
“I have no idea.” she said.
I do not belong to the people, which keep their gates in the memory.
She knows however: The Americans are about 4-0 in the olympic match and are dead even in their group with the British at the first place, who remain after their 2-0 victory against Japan unbeaten.
Great Britain and the United States will meet one another on Saturday in the last play of the first round.
Both crews qualified themselves for the quarter final, the play will already decide, which of the two will attain first and the second place in each case within their group from six teams.
The Erstplatzierte will go to the strong Dutchwomen somewhat longer out of the way, who would start the other group.
However the play on Saturday to go out likes, the Americans by their success story a surprising eddy released, four years after it with past London Games on the last of 12 places landed.
Bam was part of this team.
It buildup in Blue Bell, Pennsylvania, and had the first time with three years a hockey stick in hands (its two older sisters played the sport at the Drexel university), with 16 years became them national player of the USA, the youngest in the history of the team.
It missed the Olympiad in the year 2008, since she could not itself qualify for the cadre.
Then the year 2012 came, in which for it and its team everything went wrong.
In the following year Craig Parnham, an Englishman, became coach of the national team and thus began himself the things to the better to turn.
“A cultural change, a mental change and a physical change”, said Bam.
We did not have the work load in London, which we have now.
We could to pull around the rudder completely.
On Thursday evening Bam opened the gate round dance in the first half of the play with a backhand stroke from close range.
India had gone without victory in the tournament into the play, but the team appeared surprisingly toughly and held the score from 1-0 into the third quarter, until Bam took the play into its hands.
It full-led a sprint with the flat ball across the left flank, pulled then into the center and lifted the ball into the gate around the Americans 2-0 a guidance to provide.
Melissa Gonzalez made the final gate in the center of the last quarter.
The Shutout was first of the whole tournament for the goal keeper of the USA, Jackie Briggs, who had in each case to book so far a gate in everyone of the previous plays.
It has a run.
Exactly the same as Bam.
“We are in a good position” said Parnham, but will depend as well on the result of the next play on Saturday.
In the midst of rise up the Olympic Games, the Zen of the Trampolins
Where always you are also, as late it is also, there is the Olympic Games.
The events in Rio de Janeiro feel steadily and inevitably, a racing relay race between competition and props.
It is, as if the olympic torch would be a burning staff, that is handed of crossbow contactors to the float to the gymnast to the triathlete.
They cannot switch the television on, read a newspaper or listen with the discussion of your neighbour in the queue in the Coffeshop, without hearing over Simone Biles, Katie Ledecky or the controversy between Michael Phelps and Chad le Clos.
And then it gives still Logan Dooley.
Dooley, which is for the first time with the Olympic Games thereby and a woman swarm with dimples, could have been quite under this well-known names, which are sent to the Prime time, developed by sponsors and Wohlfühl TV advertisement, if he were a float, a gymnast or even a fencer.
But Dooley, 28, from Lake Forest, California, fights in the olympic Trampolinturnen for gold.
The olympic flame does not light up each equal event.
Of the center, partly in the shade continue to be the kinds of sport, which are not generally appreciative: Airgun-shoot, sheet shooting, bath min tone, taekwondo.
We will always have and may the breaststroke swimming it for a long time prevail.
But if I modest-prove arguments for my certain favourite to make were allowed, then you let me steer the attention on the discrete charm of the Trampolins.
Although the Trampolinspringen is already since 2000 an olympic event, when it had its debut in Sydney, it the last 16 years so meagerly noticed that those, I had asked many, did not know that it is at all an olympia kind of sport.
That could be also regional ignorance.
Although the USA to the match sent athletes, it won never a medal in the Trampolinspringen and had to 2012 an athlete, which created it up to the final round.
The Chinese and the Russians bend to divide the prices for the men and the Chinese and the Canadians for the women.
Dong Dong from China and Rosie MacLennan from Canada will defend this year their gold medal from London.
The Trampolinspringen has a certain outsider charm, partly because it for the unexplained ear more suitably for a clown school than for the Olympic Games sounds.
Here I should admit that I am not an expert, but only a ground-based enthusiast.
It has humoristic potential - kartoonhafte trembling of its to never end wanting impact - in addition, the grace of doing gymnastics and dipping, the two kinds of sport, which it essentially unites.
The word “Trampolin” comes from the Spanish El Trampolin, which means so much like “springboard.”
Rising winners jump on a gigantic Trampolin, shoot nearly up to 30 foot into air and must a row at falling movements (tricks, pikes and somersaults), before they land on the feet.
They are evaluated according to official olympia program after execution, degree of difficulty and “flying time”.
Zweiundreißig athletes from 17 countries, 16 men and 16 women, will begin against each other in Rio.
The in accordance with-loneliest olympic vector is straightforward.
Medal-hoping must go in their striving for gold further, faster, upward and over it, sometimes up to the goal, sometimes back and forth, upward and downward on the playground.
They hunt not only the target line or the output wall, but in the television transmission also a further scornful goal: those the world or the olympia record.
Purposeful striving is noble, admirable, even fanatical - and it is enough, in order to agitate even a spectator to tears.
But it is also what I feel when watching these plays as something fatiguing.
Of it the Trampolin offers a breathing space.
The vector of the Trampolinspringers is above.
A forward movement is not the goal.
It or it reflects, apparently weightlessly like an astronaut, goes upward, then downward, then easy again upward.
A competition, naturally not without difficulty, prevails also here but during the exercise there is no hectic attack on the goal, no curving to the distance, only the dreamy, elegant abolition of time and gravity.
It is like that Zen like the competition with the Olympic Games to only be can.
The qualification and final rounds of the women will take place on Friday afternoon, in the Streaming around 13.00 Eastern time; those of the men on Saturday, likewise around 13.00.
NBC will radiate the final rounds as part of an afternoon block on both days starting from 14.00.
In the midst of the olympia mania they promise a calm, nice moment, one, which will probably ignore generally tumult.
If the consciousness increase can be achieved only by gaping and the Objektifizierung of male athletes - how the male US-gymnasts suggested it according to the The Wall Street Journal recently - then its, new fan club struggling for air expects Mr. Dooley.
“A generation protests” in Ethiopia, Long an allying of the USA
Violent protests in Ethiopia
Demonstrators, who demand political changes in Ethiopia, encountered violent resistance of the government.
Witnesses state that tens of protesting was killed during the collisions with the police with shootings.
Is to be broken down Ethiopia about?
In the last ten years it was one of the sturdiest countries of Africa, a solid allying of the west with a fast growing economy.
But in the last months protests shook the country against the government and expanded into more and more areas.
Last week stormed thousands of people on the roads and required fundamental political changes.
The answer the government was merciless according to human rights organizations.
Witnesses indicated that policemen shot and killed at tens of unarmed demonstrators.
In the circulation videos present over the protests, which are supposed from the latter or at the beginning of this year, show up like security personnel young people with sticks strike, while these were forced to make a handstand against a wall.
The boss of the un agency for human rights requires now a detailed investigation.
“It was always difficult to hold this country together and in the future it will become even still more difficult,” said Rashid Abdi, the project manager the horn of Africa that internationally Crisis Group, a research group.
Ethiopia is to Nigeria the most densely populated country of Africa and its stability becomes estimated from the west.
American Militär-und of secret services co-operates closely with the Ethiopians, in order to fight dangers of terrorism beyond the region, in particular in Somalia. Only few countries in Africa, if at all, receive so much western assistance.
Of Ethiopia economy expanded in the considerable speed.
Its infrastructure improved drastically - it gives a new commuter course in the capital to Addis Abeba.
The roads are usually calmly, safe and clean.
Even if Ethiopia everything else were as a model for democracy - human rights organizations stated sequentially the suppression by the government - the opposition in the country became reduced, whereby dissidents were effectively hushed.
Many were sent, killed into the exile or into the prison or floated into the widths of the desert.
But that could change.
“If you people suppress and this no other options have except to protest, break it off,” said Seyoum Teshome, a lecturer in central Ethiopia.
The entire youth protests.
A generation protests.
There are numerous complaints, which take everything off of the use of land up to the stranglehold regarding power of the governing coalition.
After an extensively criticized choice the governing party and control its allied ones the last seat of the opposition received last year and now 100 percent of the parliament.
At the same time the tensions rise along the border to Eritrea; a fight for this jagged, disputed line demanded hundreds of lives in June.
Analysts fear that separatists like the Oromo liberation front or the national liberation front of the Ogaden, which was more or less defeated in the last years, which could turbulences use and again arm themselves.
Several factors explain, why feelings of the embitterment explode after years before itself of the Hinköchelns under the surface now.
First seems harmless: Smartphones.
Only in the last years a great many Ethiopians in the position were to communicate by means of the social media since cheaper smartphones became ever more frequent and improved the Internet services.
Even if the government closes the entrance to Facebook and Twitter, which does it in regular intervals, particularly with protests, many people can communicate still over Internet Proxies, which hide, where they are.
Several young Ethiopians indicated that they met in such a way to protests.
The second factor is the fact that it more solidarity between the Oromos and Amharas which, gives two largest ethnicities in Ethiopia.
The Oromos and Amharas are not natural enemies.
Since Äonen prospered the Amharas, which come from Äthopiens predominantly Christian highlands, in which politics and economy, while they exploited the Oromos, from which many Muslims are and live in flat country areas.
In addition, changes.
“We are about to coordinate under a screen” said Mulatu Gemechu, a leader of the Oromos.
The largest protests took place in areas of the Amhara and Oromos.
Many Amharas and Oromos have the feeling that Ethiopia unfair-proves by members of the ethnic group of the Tigray is dominated, those approximately 6 percent of the population to constitute and in the military, in the secret services, in the trade and the policy dominantly are.
The third reason for the riots is the death of Meles Zenawi.
Mr. Meles, a former rebel leader, was 2012 17 years long up to its death at a not publicly made illness in the year of Ethiopia prime minister.
It was viewed as a tactical genius, a man, who could think around corners.
To analysts say that it was particularly experienced to notice early signs of discontent and use particular agents, in order opponents to work on and it innocuous make.
“It is missing to the present regime at this basic fate,” said Mr. Abdi, a conflict analyst.
Of Ethiopia of new prime ministers, Hailemariam Desalegn, for relatively obscure reasons was selected, in order to take the position of Mr. Meles.
Differently than Mr. Meles, who came from the Tigray region of north Ethiopia, Mr. Hailemariam comes from the south.
Analysts say that it does not enjoy the confidence from the Tigray controlled security agencies.
Many fear that the result more bloodshed will be.
The last mark that Ethiopia experienced such a riot was 2005, after thousands protested against elections, which bungled according to information of analysts apparently from the government and were afterwards stolen.
During the raids following on it many protesting were killed, even if than in the last months were less and this time of the riots passed relatively fast.
Development experts praised of Ethiopia leader for their visionary infrastructure planning, like the new commuter course, as well as for its measurable progress with the fight against poverty.
But obviously this did not prevent the intensification of the internal disfavor of the Ethiopian government.
And it takes a dangerous ethnic form.
Protesting in Gondar, a amharischen city, of Tigray led business attacked last month and the hate opposite the Tigray become ever more usual in the social media.
Analysts say that the protests bring the USA and other western allied one into their own position.
The American government used Ethiopia as basis for Dronenflüge over the neighbouring Somalia, even if it communicated recently that she closed this basis.
While the west wants to support clearly the democracy, it does not want that its allying in an already volatile area breaks down.
“This,” said Mr. Abdi, “is a very thin tightrope walk.”
Donald Trump explains his statement Obama has ISIS to “sarcasm” was created
Donald J. Trump tried to scatter the last controversy, which surrounds its campaign Friday, by indicating that his several times repeated statement, president Obama and Hillary Clinton would be the “founders” of the terrorist group Islamic state, had been not seriously meant.
This clarification raised new questions to the able to communicatenesses of the presidential candidate of the republicans whether it was able clearly and understandably with the American public to communicate.
Also its fellow combatants bring themselves, endeavor it during an eventful phase in protection to take to have to explain into the peculiar position, statements which he could not at all have meant.
After it had made the suggestion during an election campaign event at Wednesday evening, Mr rowed. Trump regarding the statement on Thursday back and insisted in interviews on the fact that it did not intend really to suggest, the president and Mrs. ISIS would have created Clinton.
But in a earlymorning Tweet on Friday Mr said. Trump, it is simply sarcastically.
The Tweet was the contrast to the previous day, at those Mr. Trump in a set of interviews said, he meant the accusation perfectly seriously.
As the conservative radio moderator Hugh Hewitt Mr. Trump to help wanted to weaken the statement somewhat as it of the fact reminded that Mr. Obama ISIS to destroy wants to know, wanted the republican presidential candidate nothing of it.
The last storm of the criticism sizzles on Mr. Trump down, during he tried the focus of his campaign to steer because of falling poll ratings on the economic situation.
Mr. Trump and Mrs. Speeches held Clinton to the economic situation in Michigan this week.
Friday Mr tried. To turn Trump again to this topic back.
Over Twitter announcing it warned itself that Mrs. Clintons's proposals to higher taxes would lead and that he their speech boring had found.
Mr. Trump already stated sarcasm to his defense.
At the end of July drew it strong criticism on itself, when he meant, the Russians should Mrs. Clintons's enamels chop, however he explained later “natural meant I the sarcastic”.
This method permits it to Mr. To shift and then as required back row Trump the linguistic borders in the policy.
“I think, it am one of its methods to be tested, as certain messages are taken up by its fans, how they arrive, and then “to get straight if necessary” depending upon that, as the reaction fails. ” said Ruth Sherman, a Kommunikationsexpertin, which observes the language of both candidates.
In addition, I believe, he am more smartly enough around its statements enough to be held vaguely, so that they can be interpreted in different way.
Instead of defusing the tone for the presidential elections, Mr has. Trump a still more corroding tone accepted, since its poll ratings continued to decrease.
A new survey of NBC/Wall Street Journal/Marist, which was published on Friday, showed a guidance with large lead in the Federal States North Carolina, Virginia, Colorado and a neck-and-neck race in Florida.
During Mr. Generally tried not to have to apologize for its provocative expressions it accuses its critics of Trump frequently to distort its statements or to understand its humor wrongly.
But while it is located strengthened in the focus of the attention in the last months of its presidency campaign, Mr have. Trumps's jokes its loyal fellow combatants into the incommodious situation brought, to it stand to have, independently of as provocatively its statements may also be.
Rudolph W. Giuliani, former mayor of New York and of Trumps most prominent advocates, gave himself to defend large trouble the candidate today in an CNN interview from Thursday to.
“I believe, what he says is legitimate, political comments” said Mr. Giuliani thus it to the correctness of Mr. Trumps's statements it was asked whether Mr. Obama and Mrs. Clinton the Islamic state would have created.
It is in this sense truely that before Obama ISIS a nearly unknown, small organization was, he called her backbenchers, perfectly wrongly and therefore happened it, because it withdrew the troops from Iraq.
Most mainstream republicans try to argue that the government among Obama, in the Mrs. Clinton as a Foreign Minister served, it ISIS permitted, to spread as it omitted bringing the situation in the Near East aggressively under control.
Before the election campaign events in Pennsylvania on Friday Mr set. Trump its attacks on the media away and accused to them to harp on on each of its words and be partial against him.
He did not lampoon the “poor, deplorable” television experts, who try him to understand and said, “you can it!”.
Some of the democrats scoffed at Mr. Trumps's apology as only a further proof that it is unsuitable for the presidential office.
Once over the price displaced by the market, café returns to Greenpoint
Verb cafe was a shabby café in William castle, in which one could pay only bar, whom no Wi-Fi had, for it however 15 years to long good coffee served.
Naturally by the prices from its Bedford Avenue's shop front was displaced.
The business Soap Cherie, which replaced verb in the summer 2014, sells soap in the form of Cupcakes.
Native mourned for it as last loss in gentrifizierenden themselves city.
The artist Molly Crabapple wrote on Twitter, “I white, New York is change, but I cannot believe yet that CBGB is dead, Chelsea Hotel now exceptionally and verb a soap business.”
But if New York is change, then it is also reinvention.
A revived verb cafe opened last November in Greenpoint, less than a mile north of its original location.
The new verb has Wi-Fi and accepts credit cards, but has still some the same employees and a similarly simple atmosphere.
The coffee is also still good.
The new owner the verb is Cisco Rodriguez, an employee of many years of the old café, who owner and managing director of the new café is.
He began to work 2001 at verb and remained there up to the end.
When a customer offered to it to make funds available for a new branch office it was excited to do it said it.
Rodriguez, 36, maintained much.
Verb uses the same Distributor for the Bagels bought the same espresso machine model.
It uses even the same lamps from the old verb.
But Rodriguez said that he wanted to also experiment.
It introduced new ingredients.
On the menu Sandwiches with bacon and cheese stand and it give never run gene such as capers and sauted bulbs.
There are brown rice dishes.
The café serves no more beer, but there are fresh juices.
After nine months Rodriguez said that he had noticed a constant river at old regular customers.
“Many old customers were displaced likewise by prices from William castle,” said it.
On one Sunday Rebecca Oliveira such a customer was recent.
Olive IRA, 34, lived in former times in William castle and visited the verb regularly.
Even after it had pulled after Greenpoint, she would take on the way.
After the verb had closed, it gave one while up the coffee, said it.
“Me it became clear that it was at the coffee and because of the culture in the verb, which pleased me” said it.
Now she drinks again coffee, even if she ordered a Blended Chai Tea, who is a further new additive on this day in place of its usual Iced Coffees.
Tom Rosenthal is since the beginning the verb in the year 2003 a further customer of many years and faithful.
It went there before the work and inevitably always ordered the same.
“I came quarters to seven, each day, like Swiss a watch and her prepare my Everything Bagel with butter,” said he.
Photo Rodriguez said, it wanted to experiment and to take up new ingredients to the menu.
Nowadays Rosenthal gets still its usual order, sometimes but he alternates its Everything Bagel with bacon, egg and cheese.
Rodriguez said that he did not preserve resentment over the fact that the soap business took the old business area.
The owners of the Soap Cherie actually offered to manufacture a special soap for verb with the kaltgebrühten coffee of the café as ingredient.
“I think, we still with its offer will deal,” said Rodriguez.
And the traditional, Polish inhabitants Greenpoints likewise accepted the café.
A new customer translated the menu into the Polish and said Rodriguez that he intends to issue it soon so that its new neighbours feel welcome.
The location has also further advantages.
A local juice restaurant would like to fill and sell the kaltgebrühten coffee in bottles.
There is an opportunity that the café expands on a neighbouring building.
For many customers a new verb is sufficient, in order to get their old favorites.
Joseph Witt was regular customer and said that he was destroyed at the ground, when the café closed.
When the new café opened, Whitt said that entering the restaurant and ordering felt new coffee like a home coming.
“I had to smell that,” said he.
The depressing meal of the economic crisis in “a plentiful meal”
In March 1933, shortly after his ascent to the president, Franklin Delano Roosevelt took his lunch in the oval Office.
As a gourmet president Roosevelt had a weakness for refined delicacies of Fifth Avenue such as Pâte de foie grass and Maryland water turtle soup.
Its menu on this day was somewhat more modest: filled eggs in tomato sauce, mashed potatoes and as dessert a plum pudding.
“It was an act of culinary solidarity with suffering people,” said Jane Ziegelman.
Her husband Andrew Coe added, “it was also a message to the Americans, like her to eat should.”
The married couple lives in Brooklyn Heights and is both food historians.
Coes last book “Chop Suey” acted of the Chinese kitchen in the USA, while “about the life in a house to the Lower East Side from the food perspective tells Ziegelman in its book 97 Orchard”.
You newest co-operation, “a decent meal”, which will appear on Tuesday in Harper Verlag, illustrate the history of the American kitchen during great depression.
They showed culinary solidarity, when them sand-yielded themselves with a reporter in the Eisenberg's shop with dinner meet, a small, straightforward lunch in the Flatiron District, which is already since the stock market crash 1929 in the business.
Ziegelman, 54, cream cheese-sand-yielded with olive bits, during Coe, turkey with mashed potatoes and vegetable mixture ordered 57 ASS.
When the reporter ordered chopping roasts, this found the pair suitable for a discussion over the meal in the era of great depression.
“Rich food was much likes”, said Ziegelman.
There was peanut bread, liver cheese and bean bread.
They were prepared from an ingredient and something cheap one, which stretches the ingredient.
Introduce yourselves to eat so many peanuts that they serve them as dinners.
Coe grinned.
“It must have put in the stomach such as lead,” said it.
In the years before great depression the table in an American household, particularly in rural areas, was a universe You CAN Eat Buffet.
Crews of women cooked for male agricultural labourers and it freshly baked pie for breakfast, for the lunch and dinners were served.
Were the Americans, who sent Europeans on during the First World War food being hungry. “A Square Meal” notes the ways, with which the country dealt with it, no more the paradise to be.
“It was a time, in which meal for the Americans became a central, strained topic”, begündete Coe, why it and its wife over it to write wanted.
The new budget diet was just as strained: Mysterious meals such as bread and casseroles became staple food, the casserole as “wonderful kind of recycling leftovers” marked Ziegelman, since cooks could hide unappetizing ingredients under a kremigen sauce.
Fresh fruit was replaced by cheaper drying fruit.
Meat, which was for many years the center of the American kitchen, became a rarely served luxury.
Strange mixtures were tried out, since a calorie-rich and feedful satisfaction had priority before taste or even healthy understanding of kitchen.
During its search for the book, which covers also recipes, a court prepared Ziegelman baked bulbs with peanut butter from this epoch.
“It was not a popular additive at the Mittagstsich,” says Coe.
Brick man continues to implement: “It was surreally.”
Peanut butter and baked bulbs do not fit to each other.
It was typical for many of the housekeeping recipes.
Like never before or since then, household businesspeople - under it Louise Stanley, Leiterin federal office of the OF Home Economics between 1923 to 1943 - propelled the eating habits of the country so.
By publishing recipes and articles in newspapers and magazines, they encouraged to become women “budgetary policy gutters” to become fair and the challenge to transform Pampe like creamy spaghetti with carrots into delicious meals.
“A Square Meal” is a celebration of the historical delicacies.
In particular tastily the reports are being hungry over the answer of the government to those citizens, like president Herbert Hoovers letting me cake meal leaving.
While it praised publicly simple Iowa farmhouse kitchen of its kitchen, he fed like the worth millions man of world, whom he became.
“He liked continental kitchen such as fish with cucumber sauce,” said Coe.
He ate in a nearly gilded dining-room and wore a tuxedo.
It was wonderful out of touch with reality.
Perhaps president Roosevelt would have committed the same error, if not his Mrs. Eleanor had requested him to set with his stomach an example.
As in the book descriptive hiring a lady housekeeper with no interest in flavors led by Mrs. Roosevelt to it that the white house brought the most boring meal out in Washington, but also one at the most hopeless prepared one.”
Many of the kinds from the era of great depression of dealing with meal it was rejected, as soon as the country came the legs.
The legacy is on our continued focus on calories and food, said Ziegelman, as well as whereupon, how science was applied to food.
The pair gave to have better understood on during the writing of the book the eating habits about Ziegelmans mother-in-law - for example like it food not to throw away could.
“A genuine fear of the wasting of food had you,” said Coe.
Ziegelman remembered: “You made people actually suffer.”
There there was the cream puff incident.
After the plates were cleared with Eisenberg's, they and Coe pulled out a dessert, which they had at home prepared: the plum dessert, the president Roosevelt to noon ASS.
“It is called Prune Whip,” said Ziegelman and added that it was a usual trick to give to modest recipes a fancy name.
There was no struck cream, only plums, something flour, sugar, water and cinnamon.
Everyone immersed somewhat unwillingly a spoon into the tough, brown Glibber.
It did not taste surprisingly badly.
Coe got itself three times a consulting.
Like a CAN DO Budgetierer he said a few chopped walnuts to his wife, “would help.”
With bomb attack killed: He was the hero of Aleppo
It risked its own life around others to help: Khaled Omar.
He was the hero of Aleppo: Khaled Omar dedicated his life to humans in Syria.
It risked everything, in order to save to others the life.
Now the 30-year old died even with a barrel bomb attack of the Assad regime.
Omar was member of the “White Helmets”, a civil defense group, which saved so far scarcely 60,000 humans the life according to Bild-Zeitung.
2900 volunteer risks their own life, in order to pull and carry over in the theater of war first aid humans out from flattened with bombs houses.
They are the heroes of the war in Syria.
Omar was the face of the group: A video of the Zivilschützers, which shows it with a 11-hour rescue of a baby from the rubble of a house, went 2014 around the world.
It made the Syrian the bright symbolic figure in the grey one of the war.
As a hero he saw however never, said themselves according to picture: “For me that is the genuine Jihad.”
“If I die to save lives think I that God in me sees a martyr.”
Briefly before Omar fell an attack to the victim, he had spoken in a video about the last bomb attacks in Syria.
The helicopters threw four barrel bombs off over the Alzadia district, were filled one with chlorine gas.
One woman and two children died, seven humans suffer from difficulty in breathing.
“We eliminate now the poisonous remnants of the bomb, thereby not children thereby play”, quoted those picture its last words before it died.
The deadly bomb of the Assad regime should have met terrorists.
Greenland shark: The oldest vertebrate animal is nearly 400 years old
Rare sight.
Greenland sharks come usually only in the winter to the surface.
This shark was allowed after an investigation on board the research ship Sanna in the sea back.
It was born 1624 and swims with well 1 km/h by the North Atlantic - until today.
Greenland sharks get only with 150 years new generation.
Leisurely the Greenland shark swims at the reason of the North Atlantic along, in one hour comes it on the average straight 1,220 meters far.
Only if it depends on it, accelerated that five meters long animal on full 2.6 km/h - and is half as fast with this maximum speed as a seal.
This lifestyle coined by tardiness seems to be however a ready-made solution for a great age.
Julius Nielsen of the university of Copenhagen and its colleagues anyhow report in the technical periodical “Science” of a Greenland shark, which could be 392 years old.
“Insanity”, commentates Alexander Scheuerlein of the Max Planck Institute for demographic research in Rostock this life-span, which means a world record for vertebrate animals.
The evolution biologist assumed for a long time that Greenland sharks become aged.
The proofs were only missing.
Greenland sharks are difficult to observe, finally live them particularly in the polar sea before the thinly settled coasts of Canada, Greenland, Norway and Spitzbergen.
Because they prefer water temperatures around the six degrees Celsius, they emerge at the surface usually only in the winter.
About the lifestyle of the Greenland sharks researchers know according to few.
They measured their slow-motion, when they equipped six animals before Spitzbergen with a transmitter.
These sharks make booty nevertheless: In the stomach of an animal researcher found the remnants of a seal, another the jaw bone of a young polar bear had swallowed.
Possibly they hunt sleeping animals or patrol at the reason of the polar sea and look for carcasses, which stagger downward from higher water layers.
Julius Nielsen and its colleagues examined now 28 Greenland sharks, which got Fischer between 2010 and 2013 before Greenland or Spitzbergen as by-catch from the depth of the North Atlantic.
The smallest shark was straight 81 centimeters long, while measured largest 502 centimeters.
In order to determine the age of the animals, they analyzed the lens core of the sharks with the Kohlenstoff-14-Methode.
This center of the eyepiece develops already before the birth of the sharks, which become therein contained proteins later no more renewed.
The two smallest sharks had remarkably much Kohlenstoff-14 in the lens core.
Their birth should lie from there after the early 1960er years, when nuclear tests hurled larger quantities of this radioactive carbon into the atmosphere.
In the animal third-smallest with 220 centimeters length contained the lens core against it a small surplus of Kohlenstoff-14 from the nuclear tests, it might when its investigation in the year 2012 thus its 50. Birthday celebrated.
All larger Greenland sharks had normal Kohlenstoff-14-Mengen, which results from cosmic radiation in the atmosphere in their lens core against it.
The Kohlenstoff-14-Uhr for a 493 centimeter actually showed long Greenland shark an age of 335 years, while the record shark with 502 centimeters might be even 392 years old.
The fact that Greenland shark females get only then new generation if they are longer than four meters, was well-known.
Now the researchers could assign an age to the length.
Since one of the animals with 392 centimeters probably stood at the threshold to sexual maturity and its age was determined with 156 years, Greenland sharks with increase leave themselves obviously at least one and a half centuries time.
Also that might be for vertebrate animals world record at present.
That such Methuselahs live particularly in icy waters, is no coincidence.
Also the past record holder, a 211 years old bowhead whale, into whose bacon at the neck 120 years an old harpoon point was, became imprisoned before Alaska.
By the low temperatures frequently also the organism of the there living animals runs on low flame.
They mature thus later - and age more slowly.
In order to keep itself warm in the cold water, the animals become besides often particularly largely.
Because the volume grows many faster than its surface, by which the animal loses warmth.
The calorific loss of a gram of mouse is much larger from there than with a gram elephant.
A further advantage: They have less enemy.
“A smaller animal lives thus more dangerously and should concentrate as early as possible as many as possible descendant to have”, explains the evolution biologist Scheuerlein.
A very large animal should invest against it its resources rather into a long life.
Building ground in the twin pack
With topics around building the local council in the recent meeting was concerned in particular approximately.
With relief the committee took up the report of mayor Robert Putz that “finally the marketing of the recently proven housing areas can begin”.
After property, Parzellierungs and development questions be clarified and the requests could be set to measurement, in the housing areas “Straßlweg” and “beautiful outer west” (range binder route stand for the sale of properties - development section 1) at prospective customers nothing more in the way.
The local council is convinced that the construction areas in the rurally coined and calm residential community Schönau address recent families and sprightly seniors equally.
How it meant, building-willing can announce themselves immediately in the city hall, advised over which assignment of the plots will the local council presumably in its September meeting.
In order also requests for the settlement of further industrial concerns, connected with the job creation, follow to be able, decided the local council to only amend that in the spring of this year again provided land use plan in subranges.
Thus within the range Unterzeitlarn there the trade area already proven is expanded around two plots direction state State of 2112.
Frankfurt profits from the Brexit
The city at the Main has therefore in the competition with Paris, Dublin and Luxembourg the best opportunities to attract from London shifted jobs and companies.
“It is very probable that Frankfurt at most says profited from the Brexit vote”, Michael Voigtländer, Leiter of the competence field of financial markets and property markets of the IW.
After the Brexit referendum it is uncertain whether financial institutions of far from London financial transactions in the entire European Union may operate.
For the so-called European Union-passport so far the permission in Great Britain is enough to them.
Straight large US-banks use.
Several banks already announced to shift jobs.
The lobby combination “Frankfurt Main Finance” counts on 10000 new jobs at the Main within five years.
For Frankfurt, as the IW, speaks the seat of the European central bank (EZB), which responsibility for the monetary policy and supervision about the largest banks the euro zone unites, as well as further important authorities as European insurance control EIOPA and the risk advice ESRB.
In Paris the organization for economic cooperation and development (OECD) has its head office, but this is less important for the financial sector than the EZB.
“The proximity to the issuing bank is importantly for banks, there it so directly with the supervision to communicate can”, says IW-professor Voigtländer.
Luxembourg beheimate a large fund sector, fares however just like Dublin with the infrastructure more badly.
Frankfurt is clearly easier owing to the large airport to reach.
Furthermore the city scores also easily available trade real estate.
“In Paris it is not at all simple so to find free high-quality offices”, says Voigtländer.
On the Seine are besides the rents for first-class trade real estate around 50 percent more highly than at the Main.
In addition offer to Frankfurt a higher quality of life than the competition owing to good medical supply and infrastructure as well as less crime.
In a ranking of the management consultation MER cerium stand the city on place seven, Luxembourg on place 19, Dublin on place 33 and Paris at 37. Place.
Even if quality of life is a question of the preferences: “With its already strong position as financial location for the European domestic market Frankfurt could attract further banks and investors”, concludes the IW.
London will remain however despite Brexit vote most important financial center in Europe, means the economic researchers.
But also the balances of power speak: In London Helaba at the end of 2015 approximately 144000 humans in the bank industry, in Frankfurt worked were it 62500 in accordance with numbers of the Landesbank.
Gilead receives hepatitis C patent dispute with Merck to right costs from that
A US-Amtsrichter decided that of Gilead Sciences Inc. requirement on the refund of the right costs has, which developed for it from the Hepatits C law case with the pharmaceutical company Merck & Co Inc.
In June Gilead was released from a payment of damages payment at a value of $ 200 million for the injury of two patents from Merck, which stood in connection with blockbuster drugs Sovaldi and Harvoni of Gilead, after a US-judge uncovered a sample of failure on the part of Merck, including the perjury and other unethical actions.
In the case of collection of the complaint on Thursday US-Amtsrichterin Beth Labson Freeman said that Gilead has requirement on decree of the costs, which developed during the defense of the case.
Merck tries to draw even with Gilead, which controls the market of a new generation of hepatitis C medicines, which can heal over 90 percent of the patients with the liver disease.
The case decreases to the year 2013, when Gilead and Merck sued themselves mutually and took property up for laboratory work, which Sofosbuvir was the basis, the active ingredient in the medicines of Gilead.
Say supported troops of the USA that they reconquered again complete control of Manbij of the Islamic state
Troops supported by the USA have complete control of the northern city Manbij the close Turkish border reconquered, after the last IS-fighters in the city left these, said a spokesman of the group on Friday.
The democratic forces of Syria (DKS) comb the city after the excerpt of the group of fighters, still remained, who buried themselves within the city, at present.
They have Darwish of the Manbij of military advice Reuters allied with the DKS over 2.000 civilians released, who were thought of the fighters as hostages, communicated crowd fan.
“The city now is under perfect control, but we would drive through straight clean-up operations,” told it Reuters.
Clintons earn 10.75 million in the year 2015 and pay 34.2% federal taxes
Hillary Clinton published her tax declaration on Friday for 2015, showed these for the presidency candidate of the democrats and its husband an income of USD 10.75 million and effective federal tax set of 34,2%.
In the year 2015 the Clintons USD donated 1 million for charitable purposes, mainly to Clinton Foundation; former president Bill Clinton gained nearly USD 5.3 million in speech fees; the former Foreign Minister indicated an income of USD 3 million from the publishing house Simon & shoemaker for their book over their term of office in the State Department.
Clintons candidate for the vice-presidency, senator Tim Kaine from Virginia, publishes its tax declarations of the last ten years together with his Mrs. Anne Holton.
They paid an effective federal tax set of 20,3% in the year 2015.
“Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine set further standards regarding financial transparency,” announced Clintons campaign aid Jennifer Palmieri in a statement.
In a crass contrast to it Donald Trump behind wrong excuses and backdowns hide themselves regarding its past promises its tax declarations to publish.
Usually its tax declarations are to be published for US presidential candidate, although they are not obligated of law because of to it.
Trump, a New Yorker businessman, and its lawyers indicated a tax inspection as reason for its refusal by the revenue offices.
“You are at the course”, wrote Clintons election campaign aid Ian Sams on Twitter, regarding the publication of the presidency candidate of the democrats.
On Thursday Michael Cohen, Trumps special advisor, said to publish something to CNN that he would not permit Trump, before the tax inspections is final.
Trumps critic, among other things also the republican presidential candidate of the year 2012 Mitt Romney, let announce already that its refusal questions raises its donations for charitable organizations, its business manners and different other connections regarding fortunes, in particular with Russia.
Clinton fell itself already on the topic and on Friday a video on the Internet published, in the high struggle Inge the republican Trump requests its tax declaration to publish.
On Thursday it addressed the topic also during a speech to the economy in Michigan.
“He refuses doing, what every other presidential candidate did in recent decades and its tax declarations to publish.” she said to the quantity.
Politico announced that Trump did not pay or only very few taxes during the 1990er for two years, and an economic journalist of New York Times quoted a set of Steueranwältenn on Friday and tax counsels, whom indicated that could be still the case.
Federal taxes became in the election campaign a topic.
Clinton supports a regulation, which is designated after the billionaire and investor Warren Buffett, which would guarantee that people earn more than USD 1 million a tax rate of at least 30% paid.
President Obama supports the proposal likewise.
While an election campaign event for Hillary Clinton in the past week in Omaha, Nebraska demanded buffet, whose Berkshire Hathaway industrial conglomerate has here its seat to exchange Trump to a meeting on over their tax declarations.
Buffet said, it had been submitted likewise of a tax inspection of the IR and Trump had “fear” before the voters and not before the revenue offices.
Clintons campaign published tax declaration decreasing up to the year 2007.
The Clintons, which lives now in Chappaqua, New York, paid on the average an effective federal tax set of approx. 32% between the years 2007 to 2014 and an effective combined tax rate of approx. 40.5%.
The tax declaration of the Clintons of 2015 showed that these referred only USD 100 of their income as wages, differently than the majority of all Americans.
Their main financial investment was a economical index fund, from which the Clintons paid duty dividends and yields of USD 109,000.
With contributions by Kevin Drawbaugh; worked on of Jonathan Otis
Condoms with Chilipuder, fire work promote Tanzanias elephant protection
Conservationists in Tanzania use an unorthodox kind, in order to hold elephants of going into settlements inhabited by humans - they throw condoms on them, which are filled with Chilipuder.
The method proved as effective and the Honeyguide Foundation, which had the idea already years ago in addition, together with the US-nature conservation its promotion intensified, by training volunteer in villages in the north of Tanzania, to use a nonviolent four-stage method for the protection of their houses and harvest without thereby animals to injure.
Before many javelins used, in order to defend itself.
Friday is world elephant day, which is dedicated to the animal welfare.
“Since then we developed… the tool kit to harm could we within these communities a change of their attitude observe, whereby they are many more confident that they can hold the elephants from their fields, without the elephant thereby” expressed ourselves managing director of Honeyguide Damian Bell in a report.
The first two steps cover a lighting up of the elephant with a torch and a blowing into a horn.
If it is not deterrent, a so-called “Chiliwolke” is thrown.
Chilipuder mixed with earth is packed together with a fire work into a condom, whose end up to the igniter cord is closed.
If it is ignited, the condom with a bang bursts up and sprays purifies dust at Chilipuder into air.
A breath quite usually already out, in order to chase the elephant away.
A last possibility represents a thrower, that shoots golden rain fireworks into air and a loud, bright explosion caused.
Town councillor decides unanimously: No kiosk new building at the St. Goarer Rhine bank
Normally the St. Goarer investment project of manufacturing ones with kiss hand on take are valid the nevertheless straight retail trade in the town center as clearly upgradeable.
The request for the new building of sales sale at the Rhine bank in direct proximity of the Rhine balcony under construction the town councillor rejected now however unanimously.
“Fundamental welcome we new manufacturing ones, but at this location in exposed situation at the Rhine bank this kiosk fits not”, explained Michael Hubrath for the CDU parliamentary group.
Jewish director smashes citizen of Berlin hotel, because Israeli preselection was removed for blank news after “Arab” request -
A French director with Jewish roots provoked a medium riot, after he had betrayed that the Kempinski Bristol Hotel in Berlin did not list Israeli preselection, there it Arab guests according to an employee “would have requested”.
Claude Lanzmann, Autor of the Holocaust documentation “Shoah” omitted his annoyance in the Kempinski Bristol Hotel in Berlin, by writing an open letter to the German newspaper FAZ.
During its last stay Lanzmann Israel on the land preselection list of the hotel tried to find.
The country was not listed however between the countries, which can be called directly from the hotel room.
How is it possible in the year 2016 in Berlin, for the capital of new Germany, that Israel was eliminated and deleted?
Lanzmann wrote.
Instead the Kempinksi Bristol offers a possibility of selecting Israel over its own call center.
Looking for an explanation the director turned to the hotel reception.
The answer, which it received there, “shocked it”, as Lanzmann wrote.
The hotel employee said that the measure was a “intentional decision of the management of the Kempinski hotels.”
The reason, which stood behind it, released more rage in the director still.
“The majority of our guests Arabs and they have required that the preselection is deleted,” the employee by Lanzmann were quoted.
The Israeli Ambassadors in Germany Yakov Hadas-Handelsman called this a “large dishonor”, reports the newspaper Süddeutsche.
We were frightened and dismayed of this event.
That is really very embarrassingly.
The fact that this happened in Germany in exactly this hotel chain, is even a still larger dishonor.
That does not require an explanation.
We expect that the hotel draws “the correct conclusions,” said the office-holder.
The incident released a rather large resonance on the Internet, with which the people called the whole a scandal.
Some subordinated hotel to the Kempinski that it would have given way to the alleged requests of Arab guests “”.
“You,” meant it is ashamed in another contribution, in which it was pointed out that the hotel, which is at noble Kurfürstendamm stands in the proximity of a synagogue.
The hotel pointed fast all accusations from itself and called the incident a “mistake” and “apologized” with Lanzmann, reports Der Spiegel.
“There was never a direct instruction” not to take up Israel to the speed calling list” quoted the newspaper Süddeutsche a spokesman of the Kempinski hotels.
It adds that the land preselection was now added.
Police uses tear gas & rubber bullets against protesting Brazilian students
Students collided on Thursday in the Brazilian city Sao Paulo with the police, when they met, in order to demonstrate against the reforms of the government for the public education system.
The police used tear gas and rubber bullets against the demonstrators.
The difficulties began, as police officers tried the students to drive apart, which led to the fact that the police rubber bullets and tear gas began.
Several hundred students participated in the demonstrations, in order to express their confusion over the plans.
In accordance with the proposals of the governor of the Federal State Sao Paulo Geraldo Alckmin save somewhat less than 100 public schools are closed, while 300,000 students are converted, in order money.
Some the protest participant saw one Graffitits against provisional president Michel Temer to walls spraying.
The recent protests occurred some days after demonstrators into masses on the roads went, in order to support the suspended president Dilma Rousseff, who had been relieved by a vote of the senate to its recall from the office.
Trade between Russia & Iran rises suddenly to 71% on blank Business
With the abolition of the sanctions Levan Dzhagaryan, the turnover grew between Moscow and Tehran in the comparison between years by 70,9 percent according to the Russian Ambassador in Iran.
Since the international sanctions were waived against Iran, the interest on sides of Russian enterprises in business in the country increased strongly, communicated the Ambassador.
Russian enterprises contact existing Iran, while new companies are ready to provide entrance to the market.
The further commercial development one of the largest priorities of bilateral co-operation with Iran is natural,” said Dzhagaryan.
It marked that the turnover between Russia and Iran rose in the first five months of the year 2016 by 70,9 percent compared with the same period in the year 2015 and amounted to $ 856 million.
In particular the Russian imported goods rose into Iran by 91,5 percent precipitously and amounted to $ 697 million.
Russian imported goods from Iran rose by 16 percent to $ 158 million.
Commercial recovery was reached by deliveries by machines, land vehicles and weapons,” said the Ambassador.
Dzhagaryan goes out for this year with a record number of Iranian tourists in Russia.
Last year spent the Russian representation abroad approximately 35,000 Visas, primarily Reisevisas, to Iranian citizens.
The moreover one reached Iran the Top 20 of the countries, which concerns the number of tourists in Russia.
One could say that the record numbers of Iranian tourists in Russia from the last year are broken, “said it.
At the same time only relatively few Russians visit Iran, something, from which the Ambassador hopes that it will change.
“I personally can recommend the visit of the cities Isfahan, Shiraz and Yazd, which received monuments of the old Persian civilization in a good condition,” said it.
A witness searched: Drinks cash-and-carry in Waldbröl attack
An armed robbery was committed on Thursday evening on the drinks cash-and-carry by Rewe XXL to the Waldbröler Gerberstraße.
Under reproach to a firearm demanded three darkly dressed people, who had disguised their faces, of the employee of the drinks cash-and-carry the publication of cash and fled afterwards first to foot and then probably with a silver Volkswagen gulf.
How much money was carried off, the police does not communicate.
The perpetrators are to have been between 1,60 and 1.70 meters largely, thus relatively small.
The drinks cash-and-carry is directly observable by the parking deck of the Rewe market out accessible and badly.
The perpetrators must after the assault toward Gerberstraße, Friedrich Engelbert way coagulated and of the crushed stone parking lot with the silver car, lain in relation to the multi-storey car park entry, to have fled, possibly toward B 256 (Schladernring).
Who made observations time of the crime (around 19.45 o'clock), in connection with the armed robbery, is to announce itself urgently at the police.
Gnawing old: Play and joke with summer spare time
Eight beautiful and glad days spent the children and young people of the social action-educational daily group/social group work of the child defense association gnawing old with their responsible persons on their summer spare time in nut village, in close proximity to Mühlacker.
In the leisure home calmly lain Hardtwäldle was quartered the life-joyful group during the first vacation week.
Several complete day trips stood on the program.
On the one hand it went to Bretten with the visit of the petting zoo.
On the other hand after Maulbronn, where there was a special child guidance in the world-famous monastery.
The third trip led after Pforzheim.
In the Celt museum in Hochdorf the group experienced much over the everyday life and the food of the Celts.
On the hot days diverted itself the group at Tiefensee in Maulbronn, which invited to jumping, swimming and Plan.
Children and responsible persons with of them became culinary prepared body foods like the sour Spätzle, the Seebronner Pfännle, Iselshauser Bloff, which English BREAK nearly and of Tübingen spoils Bolognese.
In workshops was batiked, beautiful pieces of jewellery of beads and stones to create or from wood a Roman mill play was made.
Further high points of the spare time were fishing in an nearby pond, the evenings at the fire and the concluding “multicolored evening”.
On the day of the journey home laughed the sun and the children and young person turned contently home.
Haigerloch: Pilgrims to the gate of the mercy
The servers from the pastoral care unit Eyachtal Haigerloch St. Anna were on the way on a four-day pilgrim migration from Villingen to Freiburg.
Four stages were mastered together.
In order to bridge the time up to the next Rome pilgrimage of all servers in presumably two years, the upper server round St. Anna decided to the preparation and execution of a pilgrim migration of several days.
Different pilgrimage goals was checked and one decided finally for the bishop city Freiburg, where in this year on the occasion of the holy year of the mercy with the gate of the mercy at the Freiburger Münster a special pilgrim goal, for this opened, was offered.
16 Minis from Bittelbronn, Gruol, Haigerloch and saint rooms made themselves on the way.
In the evening before minister Storost sent the pilgrims in a small celebration in St. Anna, blessed the pilgrim crosses and gave the pilgrim gene.
From Horb by course to the starting point Villingen was driven, where also a Münster of our love woman stands and was begun so the pilgrim way by Münster.
Individual daily tours ever by a short impulse with different prayers, songs and writing texts were framed in the morning and in the evening.
In addition, on the way the Minis at field crosses made to sing chapels or churches again and again rest around together a song out particularly arranged pilgrim song booklet.
For the overnight accomodation in each case parsonages of the local parishes were available.
At the stage goals Alexandra Burkhardt and Heidi Faller ensured for a tasty like dinner also strengthening and the breakfast.
It continued to go on the second day over Furtwangen to quality brook.
Tags on it one began the stage after St. Peter, who was the anstrengenste distance, had with stifling heat of first approximately 500 elevator meters to descend nevertheless and afterwards again ascend.
The earned reward was in the evening a common crickets at the bath pond.
To the morning impulse on the fourth pilgrim day in the impressive monastic church of St. Peter it went on the conclusion stage to Freiburg.
Obviously and happy arrived the Minis facilitates in the later afternoon at the Freiburger Münster and crossed the gate of the mercy.
With a small impulse one thanked to God here.
In the verspers in Münster at the pilgrim goal arrived the Minis of Kooperator Markus Obert was welcomed.
After the service the pilgrims could visit the vestry and the high altar.
On the next day was still time for the mash gau metropolis.
It went in the afternoon by course back to Horb.
At the conclusion were itself all participants united that the days were coined by spirituality and a strong community experience.
Partition Callum Skinner storms home, when a Britisher achieves gold for cycling
Scotland Callum Skinner rests last evening in the man team sprint in the velodrome in Rio to the fame, when the British team defended the title of London 2012.
The 23-year old from Glasgow took the anchor role, which its compatriot sir Chris Hoy had made itself own. The Jungspund made the legend proud, when it stormed home, in order to rake a victory of the favorites New Zealand.
England claimed a shocking victory before four years, while Hoy got the fifth of six olympia gold medals.
They repeated the trick, after they got a modest sixth place in March with the course world championships in London despite the resignation Hoys only.
The problem between Peking and London was the replacement of the Anfahrers Jamie Staff.
They did this in time as Hindes emerged.
Hoys retirement produced a gap, Kian Emadi and Matt Crampton tried to close.
Skinner was the man, with whom they remained, when they saw potential in the Scot, which now unfolded.
Hindes, Kenny - which triumphed before four years with Hoy - and Skinner set an olympia record in the qualifying rounds, but in the standard rounds the New Zealanders in the first round triumphed.
And the British trio won the duel also gold.
Hindes was past after its round scarcely, but Kenny brought forward the team and to Skinner held it.
A change of strategy constituted a large part of the transformation, with which Hindes drove in a higher course to hold in order to slow it down and to make it possible Kenny and above all Skinner, the speed.
Hoy watched of its position as an BBC expert out and was noticeable to Skinner, Kenny and Hindes, when these rose to the landing.
The 23-year old Skinner from Glasgow said: “It is a flattering comparison.”
I am only here, in order to do and for me a name make my best.
We set up an olympia record in the final round and defeated the world champions.
It was simply unbelievable.
There is no better kind this to win.
After Triumph 2012 at the page Kennys and Hoys admitted Hindes that he fell after a weak start intentionally on the course.
He did not withdraw this statement later and it came an objection of England rivals.
With so an outstanding victory there was this time none such problem.
Hindes said: “It feels with the whole GB of flags on the grandstand such as London.”
We met in the last three months as a team.
We got away with so many world titles so badly that it was unbelievable to win again with the Olympiad.
That is an event, a gold medal for the nation, which seven were won by 10 titles both in Peking and in London.
If that is a barometer of our progress in the last five months that expect us successful five days in the velodrome.
With the form Kennys is it in the range of the possible one that he repeats Hoys victory of three olympic gold medals in a competition.
That became for Kenny - which is 12 years younger exactly than Hoy, likewise to 23. March was born (an apparently holy date for the British sport; on the day also Steve Redgrave, Mo Farah and Roger Bannister born) - a yield of six gold medals and a silver medal to mean.
That would equal from Hoy.
Kenny participates next in the sprint, which begins today and will go over three days.
The 28-year old from Bolton said: “I enjoy this only for the moment.”
The team event is always best.
One can win it with its colleagues.
It feels somewhat lonely to win alone.
Hindes said: “If it two further gold medals wins, should be struck it to the knight.”
It was the only medal competition of the day, but there was further good news for England.
Sir Bradly Wiggins, OD Clancy, Steven Burke and Owain Doull qualified themselves with the fastest achievement in the quadripartite four-kilometer running.
They arrived at 3:51,942 at the goal.
The world record, which won 2012 in London gold, was with 3:51,659.
The first and final round (22.42) take place today on the second day of the Wettbewers, with which Wiggins with security will stand in the focus.
It had argued yesterday with assigned one before the qualification, when functionaries called it to itself, in order to measure its body size.
In the appropriate woman competition, which is continued tomorrow and terminated, Laura Trott, Joanna Rowsell Shand, Elinor Barker and Katie Archibald OF Milngavie in world record time was promoted in 4:13,260.
The GB team relies on its strong course wheel team, in order to dominate the middle period of the Olympic Games and to get a crowd at medals.
After a indeed unusual representation of absolute dominance in Peking and London expectations for Rio were driven down.
Drama in the background, as the resignation of the technical manager Shane Sutton in April in the midst of from sexism and bullying reproaches as well as the retirement took place from sizes as Hoy and Victoria Pendleton.
If one views oneself however the first evening of the competition in the velodrome, it looks whole like it, as if the legendary call GBs, which reached its high point to the perfect moment, could be repeated again.
Future of the Schmelzerei of Portland due to abolition of the energy contract questionably
The future of the aluminum melt of Portland in Victoria - as well as hundreds of jobs of workers - stand on the play, since the plant operator the energy supply contract will waive to quit and thus all supply contracts, as the supplying energy company communicated.
This step followed the decision of the government in Victoria Anfang of this year to assign no further subsidies for the enterprise of the plant.
For 20 years a specified subsidy runs out in November.
Up to 2000 jobs in the plant of Alcoa in Portland stand on the play.
Less than 2000 jobs - direct as well as indirect - could not be endangered with a locking.
Beyond that it could come to domino effects, since the Schmelzerei uses approximately 10 percent of the entire generation of current of Victoria.
2014 closed Alcoa the POINT Henry Schmelzerei, which led last year to a locking of the Anglesea of power station.
The Schmelzerei of Alcoa in Portland loses money and risks a locking.
This step follows the speculations for many years regarding the future of the plant, originally as consequence of the strong Australian dollar and last due to the electricity tariff for the plant.
AGL, which supplies the large Aluminiumschmelzerei with its Loy Yang A power station in Latrobe Valley, communicated that it assumes three further owners will quit their contracts.
The plant is in the majority possession a joint venture of Alcoa and Alumina, about which the Chinese enterprise CITIC and the Japanese Marubeni Corp hold smaller portions.
“AGL assumes the plant in Portland is further operated, which means a further physical demand for river by the Schmelzerei” communicated the enterprise.
AGL stated further that the contracts were so-called “safeguard business”, which should have stepped starting from November 2016 into force.
The contracts have a 12-month term of notice, so that they will end to 2017.
“Of from there it AGL assumes that the contracts will contribute in the financial year 17 to the incomes,” said the current supplier.
All potential effects on the incomes on AGL starting from the GJ 18 are at present limited by the prognoses of the strong option markets for wholesale electricity tariffs.
AGL communicated that it had already copied the value of the contracts in its Jahresabschlus at a value of $ 187 million in “expectation of a notice”.
Alcoa said that the decision to write the contracts off which does not impair " ability Alcoas… the Schmelzerei to operate or the current supply to the Schmelzerei not ensure”.
The US enterprise said that it had locked 2010 a 20-annual contract with Loy Yang, which from November this year on to go in effect should, even if it still another explanation is guilty, why it from the contract withdrew.
Analysts warn Schmelzerei in Victoria and the Tomago plant due to bad economical conditions of the industry before the possible locking the Portland in close proximity to Newcastle.
In reference to the statements of the analysts Anfang of the week the Head OF said operation Stephen Mikkelsen that Portland and Tomago approximately 900 megawatts at river use annually approximately 600 megawatts.
If both plants of the market should disappear, a substantial decrease of the demand would mean on [electricity market].
And for us as generators that would not be good,” said it.
More than only a Kardashian Reality TV star, Kendall is on the cover of the September edition Vogue
Kendall Jenner, 20, model and fourth daughter of the manager and mother of the Kardashian Jenner of clan Kris are on the cover of the September edition in demand of US Vogue.
Kendall, which is brand ambassador of Estee Lauder and on the Fashion Weeks in Milan, Paris and New York ran, announced the news on its Instagram account on Thursday.
“In an area of full people, which I love, the sight of this cover brought me to crying,” wrote Kendall.
The exposure of cover a bizarre (or simply Keeping UP with the Kardashians something similar?) followed, scripted Reality video, which shows the entire Kardashian Jenner family (with exception of the cases of problem Rob and Caitlyn as well as in presence of the all-side popular Showbiz uncle and producer of Keeping UP Ryan Seacrest), as they forget covers of their sister and with a classical idiom ends: they planned all a surprise party.
That represents the plate-afflicted action to almost any birthday episode of a child transmission (Seacrest brought the sentence, “you thought that we would have forgotten you? ,” with the honesty of an indication trick rabbit on a time slot at 8 o'clock), but their other girls had to somehow let Kris in the morning participate in this publicity.
With view to the September edition Vogue began a new era of the Kardashians with security.
Kendalls large sister Kim likes it, what concerns Vogue covers, struck (they and her man Kanye West were on it in April 2014 to see), but covers of the September edition of the magazine is a league for itself.
The September edition is for Vogue to usually most sold edition of the year.
With an extent, which resembles rather a book of pictures as a fashion magazine, the edition draws a large number on on advertisers (sound Fashionista were from the 832 pages of the tome 615 pages advertisement).
The exposure of its cover star is so longingly expected that in the last two years pictures of the magazine oozed still before the official publication.
Women, who already were on cover, cover Naomi Campbell, Linda Evangelista and Kate Moss.
In the last years clearly more was “famousnesses, those models” than “model, the famousnesses is” on cover.
OSCAR winner and Dior Markenbotschafterin Jennifer Lawrence was 2013 on cover, one year after lady Gaga the honour had.
But even with the slim chance that Mrs. Jenner - of the magazine as the “break-through model” of her generation is described - falls under the earlier category, it is it in good society.
This famousnesses is not related to famous people or Reality of star or young people today, that knows, like one a good Snapchat video turns (even if of it everything applies to Jenner).
They are really talented women, who are characterised in the entertainment industry.
Beyonce, which appeared on last cover, had one of the most successful years of its career with the publication of Lemonade.
Naturally Jenners success does not please everyone.
With its Reality TV history Jenners position was always somewhat strained in the fashion world.
In June the former Victoria's Secret model Stephanie Seymour Jenner and her colleague Gigi Hadid criticized and called it “the muck malice of the instant.”
These feelings cooked, when the message with the appearance Jenners on Vogue cover came out.
But seems to pass on the moroseness to harp on the point.
Kendall Jenner is on the cover of the September edition Vogue.
It is in the true sense of the word a supermodel.
It runs for Marc Jacobs.
It makes advertisement for your priming of Estee Lauder.
They and all their sisters sell pictures of itself on its respective Paywall apps to you.
It sells made pictures of Cindy Crawfords's daughter from it to the magazine LOVE.
And in their spare time it is to be seen in the Reality TV. Probably only, in order to see their sister Kourtney and their children.
Community right centers reject annually 160,000 people
More than 160,000 the Hilfsbedürfigsten of the country is rejected annually of the community right centers, while the industry makes itself calm on transactions already overloaded on the effects of further cuts in support.
In Queen country already three are rejected by five people - mostly older people, immigrants, needy workers, victims of acts of violence and those, who have no means for unfair Delogierungen and like - when their requesting on free legal advice and legal advice.
Legal services of the community, which are already excessively working at full capacity, get ready for further shortening.
Starting from June of next year it is intended that these right centers will lose further 30 percent of their Federal Funds.
The director of the Gemeindrechtszentren of Queesland James Farrell said that the last collection of the national combination of community right centers showed that thousands of people are already rejected each year.
Farrell said that the situation without an abolition of the resolution of the Federal Government would become only worse.
“Queen country community right centers are chronically underfunded, which meant that thousands of people are rejected by important services, which need you,” he said.
People, which leave violent relations, people with difficult-to-understand and crushing debts, families, which go through separations, worker, who unfair-proves to dismiss became - all to have problems of legal kind and this collection it shows these people that they cannot receive the assistance, whom they need.
The Federal Government will shorten the means starting from June 2017 by 30 percent, which means that thousands of hilsbedürftigeren people from Queen country will be forced to get along with their legal problems without any assistance.
We request the Chief Federal Prosecutor and Federal Minister of Justice as well as senators of Queen country George Brandis to waive these cuts in support immediately so that the people can receive the assistance, whom they need, for legal problems.
Last year fulfilled the federal state government their promise to raise means for legal aids to the national average.
It now is at the time to view itself the needs of the community right centers and their customer communities as well as that the government invests Palaszczuk into this important work.
Donald Trump election campaign accused after allegedly weapon pulled employees
New York: Donald Trumps's campaign of alleged inactivity it was accused after you were communicated that its campaign leader for North Carolina had directed a firearm in February toward an employee, while they were in February in a jeep on the way.
The incident is described in an indictment, which on Wednesday in the district court by Charlotte by Vincent Bordini one submitted, a former software programmer for the campaign in this Federal State.
Bordini indicated to have for months waited that the affair would be regulated internally, before it realized that “that would not happen.”
The campaign leader, Earl Philip, “pulled a pistol, put its right index finger on the departure, and rammed the run in Vincents knee throat,” indicated Bordini in his accusation.
After it had weighted during the local and regional campaign line, Bordini determined that already at least four further people had made the same experience with Phillip, indicated he in the indictment.
“Weapons do not have to be fired, in order to cause damage,” indicated Bordini.
The accusation comes only two days after the republican presidential candidate a riot released, when it said to a crowd in North Carolina that the “Second Amendment of people” - owners of firearm and weapon friends - should seize measures, if his rival Hillary Clinton are selected and judge should appoint.
Trumps campaign got straight that the media would have torn its words from the context and that it would not stimulate to the force.
Bordinis complaint requires payment of damages of the campaign for the injury of the duty to exercise diligence and of Philip because of bodily injury and lasting mental damage.
Trumps press spokeswoman Hope Hicks was not to be achieved for a statement.
Attempts to contact Philip failed likewise.
WCCB, a local news station in Charlotte, announces that Phillip is not longer employee of the campaign.
To calls with his consulting firm, one did not react to innovative consulting services.
The republican presidential candidate Donald Trump led so far a controversy campaign.
The procedure reads Bordini v. Donald J. Trump For President Inc., 16-CS-14300, Supreme Court, County OF Mecklenburg (Charlotte).
Berlin/Schwerin: Survey before land elections: SPD and CDU lose
With the lining up elections in the Federal states Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania (4 September) and Berlin (18 September) appear substantial losses for the government parties SPD and CDU.
Representative surveys of the polling institute INSA for the “picture” showed this - newspaper (Friday).
While the red-black government coalition in the north could govern scarcely further, this is not possible after the poll ratings in Berlin.
In both Federal states the SPD would be however the strongest party and would have good opportunities to place further the head of government.
In Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania the SPD of 35,6 percent fell before five years on 24 percent.
The party would lie thereby according to survey only scarcely before the CDU, which could come 23 percent.
The third place is between that linking and the AfD disputed.
The left one would come on 19 percent (before 18.4 percent), which would be AfD with 19 percent for the first time in the federal state parliament represented.
The Greens would draw federal state parliament despite more easily losses with 6 percent (before 8.7 percent) again into the Schweriner.
NPD and FDP would not be represented with in each case 3 percent in the federal state parliament.
With the citizens of Berlin House of Representatives election the SPD would only come according to the survey on 23 percent (choice 2011: 28.3 percent).
The CDU reached only 18 percent after 23,4 percent.
It would still lie thereby behind the Greens with 19 percent (2011: 17.6 percent), but before linking with 15 percent (before 11.7 percent).
The AfD would be for the first time in the Lower House represented with 14 percent.
With 5 percent the FDP could hope for a return, which pirates would miss against it contrary to 2011 the introduction.
Nokia 9000 Communicator: The first smartphones
Email and Internet in slow motion: Before 20 years Nokia Communicator came on the market.
The successors dominate today the world - its manufacturer experienced a disaster.
The equipment weighed nearly a half kilogram and was more than four times as heavy as an iPhone 5.
It was thicker and larger, it lay therefore also not well in the hand.
On the contrary, it was quite chunky.
The inserted memory amounted to at the beginning of eight megabyte, which became today for approximately two Selfies with high resolution is enough.
An iPhone is delivered meanwhile with at least 16 gigabyte.
“Nokia 9000 Communicator” came before exactly 20 years, on 15 August 1996, into the business - and it was the first smartphones.
For a few euro can lover the devices still on the Internet buy, but they originate somehow from the Stone Age of the Internet age.
Before 20 years however the Communicator was a sensation.
The Finnish mobile phone manufacturer had announced the product few months before on the computer fair a Cebit in Hanover as “office in the vest pocket format”.
Indeed, the new mobile phone knew a quantity for standards at that time: SMS and E-Mails could be sent and received, also by fax were the Communicator to be achieved.
Even that access to web pages was by HTML browsers possible, although tormenting slowly.
A pocket calculator was available, a digital directory and an electronic calendar.
There was a small antenna, and the mobile phone could be opened unfold similarly as a laptop.
Then were a small keyboard and a monochrome screen.
The price was rather proud: 2700 D-mark, thus about 1400 euros.
The average selling price of smartphones in Germany was 2015 with 392 euros.
Nobody could suspect 1996 in August that the Communicator would become the beginning of the smartphones era.
Since then is everything different.
The intelligent telephones are a success story, if also not for Nokia.
The mobile phone section of the Finns experienced an unprecedented disaster, at Microsoft was finally sold and completed.
Today providers, who came many later all than Nokia, control the market.
Always and everywhere online its, that is today for a great many humans everyday life.
2015 gave it world-wide almost two billion smartphones users.
Were sold about 1.4 billion devices, to Samsung and Apple been allotted of it alone 555 million pieces.
The world-wide revenue with the devices is with approximately 400 billion euro.
In addition those come well current operations of the countless app providers and the telecommunications groups.
Approximately around the smartphones in the meantime a whole industry developed.
The crucial break-through to the mass-market only at the beginning of 2007 came, at that time announced Apple boss of Steve Jobs on the Mac World the introduction of the iPhone.
He promised three devices in one: a music player, a telephone and an Internet communicator to serve everything by touch screen easily.
The triumphant advance of Apple began, this very day is the iPhone the most important product of the company.
Nokia, Motorola and Blackberry, which controlled the market, had a checking.
They disappeared finally, to Blackberry have to fight.
Now Apple and Asian providers have a saying such as Samsung.
The smartphones are 20 years after its invention a matter of course.
On average today each German looks in the meantime 88 times a day on its mobile phone.
“We must learn all to put away the smartphones also times”, said straight Janina Kugel, in the Siemens executive committee responsibly for staff.
Permanent accessibility is considered meanwhile as curse and benediction at the same time.
England must direct the olympic spirit and extend Heathrow
Heathrow will bring renewal and prosperity not only in our local municipalities and in all of London, but generally speaking country.
For me that represented the largest attraction Heathrows, exactly the same as at that time in 2012 in London, when we operated a large expenditure, in order to guarantee that all our nations and regions profited from the plays.
The Olympiad brought large advantages for Stratford and the East ends.
And that will again reach, as we for local men and companies create new possibilities in close proximity to Heathrow.
For our local communities we will create alone already 10,000 new training places, 40,000 new jobs and for youth unemployment in the airport environment an end will prepare.
As it us in London ahead 2012 were, it such will give, which will think that the challenge of the extension is too large Heathrows.
It was told me that England will be ready for the plays never and that we will disgrace ourselves on the world stage.
The sceptics had 2012 injustice and them also with Heathrow will wrongly lie.
There are always obstacles for overcoming, but Heathrow answers each question posed to him.
Like the Olympic Games Heathrow for many is and not for particulars an infrastructure project.
Extension is a possibility, in order to create up to 180.000 new jobs, £211 billion at witschaftlichem growth and to leave a legacy of abilities and occupation both around the airport and in completely GB.
We have a great team in Heathrow, which a £11 billion expensive infrastructure investment program in time and budget converted, of the T5 - which was selected five years in consequence to the world-best airport terminal, up to the T2, which was built in the midst of the two most frequented gangways of the world.
Now they stand ready a third gangway to supply, which is supported by £16 billions at private investments.
The London of plays of 2012 was a large success for GB and I am confident that the extension of Heathrow will likewise be one.
It is time that we direct this olympic spirit and extends Heathrow as well as secures our future trade and a legacy of talents and creates occupation, on which England be proud can.
Lord Paul Deighton is a chairman of the Heathrow board and former Commercial Secretary ton the Treasury
Adblock plus, Facebook in “Katz-und mouse play” concerning indicator blocking
For enterprises, those with online advertisement money earn equal according to one the software vendor attempts to go around indicator blocking “Katz and a mouse play”.
On Thursday, only two days after to Facebook that it would block indicator blockings on its desktop side, published Adblock plus announced a blog post office, in which it communicated that users could update their filters in the program, in order to block advertisement in the social network again.
On Tuesday Facebook communicated that its desktop side would change the encoding concerning its adverts, in order it to indicator blockings the recognition over it, which part of the side advertisement is, to make more difficult to recognize.
But Adblock announced that it found a new way to go around the new codes.
In a blog post office the spokesman of Adblock Ben William that “this kind is already and ago fight between indicate-blocking Open Source Community and the Umgehern since the invention of indicator blockers under way, wrote” and that it is possible that Facebook comes soon with a new solution.
The fact that the world largest enterprise for social media admitted itself into the fight, is a strong indication for it how causing concern indicator blockers for the industry became.
World-wide approximately 200 million people use indicator blockers according to a study of the last year of PAGE fair and Adobe; nearly four times so much 2013.
With 1.03 billion daily active users, who access Facebook over their mobile terminals, mobile phone advertisement constitutes 84 percent of the advertising revenue of Facebook.
The enterprise has it on indicator blockers on desktop PC foreseen, since mobile indicator blockers do not have effect on of Facebook mobile app for the social network and Instagram, communicated a spokesman.
Advertisement on desktop PC constitutes a sufficient large portion of the incomes, so that Facebook appears the investment of such a step as be worth worth.
On Tuesday Facebook communicated that it would update its “indicator preference tools”, in order to have the people more control over on it advertisement aimed at.
On Thursday Facebook stated that Adblocks would be causing concern new filters, because they would block also contents on the side, which is not advertisement.
“For the users no positive experience represents, from there plans we to address the problem” communicated a spokesman of Facebook in a report of email.
Indicator blockers are a blunt means, why we us instead on developer tools such as Ad Preferences concentrated, in order to put more control into the hands of the people.
Woman with supposed suicide on Swiss motorway run over
The victim lay in the middle in the night on the motorway.
The police calls witnesses, after a woman became to run over in the early morning hours on Thursday with a supposed suicide from several vehicles on a motorway.
The incident occurred on the A1 in close proximity to Morges in the canton Waadt shortly after midnight.
A woman put in the dark one “in an act of the despair” on the road and by several cars was met, stated the police in Waadt.
It is obvious that a Swiss at the age of 49 years, who became to run over from several vehicles, including a truck, wanted to even kill itself.
She died still locally.
Several drivers were already heard, but were not identified some yet, said the police, which requests these as well as each witness of the incident to announce itself.
A preliminary investigation was opened, what a step is “more logical” in such a situation, Gilles Hofstetter communicated to the Le Tribune de Geneve.
It remains awaiting however whether one will be shown the driver.
Was a collision avoidable?
That is something that the public prosecutor must decide,” said Hofstetter.
Two similar cases in the last five years show that the drivers are not pulled for responsibility.
In each of the two cases - with those a person in the dark one on the motorway ran - it was decided that the drivers do not have to assume a pedestrian runs in the middle in the night on the motorway, as it meant in the newspaper.
Last year was acquitted a police woman of the negligent homicide, after it had run over and had killed a man, who was appropriate in August 2014 the night on the A1 in close proximity to Payerne.
The 22-year old victim had drunk and on the road unconscious became, heard the court.
The court stated that the police woman -- to an emergency call had answered -- in a justified way and that the presence of a man on the road was a “perfectly unusual and unforeseeable situation”, said the judge drove.
Everyone, which has further information to the incident on Thursday in close proximity to Morges, should announce itself at the police under the number 021 to,644 83 46 or 021,644 44 44.
NASA climatic model: Venus was once habitable
The Venus was probably once habitable according to the projections new NASA of a climatic model.
Scientists at the Goddard of institutes for space Studies of NASA developed a model, in order to discover the past of the Venus on the basis from tools and algorithms, which resemble those from climatologists.
The model was sketched, in order to determine, whether the Venus with their were called, waterless surface and CO2 densities atmosphere once earthsimilar conditions to have exhibited could.
Scientists pointed before to the fact that the slow revolution of the Venus could be explained by their close atmosphere.
But newest simulation points to the fact that a thin, earthsimilar atmosphere could have had the Venus and nevertheless slowly kept turning themselves.
The model lit up also the topography of the early Venus.
The planet exhibited probably more dry areas than de Erde, but had once enough water and geographical variability to accommodate over lives and before fast evaporation protected.
The early Venus profited also from a sun, which was more matte 30 percent.
“In the GISS model simulation the slow revolution of the Venus exposes their daily side of the sun nearly two months long,” explained GISS scientist Anthony Del Genio in a press release.
This warms up the surface and produces rains, which creates a thick layer clouds, which like an umbrella works, in order to shield the surface from a majority of the solar heat.
The result are average temperatures, which are cool some degrees as those the earth today.
The model brought a history out of the Venus, which the evolution resembles, which was assumed before by planet researchers.
Although it was probably habitable once, were the Venus -- in the run more mehrer billions years --too much heat and ultraviolet light suspended.
Its oceans evaporated and its water vapour by the ultraviolet light one burned away.
As its hydraulic gene stayed only a thick atmosphere at carbon dioxide with a deadly greenhouse effect escaped -- the Venus, which like we know it today.
The researchers divided the results of their new Venus Klimamodells in the Geophysical Research Letters.
Patrick Roy withdraws as a coach of the Avalanche
Patrick Roy withdrew on Thursday as coach and Vice President OF Hockey operation Colorado Avalanche and stated a too small right of codetermination with the decision-making process of the team.
Alternative president/general Manager of Colorado's Joe Sakic confirmed this decision and marked that the club will look immediately for a new coach.
“In the last three years has I mean obligations as coach and Vice President OF Hockey operation Colorado Avalanche with energy, fulfilled passion and certainty,” expressed myself the 50-year old Roy in a statement.
I thought in the course of the summer for a long time and much about it, how I could improve this team, to bring in order to lend to it more depth, this it needed and it on a higher level.
In order to reach this, the vision of the coach and Vice President OF Hockey must be perfectly with those the organization co-ordinated operation.
It must have also a right of codetermination with decisions, which affect the achievement of the team.
These conditions are momentarily not fulfilled.
Sakic, the Roy to 23. May 2013 had hired, thanked you it for its contributions for the team.
“Patrick informed me today about this decision, said” Sakic.
We estimate all that he did for our organization and to wish him for the future only the best.
Roy was distinguished during its debut season with the Avalanches 2013-14 as a winner of Jack Adams Awards as the best coach of the league.
It led the club on 112 points and on the first place in the cent ral vision, but Colorado was struck in the first round the play-off from Minnesota and missed in everyone of the two last years the off-season.
The Avalanches registered 39-39-4 in the season 2015-16 a brand and dropped back behind the game for a second wildcard spots into the westerns Conference around five points.
As Hall of Fame goalkeeper won Roy four Stanley Cups -- two pieces with the Montreal Canadiens and the Avalanche.
Nordeseeölarbeiter take up again discussions, suspend strike
The labor disputes concerning the remuneration for North Sea oil workers suspended, while all parties to the dispute for a new round of talks sit down to the table, said negotiators.
Strikes against the oil field service provider Wood Group were accomplished sporadically on platforms in the North Sea, which are operated by Royal Dutch Shell.
“Wood Group as well as the Unite and FCS trade unions can confirm that we united us to begin the completion process of the present controversy again” are called it in a common statement.
We will hold some all day meetings in the next weeks, will begin at the beginning of next year, in order to concern the problems again.
The trade unions said that their last strike, which is first in over 25 years was a protest against possible wage cuts of up to 30 percent.
Wood Group shortened this year the rates to its Kontraktoren in the North Sea around approximately 9 percent due to negative market printing.
The rate shortening of the enterprise follows a 10-percent decrease for Onshore contractors in the year 2014.
The enterprise said that additional shortening the necessary area to the enterprise gives, in order to come by the market wing over.
Shell announced plans for its part thousand from people to dismiss and to give its oil and gas business activities up in up to 10 countries since it rationalizes its business activities as consequence of its megaunion with the British energy company BG Group.
Energy companies are due to the lower crude oil prices under pressure, an economic situation, which itself by the decision of the British in June to leave the European union had strengthened.
The Scottish member of parliament Dave Anderson met earlier this week with worker leaders, in order to discuss one of the largest work disputes, which took place since a generation in the North Sea.
The North Sea is important for the regional economy, said it.
“In the North Sea and generally speaking country we need an economy, which functions for many and not only for few,” said it in a statement.
2016 is expected on the average approximately less than $ 1.4 billion at expenditures for new projects in the North Sea compared with $ 7 billion in the last five years.
Kepler does without rotation rate of stars in the heap of star of the pleiads
The newest mission with the Kepler space telescope helped astronomers to collect the most complete catalog at rotation rates under the stars of the heap of star of the pleiads.
The new data help to understand the astronomers, as well as why stars in the heap of star rotate themselves to different rates in which connection the rotation periods with the planet emergence.
“We hope that we experience more by comparing our results with other heaps of star, over the relationship between the mass of a star, its age and even the history of its solar system,” said Luisa Rebull, a researcher at the Caltech's Infrared processing and analysis center in Pasadena, in a press release.
The heap of star of the pleiads lies 445 light-years remotely from the earth.
Many stars in this heap of star, which originated in approximately 125 million years ago, reach now the adult age.
They turn now fastest.
To point rotation rates these maturing stars discharge large quantities of star hoists.
Since this hoist by the magnetic fields of the stars travel, they have a braking effect on the stars.
If a star ages, its rotation rate begins to slow down.
Kepler does without the rotation rate of each star, by he the time between the appearance of a recognizable star mark -- like sunspots -- recognizes.
The newest catalog of rotation rates points out that more solid stars turn more slowly than less solid stars.
Rebull compares the stars with dancers, whereby larger stars of slow pirouettes turn as smaller.
“In “clench” the pleiads see we that slow rotors tend to be more substantial whereas faster rotors tend to be very bright of stars” said to Rebull.
Since the heap of star of the pleiads is so close, it serves as ideal cosmic laboratory, in order to compare stellar qualities such as rotation rates.
“The heap of star of the pleiads offers an anchor for theoretical models of the stellar rotation in both directions, younger and older,” said Rebull.
It lies still much before us about what we gladly to learn more wants, how how, when and why stars slow their rotation rates down and hang their “dancing pumps up” as it were.
Rebull and their colleagues reported in detail in three newspaper reports on its newest analysis of the rotation rates of the pleiads, which will appear soon in the Astronomical journal.
A disputed baseball star retires
The tears ran with Alex Rodriguez faster than the US-baseball-star in best days from base to base.
After his emotional resignation publication the 41 years old professional will carry a last mark the tricot of its New York Yankees on 12 August against the Tampa Bay Rays.
“I love this play and this team.”
“I say 'Goodbye' to both”, explained the 14-malige all-star game participant major League baseball (MLB).
Three times Rodriguez was selected to the most valuable player of the league, 2009 won it with the Yankees the World Series.
Its signature under a toe annual contract gave to it since 2007 annually 27 million US Dollar.
Up to the end of the contract on 31 December 2017 it functions in the future than advisors and youth coach - with full content.
As a player it paid Rodriguez back long time with achievement.
With 696 Homeruns, 3114 hits and 2021 points for its teams (“run”) for the Seattle Mariners (1994 to 2000), Texas Rangers (2001 to 2004) and since 2005 the Yankees it created some milestones.
With the resound OF Fame members Hank Aaron and Willie Mays exhibit only two further baseball players in the most important statistics similar values.
But into the fame hall of the baseball the 41-year old might not be taken up nevertheless.
Because Rodriguez - nickname “A-Rod” - on the field was so successful, so disputed is its occurrence outside of the place.
Already 2009 admitted the superstar with “ESPN” between 2001 and 2003 forbidden steroids to itself to have taken.
In August 2013 it became closed due to an involvement in the so-called biogenous SiS scandal to at the end of 2014 for 211 portions.
Rodriguez is considered as a main suspect for many years over a anti Aging hospital in south Florida work-promoting means to have received.
After a law case the barrier was reduced still to 162 meetings.
“The league could have done for the year 2014 even a favour to me, because I had played, said 20 years to the end without break” Rodriguez at that time smugly.
Also its parting days do not pass noiseless.
While many baseball legends in their last plays receive again the large stage, Rodriguez had to sit frequently on the bank.
“My job does not contain a parting tour.”
“My job contains the attempt to win each play”, corroded Yankee coach Joe Girardi.
Nevertheless Rodriguez, which was married with the actress Cameron Diaz and to who conditions with pop star Madonna and the actress Kate Hudson are repeated, got sympathy declarations of the fans about the Yankee archrival Boston talks Sox.
“Incoming goods want A-Rod”, sang the supporters with the 4:9-Niederlage against the Rodriguez team.
Olympia 2016: Chen Xinyi, Silwia Danekowa and Adrian Zielinski are first cases of doping
Gotten: Because of positive doping sample weight lifter Adrian Zielinski from Poland may not start in Rio.
Rio de Janeiro - which become Olympic Games 2016 overshadowed by first official cases of doping.
A gotten athlete would have won nearly a medal.
Before the seventh match day first official cases of doping are the Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro admit become.
The Chinese swimmer Chen Xinyi, 3000-Meter-Hindernisläuferin Silwia Danekowa from Bulgaria and the Polish weight lifter Adrian Zielinski were tested positively and excluded in Brazil - directly before the beginning of the anyway critically eyed track-and-field events competitions these news comes to the wrong time.
With Chen on past Sunday the diuretic Hydrochlorothiazide had been already proven, which is used as masking means for doping UBS dancing.
The international sport Court of Justice CAS confirmed its exclusion of the Olympic Games on Friday afternoon local time.
On Sunday the 18-year old fourth place in the final over 100 m butterfly had occupied, only by 0.09 seconds missed it thereby the bronze medal.
On Friday Chen should have participated in the advances over 50 m freestyle.
Chen requested the opening of the B-sample and a hearing at the international olympic committee (IOC).
The national federation takes the affair “very seriously and requires of Chen full co-operation with the investigations”, to quoted Xinhua from a report: “We will co-operate with the international sport Court of Justice CAS and will become the judgement to accept”.
For the first time in history no more is responsible the IOC, but CAS for sanctioning the sportsmen with positive cases.
Likewise in the night of Rio the message oozed over the positive sample with Danekowa, the 33-year old went thereby even into the offensive.
“I had three tests, all negatively, and my fourth test was”, this was positively “an unbelievable shock”, said it to the Bulgarian TV-transmitter BNT.
It is innocent, “the only explanation could food supplements be”, explained the athlete.
According to the report it is to concern with the forbidden substance the blood doping agent EPO.
Danekowa was provisionally suspended, according to BNT is to have already positively failed also the B-sample.
Of Bulgaria Prime Minister Bojko Borissow announced itself immediately with criticism at the athlete to word.
“I do not understand, why the sportsmen draw, said not the correct conclusions” he: “We Bulgarian stand under observation, so many were already excluded”.
So about all weight lifters from the chronically doping-loaded nation may not participate in Rio.
On Friday also the case became “Adrian Zielinski” admits, who became London olympia winner in the class up to 85 kg like its brother Tomasz three days before positively on the anabolic steroid Nandrolon tested.
Both deny the income, both may however not in the class up to 94 kg start.
Before the start of the light athletes the case Danekowa is particularly a further heavy impact for the reputation of the entire kind of sport.
The world union IAAF had forbidden with one exception because of systematic doping the start, also the runner nation Kenya to the complete Russian crew produced in Rio numerous bad news.
In swimming besides earlier offences in China had ensured for violent arguments also between the athletes.
Thus the Frenchman Camille Lacourt attacked the Chinese olympia winner Sun Yang harshly.
“Sun Yang pees purple.”
“If I the podium over 200 m freestyle see, want to hand over I”, said myself Lacourt in the French radio.
Sun was located besides in the center of an argument with the Australian Mack Horton.
“I do not have time and no respect for doping cheats”, said to this.
Sun had been positively tested 2014 with the Chinese championships on the stimulant Trimetazidin, had to serve however only a three-month barrier.
Datenklau: So perfidiously hackers extort their ransom money
Programmers von Erpressungs-Malware seize up-to-date aimed enterprises on and are successful thereby.
According to a current survey of the malware defense specialists malware bytes under 540 enterprises in North America, Great Britain and Germany 40 percent of the asked companies became at least once, partly repeated in the past twelve months victims of an attack with blackmailer software.
In Germany scarcely 20 percent of the companies was already once a goal of an Ransomware extortion.
Readily the ransom money demanded by the perpetrators paid 40 percent of the victims, in order to be able to use the attacked systems and data again.
The perpetrators specialize their blackmailer software appreciably according to the observations of malware bytes in attacks into firm networks.
If they are there successful, that fails potential ransom money which can be extorted clearly more highly than with private users.
“We observe up-to-date a terrifying fast evolution of the malware”, explain malware byte boss of Marcin Kleczynski in the discussion with the “world”.
2008 was appropriate most malware programs still to send advertisement away.
Then the perpetrators discovered extortion software for itself.
First private users were the goal, but the change to firm attacks took place in the past months alarmingly fast.
Ransomware works after a simple sample: Once on the computer of a victim actively, it looks for purposefully after recently changed files as for instance Word, Excel or database files as well as after archives of pictures and videos.
These files code the Ransomware and delete the originals effectively.
Subsequently, the software presents the demands of the blackmailers.
In order the final key code to the files too gotten, the victims money - usually in form of the Cryptowährung Bitcoin - must transfer.
But where with private users the personal photo database stands on the play, it concerns at companies sensitive customer data or project databases, without which production stands still.
Accordingly more highly the damage fails, if a Ransomware slams shut.
22 percent of the German companies concerned turnover losses announced by Ransomware, to 13 percent had even the business activity completely to interrupt, to a case were humans in mortal danger.
In Germany hospitals victims of attacks, whose patient can be threatened by the loss of patient documents acutely, were already repeated.
“We always say to the victims: Does not pay, if you promotes thereby only the problem”, Kleczynski explains.
But 80 to 90 percent of the companies, which pay, gets their data back.
For managers it is difficult to reject in view of stop in the enterprise the demand of the perpetrators.
The hackers again know that and try everything, in order to develop a good reputation.
In a current study the safety researchers of F-Secure examined the user surfaces and the contact with the blackmailers and to come to the result: The perpetrators actually try to develop a kind customer service in order to take more funds.
They explain to their victims by chat, how they can pay by Bitcoin, furnish freely accessible support websites or decode in vain example files.
And private individuals are released after payments by few hundred euros, must negotiate enterprises partly hard and pay sums of five figures, in order to get back their data unencrypted.
In view of the potential high and profits relatively without risk from the Ransomware extortion the hackers ever more professionally and to divide the work, explains itself security expert Chester Wisniewski of the anti-virus provider Sophos: “Individual person can write a Ransomware about within one week.”
More probable is it however that it concerns three or four people.
The programmers sell their malware then in form of a software component system to the actual blackmailers.
The past malware kits developed, as the malware, consultation and additional tools for a unique, fixed price between 1000 and 10,000 dollar were bought.
“Adjustment tools are contained in the scope of supply, so that smaller configurations, appearance and development of brands can be changed”, say Wisniewski.
The blackmailers look for each other then further hackers, in order to spread the freshly bought software among the victims.
We live in a service economy.
One logs oneself thus into one of the forums in the underground, buys the set of a criminal one and assigns a further to install the software on as much as possible PCs.
The payment takes place per infected computer.
“Usually the criminal ones assign then spammer the spreading”, explain Wisniewski.
The risk of Ransomware is meanwhile well-known with many enterprises, which secure their data better.
Over 50 percent trust the company IT responsible person in the malware byte survey to be able to repel Ransomware by means of file baking UPS and Scannersoftware.
Accordingly the perpetrators pursue already new strategies.
“If the encoding of data alone no sufficient threat for successful Erpessung more is, threatens the perpetrators instead with the publication of sensitive data as for instance, malware byte boss of Marcin Kleczynski explains customer master lists or price estimations”.
Thus the damage potential is higher depending upon kind of the data still around a multiple than before.
Also the perpetrators could take in the future completely new goals on the Internet the things on the grain.
To the conference of hacker Defcon demonstrated safety researchers, how they could get a connected thermostat with the Internet under their control.
In the middle in the winter de-energizing of an in such a manner blocked heating so some victim could quite be worth a ransom money.
If the perpetrators block a whole production line in a factory then instead of the heating in the future, Ransomware could become also in the industry 4,0 a topic.
One for all cases
Honda HR-V is flexible and suitable for daily use
Into the small HR-V Honda wants to pack everything: little SUV, little coupé and also still the versatility of a minivan.
Sounds rather overloaded, but the HR-V, which was designed on the same new platform as the new jazz, actually proves in the everyday life as expressed flexible.
Although only the 1.60 m work high HR-V rather small, the passengers have both in the front row and in the fund much place, works nowhere closely.
The materials of the interior are well finished and work pleasantly, only the cockpit top side drop there somewhat.
More versatile than comparable vehicles the HR-V is with the reservoir.
A trunk is not only available highranking and 1026 l of 453 l at with turned down backrests, but there are the “Magic Seat”.
That is less magic, than it sounds: The seat faces of the back bank can be lifted up and offered like cinema armchairs thereby reservoir, which is high from the ground to covering 1.24 m.
The trunk can be loaded well, however loading height with 650 mm is somewhat higher than with comparable Peugeot 2008.
The tested 1,6-l-Diesel with 88 kW/120 HP accelerates the HR-V owing to the torque of up to 300 Nm in far speed ranges very strong.
He might perform its work however somewhat more quietly.
The everyday life consumption of 4,7 l/100 km is pleasing.
There is still another further motorization: a 1,5-l-Benziner with 96 kW/130 HP.
An all-wheel drive is not offered.
The handling is balanced, a good compromise between dynamics and comfort.
The steering element might be somewhat more direct however.
The equipment does not leave desires open in the tested Top variant “Executive”.
To the safety systems belong the town center emergency brake assistant (works to speed 32), the collision warning system and the trace retaining assistant.
The Kollisionswarner irritates sometimes, because it evaluates many obstacles when ranking as “approaching objects”.
The high beam assistant works very reliably.
And the intelligent speed controller reacted to the road sign recognition and throttles if necessary the speed.
Full connectivity gives it however only for the Top equipment: 7-Zoll-Touchscreen, Navi, app integration and more.
Two USB and a HDMI socket are under the arm rest and are somewhat pedantic therefore to reach.
Those approximately 29000 euros for the well equipped Top Diesel are correct.
Who does not want to invest so much, receives the gasoline-driven car starting from 20000 euros, the Diesel starting from 23000 euros.
The engines fulfill the Euro-6-Abgasnorm.
With the HR-V Honda offers a versatile and suitable for daily use car.
Airline does not cling: Fall on aircraft passenger bridge
An airline is not responsible for the fall of a passenger on the aircraft passenger bridge.
Because a liability is only with dangers conceivably, which are typical for air traffic, argued the higher regional court Duesseldorf (Az.: 18 U 124/14).
The plaintiff had broken with the fall a kneecap.
The accident could have however everywhere happened - so the court concerns a general life risk.
The airline did not have to pay compensation to the man.
Medical case: When the organizer pays
Gotten sick holiday-makers get back money after their travel only if the cause of the illness is to be found free of doubts in the hotel.
That is however the case only if more evidentially the same symptoms show than ten percent of the guests.
In the case negotiated a family was on the second day of its Turkey vacation heavily at diarrhea and vomiting gets sick.
She spent nearly the entire vacation in the room.
The holiday-makers attributed their illness to a defective purification plant, which had gotten allegedly the sea water dirty.
The family was the opinion, the travel thereby unsatisfactorily was - and complained against the organizer.
In court the plaintiffs did not have a success.
The purification plant was indeed defective.
But the organizer experienced only shortly before departure of the plaintiffs from it.
It had to assume by then the sea water was correct.
It did not injure its duties to supply information thus, so the judgement.
Particularly since in the samples of the water no impurities were found.
The illness of several hotel guests - possibly by infection among themselves - belongs to the general life risk.
Were from 691 guests only 38 gets sick.
De Maizière said, after the acts of violence in Wuerzburg and Ansbach, committed by refugees, in July would have many humans concern before further attacks.
The state must react deliberated and decided at the same time to dangers of terrorism.
Is safe: Our country will not answer the force of the perpetrators with hate and splitting.
We will not grant the terrorists to this Triumph.
If offenders had to leave faster the country, increase however security and strengthened also the agreement of the population for the refugee politics.
De Maizière wants to reach a conversion of the proposals up to the election to the Bundestag 2017.
He announced also a further personnel reinforcement of the security forces, “in middle order of magnitude four digit over several years”.
Sympathy advertisement for terrorism must stand again under punishment.
Closed circuit television is to be improved, the gun law to be in such a way amended that above all the purchase by weapons on the Internet one makes more difficult.
Those last much discussed professional secrecy for physicians is to remain protected after de Maizières words.
However it wants to search in the dialogue with the medical profession for solutions, how the endangerment of the citizens can be reduced, said it with view approximately on psychological distinctive features.
In order to work against a radicalization of refugees, the Minister considers a better social support necessary.
Instructors would have to be prepared better for handling traumatized humans.
For the pursuit of criminal ones within special ranges of the Internet (Darknet) de Maizière plans the employment of covered investigators.
SPD head Gabriel said: “the SPD is ready to talk about everything which contributes to it, security further to increase”.
It is important that the Minister of the Interior expressed itself clearly against excessive desire for action.
“That was a slap for the hell-raisers in the CDU/CCSU”, said Gabriel to the newspapers the spark medium group (Friday).
De Maizière had rejected calls from the union before after a Burka prohibition and the abolishment of the double nationality.
Consider a general prohibition of the full concealment it constitutionally problematic.
One cannot forbid everything, what one rejects, and I reject carrying the Burka.
One knows speeches over rules for instance in the traffic or for witnesses in court.
Green boss Simone Peter accused, he wants with always new anti-terror packages energy and capacity to act to the Minister to simulate.
Left party chief Bernd Riexinger said: “Fleet of sayings and an aggravation of the unlimited right to residence do not bring in this country any more security” to humans.
Better flow of traffic on the feeder route
Accumulates regularly on the by-pass road - here a picture from November.
But that is to change: The right turn-off lane is to be extended.
That is a good message for all drivers, who in the rush hour on the environment road each evening in the back-up, if they drive over the feeder route (A 43).
The national enterprise road construction extends on coming Tuesday and Wednesday (16. /17 August) within the range between the hammer road and the departure Weseler road the Rechtsabbiegerspur around 700 meters.
Drivers can contrive then directly from the hammer road right.
The large advantage: Traffic divides itself more promptly, whereby the global process on the much-traveled section of the federal highway 51 is improved.
The idea with the extended exit had the CDU parliamentary group in the district agency Münster west.
The lane narrowing on the feeder makes the drivers nervous particularly between 17 and 19 o'clock.
The back pressure reaches sometimes also beyond that on workdays up to the bridge over the Albersloher way and.
Reason is the needle eye on B 51 shortly before the departure Weseler road.
Traffic only single-lane one is directed off here over the motorway bridge.
The second trace had to be back-built forwards for years well in-three-quarter.
The reason: Static calculations had showed that the bridge does not possess no more the necessary carrying capacity, in order to take up above all the heavy transport two-lane.
How long this bottleneck and the associated work-daily back-up will persist, the responsible national enterprise cannot say.
However is to be counted with years: Because the bridge has an official rest service life up to the year 2034.
For the extension of the right turn-off lane the national enterprise selected consciously the traffic-weaker time in the vacations, because on handicaps is to be counted.
Traffic is led past on Tuesday and on Wednesday single-lane at the building site.
Intercultural travel: Cultural offers for schools
The international class of the forest school visited the play “the invisible house”.
The club Nima's and the boy the theatre plan now a music project.
The club Nima's makes young people possible with migration and refugee background to visit cultural institutions in Münster.
The “class international” of the forest school children's refuge visited a conception of the price-crowned piece “the invisible house” of the boy of theatre Münster.
In the context of the club of the Nima's “visited 19 pupils initiated intercultural travel” between eleven and 15 years the production in the small house.
Since the beginning of the year the club, which sat down the cultural integration of young people with migration and refugee background to the goal, offers the possibility to schools with welcome classes of visiting in the context of this project cultural institutions in Münster.
Most young people of the class came between September 2015 and March 2016 among other things from Afghanistan, Iran, Serbia and Syria to Münster and would speak little German.
Owing to the choreographies, the scenic pictures and video animations it was possible them to follow the action process nevertheless so the press release of the boy of theatre Münster.
The club Nima's, based of Dr. Tannaz west hereditary suppl. from Sprakel, and the boy the theatre in the coming play time in the context of a concert hall project will co-operate.
From October to Decembers young people with and without escape and migration background are to receive the possibility between 14 and 20 years, professionally trained courses within the ranges singing, dance, to visit play and music.
Offers for children and families within the range theatre play and theatrale language switching are in planning.
The project “intercultural travel” continues.
In view of the increased refugee numbers the club counts on many classes, which want to take part.
Rain instead of meteors: Hope for weather improvement
The weather made the meteor Guckern in the southwest of Germany at the night Friday a line by the bill - nevertheless there is still hope.
The night was badly suitable because of clouds and rains to observe the sky spectacle said a chairman of the observatory Welzheim, Hans-Ulrich Keller, on Friday morning.
Our hope is on the night to Saturday.
The weather should be good, then see we determines many meteors in the sky.
With the star sheds it concerns Perseiden, which belong at 216000 kilometers per hour to the fastest meteors.
They have their name, because they come apparently from the constellation Perseus, which comes up in the northeast.
Restful night: Hint against sleep disturbances
In the evening one turns over eternally, at night lies itself one awake for hours, in the morning is already far before that bell bells no longer of sleep to be thought.
That is everything but restful.
One nevertheless is with such problems in good society: According to Robert Koch-Institut about a quarter of the adults sleep disturbances and more do not have their sleep as ten percent to feel frequently or permanently than restful.
How do sleep problems or sleep disturbances express themselves?
There are several forms of sleep disturbances, and various causes can be the basis for them, stress Hans-Günter Weeß, Vorstandsmitglied of the German society for sleep research and sleep medicine.
Which one understands popularly by it, are however the Insomnie, thus an in and a Durchschlafstörung.
Many humans feel straight sleeping through as unsatisfactory or say insufficient, Jens Wagenknecht, Vorstandsmitglied in the German family doctor federation with practice in the Varel of Lower Saxony.
What is behind sleep disturbances?
The causes of sleep disturbances are complex.
Behind it organic, psychological or behavior-conditioned factors, in addition, medicines can put.
Pretty often the sleep disturbance is expression of another illness.
“Very early waking up is particularly frequent with a depression”, says Weeß.
And it can be that different factors cause each other.
Who has for example a herniated disc, can lie badly, wakes up all two to three hours and possibly begins, over everyday problems and - to brood, give Weeß ensure an example.
That leads to strain, and sleep is not possible any longer.
Starting from when should one with sleep disturbances to the physician?
Who sleeps during one period of one month at least three nights per week not well and is impaired on the day, Weeß should go to the physician, guesses/advises.
The impairment can look completely different: One is reduced, tired, unausgeschlafen, has difficulties with the attention and the concentration, is easily attractionable, has changes in mood or physical complaints such as stomach or headache.
In order to alleviate the sleep disturbance, is important it to find their causes out.
As treatment options are applicable among other things changes of behavior, a cognitive behavior therapy or also medicines - classical sleeping pills only in the exceptional case and at the most for two weeks -.
The established sleep medical profession it hardly gives, stresses Leiter of the interdisciplinary sleep-medical center of the Charité university University of Berlin in Germany Professor Ingo Fietze.
Therefore one should turn for sleep problems first to the family doctor, guesses themselves Weeß.
That can clarify with investigations whether the problems have a physical cause.
Who should in the sleep laboratory, and which happens there?
To the investigation in the sleep laboratory the medical profession guess/advise for example when snoring with breath dropouts, with diseased daily tiredness, with sleep-walkers or if one does not find the cause of a Durchschlafstörung, Fietze explains.
For the investigation to prepare one does not have itself actually.
One should spend the day normally.
“Only please” Fietze make, say no midday sleep.
To wiring one goes to its normal time to bed.
Beside the electrodes at the body one carries nose glasses, a chest belt and a feeler at the finger.
Besides a camera at the cover notes to the sleeping.
How can concerning the problems get into the grasp?
There are rather many set screws, at which one can set for a better sleep.
Weeß enumerates: Regular sleeping and rising times, not too long in bed are, because of the day do not sleep, do not watch television for falling asleep, alcohol avoid and on the clock do not look at night - then one begins to count immediately, and that is not favorable at all.
Which has the Dschungelcamp with missing medals in swimming too
The former German float Markus Deibler expressed itself by Facebook for disappointing cutting of the DSV team off with Olympis.
In December 2014 it had gotten and set up gold with the short course world championships in Doha for the first time thereby its first world record at the same time.
Now the former DSV athlete placed itself Markus Deibler via Facebook protecting before its ex-Teamkollegen in the criticism.
“In a country, in which an olympia winner gets 20.000€ premium and a jungle king 150.000€ should themselves surprise nobody at missing medals”, wrote the 26-year old at the night to Friday on his Facebook side.
The haulage system in swimming is badly, doping controls however very good.
With it we cannot compete with countries, which promote very much and with the topic doping do not look so exact or it to even operate.
“I do not say that controls are to be stopped here”, explained he further.
If it wanted to start a comeback, Deibler would have to be announced already nine months before its first start of the national Anti-doping agency Germany (NADA).
Exactly the same one should hold it also with countries.
“Who can be controlled not a certain time before WM/OS by independent testers of the WADA/FINA, may not participate”, demands for that choice elections, which operates meanwhile an ice-cream parlor.
Airport: Gang arrested by luggage thieves
Professional thieves at the airport Duesseldorf
To civil investigators of the Düsseldorfer police the arrest of two women and two men at the age of 50 to 61 years succeeded on Thursday.
The suspects had committed several bag and luggage thefts as gang.
Around 21.30 o'clock civilian officials within the range of the airport Duesseldorf recognized a gang again, which admits the policeman from past theft crimes was.
The two women and two men had committed since in the middle of July of this year several crimes and thereby arbeitsteilig and particularly professionally had at the Community level, proceeded.
The specialists of the criminal commissioner's office 34 can prove four acts to the thieves, who had entered particularly for committing from criminal offences to Germany.
They had carried off altogether over 15,000 euros.
Old buildings, a few lime tree small trees, occasionally still another rest of cobblestones: The Rigaer road in Berlin Friedrichshain does not work at first sight in such a way, but the police ranks her among the “dangerous places” of the city.
If one goes along the road from the east to the west, one goes past at playgrounds, a freshpainted kindergarten and a health-food shop.
To the front of a grey house someone has “ugly!” sprayed.
Opposite of a Lidl, which is to be torn off also soon, already one builds: Until 2017 are to develop here a house with high windows and 133 new rented flats.
Articles over this “trendy quarter”, how the responsible real estate company calls Friedrichshain, are illustrated in the last weeks however preferentially with burning cars.
Reason is the house with the number 94: Once it was occupied, meanwhile has the inhabitants leases, in the ground floor is however still areas occupied and for events is used.
Particularly the citizen of Berlin Senator of the Interiors Henkel had expressed itself since the beginning of the year several times for a hard action of the police against the project, which calls area “NO-Go-zone” for policemen and the 94 as starting point of autonomous force.
After on 22 June the areas in the ground floor, which had been vacated Kadterschmiede, with 300 police officers, patrolled the police three weeks long official statements according to with 30 to 40 officials and closed three crew cars locally, parts of the road and visitor held from it, the house with the number 94 to enter.
Meanwhile construction workers reconditioned the areas on behalf the unknown home-owners.
On 13 July a citizen of Berlin Administrative Court decided that those had been illegal evacuation, and later police and construction workers under the jubilation took one day off from sympathizers and adjacents resident.
In this summer afternoon the road works peacefully: Parents go walking with children, people sit on the sidewalk before the houses in the sun, other one converse before the Späti.
In direct proximity of the house projects a primary school and kindergartens lie.
Left force is not the main concern of many adjacents resident: Kerstin Neugebauer, which lives since 1999 in the neighbourhood, and Jana*, who nurse here three children, are particularly made nervous of the police presence.
With the inhabitants of the house projects they divide the concern before rising rents and gentrification.
It does not sound after a neighbourhood, which by the majority police protection forwards vandalierenden themselves linking longed for.
The ditch, which the citizen of Berlin Senator of the Interiors and the police between squatters and their neighbours opens, so obviously does not exist.
Friedrichshain in the east of Berlin was actually a traditional worker quarter, which has a low average income and a high poverty risk also today in the comparison to the rest of the city.
Also house occupations and the apartment projects born from it belong for a long time to the neighbourhood: 1990 numerous houses in the former GDR occupied, among them almost the entire Mainz road close by the Rigaer.
While the Mainz under large police presence in a proper street battle one had vacated, many were legalized the projects in the Rigaer and are inhabited partly still today by the people, which had occupied them before 26 years.
At the same time that became quarter in the last years increasing the magnet for tourists and choice elections from all over the world: With them now adjacents resident from GDR times and former squatters their neighbourhood divide.
That becomes apparent also with the rents, which rose since 2009 with new lettings around nearly 60 percent.
Many the new buildings in the Rigaer are attacked as symbols for this development: One recognizes it by thrown in disks or freshly painted fronts, which were thrown with color bags.
No other road was so often mentioned this year together with the words “left-autonomous force”.
A reason for it that not all neighbours view that as problem, could be that they are not necessarily affected by the crime: Criminal offences such as bodily injury are directed according to statistics almost exclusively against policemen.
Damages constitute the largest part of the criminal offences, which meet tendentious rather the new buildings and freshly reconditioned houses.
For Kerstin Neugebauer, which lives for 17 years in a dwelling house beside the disputed 94, no speech can be from uncertainty.
Which concerns acts of violence, she is appeasing: The people in the 94 are their neighbours, those that were not certainly.
Also the famous burning cars do not give it directly in the Rigaer already longer no more.
For the studied architect its road is not a criminal focus, on the contrary: “Here one helps each other, lives together on the road and receives more from each other, than elsewhere”.
Neugebauer pulled consciously remained into the Rigaer road - and.
Therefore it was also so important to it that the adjacents resident its road got back: Of the police, the policy and the media, which suddenly claimed all in July the interpretation sovereignty over the quarter.
But in the eyes of inhabitants such as Neugebauer the road is further taken away from them: By faceless new buildings in former building gaps, which displace the old inhabitants.
“Those are finally free-hold flats, which are not interesting for many here - here live rather people, which are not so well moneyed”, say them.
“I cannot approve force and destruction absolutely.”
But which one is to make, if never someone listens to one?
There frustration begins, also with the police and the inhabitants on all sides.
For tightening, which is annoyed at color bombs, Kerstin Neugebauer has little understanding: The house projects and the left scene belonged to the neighbourhood.
Who pulls, its should be conscious - exactly like someone, which pulls into a bar district, badly about noise to weight there can.
All only with first name presented people asked with their correct name to be called
Urbach: Annika Deuschle is new refugee-assigned
Annika Deuschle is the partner in things integration and organizer.
In addition it is social female worker locally.
Since July Annika Deuschle is the refugee-assigned for Urbach.
The social teacher supports the team of the administration around Achim Grockenberger.
She sees herself as a partner for all participants: Refugees, working group refugee work, administration, authorities and who otherwise still mixes together.
Regine Kunde of the working group suggests that the honorary ones are than grateful more that Deuschle is now there, the egg-laying woolly milch sow, which has above all a problem.
Thus some - less scoffing than rather on the variety on desire fields of application aiming at - had meant, when the administration wanted to write the place out.
An administration employee was looked for with a talent for languages and humans, connected with an experience of many years within the range of the social work, just an egg-laying woolly milch sow.
But clerical work is not their central range, means Annika Deuschle.
Above all go it around organization, work with humans locally and also behind the scenes as well as to network activity.
The 31-year old participates for approximately six weeks.
It limited a 50-Prozent-Stelle on three years.
“It was high time”, says Regine Kunde that Annika Deuschle supports honoured and full-time participants.
There are large and small problems, organizational, human and communication problems.
Soon new containers are located in the which road
A serious problem is it for some time to find apartments for the connection refugees who were recognized.
For the connection accommodation the municipalities are responsible.
They must accommodate the refugees in own or rented dwellings.
The costs of the building, the rent or the renovation of these accommodation must carry the municipalities themselves.
The responsibility changes from the district administration office on municipality and job centre.
Problem: There are free objects, but not each landlord wants to offer its apartment.
The search turns out for some time as very difficult.
De facto the administration does not find private apartments.
It does not function so far, one is dependent on private dwellings, like that Deuschle.
Therefore gemeindliche apartments must be trained, as it is called so beautiful.
Thus soon new containers in the which road are set up.
But only with apartments it is not done.
Perspective is the keyword, is itself Regine Kunde and Annika Deuschle united.
Beside a firm lodging there is internship places, apprentice positions, school places, one-euro-jobs and temporary jobs for refugees and Migranten, who gefundnen or must be furnished.
“Would be good more places”, reports Regine Kunde.
Many work in the building yard or help caretakers, settle non-profit work - and motivates and very properly, as Annika Deuschle reports.
She hopes that the work for the community leads to a positive external effect.
That is not “occupation therapy”.
Activity does not however only mean work.
The day needs a firm structure, says Deuschle and customer.
Humans would have to develop a sense of belonging.
Thus need it offers such as sport, contacts with native ones and above all language courses.
Professional courses are RSR.
Thus administration and honorary ones substitute also here.
It is central vision that the refugees get the feeling, it is desired and welcome in Germany.
The long duration of the procedures is a problem.
They must explain to the refugees that it lasts just and it meaningfully can bridge the time, for example with language courses.
Who develops the feeling sometime, he can in Urbach nobody help, may not work and is useless, which will never integrate itself.
The clear majority is motivated.
There are cases of problem in addition, say, customer honestly, “people, at which nothing at all does not go”. The work of Deuschle and customer are always also to motivate others.
All this is already a “giant task”.
A difficult question: Do the two have fear of radicalization after the recent occurrences, also in a small community such as Urbach?
“No”, Regine Kunde says completely clearly, “which some naively call may”. A residual risk can not exclude and does not want it however.
Sensitized however already are the aides.
These incidents are also topic with the refugees.
Those would have the fear that the assassins bring them completely in disrepute.
“You want to show that they have to do thereby nothing”, say Regine Kunde.
Many would remain gladly in Urbach.
Thus head and honorary ones must hold locally and in the region after activities look out.
They have always in the background that soon a new impact at refugees and Migranten could come to Urbach.
Does Germany need an upper limit?
This question clearly to answer, is afraid the policy.
Actually it is unfair to place it to aides locally.
“In Urbach we arrived not yet, where we would like”, say Annika Deuschle.
No new refugees, which would ease the situation.
Regine Kunde makes likewise clear that the Urbacher is working at full capacity already to integrate past humans reasonably.
Those are at present approximately 100 people, predominantly young men.
But if humans are in emergency, one must help them, is itself both women united.
The political international situation is not so complicated, there gives it simple answers.
Schorndorf: Burglar with helicopter searched
The law enforcement helicopter flew about one hour long different areas off unsuccessfully.
Two unknown men penetrated on Friday morning around 8.50 o'clock by force into a apartment in a multi-family house in the lime tree way.
The inhabitant surprised the two and struck the brutes into the escape.
The two men were about 1.65 to 1.70 meters largely, probably masked, carried both Bluejeans and black hood sweaters.
They fled direction city center.
For search the police used several strip crews as well as a law enforcement helicopter.
The search ran without success.
Possibly the unknown quantities before the act close of the apartment and/or with their escape were noticeable.
Baden-Wuerttemberg: Police determines after rocker attack on lunch
After an attack on an Ulmer Imbiss the police determines against six suspects from the rocker environment because of heavy breach of the peace.
With searches of the apartment evidence and drug were guaranteed, communicated the police on Friday.
Approximately 20 masked men of a rocker-similar grouping had thrown according to police in July bottles and stones against the display window of a lunch.
Afterwards they are to have attacked two guests and injure one easily.
Afterwards they fled.
At the lunch and at the adjacent building a damage of 10000 euros developed.
According to the investigators it concerns to Turkish course a controversy in Ulmer Rockermilieu between a Kurdish and.
Thuringia: Zeiss Meditec of the revenue billion more near come
A high demand for medical technology in Asia set the revenue of Carl Zeiss in motion Meditec.
In the first nine months in October of the financial year begun the company turnover rose by 6,7 percent to 798.6 million euros, as the quoted enterprise communicated on Friday in Jena.
The Asia business grew superproportionally by 17,1 percent.
The profit before interest and taxes increased according to trial balance of 89.5 million euros to 110.5 million euros.
The Jenaer medical technology company wants to exceed in this financial year the revenue brand of a billion euro, affirmed the executive committee.
Zeiss Meditec manufactures instruments and equipment for medical practices and hospitals.
The enterprise, which belongs to the optics and electronics company Carl Zeiss (uppercook), employs scarcely 3000 employees.
