28-year-old cook found dead in San Francisco mall
A 28-year-old Cook, who recently moved to San Francisco, was found dead in the stairwell of a local shopping centre.
The victim's brother said he could not imagine anyone who would want to harm him, "at last he went uphill again."
The corpse, found on Wednesday morning at Westfield Mall, was identified as the 28-year-old Frank Galicia from San Francisco, who shared the forensic department in San Francisco.
The San Francisco Police Department said that death was classified as murder and that the investigation was underway.
The brother of the victim, Louis Galicia, told the ABS transmitter KGO in San Francisco that Frank, who used to work as a cook in Boston, had six months ago his dream job as a chef at the Sons & Daughters restaurant in San Francisco managed.
A spokesman for the Sons & Daughters said that they were "shocked and devastated by his death".
"We are a small team that works like a close family and we will miss him painfully," said the spokesman.
Our thoughts and condolences are in this difficult time with Frank's family and friends.
Louis Galicia stated that Frank initially lived in hostels, but that "things went uphill for him".
"He found an apartment, he had a girlfriend," shared Louis Garcia KGO with.
Louis Galicia said he could not imagine anyone who would want to harm his younger brother.
He was a friendly person with a big heart.
To combine his way with his family was to always cook us something, to prepare dinner, "said Louis Galicia.
He never wanted to take part in any kind of altercation.
He was the brother who swam with the stream.
"With everything that goes wrong in the world, he was this uncut diamond that shone brightly every day," he said.
Anyone who has information on the case will be asked to call the SFPD phone number at 415-575-4444.
Jennifer Aniston: I'm always stuck in drawers
Jennifer Aniston doesn't always have to be perfect or successful.
This is what the Hollywood star made clear in an interview now.
"I am always stuck in drawers or I get stuck by the outside label, which have little to do with me and the reality."
"I myself have no desire to be always perfect and successful."
"Honestly, these things are more like me."
Jennifer Aniston (47) can only laugh at the fact that she is considered "Miss Perfect" as she explains in the current "cosmopolitan".
The actress prefers to spend her time at home, in front of the TV with loose Dutt and Mexican food, it is said in the magazine.
To White, she asked the question about the desire for children: "We women do not have to be married or have children to be perfect", says the Hollywood star.
In her new film "Mother's Day-love is not a child's play", Aniston is seen as a single mother of two sons.
The film runs with us from August 25th.
Golfer Langer gets the sports pyramid
His experiences on the horse are manageable.
At the end of a golf tournament in South Africa, Bernhard Langer and some colleagues looked for a bit of variety with a horseback ride on the beach.
For the 58-year-old it was a premiere.
Chio: "Golden Sport Pyramid" for Bernhard Langer
After a few minutes the horses remembered their evening, they hunted at the fast gallop home to the feed troughs.
One kilometer at this pace, I was afraid.
"It was not a good experience," says Langer.
And then the riding career ended again.
On Saturday was Germany's best golfer of all time-101 tournament wins-again close to horses.
He let himself be led with his family over the plant of the ALRV, on a horse he did not even swing for photographic purposes.
Langer was the first time in Aachen and thus also at the Chio.
The reason was quite convincing.
The German sports aid handed over the Golden Sport pyramid to the man from Oberhausen in the context of a small gala.
The likeable athlete does not lack any awards.
Federal Cross of Merit, silver Laurel Leaf, Champions Tour player of the year...
Even the British Queen has already knighted him.
Langer is the 18th prize winner of the sports pyramid.
In Aachen he met the first winner Hans Günter Winkler on Saturday.
"This award means a lot to me," says Langer, "because it is awarded not only for sporting successes, but also for social commitment".
For decades, long has been promoting young people.
And so he also gave the prize money of 25,000 euros equal.
With 15 other outstanding athletes, the double US Masterssieger was recorded on Saturday in the "Hall of Fame of German sports".
Among the excellent are the light athletes Hartwig Gauder and Harald Schmitt, the Turner Eberhard Gienger, the fencers Cornelia Hanisch, Alexander Pusch and Arnd Schmitt, the rower Peter-Michael Kolbe, Bob Driver Meinhard, the judoka Frank Wieneke, the equestrian Alwin Schockemöhle and posthumously the Handballer Erhard Wunderlich.
Many of these sports legends had come to Aachen on Saturday.
After the official part, the illustrious company moved to the Spring Stadium, where the Lavazza prize ran.
Bernhard Langer kept distance to the great animals.
Clinton's and Trump's economic policy in comparison: it's all about the money
Invest in infrastructure and prevent the trade agreement TTP-that is what both Clinton and Trump want.
However, the two US presidential candidates disagree on tax and energy policy and on a fundamental issue.
The differences in economic policy between Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton are based on a fundamental, rather philosophical difference.
The, about the role of the state.
Trump wants to keep those in doubt rather small and warns against how the state can harm the economy-with taxes and regulations.
Clinton wants to tax the economy to death and regulate it to death, he says.
He himself, by contrast, would be quite different, Trump says.
He will drive back regulations massively, and he makes up for a far-reaching tax reform with lower tax rates-for private individuals and for businesses.
Clinton, on the other hand, says: The state has to perform certain tasks, it has to open up disadvantaged opportunities and needs money.
Therefore, the taxes would be increased for the wealthy, she says.
Interestingly, both are very close to the topic of infrastructure.
In which must be invested, Trump and Clinton say almost the same word.
The Democratic candidate is announcing the biggest investment in new jobs since the Second World War.
State investment programs in the infrastructure are classical democratic politics and are strictly rejected by the Republican state-critical Teaparty wing.
In other words, Trump could still have party-internal discussions.
The differences in energy and climate policy are clearer.
Trump wants to build coal-fired power plants and boost coal production in the United States.
Oil production is also to be possible in protected areas, the Paris climate Protection agreement intends to cancel.
Clinton, on the other hand, wants to use its investment programme to explicitly expand renewable energies and demand: "A country will become the superpower of clean energies and create millions of jobs."
"It will probably be either China, Germany or America-I want it to be us."
But not only in terms of infrastructure, but also in international trade agreements, the two competitors are not too far apart from each other.
TPP, the Trans-Pacific trade agreement, do not want to sign either.
At the same time, however, both do not want to isolate the US from international trade-but simply to better protect American jobs.
They're supposed to pay better, too, calls for Clinton.
The current minimum wage of $7.25 is a hunger reward.
He wants to raise them to 15 dollars an hour.
What Trump wants to do in this question is not entirely clear: once he says: The minimum wage must go up, then he says he should not be changed.
But the great discussion of the coming months is likely to be more about the tax policy of the two camps.
On the one hand is Trump, which wants to relieve the economy and the citizens in order to boost growth.
His critics believe that the budget deficit would only be greater.
On the other hand, Clinton is at least asking the rich to pay more taxes, and their critics say: more taxes are not the solution either.
Escape: "Every woman who has fled has experience of sexual violence"
Sexual violence belongs to women who flee alone, almost to everyday life.
When you arrive in Germany, you are often traumatized.
A house offers refuge.
In a large kitchen sit four women.
Each one has a baby that is at most one year old.
One has put her little son in the arm.
He looks curiously into the room with big eyes.
His mother stares at the table top.
Until she notices she's being watched.
She smiles briefly and kisses the little girl.
The scene looks normal.
Until you talk to Katrin Bahr.
She is an area managing director of Condrobs, a supporter of social services in Bavaria, and deals with the issue of women on the run.
The four women in the kitchen have fled.
They live in the north of Munich in one of the few decentralized shelters for single-fled women and their children in Bavaria.
In January, Condrobs set up the facility together with Pro Familia and the Munich Women's assistance.
Recently it was officially opened.
Sixty people live there-about 40 women and 20 children.
There are no men-even as visitors.
The exception is a security guard outside the door.
"It is not exaggerated to say that every woman who arrives here has made experiences of sexual violence on her flight," says Bahr.
"Men flee because of wars because they are persecuted politically because they are threatened with torture or death, or because their families send them as hopefuls to Europe," she says.
In women, there are other reasons for escape: "Many secretly steal from it because they see no other way out."
In their homeland, they have experience of sexual violence, forced marriages, honor killings, slavery or forced prostitution.
This is driving them away.
On the run this goes on.
"For example, for a bottle of water, tugs demand a sexual act is not a rarity," says Bahr.
And the women are alone, they are not protected by their families.
Who believe that the end, as soon as they arrive in Germany, is mistaken, says Bahr.
Here too, single women in refugee shelters would often be regarded as inferior and at worst abused.
This leads to the fact that about 90 percent of the women living in the accommodation in the north of Munich are traumatized, she appreciates.
"Some of the children have certainly not voluntarily emerged".
Many women are so accustomed to saying nothing.
"Or they do not dare to speak openly about what has been experienced, because the shame is too great".
Since they often do not know how to help, they need more accommodation just for them, asks Bahr.
In Bavaria, the seven district governments are responsible for accommodating refugees.
The question of whether you know of a similar project as in Munich in your area of competence answers some with No.
In the Oberpfalz and Upper Franconia, for example, there is no such thing in government housing.
Even in Swabia, women who have fled alone are not accommodated separately, says Karl-Heinz Meyer, government spokesman.
In Upper Bavaria, under-and Middle Franconia there are in some common accommodation floors or own houses only for single women and their children.
The exception is Lower Bavaria, where there are two central accommodation exclusively for women.
The Committee on Women's Rights and gender equality in the European Parliament also calls for men to be accommodated separately.
In a study published for the Committee, it says: "It is very important that men and women be accommodated separately."
"If the privacy is lacking or if men and women are accommodated together, there may be continual violence against women."
Especially the washrooms should be separate and easily accessible for women, is in the study.
How much the women feel this need for protection can be seen in the crowds that exist on the house in Munich.
"Since we've been around, we have a long waiting list," says Bahr.
You could easily open a second house.
Assistant doctors strike: demands for new industrial action
Assistant doctors have called on their union to approve new industrial action in their disputes regarding a new contract.
The Junior doctors Committee (JDC) of the British Medical Association (BMA) has asked its entire council to approve more industrial action from the beginning of September.
The JDC said that minister failed would have to deal with the concerns about the treaty.
In July, assistant doctors and medical students voted on the rejection of a contract agreed with the BMA.
It was rejected by 58% of its members who voted in the elections.
In a letter to the members who was published on Twitter on Thursday evening, the chairman of JDC Ellen McCourt said that the government would have remained "persistently calm" to problems, which led to the treaty being rejected.
She said: "In view of this, the JDC board has voted to reject the proposed new contract completely and to request official renegotiation of all your worries."
In response to the silence of the government, the JDC board has today submitted a formal request for a special meeting of the BMA council to approve an ongoing programme of escalating industrial action that begins at the beginning of September.
The disputes led to the fact that assistant doctors were striking six times this year, the first overall failure in the history of the NHS.
The head of BMA assistant physicians Dr. Johann Malawana resigned after the election to reject the agreed contractual terms that had been recommended by the BMA.
He shared BMA members during the meetings, which took place before the vote by 54,000 assistant doctors and medical students, that the contract was beneficial and should be accepted.
After the vote, Health Minister Jeremy Hunt said that the contract for doctors in England would be forcibly introduced.
Russia and Turkey: an "alliance of outsiders"?
It was a gesture that ended a crisis.
The leaders of Russia and Turkey met on Tuesday to give their hands and proclaim an official end to the eight-month war of words and economic sanctions.
But when Vladimir Putin receives his Turkish counterpart in the gilded Hall of the St. Petersburg Palace, I cannot resist the impression that Ankara wants this reconciliation most.
There was a handshake, yes.
But Putin's smile worked-and he barely radiated warmth, even for his restrained relationships.
Recep Tayyip Erdogan, on the other hand, repeatedly spoke of his "dear friend" Putin-according to a report, whole five times.
I couldn't count it anymore.
He also promised that relations with Russia would not only return to their old levels before the crisis, but would even improve.
The next day, a newspaper described that Erdogan would have acted as if something bad had never happened.
His enthusiasm seemed rather to suggest the opposite.
But a sustainable coolness that Putin radiated showed that the head of state of Russia had forgotten nothing.
Rather, the cause of the crisis was the first thing he mentioned in his introductory words: The launch of a Russian fighter plane on the Syrian border by Turkey.
Moscow's reaction at the time was furiously.
Putin shared and accused Ankara of having fallen into Russia's back.
The offense was even greater, as it was committed by a supposed friend.
Rebuilding the trust will be difficult, if not impossible.
Public opinion in Russia has changed since November.
For months, the state-controlled media conducted a fierce, unrestricted attack on Ankara.
Suddenly it seemed as if the Turks were to blame for everything.
Most seriously, the accusations of senior officials were that Erdogan's own family would have benefited from the illicit trade in Syria in areas controlled by the so-called Islamic State.
He vehemently denied this.
But in St. Petersburg the official message was that it was time to look forward.
After all, this meeting took place only because Putin received the apology from President Erdogan, whom he wanted to hear.
Russia could be a kind of victory.
For Ankara, the benefits of a truce are clearly obvious.
Erdogan needs first and foremost all the friends he can get after he has been removed from his office in a failed coup last month.
Repeated terrorist attacks on Turkey have also shaken him.
But there are also economic motives.
Russian sanctions have hit Turkey hard-in particular the ban on charter flights, which usually bring several million Russian tourists to the Turkish coast every year.
The number has decreased by almost 90%.
In Russia, tour operators and charter companies will be relieved when the flights are resumed.
They count on a late seasonal rush to the Mediterranean.
This week, the state television forecasts cheaper fruit and vegetables as soon as the Turkish imports are allowed again.
A report in Vedemosti formulated it as follows: "Tourists there long, tomatoes here long."
But the visit had an additional political value for Moscow.
Ankara is angry with the West as it considers its reaction to the attempted takeover as a weak answer.
In addition, there is the continuing resentment of the snail speed of the EU accession negotiations and Putin-eager to benefit from the cool atmosphere and to reduce Turkey's relationship with the west.
The Russian head of state, in Ankara, certainly won a bonus that he demanded support for the elected authorities after the attempted coup d'état.
This is a matter of course for Moscow, which has itself a deep-seated fear of regime change.
The summit in this splendid palace by the sea enabled Russia and Turkey to portray, as an analyst once described, "Alliance of Outsiders": two countries that are in violation of the West and feel badly treated and now ally.
Nevertheless, despite the public reconciliation, there are still great differences between the two.
The biggest difference is Syria, where Moscow recently gave the role of peacemaker, but where Russia and Turkey support opposing sides.
It might be significant that after almost three hours of initial talks both presidents said at the press conference that they had not even touched the subject.
The President of Turkey deliberately avoided answering a question about their differences, while Putin decided to emphasize it.
There is no clear consensus on where a common denominator can be found in Syria.
But after months of open hostilities-and given the potential for a perfect disaster, when NATO member Turkey fired the Russian fighter jet-it is certainly better that the two heads of state will at least talk again.
Royal Bank of Scotland no longer available to customers outside Scotland
According to the chief Executive officer of Bank only, the RBS brand is to be reduced to a back office role.
The Royal Bank of Scotland will no longer be available to customers outside of Scotland.
Ross McEwan shared with BBC Scotland that the RBS brand was connected with the bank's global ambitions.
The bank has since distanced itself, when it almost collapsed and had to be saved eight years ago.
During this time, brand strategists have used "RBS" to protect other end users ' financial brands.
She supported the international sport with millions of pounds of sponsorship, from Six Nations rugby to Wimbledon champion Andy Murray.
But now she has decided to put more national brands in the spotlight.
The Royal Bank of Scotland will only be available to customers in Scotland, but will not be initialized.
In England and Wales all RSB references, the decentralised headquarters and the stock exchange listing will be changed to NatWest.
The Ulster Bank brand is already used for customers in the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland.
There are other smaller brands for the retail business that will be more important-Coutts, Adam & Co, Drummond and Holt's military bank.
McEwan was interviewed during a sightseeing tour of customers and employees in Inverness-shire.
He said to BBC Scotland: "The RSB brand will become our investor brand and the brand under which our employees will be employed, as we are now becoming a bank of brands."
When the bank itself became a global brand, RBS became a global brand.
I am saying now that we are not pursuing global objectives, but local objectives.
Each of these brands will stand for something completely different in their own communities and our employees will work with the customers under these brands.
RBS has already testified that it will not continue its Six Nations sponsorship and that it will increase the visibility of the various brands in its sports sponsorship.
"It is time for us to develop into the bank of the brands, because how do we focus on the inside (we asked) to make this a better bank for customers?" said the chief Executive officer.
It would have been very cynical three years ago if we had said that we would be a great bank for our customers and that we would have launched these brands.
But with our work, the focus on customer needs and not our own, I think one will see many changes.
We can re-launch these brands, so I think the time has come.
Frankie Dettori reaches Predilection for his 3,000-ten win at Newmarket
Dettori sparkles champagne after a double at Newmarket, which brings him 3,000 ten prizes
The jockey Frankie Dettori secured his 3000-th British win at Newmarket on Friday.
He put on Predilection, which is coached by John Gosden, on his local racetrack with his second win of the night a milestone.
The 45-year-old Italian is the sixth jockey who reaches the milestone in the flat race.
He follows Sir Gordon Richards, Doug Smith, Lester Piggott, Pat Eddry and Willie Carson.
The three-time winner, Dettori, who won in front of Ghayyar, said, "It's something special."
I'm very emotional because my family is here too
I am very happy that it happened at Newmarket because I landed here 30 years ago.
It's not a big meeting, it's not Royal Ascot-it's a banal Friday night with 20,000 people.
I am relieved and very humble.
Dettori picks up the cheers as he brings victory to Predilection
Two jockeys have reached the milestone in the obstacle race-jockey Richard Johnson and the retired 20-time winner Sir Anthony McCoy, who achieved more than 4,300 victories in a record breaking career.
Lester Piggott, the nine-time Derby winner had 4,493 career wins
Frankie is one of the best jockeys of the modern age and it is no surprise that he has reached this milestone that few have reached before him.
He has style and is strong, but it is his tactical intellect that distinguishes him from the others in the weight room.
He is a fantastic ambassador for races, his enthusiasm and charisma fans have been enthusiastic for years for this sport.
I told Frankie a few weeks ago at Epsom that he would have brought 6,000 winnings if he wasn't just a weekend and big tournament jockey!
Frankie has already ridden almost 30 years of winners in the UK, which is great.
He has a vibrant personality, which is good for a British race, but beyond that he is an incredible jockey.
Frankie Dettori celebrated the milestone with a typical flying dismount
From flying finishes to flying Dismounts, Frankie Dettori has been the flagship of the British flat race for two decades.
It was nerve-wracking.
A whole series of big tournament wins, including his famous "Glorious Seven" in 1996 in Ascot, but he also survived a plane crash and got a drug ban.
Three years ago, he had difficulties at first when he returned from his six-month lock, but he showed an impressive character strength to defy his doubters and return to his best.
And he is still far from the end-Dettori has once said that he wants to continue at competitions up to his at least 50 years of age.
Russia's Putin fires chief of staff Sergei Ivanov
Russian President Vladimir Putin unexpectedly dismissed his chief of staff Sergei Ivanov.
Ivanov was a part of Putin's closest circle of trust for many years.
The 63-year-old was appointed Special Representative for environmental and transport matters.
In an opinion of the Kremlin, it is that Putin, without giving any reason, "ordered the dismissal of Ivanov from his duties as chairman of the Russian presidential administration".
Anton Vaino, who has been Ivanov's deputy since 2012, has been appointed as his successor.
Vaino, 44, is a former diplomat.
Born in 1972 in the Estonian capital Tallinn, he graduated from the prestigious state Moscow Institute for International Relations (MGIMO) and worked at the embassy in Tokyo.
On the Kremlin's website it is said (in Russian) that he was later the chief of staff and head of government.
He said about his appointment to Putin, "Thank you for your trust."
I think it is the government's most important task to support its work as head of State regarding draft laws and controls to implement its instructions.
Putin told the Russian TV station on Friday that Ivanov had asked to leave his post and recommended Vaino as his successor.
Are the smiling faces convincing?
This step has made Moscow secret shrouded.
Sergei Ivanov was one of Vladimir Putin's closest confidants for a long time and works like him for the Soviet Secret Service, the KGB.
As chief of staff, he was one of the most powerful men in the country.
At a meeting with President Putin, which was aired on television, both men claimed that the chief of staff was resigned at his own request.
But despite the smiles for the cameras, few are convinced-especially now, just before the parliamentary elections.
Is this the result of a kind of power struggle?
Nobody knows that at the moment.
But the official claim-that a man who was once touted as a potential president would like to lead the Russian environmental policy at once-was very sceptical.
In his remarks to Putin quoted on the Kremlin's website, Ivanov said, "It is true that I asked her in a conversation in early 2012 to entrust me with this very complicated post-one could almost say-arduous post for four years.
As it turns out, I have been chairman of the Russian presidential Administration for four years and eight months.
Ivanov accepted the post in December 2011.
Previously, he was deputy Prime Minister and Secretary of Defense.
He is a member of the Russian Security Council and, like Putin, a former member of the KGB.
In the late 1990s, when Putin was the chairman of the Federal Security Service (FSB), which replaced the KGB, Ivanov was appointed as his deputy.
When Putin reached power, he named Ivanov as one of five people whom he trusted most.
It was once believed that after Putin's second term, Ivanov could become president of Russia, as a third term Putin would have violated the constitution.
But this post was taken by another close ally of Putin, Dmitry Medvedev.
Putin became prime minister before returning to the presidency three and a half years later.
Criminal Minds star Thomas Gibson fired after he hit producers
Gibson was involved in a physical altercation on the set of the series in Los Angeles last month.
ABC Studios and CBS Television Studios, which produce the series, announced in a joint statement its denunciation.
Gibson, who played the special agent Aaron Hotchner, apologized on Thursday before announcing his denunciation publicly.
On the set, there was an artistic difference and a disagreement.
I regret the incident, "he said in a message.
Details on how Gibson's character from the series, which follows a team of FBI agents, will be published, according to the opinion of ABC Studios and CBS Television studios, are expected to be released at a later date.
The 54-year-old, who previously played in the sitcom Dharma & Greg, has been with him since the first season of the series in 2005.
"I love criminal Minds and have put my whole heart into the last twelve years," said Gibson in a communication published on Friday.
I was hoping to be there until the end, but that won't be possible now.
I would simply like to thank the authors, producers, actors, our wonderful crew and especially the best fans who can only wish for a series.
The planned airing of the twelfth season is scheduled for September 28th.
Puzzles for fish that landed in garden in Banff
A resident of Banff asked for help in identifying the fish that appeared in his garden in Banff.
Kevin Bain thinks that the 75 fish could be sand by a fountain spewed.
Mr. Bain, who lives about 500 meters from the sea, published on Periscope a video of the spectacle in the hope that someone could shed some light on the appearance of the two-inch-long fish.
Queensferry Crossing: Bridge now connected to Fife
The £1.35 billion project is to be completed by May 2017
Engineers have connected the Norddeck of the Queensferry Crossing to the viaduct-which means that the bridge is now connected to Fife.
It is the first of four closures of the "deck blowers" that approach the completion of each of the three towers of the bridge.
The bridge section of Fife is now 600 meters long and weighs 30,000 tonnes.
It has 10,000 tonnes of steel and 20,000 tons of concrete as well as 46 inclined ropes.
The £1.35 billion project is to be completed by May 2017.
Economics minister Keith Brown visited the construction site today and was one of the first to cross the bridge from the country.
He said: "This is a historical and symbolic moment in the construction of the Queensferry crossings.
We are all witnesses of an engineering art of a truly epic dimension in this project with over 30,000 tons of concrete and steel that were used alone for this part of the bridge.
Despite the massive size and weight of the bridge, the completion of the closure between the viaduct and the bridge deck is a delicate activity requiring extremely precise tolerances for the fit.
In total, almost 79% of the total bridge decks are in their place and the final section of the deck today gets a betonguess for the deck in Rosyth, which means that the entire deck is ready to be lifted to its place on the bridge.
Michael Martin, project leader of Forth Crossing Bridge Constructors said: "The first closure represents a significant milestone for every bridge project.
In this fantastic project, the shutter is a pioneering building and civil engineering.
After installing the last section of the road and connecting it to the North Tower deck in the expansion, we had to close the remaining gap on the north or the side of the site.
This was achieved by pulling the northern feeder bridge 700 millimeters south.
This was a massive and at the same time very delicate activity.
Massive, since the viaduct is 222 meters long, weighs about 6,000 tonnes and had to be pulled upward at an incline of about 3%.
Tricky, because the tolerances that the team worked on were tiny--on each side they were only a few millimeters.
Luckily, everything went very well.
Rescue in Moelfre Bay: Three men have "luck still to be alive"
Three men have "luck still to be alive" after they were thrown from their fishing boat before Anglesey.
The Moelfre RNLI rescue station struck on Friday at 13:20 BST Alarm after a crew watched the event in Moelfre Bay.
The three men had trouble swimming in safety, while their boat moved on their own.
"We saw how the boat was spinning in its vicinity and presented us with the worst," said the head of Moelfre's rescue station, Vince Jones.
"Fortunately, the strong winds have already blown the boat out of their reach, until we left to water," he added.
Two of the men were rescued by a local fishing boat, while the third man aged 60 was exhausted and found hanging on a buoy without a life vest.
They all came aboard the coastal rettungsboots and were brought back to the rescue station
Mr. Jones said, "The three men who have been thrown into the water are in luck uninjured and still alive.
The boat had a emergency leash, but it was dissolved by the person who controlled the boat during the kenting of the boat.
Someone woke up today about these men.
Seriously injured-man stabs on his ex-girlfriend
A man attacked his ex-girlfriend in Hamburg-Harburg with a knife and severely injured.
As the police told yesterday, the 50-year-old had the key to the apartment to get his personal things.
Instead, the alcohol offender cut the clothes of his ex-girlfriend.
When she came to the apartment, he stabbed her twice.
The 44-year-old was injured by the hand and the body.
The police have been able to take the perpetrator.
While the 50-year-old destroyed his ex-girlfriend's clothes, he called his mother.
The latter then alarmed his sister.
Together with her partner, the 45-year-old wanted to soothe her brother.
But she could not persuade him to leave the apartment.
That's why she went out of the house with her partner.
On the street they met the man's ex-partner.
When the two women entered the apartment again, the 50-year-old pushed his sister to the side and attacked his ex-girlfriend.
Who is building Brunswick's cheap apartments?
The SPD and Greens believe that investors will be much more involved in the future.
How do you react to the bad news that Braunschweig will lose nearly 1300 cheap apartments in the next few years?
The SPD is proposing a "living concept of action" at the next Council meeting.
But strife is programmed.
First and foremost, the question is: who is supposed to build the cheap apartments?
A regulation is missing so far.
SPD Bundestag Group chairman Christoph Bratmann says: "We are in agreement with the Greens: if you want to build urban areas, you have to have 20 percent of all apartments as social housing."
However, the cheap apartments can also be created in the stock.
The big point of controversy in the city hall, however, is Bratmann: "How do you deal with investors who want to build on private land?"
"We want investors to build at least 10 percent on such land, but as much as 20 percent of the flats as social housing."
A new urban housing Support programme, which will cost millions and still needs to be financed, should provide incentives.
The problem, according to Bratmann: "There is currently no agreement between the political groups."
The CDU wants to make as few regulations as possible for investors.
The left wants still hardships for investors.
Despite this, according to Bratmann, there is a worsening of the situation in the housing market.
If the concept of action is implemented, this will provide additional tasks in the management of the administration.
More staff is needed.
It is unclear whether we will get the professionals.
But the programme is still not complete: the approximately 1260 new apartments, which should be built anyway.
But how does one balance the loss of another approximately 1300 cheap flats, the funding of which will expire in the next few years?
By 2020 alone, there will be 500 apartments.
To prevent this, according to the planning spokesperson Nicole Palm, should now be buying expiring ties from the city.
It would also have to be thought about bringing apartments back into the price fixing.
This is possible in the West.
In one shot, the problem could be solved.
In the west, deadlines expire at the end of the year.
Around 1800 apartments could be put back in the price fixing for cheap apartments.
Only: The owners, the housing companies do not want that.
Because the number of social housing in the West is again drastically increased, one removes itself from the goal of the so-called mixing.
There will no longer be a concentration of socially weak in only a few parts of the city.
The Greens reckon that there will still be movement in the discussion.
Bundestag Group chairman Holger Herlitschke says: "For a broad majority, the CDU must be in the boat."
It has concentrated on more sites for single-family homes.
But this does not mean that a compromise cannot yet be found.
Pokémon go, a hunt for health and happiness that pays off
It's fascinating to watch the world change.
The fact that teenagers and children no longer go out to play, rather prefer to spend their free time on screens, was lamented by many in the last decade.
Pokemon Go is about getting people off the sofa and making them more active.
The time on the screen was initially limited to the TV, then to video games and most recently to smartphones.
It is therefore great to see that technology and outdoor activities are not mutually exclusive.
I refer, of course, to the Pokémon go craze, an app based on the characters that were first created for the video games in the 1990s (later a series of cartoons, playing cards and other spin-offs).
Like many phenomena of pop culture, the interest before the release of the game in the USA, Australia and New Zealand declined somewhat in early July.
The market launch in other countries was postponed by the massive demand that overwhelmed the servers.
Within a few days, Pokémon had go more users than Tinder and almost as many as Twitter.
How does it work?
In short, the players go outside with their smartphones and look for Pokémon that are tracked with a GPS and, once they are found, can be "photographed" (via a screenshot on the phone) or "captured".
A generation who played the game when she was younger, joined the craze and jumped for the search from the sofa.
In the United States, the game led to a significant increase in steps that the "average" person returns every day.
Cardiogram, an app for Apple Watch tracking 35,000 users, recently shared the Washington Post that within two days of the game's launch, the number of tracked people exercising every day 30 minutes jumped from 45 percent to 53 percent.
The company doesn't know who's playing Pokémon go-it only sees the raw data to improve performance.
Many public awareness campaigns on health that make people want to "take 30 minutes to come" from the sofa and "to be active every day" came across deaf ears because many public messages are boring to health and come from people who look miserable.
However, the importance of sport cannot be overrated.
Anyone who regularly drives sports reduces his chances of getting cancer or depression.
Physical activity helps with weight control, high blood pressure, diabetes and a long list of benefits that is too long to lead you here.
But the wonderful thing about Pokémon go is that it makes people do something outdoors that they enjoy.
Thus, three pillars of health are covered-movement, fresh air and sunshine as well as fun.
Some people even make new friends on the hunt.
As always, there are also grumpy spoilers who always have to complain about something.
And yes, someone could run against a door.
What's the matter?
A breakthrough has occurred.
Even if smartphone apps like Fitbit were able to track our activity earlier, they gave us no reason to do sports as this game does.
The new will lose its allure and the use will diminish over time.
Due to Pokemon's success, however, there will be more games that will connect apps and virtual reality with the active in the real world and will help many people on the hunt to be more active, fitter and healthier.
Read Dr. Joes's Blog at www.drjoetoday.com
Simone Biles creates gold in women's gymnastics
Forget the pressure.
Forget the hype.
Simone Biles is immune to all this.
Dynamic on the leaping horse.
Effortlessly on the bar.
Breathtaking on the ground.
Brilliant all over the place.
And now finally also Olympic champion.
The 19-year-old American gymnast climbed on Thursday to the more combat title and enlarged the gap between himself and the rest of the world before all eyes under the spotlight of the Olympic Games.
Their overall result of 62.198 was clearly ahead of the silver medallist and "final five" teammate Aly Raisman and the Russian bronze medal winner Aliya Mustafina.
The Americans Simone Biles turns on the hovering beam during the single-more combat final of the women in gymnastics at the Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro 2016, Brazil, Thursday.
Biles is the fourth heterosexual American who wins a more battle title and totals the fifth as she consolidates her reputation to be the best of her generation or even at all.
She burst into tears when her final result was shown and her long journey came to an end at that moment.
This success puts them in the same league as unique athletes like Michael Phelps, who have brought their sports to new heights:
Biles has dominated the last three years of its sport, 15 World Cup medals-including 10 gold medals-won with such amazing exercises, which include a mixture of ambition and precision that the Olympic champion of 1984 Mary Lou Retton of hers said that she is "the best gymnast I have ever seen."
She expected a final test in Brazil, a competition that did not go so much between Biles and the rest of the athletes, but rather between her and a load of oversized expectations.
Not returning with a handful of gold back to the family in spring, Texas would be considered disappointment.
The Americans Simone Biles, left, and Aly Raisman hug each other after they have won gold and silver in the singles final of the Women in the art gymnastics at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, Thursday
Biles took the first medal on Tuesday, while at the farewell party of the retired team coordinator Martha Karolyi served as an exclamation mark.
Although Biles insisted that, during their long journey to the top, never planned to have the future, this is not really true.
Part of your ground exercises-which include your typical tumbling pass-is tuned to Latin American music that would fit on the street outside the Olympic arena in Rio.
It's not a coincidence.
This girl, who was adopted by her grandparents as a small child and was discovered by coach Aimee Boormans mother during a school excursion to the gym in which Boorman trained, became a force.
Since the summer of 2013, it has lost no more fighting competition, a series of winnings that will last as long as Biles wishes.
Even if Mustafina led by two turns easily, the picture deceived.
Hovering beams and ground gymnastics-in which Biles holds the world Championship title-lurked.
She picked up again with 15.433 on the levitation beam again-and put a 15.933 on the floor another on it.
Raisman hugged her gently as she expected her Endergbnis--a mere formality--and tears poured on Biles gleaming red, white, and blue eyeliner, as the vision she once described in her scrapbook became reality.
The performance Raismans was a revenge for the last time four years ago when she fought for third place, but the bronze medal in a Tiebrake went to Mustafina.
This time, the 22-year-old team captain named "Grandma" by the Americans had a head start.
After her ground exercise, she threw Kusshände at the audience, overwhelmed by a comeback that sometimes seemed dubious.
As far as Biles is concerned, the fast-spreading tweet of the 19-year-olds from the beginning of this week has a whole new meaning:
Police: 3 victims in serial killer case when listening to music in the car shot
According to police reports published on Thursday, two women and a 12-year-old girl were shot, killed in one of the deadliest attacks in a decade in the first serial killer case of Phoenix, while chatting in the car and listening to music.
Angela Rochelle Liner, Stefanie R. Ellis and Ellis daughter Maleah were shot on June 12, while the car was parked in a driveway, the authorities said.
The perpetrator fired eight shots from a handgun while he was standing on the passenger side of the car and then fled with another vehicle that is read in the report.
The police said that the triple homicide did not seem to be the result of a robbery, as the attacker did not take the handbags or the $2,900, which were owned by one of the adult victims.
The police spokesman for Phoenix Sgt. Jonathan Howard said that the shootout led the investigators to take a closer look at whether she was connected with four previous attacks.
In total, in Hispanic residential areas, seven people were killed and two injured in nine attacks within four months.
"It happens in a residential area in front of a house," Howard shared the KHPO, a subsidiary of CBS, at the beginning of the month.
It is believed that the suspect used several vehicles, including a brown Nissan from the late 1990s, a black BMW from the late 1990s, and a white Cadillac or Lincoln.
The investigators refused to reveal the evidence that led them to conclude that the attacks were linked and committed by the same murderer.
Ellis, 33, was hospitalized due to her injuries and died later.
Liner, 31, and Ellis ' daughter Maleah died on site.
A witness told the police that it was not unusual for them to sit in a parked car and listen to music.
The authorities also published a police report on the shootout, which aimed at an empty pickup truck half an hour before the triple murder and assumed that it was the work of the serial killer.
Investigators found cartridge sleeves and secured a ball from the seat as well as ball fragments from the engine compartment.
Mother of a 6-year-old with microcephaly: "It Gets Better"
Like most 6-year-olds, Edmund Picciuto loves singing, playing toys and of course his mother.
But like the fewest of his Altergenossen, Edmund Microcephaly has the result of a genetic disorder that his mother Elizabeth Picciuto did not know about during her pregnancy.
When he came home for the first time, my first thought was that I couldn't manage.
I can't do this.
I didn't get into that.
Which is not true at all--of course you have to be prepared, "she said.
Her husband Vincent and her has been told that Edmund may never recognize them and that he may not even survive.
Some doctors even went so far as to suggest that they institutionalize it.
"My first answer was ' I didn't know that people were still doing, '" explained Picciuto.
Edmund can run with the help of a walker.
Edmund could not sit and crawl until his third year of his life, and he still cannot speak.
But he's slowly making progress.
He can run with support and ride a bike.
He also loves to play and sing with his two brothers.
Elizabeth shows the sign language that Edmund has devised for "Please Sing Me Something".
"We teach him sign language," Picciuto told CBS News.
But it's not a typical sign language--she says. Edmund invented some signs on his own.
Microcephaly has a variety of causes: genetic as with Edmund, as well as infections with viruses such as measles or Zikavirus during pregnancy.
The symptoms and predictions can vary greatly.
It is still too early to say how it will affect the life of the infected with the Zikavirus.
Picciuto remembers the emotional price of an uncertain future.
I asked constantly, what will happen?
What will happen?
And she still doesn't really know.
I have not asked for a long time after the prognosis, because I do not expect someone to really be able to tell me.
But Picciuto has a hopeful advice for mothers of infants with birth defects caused by the Zikavirus.
It's getting better.
You know that it will be better for you.
You will love your child and your child will love her.
Heavy rainfall, flooding gives rise to rescues in Louisiana, Mississippi
Heavy rainfall and large-scale flooding in Louisiana forced the governor to call the emergency on Friday. The whole Saturday is expected to be more rainy.
Numerous rivers in southeastern Louisiana and the south of the Mississippi flooded their banks and threatened large-scale flooding after extreme rainfall, reported the National Meteorological Service.
The Governor of Louisiana John Bel Edwards stated that state officials are in constant contact with local authorities and that assistance to the affected municipalities is already underway.
Mike Steele, a spokesman for the Office of Homeland Security and Emergency preparedness of the governor, said that the inquiries for high-pressure vessels, boats and sandbags increased.
Steele said that only the municipality of Tangipahoa would have requested ten thousand sandbags.
A flood warning system is used for large parts of the south of Louisiana until Saturday.
The weather service let announce that in this area an additional 3 to 5 inches of rain could fall.
In the south of Alabama, a flood of system was used on Friday, while it continued to rain in the mobile area.
The river Comite near Baton Rouges and the Amite River near Denham Springs, both located in Louisiana, will most likely reach record levels over the weekend.
The meteorologists Alek Krautmann says that both rivers could flood many houses in the suburbs near Baton Rouge.
He also said that a downstream flood in Ascension Parish poses a danger, as these will only slowly flow into Lake Maurepas via the rivers that have occurred.
The River Tickfaw, south of the Mississippi State border in Liverpool, Louisiana, reached the highest level on Friday, which had ever been recorded at 09.00.
Rescue teams still plucked people from the flood water in the districts of Amite and Wilkinson in the southwest of Mississippi.
Leroy Hansford, his wife and stepson were among those who were rescued on Friday near Gloster.
Hansford, 62, says that water from Beaver Creek, which is usually more than 400 feet away from his house, rises overnight.
He said that another stepson who lives nearby would have warned him.
"We woke up and the water streamed and poured in," said Hansford.
It reached my waist.
His wife told Hansford that in the 48 years in which she lived there, she had never seen such a high state of the river.
Hansford said he and his family members had all the disabilities and he was the only one who could swim.
Hansford said that Nothelfer had saved all three in a large military truck and brought them to the next fire station in Gloster, where they were housed until Friday.
Krautmann said that the flood had "spread rapidly" as there were still heavy rainfalls and that the authorities were considering evacuation instructions would.
According to Krautmann, an observer reported near Livingstone from midnight to Friday morning of 13.75 inches of rain.
Krautmann said that the rain had been absorbed by the rainfall since Wednesday.
The authorities indicated that heavy rainfall and road flooding caused the rescue of residents from their homes in Tangipahoa Parish and the loss of education in five school districts.
The CBS subsidiary Sender WWL reported that an associate in Tangipahoa 200 flooded houses.
The inhabitants were evacuated into two churches, which were now flooded.
The head of the community of Robby Miller said the authorities had saved 72 people and seven pets washed up by the floods.
In the cities of Amite and Hammond, emergency shelters were set up to accommodate the evacuated.
"As soon as the water begins to return, they will be able to go back to their homes," he said.
In the city of Hammond of the municipality of Tangipahoa, nearly two dozen roads were closed due to the floods and sandbags were provided for the residents to take away, hoping to keep the water out of their homes and shops.
"The last major flood that we had was in March," said Lacy Landrum of the city administration.
This seems to be a similar incident.
In Mississipp, the emergency manager Rupert Lacy of Harrison County said that it was still raining on the Gulf Coast.
According to his details, a handful of houses on Thursday were reported to have been flooded, but none were reported on Friday.
Keith Townson, manager at shopper value Foods in Amite, has been living in the area for 40 years.
"I've seen water in places where I've never seen it before," said Townson, "and it's still coming."
Mahaj Brown, 6, "riddled by bullets," survived shootout in Philadelphia
The police say that the six-year-old boy was shot in Philadelphia this week, the second time that a six-year-old kid is shot.
The boy's grandparents identified him for CBS Philadelphia as Mahaj Brown.
The grandparents indicated that Brown suffered several gunshot wounds, including in the loin, leg, arm and abdomen, but that he was conscious of his transport to the hospital.
"He has gone through a lot, his little body was riddled with bullets," his grandmother Delores Melendez the transmitter.
I just can't believe it.
The boy's condition was considered critical in a hospital and he had to undergo several surgeries.
The boy's family shared with the sender that he was expected to recover.
He should have started the first class in a local elementary school.
Brown was one of four people shot in Germantown.
Also shot were three men: two at the age of 29 and a 32-year-old.
One of the 29-year-old men is in critical condition; The other two victims are in a stable state according to CBS Philadelphia.
The boy was found on the front seat of a car together with the 29-year-old, who is in a critical state, shot up, reports the transmitter.
The other two victims were not in the car, and the police were just investigating whether one of the injured men could be the perpetrator.
Investigators shared CBS Philadelphia with the fact that there appears to have been a crossfire between several shooters.
Cartridge sleeves for assault rifles, traced to various assault rifles, übersähten the crime scene.
It seems that this was clearly an ongoing fight.
On the road, on both sides of the sidewalk, were pods.
So there seem to have been several armed fighters who were very actively involved, "Polizeihautpmann Anthony Ginaldi of the police in Philadelphia shared the station.
Several houses and vehicles were also taken in the area.
There was no arrests and the police are currently reviewing reports according to the surveillance video.
On Tuesday, another 6-year-old girl was hit by a ricochet on the arm when she played in front of her house in the residential area of West Oak Lane.
She's recovering and the police are still looking for a suspect.
Why we need Simone, Gabby and Laurie
That's what I imagine under the women's olympiamannschaft in gymnastics, and that's for more than a reason.
Firstly, I have been with each Summer Olympics since 1984 and the US has never been so dominant.
And second, this team has three gymnasts, Simone Biles, Gabby Douglas and Lauren "Laurie" Hernandez, who worked inspiring for many young girls of other skin color.
The structure of this team, the Aly Raisman, who is Jewish and Madison Kocian, who is a Catholic, rounds off, makes everyone proud.
This team is finally reflecting the United States.
It has solidified the black and Hispanic female presence at the top of this sport.
In the last four years, the number one among female gymnasts was an Afro-American.
Last year, Simone and Gabby were # 1 and # 2.
That shows strength.
At the last Olympic Games, Gabby Douglas was a surprising Olympic champion and America cheered.
Now the world was able to witness the incredible performance of the triple world champion Simone Biles, Douglas and Laurie Hernandez, as they provided unexpected but masterful Gymastikroutinen.
On Thursday, Simone became the fourth heterosexual American to win gold at an individual multi-fight event for women.
Team member Aly Raisman won silver.
We are experiencing the top of this sport, but this is not the way to see turn classes throughout the country.
Simone, Gabby and Laurie all hit the same path as Aly and Madison to make it to the Olympic team.
They are the "last five" because the next Olympic team will have only four gymnasts in the team. Moreover, this is the last year with Marta Karolyi as a trainer.
But the reality is that gymnastics is an expensive sport and Turner is primarily in private gymnastics, which are maintained by parents who are responsible for training, furnishing, travel clothing, competition and hotel expenses (for trainers and their gymnasts and families). The list can be continued in any way.
The majority of these gymnastic clubs are located in wealthy suburbs that can support the business.
In these, the gymnasts receive their entire training and this is an expensive and long-term commitment for the families.
Aimee Boorman, trainer of Simone Biles, and Maggie Haney, trainer of Laurie Hernandez, have both trained their athletes since they started gymnastics.
We must allow the communities of Aun, many young girls inspired by Simone, Gabby and Laurie, to have a leistbareres and more accessible Turntrainung.
I founded my Turn foundation of 20 years.
At my events, we have offered free and affordable gymnastics in Harlem for over 15,000 urban teenagers (mainly black and Hispanic) and trained national and international winners.
In September, we will expand to Detroit (my hometown) to offer high-quality gymnastics to young people who deserve the opportunity to learn and benefit from this great Olympic sport.
Gymnastics develops strength, flexibility and coordination for the body as well as hard work, discipline and determinedness for the mind.
This combination offers life-long benefits for health as well as for school and professional success.
It is the inspiration of this team that will make thousands of young girls interested in gymnastics and that's great.
It is so important to participate in sports, especially for girls.
It's such an exciting time.
Thank you Simone, Aly, Laurie, Gabby and Madison for this real portrayal of "girl power" by bringing the Olympic team gold and thank you, you are motivating so many young girls with different backgrounds to begin their journey, to become healthy, strong and successful young women.
Assistant doctors want to organize further strikes after they have rejected Jeremy Hunt's proposal
The ministers had hoped to be able to end the dispute over the changes by adopting a reformed contract with the British Medical Association's officials, but 58 percent of the 37,000 assistant doctors who voted at an election refused him.
In July, Hunt had unveiled plans to forcibly introduce the treaty and said that the NHS would be in a "No Man's Land" and any further delay would be detrimental to the employees and patients.
The first interns are to receive a new contract that includes changes to night and weekend work to improve the care of inhospitable times.
Dr Ellen McCourt, the chairman of the BMA committee for assistant doctors informed last night in a communication saying: "Assistant doctors still have serious concerns about the proposed contract, in particular that it will fuel the current staff crisis and fail to treat all doctors fairly."
With only eight weeks remaining until the first group of doctors fall under the new contract, progress must be made and time is running out.
Efforts on the part of the BMA to resolve disputes through talks came at the government's reluctance to participate and sometimes on deafening silence.
This happened to a promise that Jeremy Hunt had just made last month that his door would always be open.
"Jeremy Hunt must now act, repeal the enforcement and address the concerns of the assistant doctors."
If he does not do so, the assistant doctors have made it clear that they are prepared to carry out further industrial action.
The last strike at the end of April saw a postponement of nearly 13,000 routine operations and 100,000 appointments, as nurses and medical specialists were involved to provide coverage to doctors on the picket line.
The ministers had hoped to be able to end the dispute over the changes by adopting the reformed Treaty with the British Medical Association officials.
The BMA wants a better Wochendentlohnung for the 54,000 assistant doctors who will be subject to the contract.
Daniel Mortimer, director-General of the NHS staff, called on the assistant doctors to end the strike.
Mortimer said: "Work-related action does not achieve anything of the least, but burdens already overloaded teams and service providers, and they only provide care, distress and interruption to patients, carers and their families".
In the last two months, we have spoken to the committee of Assistant doctors and have responded positively to the concerns about guardianship and Whistleblowings with the Ministry of Health and other ministries.
Employers hoped that continued positive engagement with other important issues-such as posting, flexibility in training, additional training for those returning from a professional time-out Schulungsksten, mutual recognition of the curriculum, training leave and the gender pay gap in medicine-a sign of how serious it was for employers, the health Education England and the Ministry of Health regarding compliance with the BMA in November , February and May.
The £2-per day drug that can reduce heart attack risk
Thousands of heart attack patients will benefit from a £2-per-day drug after the authorities have been recommended to administer this to more people for a longer period of time.
The anti-clotting drug ticagrelor reduces the risk of repeated heart attacks for people with heart disease.
The drug is already being administered for 12 months after a heart attack, reducing the risk of stroke or other heart attack.
The NHS's nice regulatory authority has recommended a four-year-long intake to further reduce the risk of cardiovascular problems.
The NHS's nice regulatory authority has recommended a four-year-long intake to further reduce the risk of cardiovascular problems.
Around 140,000 people suffer a heart attack every year and a quarter of them suffer another heart attack or stroke.
Heart attacks and strokes are caused by accumulating fatty material in the arterial walls that form surfaces.
When the lining breaks apart, it can cause a blood clot that clogs the bloodstream to the heart, causing a heart attack.
When the clot dissolves, it can flow through the bloodstream and clog the blood flow to the brain, causing a stroke.
People who have already had a heart attack are subject to a higher risk of having one more.
Ticagrelor, which is manufactured by the British company AstraZeneca and is distributed under the trade name Brilique, reduces this risk by making the formation of blood clots less likely.
Nice's tutorial design, published today, recommends a 12-month intake of 90mg Ticagrelor, followed by 60mg with a two-day dose of aspirin for the next three years.
Professor Carole Longson, director of the Nice Health technology Evaluation Centre, said: "Despite the availability of secondary prevention, a quarter of all persons who have suffered a heart attack, have another heart attack or a stroke-often follow with disastrous."
The fear of a new heart attack can have a significant negative impact on a person's quality of life.
Experience shows that ticagrelor, in combination with aspirin, is effective in reducing other heart attacks and strokes in people who have already had a heart attack.
With a preliminary recommendation from Ticagrelor, we are pleased that we are able to expand available treatment options to thousands of people who can benefit from it.
Information on the efficacy and safety of ticagrelor-especially the risk of bleeding-is limited to a period of up to three years. The guidance draft does not recommend any treatment beyond this period.
Culture of political correctness makes electoral fraud flourish in Muslim areas
The former mayor of Tower Hamlets Lutfur Rahman was removed last year at the instigation of a government report due to corruption from office
A culture of political correctness has led to widespread electoral fraud in Muslim communities being deliberately ignored as a devastating government report today revealed.
The former Cabinet member Sir Eric Pickles verbally attacks the police, election observers and halls to have ignored evidence of election abuse due to "over-sensibilities regarding ethnicity and religion".
The former Minister of Integration and local government, who is now a Antkorruptionskönig, said that the intimidation of voters from religious motives would be so bad that the police should be allowed to set up shut-off tapes outside of election booths to protect intimidated voters.
He recommends that voters should carry a passport to prove their identity in elections.
At the moment, a voter only has to name and address.
The report proposes to apply non-removable ink to a person's finger when they make their vote to prevent someone from dialing twice.
Whistleblowers should get more protection, says Sir Eric.
It calls for the press to have more access to community documents and decisions by non-official committees or working groups.
"This serves not only to counter electoral fraud, but also to protect the local government from the wider corruption and financial fraud culture that accompanies it," he said.
The report was ordered by Downing Street as a result of the tower Hamlet's electoral scandal in east London.
Last year, a Sonderwahlgericht decided that the incumbent mayor Lutfur Rahman should be removed from his office after a litany of corrupt and illegal practices.
The court found that Rahman would have perverted the religious sentiments of his Muslim community "in a cynical way" and that he would have silenced his critics with racism and Islamophobienanschuldigungen.
Rahman is said to have "led his campaign on the basis that it is the religious duty of Muslims to elect him."
Up to 300 votes were either dubious or the result of an imitation in which a person chooses as someone else.
Sir Eric said that there was evidence of fraud across the country.
He expressed himself in particular alarmingly to fraudulent absentee ballot-in which older members of the Muslim community would have made pressure on people to elect a candidate of their choice.
Sir Eric, pictured, made several recommendations to clean the electoral system, including leading identification, to prove the identity
In his report it states: ' It was established that pressure was exerted on vulnerable members of some ethnic minorities, in particular women and young people, in order to vote in accordance with the will of the elderly, in particular communities with a Pakistani or Bangladeschischem background.
"There were concerns that... State institutions would knowingly ignored such behavior due to" politically correct "oversensibilities regarding ethnicity and religion."
Sir Eric spoke 50 recommendations to clean up the system, including banning political activists from editing letter-dial documents to stop "picking".
The report, which is being considered by Theresa May, also calls for tougher registry checks to prevent the electoral directory from being used for immigration and social fraud.
Consider options to ask voters before choosing your ID card.
Use non-removable ink on a person's finger once she has given her voice to prevent someone from dialing twice.
Carry out systematic checks on the nationality of a person in order to ensure that they are entitled to vote.
A three-year limit on requests for automatic absentee ballot.
Prohibiting political activists from working on complete mail options and envelopes of letter elections.
Give the police the power to set up barricades around electoral stations.
A change of law that facilitates an indictment of intimidation in accordance with the representation of the People Act 1983 (the 1983 Act of Representation).
Ban in electoral stations.
Requirement that only English may be used in the electoral stations (except Wales).
Intensifying the training to ensure that the employees enforce the rule that voters go alone in the voting booth.
Sir Eric Falls over the Metropolitan Police and finds it "amazing" that after the Tower Hamlets case no criminal complaint was made.
"The electoral court has declared Lutfur Rahman and his deputy unfit for use due to a litany of corrupt and illegal practices," he said.
It has been pleaded guilty for a number of reasons, in accordance with the high requirements in criminal proceedings.
He also criticizes the ineffective "checkbox controls" of the election registration departments of the halls.
Sir Eric said, "the court ruling in Tower Hamlets from last year was a warning signal.
Our country is a proud heir to Parliament's mother, but the worrying and concealed spread of electoral fraud and denial by some authorities threaten this good reputation.
Crazy about Kate's biker-doppelganger and other famous Olympic athletes in Rio
Fans of the 2016 Olympics in Rio are advised this week about the French cyclist Pauline Ferrand-Prevot except Rand and band, which proved to be an impressive doppelganger of the Duchess of Cambridge.
But the 24-year-old athlete is by far not the only one to be a gold-fighting athlete who has his own famous doppelganger-at least not if one is allowed to believe the social media.
In honor of the Olympic Games in Rio and all the famous faces that are currently flickering on our screens, FEMAIL has created a list of Olympians that have more than a certain similarity to Hollywood celebrities.
The Hunter and the Wolf: team member of the US team in archery Brady Ellison, left, is compared to Leonardo DiCaprio since his childhood
Besides Kate's doppelganger on the track, many people on the internet pointed out how a certain archer could be the twin of a-celebrity Leonardo DiCaprio.
The team member of the US team in archery Brady Ellison has caused a rush to Twitter after images on which he looks eerily similar to the Wolf of Wall Street star.
In fact, the Archer got the madness in the social media and admitted that he has heard since his childhood that he looks like Leo.
"I myself see no great similarity, except for facial hair," Brady shared the Huffington Post with.
"He's a looking guy, so I think it's a compliment."
One of the most popular comparisons since London 2012 will undoubtedly be even more in the spotlight this year: the similarity between British long-jumper Greg Rutherford and the popular actor Neil Patrick Harris.
The Russian gymnast Aliya Mustafina with her large, expressive eyes is said to be able to go through as doppelganger for the Cuban-American singer Gloria Estefan.
And in the swimming pool, the South African swimmer Cameron van the burgh has been compared with Glee star Matthew Morrison for years.
A gear higher: This user believes that Nathan is the "athletic version" of the inception actor
Another continuing comparison was drawn between the tennis star Rafael Nadal and actor Josh Hartnett, who has similar heavy eyebrows and lips.
The Russian silver medal swimmer Yulia Efimova shows more than just the tanned skin and blond hair like the actress AnnaLynne McCord, while the American Nathan Adrian was attested by fans of an "athletic version of Joseph Gordon Levitt".
Strong women: Football star Hope Solo, left, and Dexter actress Jennifer Carpenter, right, have a similar face shape and eyes
Not the only one: a Twitter user was very happy that others have noticed the similarities too
Theory placed in the room: according to this user, there may be a reason for the similarity of the couple
A Twitter user explained her satisfaction that "the rest of the internet thinks that Hope Solo and Jennifer Carpenter are almost identical."
In fact, the US football star Hope Solo and the Dexter actress Jennifer Carpenter have an incredibly similar face shape and eyes.
Other popular comparisons included Kerri Walsh-Jennings and her smile, the almost identical to that of actress Laura Linney is as well as the gold medal winner in gymnastics Gabby Douglas, who has her own beautiful, wide smile that resembles that of bring it on Star Gabrielle Union.
CBC commentator for the Olympic Games apologizes for his statement that Chinese swimmer "died like a pig"
Byron MacDonald's analysis of the fourth place of the 14-year-old Ai Yanhan at Dr 4x200m Freestyle Swimming Squadron indignant spectators of the CBC live broadcast of the Olmypischen games on Wednesday
The Canadian channel CBC had to apologize after one of his commentators said that the 14-year-old Chinese swimmer "like stink went off" and during the race like "a pig died".
The commentator, Byron MacDonald, thought his microphone was off when he was giving his own opinions at the end of the 4x200m Freestyle Swimming Squadron.
MacDonald, who had been brought to the Kommentatorenteam of the CBS to lend more "color", could be heard saying: "This little 14-year-old Chinese woman has lost the connection, baby".
Too excited, went off like stink, died like a pig.
Thanks for that.
The Chinese swimmer Ai Yanhan, 14, swam the second stage of the swim Season 1:57,79-1.61 seconds slower than Canada's Taylor jerk, which allowed the Canadians to unlock the gap with China.
Viewers across Canada responded quickly online after they were shocked by the sound and language
Emmett Macfarlane tweet, "has the CBC commentator just said that the 14-year-old swimmer from China" died like a pig "????
The idiot didn't understand that they were still on the air. "
Ai Yanhan from China was described at the final 4 x 200m Freestyle Swimming Squadron for women Folgendemaßen: "This little 14-year-old Chinese woman has lost the connection, baby."
The criticism of Byron MacDonald on Twitter came quickly and hard, in which many spoke to him
Twitter users did not hold back when they heard how insensitive Byron MacDonald was
Another Twitter user Sarah Paradis wrote: "Wow, # ByronMacDonald.
You represent the CBC and Canada and makes us all look like racists. Disgusted.
A short time later, Scott Russel, who moderated the CBC broadcast, apologized live for the comment of MacDonald and said, "We apologize that the commentary on a swimming performance was aired."
It was an unfortunate chosen formulation, we're sorry it happened. "
CBC apologized at the end over 90 times at the people who have responded to the notices on Twitter
The Kommentatorenkollege Scott Russel had to apologize on behalf of MacDonald
CBC copied and added his apology to more than 90 other Twitter users who had complained about the comments of MacDonald
The network also apologized quickly and issued a message.
We sincerely regret that these statements were made and that it was possible that they were broadcast.
We quickly apologized to our viewers on the show and our followers in the social media last night.
To make one thing clear, Byron's comments related to the performance of the swimmer and not to you as a person.
Yet they were inappropriate and an unhappy chosen formulation. Byron is very sorry for what he said.
On Thursday afternoon, MacDonald apologized in the show and tried to justify his remark by saying that it was not his intention to be construed as a personal assault.
"I'd like to take a moment to apologize for the comment I made after the women's Swim Squadron in the CBC Olympisendung," he said.
"I have been referring to the performance of the swimmer and not to you as a person."
Of course, no disrespect was intentional and I am very sorry. "
Buyer in Primark outraged about woman who tried in the middle of the business shamelessly underwear
The shoppers didn't know where to look when a woman took her clothes out in the middle of a Primark to try out her underwear.
To aggravate the situation, she patterned how she looked in it, pulled it out and put it back on the shelf.
She continued to rummage and tried four pairs of underpants in a shop at the Bouverie Place shopping centre in Folkestone.
The Primark shop in the Bouverie Place shopping centre in Folkestone, where the woman tried the underpants before putting them back on the shelf
A mother of two children, Jenny Davidson, who was in the store at the same time, said that after the mysterious woman had tried the underwear, "she relocated and left the shop without buying anything."
She said, "People couldn't believe what they saw."
Standing in the middle of the sales area she took a pair of underpants from the delivery, pulled out her own pantyhose and trousers and tried them.
"She didn't even try to find a more discreet place to do it-she just stood there, naughty like Oskar."
"Everyone stared when they took off the underpants, which they obviously didn't like, since they put them back on the shelves."
She repeated the same with three more underpants, before finally decided that she liked nothing, again attracted herself and outed.
"She didn't seem to mind that she was watching someone--or thinking about the person who might be buying the underpants she had tried."
Ms. Davidson, 33, who lives in Kent, said, "how disgusting to think that someone would take home underwear with another person and who were not washed."
The incident occurred on Tuesday afternoon.
Ms. Davidson added, "As I have heard, the employees have tried to pull the garments out of the sale after they went-which is just as good."
"I'd hate to go home with a new pair of underpants and find out that another woman was wearing them and took them out again and they weren't washed."
A spokesman for Primark said: "Primark is aware of the incident that occurred on Tuesday, August 9th in our branch in Folkestone."
All eligible products were drawn from the sale.
How to protect yourself from weapon attacks with Krav Maga
The world outside is a dangerous place, but this video from Dailymail.com could make it a little safer for you.
We talked to Rhon Mizrachi, a grand Master of the Krav Maga Association in New York, to find out how to use armed robbers to close the distance.
Regardless of whether you are approaching them from the front or from the back, this video will show you how to turn the Spit for your robber.
If you approach them from behind, you should turn around first so that you can see your assailant and "go out of the line of fire," says Mizrachi.
Then grasp the weapon between your forearm and your shoulder before hitting the face with your free elbow.
Then strike him with his knee in the groin and twist her, while the attacker curvess with pain, the weapon from his hands. Hit him with the barrel in the face and move backwards while you point the gun at him.
In the case of attackers approaching from the front, the technique is similar-move your body out of the firing line, grab the gun and twist it so the attacker can't shoot.
At the same time, shift the weight to the weapon and hit the attacker's chest, then twist the weapon out of its grip before moving backward and aligning the weapon.
Sounds difficult?
Watch the video to see exactly how it mizrachis.
But remember, when you're robbed, it's safest to hand over your money-unless you are a Krav Maga Grandmaster.
Traveler Ian Wright scrapes his tongue at the dirtiest places in Europe for a guide
A British traveller underwent a serious test of his immune system and gag reflex by licking some of Europe's dirtiest and most disgusting places.
The presenter and travel author Ian Wright, 51, from Suffolk scraped his course on a euro bill, a railing at Piccadilly Circus, a flush of a toilet, and a public telephone in Russia to prove the resilience of his immune system.
Before licking each object, he used a luminometer to show himself and us what he was going to get into.
But the experiment, which was filmed under the title "The Lickhiker's Guide to Inner strength", brought some surprising results to daylight.
The idea of licking the flush of a toilet that has already been used by thousands of others may be completely repulsive, but in fact there are more bad bacteria in a kitchen sink.
On his journey through Europe, Mr. Wright spoke with doctors and medical professionals about the development of intestinal bacteria and his own health.
Luckily, nothing left him licking more than a bad aftertaste in his mouth.
Mr. Wright was known to test the resilience of his bowels by travelling through the world and eating peculiar and wonderful things.
From public railings at railway stations to washing-up knobs of toilets, the task was to definitely put his immune system under a sample
In the film he said: "As a child I was relatively unconcerned about my health and I have put all sorts of things in my mouth, earth, worms and mud water."
In the film he was able to live up to his reputation.
The only thing he refused was a dirty public restroom in Russia.
His trial smear showed a Luminometerzahl of over 4000 units.
In comparison, the Luminometerzahl of freshly washed hands is less than 60.
But there was a Russian toilet that he refused to lick after their Luminometerzahl over 4000 units of fraud, while freshly washed hands have one of less than 60
Mr Wright and the Finnish manufacturer of dairy products Valio produced the "The Lickhiker's Guide to Inner Strength", which shows the number of bacteria in different places such as the bathroom.
In the film he says: "This comes close to the worst I have smelt in a toilet."
There's nothing more filthy than that!
I'm not going to lick anything here because it's disgusting inside.
"The Lickhiker's Guide to Inner Strength" was produced in collaboration with the Finnish dairy producer Valio.
The company equips Mr. Wright with Valio gefilus containing lactic acid bacteria as well as vitamin C and D to support the development of intestinal bacteria and the immune system.
Valios senior Venice president for snacks, juices and new categories Niko Vuorenmaa says: "We really wanted to offer the consumer something new.
Something that is fascinating to look at and at the same time explains the benefits of probiotics.
We conducted crazy brainstorming that ended up saying, "Let's call Ian."
They claim that the interest in intestinal health becomes a global phenomenon
Instead of just talking about the products, we wanted to put them in a larger context – the good and bad bacteria in our everyday environment, the importance of intestinal health and how it is linked to the immune system.
The growing interest in intestinal health is a global phenomenon and with the documentary we have been able to provide consumers with more information in an interesting way.
I also think that the movie shows that we have a great sense of humor!
Tom Hakala, who directed the film, added, "Let me say so--I would have lost my respect for Ian if he had licked some of the things I had instructed him to lick, like the disgusting Russian toilet shown in the movie."
Of course, there were things that made it easier to get Ian to lick her and others where it was quite difficult.
I'm glad we've taken some of these filthy treats on film. "
In a survey conducted by Valio in 2015, 84 percent of all interviewed lactic acid bacteria, in particular with the well-being of the stomach and intestines, and 58 percent said that they at least occasionally use products containing lactic acid bacteria.
Social family destroyed in front of Delogierung social housing in Saltash, Cornwall
A social family left their social housing after a Delogierung with a damage of £50,000 because they had terrorized their neighbors.
Tanya Skeldon and her partner Shaun Trebilcock were thrown after a long list of complaints from her estate in Saltash, Cornwall.
After being forcibly removed from their property, shocked employees of the housing cooperative found the property in an irreparable state.
The walls showed gaping holes, wooden planks were torn open, rubbish was scattered on the floor and graffiti was smeared on the walls.
The family has been relocated and it is assumed that she is now living in a private accommodation
Donna McEvoy, who works for the House administration at Cornwall Housing, said that she was afraid that the apartment would no longer be repaired.
She said, "It was an absolute nightmare for the people here, and I think people don't have to live that way.
There are many things to consider, as this property will probably be considered as not so beautiful part of Cornwall.
The family is notorious and their reputation is also.
The couple had three sons, who lived in the apartment in the meantime and the police said that the terror that the family had inflicted included street fights with baseball bats, intimidating residents, drug abuse, drug trafficking, and excessive shouting, arguing, and swearing.
Skeldon, 47, whose name was on the lease, was given an order for anti-social behaviour in June.
In some rooms of the house, which may be demolished, old rubbish was found
The wooden planks were torn up in the estate where drugs were traded in the past.
Neighbors said they saw them fighting on the street and had to be called regularly by the police
Cornwall Housing Delogierte You and your partner forcibly this week from the property after giving you an extended period of 11 weeks to undress voluntarily.
The Delogierung were cheered by relieved neighbors who said that their lives were turned into hell.
One of them said, "They didn't care about anyone."
We lived 20 years next to them and it was always bad.
The countless times we tell the police here are incredible.
"We couldn't sleep this morning."
We stood up because it was so quiet here-we are not used to it!
Now that you are finally gone, it will be nice.
Adam Fitzpatrick, neighbourhood enforcement manager of Cornwall Housing, said that the failed family would have to cooperate with local authorities.
The family lived in the house to which the police were summoned on a regular basis for 20 years
On the overgrown side of the municipal house, trash and old toys were thrown down
He added: "It is a shame that the tenant neglected to accept any responsibility for their behavior and that of their family, since a Delogierung is always the last step that Cornwall housing considers.
This was a very difficult case, because the behavior was extreme and their actions had to be terribly brother for their neighbors.
I appreciate all the work that my team, the police of Devon and Cornwall, as well as members of the community who have been courageously approaching us and who have provided us with the information, have done so.
I hope that this development will give consolation to some neighbours and convey the message that anti-social behaviour will not be tolerated.
Fitzpatrick said that all three sons had lived in the house at different times, but that they were all over 20.
A dirty mattress left in one of the bedrooms of the house after the Delogierung on the floor
Workers of the House administration will now have to mountains to clear out the house surrounding
In 2014, the police conducted a raid in the house and found about 70g cannabis as well as scales, Paraphernalien and cash in the amount of £1,700.
Skeldon received a fine after being guilty of the possession of a class B drug in commercial intent.
She claimed that the money was for a gravestone of her son Lee Skeldon, who was killed in a car accident in 2013.
After they were without shelter, it is assumed that Tanya and her partner are now living in a private accommodation in Plymouth.
Many room walls of the house were smeared with graffiti.
The police say that they will be tenants who do not abide by the House Rules
Angela Crow of the police of Devon and Cornwall said that the Delogierung was a clear warning to the other tenants who did not abide by the House rules.
"This goes to those who think that they can behave without self-reproaches as well as those who have been harmed by such behaviour," she said.
The Devon and Cornwall Police will never tolerate criminal and anti-social behavior that will continue to cooperate with partners to protect our communities.
Tourists in Portugal panicked after a low flying military beach flies over
Sun worshippers in Aveiro, Portugal experienced the shock of their lives
A portugisiesches P-3c Orion aircraft of the Air Force put an incredible dive
The Air Force indicated that it was on a training flight, but insisted that there was no security risk
This was the moment when frightened tourists started to panic after a jet flying down a full beach.
Dramatic video footage showed how the military aircraft flew almost close to the sun worshippers on the beach section in Aveiro in the north of Portugal.
The holidaymakers jumped in when they understandably began to worry about the noise of jet engines without first seeing what was going on in the clouds.
The incident occurred yesterday afternoon in Costa Nova, near Aveiro.
Daniel Fernandes, one of the many holidaymakers who posted videos about the dramatic fly-by in the social media, said: "It really flew very deep twice and there was a moment when it looked like it was crashing."
Nuno Arroja added, "I was just surfing and it felt like the plane was falling down on me."
Tourists on the beach of Aveiro were panicked when the plane came out of the darkness and flew incredibly deep
The Portuguese Air Force today announced that the pilot of the P-3c Orion aircraft was on a training flight to identify fishing boats off the coast and had to fly so deep that this was the only way to recognize them.
The spokesman said that the jet flew a little deeper than usual due to the poor visibility of the nearby area fires, but the air forces insisted that safety was at no time at risk.
Land fires have destroyed these summer parts of the Portuguese mainland, where four people also died on the island of Madeira.
The Portuguese air Forces today announced that the pilot had to fly so deep due to the conditions-strong fog and fire smoke-which restricted his view
The plane was on a training flight in which the pilot had to identify fishing boats as part of the exercise
Super Cup: Barca with worries against Seville
Sevilla-FC Barcelona fights for the first step in the new football season on Sunday.
The Catalans compete for the Spanish Supercup abroad against Sevilla, the replay rises three days later at the Camp Nou.
The double winner must refrain from the competition with the inferior Cupfinalisten and reigning European league champion among others at Neymar, who contests the Olympic football tournament with Brazil.
Also missing is goalie Marc-Andre ter webs.
The German suffered a ligament compression in the knee, so the one question at Barca at least for the time being clarified in favor of Claudio Bravo.
The Chilean international and TER webs have been vying for the status of number one in Barcelona for two years.
Coach Luis Enrique previously renounced a clear decision in this respect and left Bravo in the league, but Ter webs in most other competitions.
Before the first obligatory game of the new season, the Spanish champion has doubts about the fitness of the team, which was humiliated on Saturday in a game of Liverpool with 0:4.
Lionel Messi and Co. did not really have to be persuaded at the 3:2 in the trial gallop against Sampdoria on Wednesday.
Sevilla, in turn, has to digest the 2:3 defeat after prolonging in the European Supercup against Real Madrid and is aiming for the second triumph at the "Supercopa de Espana".
Barcelona has been the record winner in this competition with eleven successes.
Ma Long in his own league to table tennis gold
Rio de JANEIRO-The Chinese Ma Long is the new table Tennis Olympic champion.
The 27-year-old defeated his compatriot and "defending champion" Zhang Jike 4:0 (12, 5, 4, 4) on Thursday in Rio de Janeiro in a one-sided final.
This brought the world rankings-first the golden Grand slam with successes at world championships, World Cup, world Tour final tournament and even Olympia.
Bronze went to the Japanese Jun Mizutani.
The two Chinese have made it into the final as expected and made the title among themselves.
This made it clear that for the third time in a row a Chinese would bring the single title in the Sign of the five rings.
The last non-Chinese on the top Olympic podium was the former SVS-nope-Legionnaire Ryu Seung-min from South Korea.
Ma and Zhang were left on the record alone, between the sentences and at time-outs they had no coaches.
They had withdrawn to the grandstand and left their protégés alone in a fair competition.
"I've played the matches to this place for my country."
"In the finals I play for myself," Zhang had said correctly.
After the match, gold and silver medalists posed with the China flag.
The match itself was unexpectedly unilateral.
Ma had to fight with his 28-year-old opponent only in the first movement really.
He then determined the tempo on the plate and left Zhang with only 13 points.
The superiority of Ma did not develop the expected rousing match.
Nevertheless, there were plenty of breathtaking changes to the ball.
Mizutani won the bronze game against the 40-year-old Vladimir Samsonov 4:1.
In his quarterfinals against the German European champion Dimitrij Ovtcharov, the Byelorussian had suffered a rib injury, afterwards in medical treatment, had to "ultimately" be content with tin.
The Swedes Jan-Ove Waldner (38/2004) and Jörgen Persson (42/2008), by the way, were in similar high table tennis age Olympia-fourth.
Donald Trump concedes "daunting problems" in election campaign
The leadership of the US Republicans is plagued by massive worries, even in traditionally conservative states, to lose their majority.
Presidential candidate Donald Trump now admitted weaknesses in his electoral campaign in the former Republican stronghold of Utah.
A rare moment in which the usually cocky and self-confident multimillionaire expressed something like concerns, as correspondents reported.
After throwing 16 rivals from the race in their own Republican camp, the doubts about his success in the battle for the White House are now growing.
"We have huge problems in Utah," Trump told evangelical Christians that he asked for support in important states such as Ohio, Florida, or Virginia.
Guilt was false reports of his candidacy, he resumed his well-known media scolding.
Republican strongholds Jiggle
Utah is usually a safe bank for the Republicans.
According to a survey by SurveyUSA from June, Trump and his competitor were the Democrats, Hillary Clinton, at par.
Other institutes see Trump in the front, but not at the distance that is common to Republican candidates in the state.
Arizona and Georgia are also at risk.
In an interview by CNBC, Trump answered the question of how he wanted to stop Clinton's advance: "Just as I have done so far."
And pushed afterwards: this will "either be successful, or I will make a very very nice, long holiday".
He's not doing anything other than telling the truth.
If it is not enough for him in the end for reasons of political correctness, that is fine, Trump said.
Then I return to a very good way of life.
According to the press reports, the party Trump has threatened to withdraw funds to support its campaign, it should not be able to present better survey values.
Instead, the Republicans ' candidates for Congress would be more under their arms.
Olympia: Brazen fraud in doping test
The IOC wants to set up a disciplinary commission on the case.
Kenya's light athlete threatens to adversity after the second doping affair at the Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro.
After a fraud attempt at a doping control in the Olympic Village, Kenya sent a coach home.
The International Olympic Committee informed that a disciplinary commission should be set up immediately to investigate the case.
A Kenyan official had informed that the former sprinter and today's coach, John Anzrah, had given a urine sample in the Olympic Village under the name of the 800-metre runner Ferguson Rotich.
This was reported to the team leader of Kenya by the doping inspectors.
The IAAF has asked the IOC for information about the case in order to exert its own investigations, a IAAF spokesman shared.
"Depending on the results of the investigation and the subsequent actions of the IOC, the IAAF will make an assessment," it said in an IAAF statement.
"He (Anzrah) has gone to the doping control station and has issued himself as Ferguson Rotich, given the sample and signed it," declared Kenya's Chief de mission Stephan Arap Soi.
He was in possession of the accreditation of the athlete who was on the list for the training controls of the World Anti-Doping Agency.
Ferguson Rotich had become in Beijing World Cup fourth over 800 meters in 2015.
Four days earlier, the Kenyan athletics delegation chief Michael Rotich had been deducted from the Rio Games.
He is said to have informed the athletes of his country about the upcoming doping tests.
According to media reports, he was to be detained on his return to Nairobi airport.
Kenya has been under special observation by the IOC for a long time after numerous doping offences.
In announcing the IOC's more than 2000 doping target controls before the Rio Games, it was unusually pointed out that athletes from Kenya and Russia are particularly targeted.
The World Anti-Doping Agency had exerted a lot of pressure on the African country before the summer Games in Brazil to create an anti-doping law and a functioning control system.
The law was adopted a few weeks before the Olympic start.
As a result, WADA Kenya took the list of countries whose anti-doping measures are in conformity with WADA's rules.
Kenya is considered a great runner nation.
The country's light athletes won most of the medals at the World Cup 2015 in Beijing.
In a series of ARD television reports, accusations have repeatedly been made that doping drugs are readily available in Kenya and that there should be a significant mentality of sports fraud.
IOC member Richard Pound last requested a similar investigation in Kenya, as he had hired her in Russian athletics.
It was possible to demonstrate that in this sport the area was doped and systematic.
Russia's light athletes were then excluded from the summer Games.
Salzburg "West Side Story" with Cecilia Bartoli
In the Shakespeare year, the Salzburg Festival presents the "West Side Story" with Tony and Maria as a tragic pair of lovers, similar to Romeo and Juliet.
With doing a surprising Cecilia Bartoli.
A musical captured Salzburg: The "West Side Story", Leornard Bern Stein's masterpiece.
The artistic director Cecilia Bartoli wanted to bring the musical to the Temple of classical music and fulfilled a youth dream with the role of Mary.
In the orchestra, the Simón Bolívar Orchestra is buried under the leadership of the Venezonalischen conductor Gustavo Dudamel: "This music is full of rhythm," he raves.
We always say that it is very Latin American.
There are many Latin American ingredients in their tempo and melody.
It is a wonderful blend, the perfect recipe for our orchestra.
I would say that we really have amber music in our blood!
In this staging, Bartoli plays an older Maria.
She remembers with sadness at her love with Tony, while the younger Maria plays and dances.
The role of Mary has always fascinated me.
First, because it is exceptional musically!
And then there is Mary's personality.
She says it in her song: "I feel pretty, oh so pretty, I feel pretty and witty and bright".
So she's smart, of course naïve, and very passionate.
"She is very similar to my Italian character, whom I have as a Roman", Bartoli laughs.
Dudamel is full of praise for the opera singer: "Cecilia is a wonderful artist."
It's such an honor for us to work with her.
She is an immensely generous man.
And Bartoli returns the compliment: "Dudamel is such an extraordinary artist and very passionate!"
Conducting is a necessity for him.
You can see it in each of his movements, in his eyes, it is his life!
It is such a huge opportunity to share this musical experience with him.
We both have a rather southern temperament, a fire, a passion and also a cheerful approach to life, which is very important at all!
For the American director Philip Wm. McKinley, the "West Side Story" is highly topical: "This piece is about prejudice and fanaticism."
Today we have the refugees, at that time the Puerto have gone to New York, and the New York residents did not want them.
They are the same subjects, and they are as meaningful today as they were then.
59 years later, the piece is still relevant.
London school girl who joined the IS was killed in Syria
Kadiza Sultana, one of three British schoolgirls who left London last year to join the IS, was reported to have died in Syria.
The lawyer Tasnime Akunjee said that her family learned a few weeks ago of her death in Raqqah, Syria.
It was suspected that she was killed by a Russian air raid in Raqqah, the stronghold of the group in the country, ITV News reported on Thursday.
Sultana was 17 years old and died according to her family shortly after she had decided to leave the war-stricken country and return to England.
"One can only hope that this is the only good thing-as a reminder and warning to others that these are the risks associated with going to a war zone-to prevent people from ever taking this decision," said Akunjee.
In February 2015, Sultana and two other schoolgirls from east London stepped into a plane to Turkey and then a bus to the Syrian border.
Sultana's family was told that she married an Isis fighter in Syria, and became a widow within a few months.
Reid says that in the case of a victory at Garland, Clinton will remain as a candidate for the Supreme Court
Harry Reid, leader of the Democrats in the Senate, is convinced that the presidential candidate of the Democrats, Hillary Clinton, will nominate the judge Merrick Garland for the Supreme Court.
The Republicans in the Senate have blocked Garland's endorsement since his nomination by Barack Obama in March.
The majority leader in the Senate Mitch McConnell believes that the next president will appoint the successor of the deceased judge at the Supreme Court of Antonin Scalia.
Reid said on Thursday during a conference call that he expected from Clinton to select Garland "with a certain degree of certainty".
A spokeswoman for Reid later said that he had not yet talked to Clinton whether she would nominate Garland and he speculate.
He praised Garland and said Clinton's team would not worry about a new candidate.
Garland is the supreme judge for the US court for the District of Columbia.
RAID said Republicans were blocking the Garland's nomination, being lackeys and assistants of Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump.
He also noted that Donald Trump was unfit for president.
Treats will Nacktkalendar for "women and for Men"
The treats magazine collaborates with photographer David Bellemere to bring out a 1970 's Pirelli-inspired calendar for 2017.
But instead of famous naked people, you want to find the next generation of models for your Nu muses calendar for 2017.
At the beginning of this year, the editor-in-chief of treats Steve Shaw told us that his nude magazine was different from Oldschool Playboys, because "Playboy is for Men".
I do this for women.
Apparently, he thinks it's the calendar.
"We have to return to the depiction of timeless and classic nakedness, where both women and men feel comfortable and inspired by these pictures of a female body," said Shaw in a press release on the publication of the calendar.
Women will want to take part in this project because it is a beautiful work of art.
Models can submit their images online or in person at the open casting call in Los Angeles and New York.
Turkey: Kurdish community expects mass exodus
"Who does not adapt and praises Erdogan, sits on packed suitcases," says the chairman of the Gülen-near foundation dialogue and World, Edwin Karakoyun.
The Kurdish community of Germany expects in the short term with tens of thousands of protection seekers fleeing from Turkey to Germany.
In the medium term, it could even become "a few hundred thousand", believes the association chairman Ali Toprak.
Due to the harsh approach of Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan after the coup attempt, the Kurdish community of Germany expects a mass exodus to Germany.
"In the short term, I reckon with tens of thousands, in the medium term, with a few hundred thousand protection seekers from Turkey in Germany, when the Erdogan regime continues to fight the minorities and the democratic opposition," says the association chairman Ali Toprak of the "world" of Friday.
Because the government had already covered Kurdish strongholds with punitive actions months ago, 500,000 Kurds were fleeing within Turkey.
After the thwarted coup, secular and oppositional ethnic Turks would still be added.
Many will want to start anew in Europe if they are further suppressed in Turkey.
"It cannot be that a state that is self-absorbing refugees produces refugees in their own country," said Toprak.
The head of the association lamented the targeted settlement of Syrian Arabs in Kurdish, but also in Alevi cities.
This is what Erdogan wants to increase the pressure on the remaining Kurds to leave.
"They are the last large minority in Turkey, the Christian Armenians and Greeks have already been exterminated or expelled in the past hundred years," said Toprak, who is also a CDU member.
The head of the association called for the Federal government to "position itself as sharply as Austria against Erdogan and its followers".
A "witch hunt" against Erdogan critics is also taking place in Germany.
I am not feeling safe in Germany for the first time in recent months.
The German branch of the Gülen movement also fears the flight of many Turks abroad.
More Turks will seek asylum in Germany, especially Kurds and opposition.
The branding as a Gülen pendant destroys the professional existence of teachers and other academics.
"Who does not adapt and praises Erdogan, sits on packed suitcases, by the way also the kemaists and secular," said Edwin Karakoyun, chairman of the Gülen-near foundation dialogue and education, the "world".
As reported by the newspaper citing figures from the Federal Ministry, the Turks, before the coup, presented the largest group of asylum-seekers recognised in Germany for political persecution.
By the deadline of 30 June, this was 11,386 people and thus almost 29 per cent of all recognised as entitled to Asylum (39,625).
In this survey, there is no escaping from war, poverty or hopelessness.
The right to asylum according to the Basic Law is exclusively political, i.e. from the state side, individually persecuted.
Mecklenburg-Vorpommern: "Go where it Hurts"
Strange Mecklenburg-Vorpommern: The locals do not get anything from the summer election campaign-and the holidaymakers from North Rhine-Westphalia may not choose the Landtag.
In Mecklenburg-Vorpommern you have understood.
In 2021, the Landtag election will not be held again directly at the end of the summer holidays, the Schwerin Parliament has already decided at the beginning of the year.
It's no more stupid than it is: summer holidays, heat and Landtag election campaign-this is biting.
The locals who are to be persuaded by the election campaigners are on vacation.
The majority of holidaymakers in the country, on Usedom, Rügen or Hiddensee, are not locals, so they must not choose the Landtag.
In addition, there are practical problems: during the holidays, helpers hanging posters, blowing up balloons, distributing flyers and counting votes in the end are only laboriously encouraged.
Until September 4, 2016, the election and last day of the holiday, Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, once again, has to pass a election campaign close to the people.
The hot phase, if you can say that at all, has just begun.
And it is also about something: Prime Minister Erwin Celery, leader of an SPD/CDU coalition, must fear for his office.
The SPD, the strongest party since 1998, is now clearly behind the CDU in polls.
Exciting is how much newcomer AfD cuts off and what is left in the end of a coalition fit.
Sellering, 66 years old and since 2008 head of government, makes an almost inconspicuous campaign, one sees from his large posters.
He travels through the country, spreads roses and chats a little with the people, just as his legendary word-sparse predecessor Harald Ringstorff did.
Otherwise, Seelering has got cold feet and gives Chancellor Merkel the blame for blooming the AfD.
Their refugee policy, their "we create this" has accelerated the rise of right-wing populists, which is now presumably going to cost him the beautiful office.
The CDU with its top candidate, the Interior Minister Lorenz Caffier, has already experienced what it is like to make a campaign at the wrong time in the right place.
She has twice invited Chancellor Angela Merkel to major rallies; Merkel's Bundestag constituency is located in the northeast.
But the target group did not agree, there were more North Rhine-Westphalia, Berlin and Saxony there than Mecklenburg and Vorpommern.
"There was probably the majority in other federal states," Vincent Kokert, general secretary of the CDU in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, recently denounced the NDR.
But it is also too bad for anyone from other corners of Germany to listen to Angela Merkel.
Otherwise, the northeast CDU largely renounces the usual electoral stands on market squares and in front of shopping malls with parasols and balloons.
This, says Kokert, only plays a "subordinate role".
The Union also noticed that in the country you wegbröselt the base, that it must exert itself very hard to find another wire to the people.
It is like the left, the SPD, the Greens: scarcely present in the vastness of the country.
The Council of the CDU campaigner Kokert to his comrades, however, is also self-revealing: "You must go where it hurts, namely where people are: festivals, golden Weddings, every birthday party must be used".
Because much is at stake, selling his SPD has now called for a particularly committed election campaign.
In polls, the Social Democrats were last 22 percent behind partner CDU (25) and only just before the AfD (19).
In the 2011 election, the SPD had still clearly won 35.6 percent before the CDU (22).
The Greens, small party with seven percent in the polls, are likely to make the leap into the Landtag.
They make a modern virtue out of the holiday-not and set their election campaign largely on the internet.
"Online election campaign", calls it the country's chairman Claudia Müller.
Otherwise, green election fighters are looking for local voters to search for the locals.
Silke Gajek, the top candidate, curves just with a houseboat through the Mecklenburg Lakes and still finds it beautiful.
Her impression: "Election holidays in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern is not a punishment".
B27-Rehabilitation: restaurants suffering from blocking
There is nothing to complain about the speed with which the B 27 is being rehabilitated.
For those responsible for the construction work, which starts at 5.30 a.m. and ends at around 8pm, there is praise everywhere.
"They made it all pretty smart," says Elvira Tetzlaff from the Jet gas station.
This is a superteam.
There is no delay either.
The construction site was scheduled to be moved south at the beginning of the week, until the end of October everything should be ready.
It is also praised for the people who are responsible for the construction work, for example when it comes to setting up makeshift driveways.
Since the construction site has migrated to the south on Monday and also the blocking of the Aspergstraße in Ofterdingen has been lifted and thus the connection to Rottenburg again exists, the traffic situation within the village has relaxed.
The citizens can now travel from Ofterdingen from the B 27 again on both sides.
The Dodge traffic through the place seems to go back.
"There were sometimes considerable complaints", says the deputy chief executive officer Florian King, who was responsible for the transport management of the renovation.
The residents of Bach's street, Stone Laughing Street, Hafnerstraße and pond rain had to contend with more traffic noise, because many creeping paths were searching and more familiar to their navi than the signposting.
Which resulted in some trucks being frayed in residential areas.
Since the speed limits were not adhered to, the municipality also urged the measuring vehicle of Mössingen.
"There were considerable transgressions," said King, who made himself aware of the situation on the spot.
Two to three per minute have been flashed.
The fastest was 77 hours in the speed 30 zone.
Since the construction site has moved on, it has become quieter.
For the business people at the B 27, it is only a small consolation that the street is now open to customers from Rottenburg.
Business people don't like to look into the cards.
But that the B 27 remediation has led to sales slumps, everyone who is asked can be looked through.
However, some are more and some are less affected.
Those who have less to do with the "end customer", i.e. produced for other companies, for whom the renovation has hardly followed.
Thomas Sulz also speaks of a "maximum slight decline" at the Maier dealership, but also admits that "the running clientele is missing".
The most heavily battered are the local along the road.
J. Albert Göhner, owner of the Steak House, formerly crown, finds clear words.
This is already threatening existence.
Not only him, but all the restaurants have hit it "hard".
Customers from Hechingen, Balingen and Rottweil were missing.
We must be happy about every euro turnover.
He quantifies the sales losses to "well over 50 percent".
The rehabilitation of the roads had "thrown back" by two years.
He had to dismiss half of his employees.
If I had a company with 4000 employees and half would have been dismissed, the policy would have reacted differently.
Instead, government president Jörg Schmidt responded to a request from Göhner, whether there could be a financial compensation, with the hint replied, the restaurant will benefit from the benefits of the location on the B 27. Now, it must also bear the disadvantages that arise from the renovation.
Göhner knows of other counties, where such a thing was handled more generously.
In all complaints, Göhner is sure that his restaurant will continue to exist.
After all, the family business has been located here since 1715, he refers to the long history.
He can understand that other regulars are now less likely to stop by because of the complicated traffic management.
If you can't go here, it's nice to be somewhere else.
Göhner has no doubts that his regular clientele will come back after the end of the renovation work.
Despite the crises with BSE and avian flu, Göhner considers the impact of the B 27 construction work on its clientele for the biggest crisis that its restaurant has experienced in its long history.
Six months of construction work, that's already brutal.
In the name of the fight against terrorism, laws are constantly being screwed.
After the recent attacks, Interior Minister de Maizière now presents a thick security package.
But what has a tolerance status to do with terror?
And what does the coalition partner say to all this?
Thomas de Maizière gives the reconciler.
All his proposals are "politically reasonable" to the coalition partner, says the federal minister at the presentation of his new security package.
They don't overwhelm anyone.
Other, more advanced points would initially be discussed within the parties.
I also participate in this.
As Minister of the Interior, however, he was given results and a "recoverable consensus" within the coalition.
After the recent attacks in Würzburg and Ansbach, de Maizière has had a little time to pass before presenting his conclusions for security in the Republic.
But they are now all the more extensive.
Some is already known, announced, targeted: that a new security authority should look after the cracking of encrypted communication is not new.
Nor is the fact that Germany has to implement several EU regulations on passenger data and weapons law.
The call for more video surveillance and personnel for the security authorities is also not surprising.
In part, de Maizière launches a second start for proposals that were not to be made with the SPD so far: he wants to punish sympathy advertising for terrorist groups and jihadists the German passport with dual citizenship.
"These will be difficult points for the SPD", admits the CDU man.
Nevertheless, he deems this to be reasonable and does not demand anything that the coalition partner has no chances anyway.
A few new ideas presented de Maizière also.
They have it in part: He is planning quick procedures for deportation and more possibilities for detention of people before deportation.
Refugees who are specifically brought into the country should first have their smartphones checked and social media accounts disclosed for a security review.
In tolerating rejected asylum seekers, he wants to make some even worse than hitherto, such as those who commit crimes or deliberately discard their papers in order to conceal their identity.
Some of them are politically and legally sensitive.
Some things are also baked and leaves questions open.
And on some points-in the unequal treatment of tolerated, for example-the question arises: what does this have to do with security and terror?
Yes, says de Maizière, it is important to differentiate between the issues of refugees and terror.
But it is not possible to deny that the assassins of Ansbach and Würzburg were refugees.
In addition, many people were concerned about security in the face of the high numbers of refugees.
And things that people profoundly employed were not even allowed to be excluded in election campaign times.
Internal security has been a huge focus.
First the attacks in the neighbourhood: Paris, Copenhagen, Brussels, Nice.
Then the attacks in Würzburg and Ansbach.
The uncertainty is great.
And yes, there are election fights.
The Union and the SPD are therefore increasingly putting themselves on the subject of internal security.
In the past few days, the two parties were high.
It was only a nasty dispute over the equipping of the federal Police, then a collection of security policy ideas of some union interior ministers, in which the heads of the ministries also demand a burka ban and a departure from dual citizenship.
De Maizière strives is also here for conciliatory tones.
He has nothing to do with a departure from the double pass.
We have pacified the discussion in Germany.
It is not sensible to reopen it.
And in a burka ban, he has constitutional concerns.
Whether his own package at all corners is constitutional and whether it is actually "reasonable" for the coalition partner, has yet to show itself.
There are a lot of things that could cause controversy.
But the SPD is also trying to profile itself in the topic of internal security.
Party chief Sigmar Gabriel first of all tentatively signals willingness to talk and says: "The SPD is ready to speak about everything, which helps to increase security further".
The Volkswagen lightly is still coming through.
Despite diesel scandals, the delivery figures are rising worldwide.
But not all markets are running around.
The recall action has a swirl around a term.
Volkswagen starts in the second half of the year in the deliveries.
Despite the diesel affair, Europe's largest carmaker can continue to present a positive trend in spite of its many brands and some well-running markets.
However, in July Brody the VW brand was mainly in Western Europe and again burdened the total sales, as the company quoted in the Dax.
Worldwide, the VW brand sold 449100 cars to 1.8 percent fewer vehicles in July than in the same month of the previous year.
In Western Europe alone, the second most important market after China, sales were 14 percent below the previous year.
In the domestic market of Germany, the deliveries slumped by almost one-sixth.
Brand Sales manager Jürgen Stackmann introduced the weaker figures from July mainly to two sales days less in Europe.
In addition, there has been a reluctance to buy in some core markets by changing economic conditions.
In addition to the situation surrounding the coup attempt in Turkey, the British vote on the withdrawal from the EU also had a negative impact, explained a spokeswoman.
In the US, where the exhaust affair first escalated, there is also a minus to be booked.
Great support for VW is the Chinese market.
Overall, the mainly affected home brand of Lower Saxony is still lightly by the diesel scandal: After the first seven months, only a delivery minus of 0.9 percent to 3.37 million vehicles is to be booked.
Group Sales manager Fred Kappler continued to have a sales plus from January to July.
1.3 percent more vehicles delivered Volkswagen at this time, worldwide 5.904 million.
Volkswagen had been manipulating a software exhaust test.
In Germany alone, VW is calling for around 2.5 million cars to be retrofitted to the workshops.
In the course of the changeover, VW reiterated that the conversion of the cars did not have any negative effects.
After retrofitting the vehicles, there is no deterioration in fuel consumption, CO2 emissions or engine performance.
After retrofitting, the car manufacturer shall issue a "guarantee-like" certificate to the customer, but do not speak of a "guarantee" as it was called on Friday in company circles.
The reason is legal subtleties.
The "Focus" had reported that Volkswagen now guarantees its German customers a guarantee for converted diesel models.
This was confirmed last Monday by VW representative at the Federal Ministry of Transport.
The Ministry of Transport confirmed that there was this meeting.
"VW has to fully comply with the requirements of my investigative commission and KBA."
"Deviations from this will not be accepted," declared federal Transport Minister Alexander Dobrindt (CSU) according to the ministry.
VW has assumed the guarantee that no deterioration will take place in the case of fuel consumption, CO2 emissions or engine power after conversion and that all vehicle values of type approval are unchanged.
Volkswagen itself does not use the term "guarantee", however, as it was called in business circles.
In the broad term "guarantee", Volkswagen sees the possibility that customers, for example, will be able to come to a workshop with a motor damage half a year after retrofitting-and this could result in the new software, even if the damage has nothing to do with it.
It is also important in the customer's interest to avoid the fact that any other damage, which has nothing to do with the exhaust gas scandal, comes to uncertainty about possible warranty regulations, as was said.
That is why VW does not use the term "guarantee".
Raiffeisen Bank Gmund at Tegernsee is asking for wealthy savers in future punitive interest rates-as the second Institute in Germany.
Bank chief Josef Paul said on Thursday: "It's only about 139 customers who park 40 million euros on Giro or daily money accounts".
The Federal Association of German Banks speaks of an individual case and does not see a signal in it: normal savers would not have to worry about paying a rate for their savings.
If banks deposit money overnight at the European Central Bank (ECB), they must pay their 0.4 percent penalty rate.
From September onwards, Raiffeisen Bank Gmund will demand this fee from private and corporate customers for deposits of over 100,000 euros on Giro or daily money accounts.
"The first 100,000 euros are free."
"The next 100,000 will cost 400 euros a year in the future," said Paul.
For quite some time he has been herding 40 million euros, which could be lifted from one day to the other and which he could not revalue.
"They lie with me on the central bank account and cause 0.4 percent cost," said the chief.
"I can't lie down for every million 4000 euros."
The costs are now passed on to the polluter-pays principle.
Simply leaving the cash in the safes of the Raiffeisen bank would be far too dangerous: "I have already experienced four raids, I do not like the fifth!" said the bank's board.
Most customers would have understood and switched to other forms of investment.
Only a few migrated to other banks.
The Bavarian Cooperative Association declared: "The ECB's extreme monetary policy stance is causing significant costs for all banks."
To bear them alone is "not economically feasible".
Some German banks have therefore increased their fees for accounting, credit cards or bank transfers.
With penalty interest for deposits of EUR 3 million, the Thuringian people's and Raiffeisen bank Altenburger Land had made headlines with their Skatbank branch in 2014.
Michael Kemmer, chief executive officer of the Banking Association, said: "We do not expect private customers to have to pay nationwide for deposits, so competition in Germany under banks and savings banks is far too strong".
A banker said that at Tegernsee there was "a clientele endowed with wealth more luxuriant".
"This can be a small bank to the problem" if you have free money hats.
The Cooperative bank Gmund, founded in 1911, has branches in Bad Wiessee, Rottach-Egern, Kreuth and Tegernsee.
Famous actors, sportsmen and entrepreneurs live in the region.
At present, no other banks are known to the Cooperative Association of Bavaria, which charge a reimbursement for deposits from private customers, "said spokesman Ernst.
The President of the Federal Association of German People's banks and Raiffeisen Banks (BVR), Uwe Fröhlich, had declared at the end of June: "The threshold of going into negatives towards the private customer is very, very high".
The competition is fierce and there is a threat of the emigration of investors to competition.
Customers in Germany will not be able to enjoy this in the broadest possible range.
Destination plates: Who actually buys vinyl records?
Lonely men of Middle Ages love plates.
Before you rush to the commentary to sow it under the pseudonym NichtAlleEinsamenMännerMittlerenAlters with harsh insults, this statement derives from current data.
According to YouGov, the much-discussed Wiederaufstehung of vinyl records is not due to a boom in millennials, which wants to welcome the news of physical objects, but rather to the mid-life nostalgia.
Those who recently bought a record are most likely to be aged between 45 and 54.
In fact, the age group of 18-24 is the most unlikely buyer group.
It is also not a horde of hobby collectors-it has an emotional meaning: older record buyers tend to keep their feelings for themselves (56% vs. 53%) and enjoy spending time alone (69% vs. 66%).
But do the results of YouGov agree?
If this blog were a news report on TV, the camera would follow me while I was walking in the middle of a busy street in Soho, wearing a modest grey suit and gestuliereing wildly before I stood, holding my hands and saying something decisive like, "So, let's take a closer look at it."
So, let's take a look at it.
Even though the heart of Soho is slowly filling up with its charm losing hotels, restaurants and offices now the buildings in which once independent sellers were established-there is still a handful of fantastic record shops.
I would probably ask the cameraman to turn off the camera for the next part, in which I am in close proximity to different men in such shops and try to assess their age and mind through observation.
Stuart from Glasgow, 55, whom I from sister Ray (data count: Two young women, three middle-aged men) to Reckles Records (data number: Eight middle-aged men, a woman, presumably around 20), is one day long because of a meeting in London and goes through the shops to fill the few hours.
Is he a collector, I ask?
"I guess so," he says.
I have about 3,000 or 4,000 plates.
These records, pictured above (he sent me the snapshot by email, I did not follow him home), dress the walls of his living room.
The reason he owns such a significant number of albums and singles is the result of his disposable income: he is now able to buy plates that he could not afford when they appeared and again buy items he sold when he was young and broke.
"Many things I buy are from the late 60s, early 70s, which appeared when I was 11 or 12. Things I was probably a little too young to buy, "he says.
He agrees that those who buy plates are rather introverted and happy to spend time alone, adding: "I don't smoke and I don't drink very much.
That's my truck.
GMT, 25, who works at Sister Ray, also believes that many customers he meets will apply to the YouGov profile.
However, he has also noticed a new wave of people affected by the MEDIENHPE, people who have heard about the comeback and are forced to buy back their old records.
Of the conversations I led, people usually got rid of their collection around 1998 or 1999.
Customers who once sold their records to buy CDs now sell their CDs to buy their records again, "he says.
This would explain the boom of followers of the record revival of a certain age.
But what about the alleged emotional importance of plates?
It only takes a few seconds in a business like Phonica to realize that record shops provide a soothing community of minded people.
According to GMT, some of the older customers took offense to the contactless payment system.
Some record fans feel overwhelmed by the digital world and want to retreat to the stability of familiar record covers, from objects that evoke happy youth memories.
"I think sometimes it may be filling a void or owning material possessions as a kind of consolation," says GMT.
It's like a collector and I think it's like that for a lot of people.
It's an easy way to deal mentally.
"We are like your social workers!" an employee flutes from a stack of plates.
A survey by the ICM in April revealed that almost 50% of the people who bought a record last month have not yet listened to it.
The survey also found that 41% have a record player they never use, while 7% of those who buy a record do not have a turntable.
At this point in the news report, I would probably look very anxious as I leaf through a pile of bossa nova compilations.
Jonny, 42, who works at Sounds of the universe (data number: Three middle-aged men), has noticed a "trophy aspect" of the revival.
"Someone just came in here recently and said," I don't own a record player, but I'd like to buy a Radiohead record so I can put it on the shelf, "he says.
This is not a big percentage, but it definitely happens.
More produktlastig, less musiklastig.
We have people who say, "I don't have a turntable."
These are younger people, not elders, who come in slowly.
Fopp, which has devoted almost a whole floor to the records, has a more colourful audience than I go.
There are couples around the 70, tourists who take photos, Teenagejungs and middle-aged women.
Even though the atmosphere is a little less relaxed than in the aforementioned shops-Wild Beast's newest synthesizer and sexbepackter pop instead of experimental jazz roars out of the loudspeakers-it is good to see such diversity among the customers.
None of them looks very lonely, but nagging mental trauma is hard to detect if you stand next to someone for 30 seconds.
Elanora, 27, has been running around for a few minutes and is looking at the variety of plates for sale.
It's more of a window shopping than a big shopping.
She doesn't deserve much, so collecting records is not a real option, she says.
It costs a lot.
It is easy to listen to music from a computer or other way, but the beauty of plates is... "She drives with a loving sigh.
I don't know how to explain it-it's really unique.
My last stop is a business that is said to have inspired a new generation of record lovers: Urban Outfitters.
While I seem to be patterning the jeans hot pants, I'm watching a group of young teenage girls who are grouping around Polaroid cameras for a moment before a father and his daughter think about buying a Crosley turntable.
To the left is a staircase, a wall full of plates by Adele, Jeff Buckley, Amy Winehouse and Fleetwood Mac: A mixture of contemporary music and classics, the essential plates for an average collection.
No one looks at them-perhaps because they are purely decorative, some so far up that it is impossible to touch them.
It is pure "record art".
But considering that any attraction for these items would mean more money for the industry and some customers could send into the deep sohos for more, there is nothing to complain about.
It is no surprise that a population group that has more time and money than others is also the one who spends most on luxury items such as slabs.
Even though my research has shown that the results of YouGov are correct, they, at least in record stores in Soho, do not take into account the large number of female collectors and record lovers who exist in reality, record shops and online forums.
These people are probably working hard at school or in offices.
They certainly do not spend their Thursday morning strolling through the record shops of Berwick Street and leafing through slabs, while avoiding the glaring gaze of an uncanny, 30-year-old false moderator who rises above the shoulders of middle-aged men.
Greenland is the longest-lived vertebrate video report
Scientifically say that the Greenland has the longest lifespan of all vertebrates on the planet.
Julius Nielsen, who is investigating sharks, says that the record was in a female, from which it is assumed that it is between 272 and 512 years old and five meters long
French court rejects offer about demolition of stores in the Jungle refugee camp
A French court has rejected an offer of the authorities in Calais, dozens of provisional shops and restaurants in the jungle of Calais, where thousands of refugees live, barriers.
At a court hearing this week, the authorities in Calais argued that that the state should be empowered to dismantle 72 provisional transactions in which persons within the camp were, from cigarettes to energy, sell, offer hairdressing services or sell tea for 50 cents (40 pence) or simple meals for a few euros in makeshift restaurants.
The Calais prefecture argued that these places should be demolished, because they would represent a parallel economy from which no taxes would be paid and which would entail a fire and sanitation risk.
Humanitarian groups shared with the court that the shops and restaurants were important because the free meals offered by the state-sponsored association and other groups would not provide enough food for the growing numbers in the warehouse.
They also stated that the provisional shops and restaurants would often offer accommodation and free meals for people in need.
A court in Lille decided that there would be no legal basis for the expulsion of people carrying out the 72 provisional transactions, but admitted that the concerns of the prefecture of Calais were "absolutely comprehensible."
The judge Jean-François Molla said that the grocery stores, cafes and restaurants would play a much larger role than just feed people who "live in extremely precarious conditions."
He said that the areas provide quiet meeting points between refugees and volunteers.
One of the places threatened by low-tearing, was the camp's Jungle Book Kids ' Café, which is run by Gemeinnnützig and offers 200 meals a day, English and French classes as well as advice on asylum for the hundreds of vulnerable, unaccompanied minors in the warehouse.
More than 170,000 people have signed the petition to uphold the kids ' café.
In a letter to the Guardian it was said that the closure "for these children would be a catastrophe of which the youngest are eight years old."
The two aid organizations help refugees and l'auberge of the migrant estimated on Friday that the number of people living in the jungle camp had risen to over 9,000 men-the highest number to date-after a steep increase of newcomers during the summer.
Despite Olympic disappointment: Martin remains fighting
Despite his disappointing appearance at the Olympic time trial, professional Tony Martin does not want to be caught.
"I keep a look at the World Cup, remain confident and fight further," wrote the 31-year-old on Thursday before his departure from Rio de Janeiro on Facebook.
He did not have an explanation for his miserable twelfth place at the sugar.
"I honestly find it hard to comment on yesterday's time trial," said Martin.
He had to analyse in peace the reasons for the debacle.
At the world Championship in October in Qatar, Martin was really trying to fight for the title.
"I will look at everything that we have changed in recent times."
"This is also my position", wrote the three-time world champion, who lost on Wednesday on the 54.5 km more than three minutes to the Olympic champion Fabian Cancellara (Switzerland).
Olympia: Tennis pro Siegemund missed semifinals
The triumph of Laura Siegemund ended in the quarterfinals of Rio: the world rankings-32. From Metzingen missed by a 1:6, 1:6 against Monica Puig (Puerto Rico/WTA No.
34) The semi-finals of the Olympic tennis tournament.
Siegemund, who was plagued by back problems, was only able to carry out her impact once, and had a powerless effect compared to the previous rounds.
On Thursday still had medals hope Angelique Notcher (Kiel/Nr. 2) the chance to jump into the semi.
The Australian Open winner met the British Johanna Conta (No. 10).
As the last German tennis professional, Tommy Haas brought a silver medal in Sydney in 2000.
Two German DTB-starters in the quarterfinals of Summer Games had given it last in 1992.
Never before has a German duo stood in an Olympic singles semifinal.
Group increases in start-up for live video game transmissions
Watching other people playing video games is a huge trend-and Microsoft wants to take advantage of it.
The technology group buys the start-up beam, which specializes in this hobby.
Microsoft did not share the amount of money for the takeover on Thursday.
With its offer, beam only started in January and already has more than 100,000 users.
You can watch others while you play, but also engage yourself.
For example, you can give players missions and face enemies as well as provide equipment.
The game giant Activision Blizzard launches a new HD video service for the booming world of e-sports.
On the way to the global media event, Facebook will help.
The advertising industry is already listening.
The start-ups, which has been headquartered in Seattle, Washington, are moving to Microsoft headquarters in Redmond, California, as Beam co-founder and chief Matt Salsamendi reported.
Therefore, the takeover should not change the customer.
According to Microsoft, beam is integrated into the video game department around the Xbox console.
The market of live streaming of video game activities is currently growing rapidly.
Known platforms are Twitch and YouTube gaming.
Twitch was purchased in 2014 by Amazon's online retailer – for almost a billion dollars.
YouTube gaming belongs to the Google Mother alphabet.
Here comes the enforcement trailer
Germany's speeders have to adapt to the next generation of speedometers: in various federal states, among others in Hesse and Brandenburg, new flash units are being tested, which are intended to make the speed sinners particularly effective.
The futuristic enforcement trailers of the company Vitronic from Wiesbaden can be used for example in accident areas where it would be too dangerous for a mobile measurement by the police.
For example, on motorway construction sites or on refurbished bridges with a temporary speed limit, there is often no necessary infrastructure to provide a stationary flasher for adherence to the speed limit.
However, permanent mobile construction can be dangerous or costly.
The enforcement trailer is self-sufficient: its battery lasts five days with continuous measuring operation, the case data is transmitted encrypted via a modem.
With laser measurement technology, all vehicles can also be recorded across several tracks simultaneously.
Variable speed limits as well as transit bans by time, lane and vehicle class can also be monitored.
In the raised state you can move the trailer according to manufacturer with any car with trailer hitch.
So that it is not simply stolen, it is lowered in the measuring mode, so that the wheels disappear in the armored and by the way also bulletproof outer shell.
In addition, a built-in alarm system should protect the flasher from vandalism.
Since 2015, the trailer has been tested by vitronic in various federal states and has now also been used.
Also foreign authorities flash with the new technology: Recently, France has ordered 100 pieces after an order of 150 pieces last year.
Britain clinches silver in 7-er rugby after Fiji Masterclass Gold Holt
The impressive performance of Britain's 7-er rugby came in the final on Thursday night to an abrupt halt at the last hurdle in the form of the Fijis, when they were beaten with a result of 43-7 at the Deodoro Stadium here in Rio.
Fiji awarded a master class in handling, side stepping, back, line and raw power to win gold-their first Olympic medal of any color.
The defeat was sweetened by the not too bad consolation price of the silver medal-Britain's fourth on that day-and they could be quite proud of their efforts in this tournament in which they beat New Zealand, Argentina and South Africa.
The clear defeat of the Boks, 7-5 in the semifinals on the same day could fall back on them in the final.
But regardless of this, Fiji would have beaten a 15-man team in its best form.
It might be a consolation for GB--but it probably won't--that at least one Brit tomorrow will have a gold medal hanging around his neck: Fiji's head coach Ben Ryan, the former boss for England from Wimbledon.
GB had a difficult path behind it.
Eight years ago, she lost every game at the Adelaide Sevens under Ryan.
Here they lost only one.
This setback will hurt, but the progress is amazing.
Fiji started out wonderfully and made the attacks GBS bounce out of fun.
It felt for the captain Tom Mitchell and Co. as if they were running in buses. The World Series winners went 5-0 up as Osea Kolinisau in the corner of Rüberhechtete.
With another four minutes of playtime, Jerry Tuwai added another attack from the right corner he converted.
12-0 and GB barely touched the ball.
A an tackle by Mitchell stopped the mountain of man Leone Nakarawa to score a third goal, but it only stopped Fiji.
In the seventh minute lete Jasa Veremalua in the right corner a touchdown and it stood 0-17 for GB.
Nakarawa added a new one since the kick-off and there were still over a minute playing time... in the first half.
Vatemo Ravouvou dashed by further weak tackles of the GB team and stormed up to the line to make a goal.
The conversion brought a 29-0 until the break.
It's like Fiji was born to play the 7, while GB still learns.
That's the way it is.
GB introduced fundamental changes at halftime and closed the Fijianische Gap... for a whole four minutes, which was good for the conditions of the first half until Joshua Tuisova went through a brilliant intermediate play of Fiji.
Dan Norton started a trial for GB, made a touchdown in the left corner for a 36-7, but the game was long in favor of the South Pacific Islander, whose fans sang, waving flags and danced in the grandstand.
It was not difficult to admire the playful approach of Fiji.
Mata Viliame put the icing on the cake with another try in the last few seconds.
The whistle sounded, the Fijis hugged each other and GB kicked devastatingly beaten in the lawn.
Earlier that day, Fiji had defeated Japan in the semifinals with 20-5 and Britain pushed South Africa in a tight semi-final match from the race-Britain's transformation of the difference.
Kyle Brown brought the Boks to the front in the first half, but Dan Norton broke through the line with an impressive work and scored a goal among the posts in the second half.
A brilliant late tackling of Marcus Watson, the brother of Anthony of the English 15-aside team, secured the win and thus the silver medal.
Helen Glover and Heather Stanning inspired by battle with the cancer of the trainer to Rudersieg
There will be no emotinaleres gold than these games, and that will mean something.
From the first stroke to the last, 220 hard Hieve that go into history, Helen Glover and Heather Stanning found an additional meaning in their golden moment at Estacio da Lagoa.
Even though there were only the two who were seated at the helm, there were three voices in the boat. The echo of coach Robin Williams, was present as they rowed to the second Olympic gold in the two without a tax-woman in a row, the first women in the history of British sports, who laid such a yardstick.
Their dominance was absolute, after all, their 39th undefeated commitment, which is also unprecedented.
What we see are two brilliant athletes gliding across the surface with the elegance of swans, which does not completely reflect the nature of the triumph.
Behind every gold in rowing is a battalion of willing helpers, that contribute to the incremental progress that makes the difference and there was no one more helpful than the coach who did not know 30 months ago if he would survive that day when he was diagnosed with cancer.
Like he said he was risky.
I had bladder cancer, which is inoperable, and they did.
If they don't, it spreads everywhere.
It would have been a pretty bad situation.
It changes a little the outlook.
Williams was diagnosed in December 2013.
The trio was lucky that he could start treatment in early 2014, out of season, which kept the interruption to a minimum, if that is the right term in such circumstances.
I needed money, so I had to get better soon.
It was an incentive.
I was in the hospital and ran around the station-20 feet, 30 feet, 50 feet at a time when they said that some steps would suffice.
That's how it starts.
Rowing in itself is a challenge, but that makes it even bigger.
In the immediacy of victory, their first thoughts went to Williams, who spent a nerve-wracking morning talking a little more than usual, trying to process his own fears.
Stanning, who was a captain in the Royal Artillery Regiment in a mission in Afghanistan, said, "I was an emotional wreck this week. That may be something extreme, but it means so much. "
It only repeats how much this means to me how much I and Helen and also Robin have worked.
There were three fantastic years with Helen and Robin.
Without Robin we would be nobody, so a massive thank you to him. He's the best coach in the world.
I could not have wanted a better person to train or a better coach.
Helena Glover and Heather Stanning have not lost a race in the last five years.
The couple had a hard rhythm with which their opponents could not keep up.
Even in the last 500 meters, when the teams from New Zealand and Denmark started to unlock, Stanning and Glover had too much in reserve.
We were very caught at the moment.
Helen cried "Stay in the process, stay in the process".
It's really important not to be swept away.
We had a good start and at the same time we were not prepared to do something great.
We didn't want fireworks today, we just wanted to get a good result, go out and win the race, which we did.
The couple will take a time out for a year before it will make decisions about their future.
Glover must appear next week at a wedding, her own with the TV adventurer Steve Backwill.
Now she just wants to enjoy the moment.
I didn't mean to say this was my last race.
That would have meant too much pressure.
In London it took about six months to realize that I am an Olympic champion.
It was all so new to me and I was so stressed out.
It took about four minutes.
That feels so much better, "she said.
Thirty-eight years of exemplary clarity
The managing director of the water Zweckverbands "Veitensteingruppe", Ruppert Göller, is retiring.
The association is considered to be "Bavaria's most exemplary".
A small Franconian drinking water Association as a model for the large water producers.
So it was said some time ago in the original sound in a contribution of the Bavarian Broadcasting.
Shortly thereafter, the Water Forum of the Government of under Franconia acknowledged the purpose of the association.
The work of the Veitensteingruppe is considered to be exemplary.
Behind all this stands Rupert Göller, who was 31 years in the purpose of association staff, 28 years as managing director.
Now he was retired at the age of 65 years.
The Drinking Water Association The Veitensteingruppe, based in Kottendorf, municipality of Brunn, annually promotes about 150000 cubic meters of water and supplies 32 places and hamlets with about 5500 inhabitants.
Member municipalities are the municipalities of Kirch Lauter, Breitkopf, Lauter, Ebelsbach and the town.
For other towns and municipalities there are water supply.
The current chairman, Mayor Gertrud Bühl (FW), recalled that Rupert Göller was hired as a water warden in 1985 and was appointed managing Director of the Purpose Association in 1988.
"His tasks have been very diverse and they ranged from Wasserleitungsbau and maintenance work to office and organisational activities, the preparation of budgets, calculation of fees and contributions to emergency operations at weekends," said the chairman.
As outstanding events, she called the commissioning and inauguration of the new Wells (1994), land purchases in the area of the new Wells (1998) and compensation for farmers, the refurbishment of the High Reservoirs (1999), the repurchase of a central computer control (2004) and the partial renewal of water pipes.
There has been no standstill and there have always been new additions, because water is life and drinking water is the most important foodstuff.
In her eulogy she praised Göllers loyal, reliable and correct service for over 31 years.
He has used his passion for his water association and he has lived the water association as if it were his own company.
A few weeks ago, as a real practitioner, he was allowed to present the success concept of Veitensteingruppe for nitrate reduction in front of the water Forum of the District under Franconia.
He received a great deal of recognition and praise for this.
Rupert Göller, on his part, praised Water wart Alfons Griebel, who worked with him for 28 years.
He's the best water wart and he was a loyal squire.
Together we were an unbeatable team.
As a high point from his point of view he described the well-being and the restructuring of the purpose Association.
The biggest challenge and the most difficult bet were the pipe at the high reservoir at Kirch Lauter on a 3rd January.
Here, at minus 17 degrees, the whole night had to work, so that the localities could be supplied with water.
It was also possible to maintain the supply of the Brunn only, because the high tank of Pettstadt was filled with hoses.
The management of the drinking water zweckverbandes was handed over to Daniel Stürmer from Lauterbrunnen, who succeeded Rupert Göller.
The soprano Anna Netrebko goes openly with the autism of her son Tiago-and turns to other affected parents: "You must have the courage to talk about it."
"Medicine has made great strides," said the 44-year-old of the Italian newspaper "Corriere della Sera".
When the disease was discovered by her son, she believed she must die.
However, the eight-year-old Tiago has come forward and is now learning privately in New York, where the best therapists are.
"To give an example: if I ask him something that is two years back when I sang at the Scala in Milan, he remembers nothing," said Netrebko.
But he is the happiest man on Earth.
Tiago comes from Netrebkos connection with the bass baritone Erwin Scrap.
She is now married to the tenor Yusif Eyvazov.
Beziehungstat in Bargteheide-man shoots at life companion
A 35-year-old man shot his partner on Friday at 10.45 in a multi-family house in Bargteheide (Kreis Stormarn) and injured her in a deadly manner.
"The man himself called us and indicated that he had shot his partner," said a police spokeswoman.
The perpetrator is on the run, after him will be publicly wanted.
Now nationwide, because Sven S. could be travelling by car.
The man is about 1.80 feet tall, muscular, brown-fired and has a bald head.
Meanwhile, the police have published a photo of him.
It's a few years old, though.
Meanwhile, the man wears a bald head.
The man should not be addressed directly.
He could carry the gun with him, the police.
Anyone who sees Sven S. should call the 110.
The police speak of a "Beziehungstat".
The victim was born in 1988, the perpetrator in 1981.
The competent police in Lübeck initially did not want to make any statements about the M.O. or the relationship between the perpetrator and the victim; She confirmed, however, that a man had been killed.
"It's a homicide."
"More we don't say at present," said a police spokeswoman in Lübeck.
According to eyewitness witnesses, a special Einsatzcommand (SEC) was at the scene.
Steel-light view for German steel industry
The crisis-stricken and energy-intensive German steel industry remains unaffected by additional costs in millions of dollars.
Financial burdens that threatened the industry from the promotion of green electricity are off the table.
It remains in the liberation from the renewable energy distribution at the existing plants for the so-called own-electricity production in the German steel industry, said federal minister of Industry Sigmar Gabriel (SPD) of the "West German General newspaper" (Waz, Friday edition).
"I am really pleased that we have finally been able to achieve this after two years of tough negotiations."
The European Commission, therefore, had initially planned to ask the steel producers who use gas from the blast furnace to generate electricity for their own consumption.
According to the German Industry association, the steel industry was threatened with additional costs of 120 to 240 million euros per year.
Gabriel told the WAZ that there is now a fundamental agreement with the EU Commission after talks with competition Commissioner Margrethe Vestager.
Only when the generators are replaced in the steel mills will an EEG-deposit of 20 percent be used.
But this is also not being raised in the steel industry.
IG Metall welcomed Germany's unification with the European Commission for the generation of own electricity.
In this way, the status quo of the previous regulation is largely enshrined.
The successful efforts of Gabriel for the steel industry were of particular importance.
"With regard to our ' steel is Future ' campaign, this is a first step."
"More must follow."
"Climate and employment targets are also to be weighed in the reform of emissions trading," said IG Metall chief Jörg Hofmann in Frankfurt.
The steel industry in Europe has been suffering from overcapacity and a considerable price pressure since the 2008 financial crisis.
Last year, the situation intensified as the world's largest producer country, China, threw mass steel on the world market in the face of weakening domestic demand.
European manufacturers accuse Chinese steel companies of price dumping.
In the course of this spring the situation has eased somewhat.
On the one, import duties imposed on imported steel have an effect, and the economic outlook in China has brightened.
It is unclear how sustainable the price recovery is.
The German industry Primus ThyssenKrupp remained cautious on Thursday.
Lastly, prices were again rather stagnant.
The industry is responding to the difficult situation with further cost reductions.
Last but not least, ThyssenKrupp did not want to exclude the closure of individual works.
In the German steel industry, around 86000 people were employed at the end of 2015.
In July, the German steel manufacturers remain cautious despite rising prices and increasing orders.
With 3.4 million tonnes, they produced a good six percent less steel than in the same month of the previous year as the Steel Industry Association on Friday.
After a short increase in May, the quantity produced went back the second month in a row.
Since the beginning of the year, production has been two percent below the prior-year figure.
In the coming months, the Association anticipates an increase in output due to an improved order situation.
Community, mind, health: singing does seniors well
The singing has accompanied Ursel tipping her whole life: as a young girl she was in the school choir, in the teaching studies she took the music, and today the 78-year-old sings in a senior choir.
"Singing moves me--emotionally and physically," she describes.
After a rehearsal she feels balanced, cheerful and overall more lively, she says.
By the way she does something good for her health and her mind.
After all, singing is a great hobby for seniors from several perspectives, says Erhard Field of the German senior League.
Most seniors sing in the choir and share with like-minded people the joy of music, describes field.
Through regular co-existence, seniors can establish and maintain social contacts.
Social and family structures often dissolve in old age, and a choir is an ideal opportunity to spend time with other people.
This experience has also made Ursel tilt in her chorus: "To speak out and organize, to be able to rely on the others and to learn from each other-a chorus is a very special form of being together".
Singing can be strenuous in a positive sense, says field.
For this, seniors train a deep and controlled breathing.
Those who regularly demand their lungs will not be able to get out of breath in everyday life.
Even when it comes to getting the sound of the voice in old age, singing is an ideal hobby.
For older people, singing often has a very special effect, says Ursula Lenz of the Federal Association of the senior organizations.
In the older generations, joint singing had a much higher importance, it was part of everyday life, both in school and in leisure, she explains.
Lenz often observes that singing or listening to songs in older people arouses many memories, often associated with positive feelings of their youth.
Through lyrics and especially melodies, even dementia-stricken people are reminding themselves of long-standing events.
When singing, the head is also required to perform a special performance, explains Lenz.
At the same time focus on one's own voice and on a given rhythm and adapt to the other singers-this is a great cognitive challenge.
Especially older people who live alone are practicing not only to concentrate on themselves.
Another positive aspect is the recognition you learn from singing in the choir, says field.
An enthusiastic audience is a great compliment.
Self-esteem is also growing as a result of singing in the choir.
To show oneself: if I practice for a long time, I will be better and grow beyond myself-this experience strengthens.
Good reasons to start singing are enough.
If you want to try out a new hobby, you should not hesitate-even if he thinks you have little talent, Lenz advises.
You do not sing alone-with 50 singing people, who hears when a sound goes wrong?
In search of the right offer, seniors have different options, says field.
If someone from the known Circle sings in a senior choir, you can simply join.
Many cities also offer views of the choirs in the surrounding area.
Anyone wishing to sing in a church choir can directly contact the church or the church's head.
Many senior choirs can also be found on the Internet.
Those who do not have access to the Internet can ask the family, friends or neighbors for help with internet research.
If you want to sing, be sure to join a choir, advise field.
Singing is good for the soul and has something liberating-that applies to all ages.
Cats respond more sensitively than hangovers on cries of young
Biologists in Hanover have investigated the effect of calling cat babies on adult animals.
To her surprise, the meowing also caused the males not to be cold-however, in contrast to the females they always behaved the same.
Female cats can recognize the level of arousal of cat babies at the meowing of the little ones.
They react by ten percent faster to the lute of kittens, who feel in great distress, as scientists have found out from the veterinary college and the medical School Hannover (MHH).
Tomcats also react to the calls of kittens-but always the same.
"Apparently the acoustic differences between the meowing of less and strongly excited young animals for the males are either not perceptible or not significant," said the biologist Wiebke Konerding of the MHH.
She is the first author of the study published on this Friday in the "BMC Evolutionary Biology" magazine.
In a previous investigation, the research team had already found out that the duration and pitch of the kitten cries differed with the urgency of their need for help.
A total of nine adult hangovers and eight females from the animal husbandry of the mhh were observed.
They were played on a call of little ones, who were taken out of the litterbox for three minutes and separated from mother and siblings.
On the other, they were confronted with cries of more excited kittens who were additionally lifted.
The researchers consider their results to be meaningful despite the small sample.
"All the females, even those who have not had their own offspring, reacted in a differentiated manner to the cries," said Konerding.
They turned faster to the loudspeaker when this call of the more excited kittens played.
This ability may be inbred or develop with sexual maturity.
"One surprise was that the males reacted at all," said the biologist.
In the past, scientists have been investigating the reactions of women and men to baby sounds several times in humans.
Some studies also showed that women reacted more sensitively to infants, whether they were mothers or not, reported the biologist Marina Sage.
Podolski takes "gala" to Supercup
Hakan Sükür is a football legend in Turkey.
In Turkey, a warrant has been issued against the former football star Hakan Sükür.
He is accused of being a member of a terrorist group.
For the first time after the coup attempt, an important football match will take place in Turkey.
Before the duel of the arch between Besiktas Istanbul and Lukas Podolskis Galatasaray Istanbul around the Supercup in Konya, the official line is clear: "Business as usual" is announced.
Even when the state of emergency was imposed after the overthrow in July, the Government affirmed that the everyday life of ordinary citizens should not be affected.
But this does not apply to those who are suspected of belonging to the movement of the preacher Fethullah Gülen, which is blamed for the coup attempt.
It does not stop there before football.
Against the former star kicker Hakan Sükür, the prosecutor made a warrant.
Thus, the Sükür now living in America is accused of being a member of a terrorist group.
Sükür is to be followers of the preacher Fethullah Gülen, who is blamed by President Recep Tayyip Erdogan for the coup attempt.
Although the state of emergency, which was initially imposed for 90 days, still applies until October, in fact it has almost no effect on the lives of most Turks.
The nightly "Democracy guards" in public places across the country have declared Erdogan to be finished on Wednesday.
The sport is-like the whole country-divided into followers and opponents of Erdogan.
Especially fans of the workers club Besiktas do not traditionally count among the friends of the President.
What unites the majority of Turks, however, in the face of dramatic experiences in history, is the strict rejection of military coups.
Even the fans agree-no matter if your heart beats for Galatasaray or Besiktas.
At the Cup Winner "Gala" it will be especially on Lukas Podolski arrive again.
The Cologne proved its sporting value in the past season: with 17 goals and nine originals in all competitions, the 31-year-old finished his first season as top of his club.
In the final against Fenerbahce he scored the 1:0 victory.
The newspaper "Fanatik" cheered him: "He was the best on the pitch."
He completed the season in an excellent way and secured the trophy for his team.
Thanks to "Poldi", the disappointing season for the record Master was a conciliatory conclusion.
After the preliminary round-K. O In the Champions League, the "Lions" also distinguished in the European League early.
In the Süper League, it was only enough to rank six.
The season was not good.
The trophy was the only way to win something.
"We have done that and that is the most important thing," said Podolski.
For master Besiktas the year was better.
Especially thanks to Mario Gomez, who, with 26 season hits as Süper-Lig top scorer, laid the basis for the 14th title.
That is also the reason that the fans continue to hope for the return of the 31-year-old.
In the process, the one contracted by the AC Florence and rented to Besiktas only Gomez after the coup attempt announced that he would not return due to the political situation in the country after his em-holiday.
"If Mario wants to come to us, he only has to say it", the magazine "kicker" quoted Clubchef Fikret Orman.
However, the striker would have to be willing to forgo about one third of his annual salary estimated at 7.5 million euros, Orman clarified: "We cannot pay his salary at Florence".
Despite doping: These athletes still have medal opportunities at Olympia in Rio
The 34-year-old Justin Gatlin was already banned twice for doping (2001 and 2006).
Rio de JANEIRO-Whistleblowerin Julia Stepanova is not allowed to start in Rio.
Others led athletics sinners can only laugh about it – they fight in Rio for medals.
The issue of doping still determines the headlines at the Olympic Games in Rio.
The Russian swimmer Julija Jefimowa, who after a doping ban had sued her start right shortly before the games, was mercilessly whistled at her start (100 feet) and booed.
It was a whimsical scene: With a smile she was still strutting in the hall and provoked her appearance.
As a state that they will not pick up gold, the audience burst into a cheering storm.
But there are still many other sportsmen who are starting to take part in the Olympic Games in Rio despite the doping past.
Here is an overview:
Justin Gatlin (100, 200, 4x100-M-season/USA): The 34-year-old is one of the most controversial figures in athletics.
He has already been banned for doping two times (2001 and 2006 to 2010).
Since its spell, the 2004 Olympic champion and former world champion have been running even faster than before, he is the world's number one in 9.80 seconds and is considered the Usain Bolt's biggest challenger.
Shelly-Ann Fraser-Pryce (100, 4x100-M-season/Jamaica): The two-time Olympic winner and seven world champion had to take a six-month lock in 2010 after she was shown to be taking the pain by oxycodone.
She had severe toothache after surgery, defended the 29-year-old.
Sandra Perkovic (Discus/Croatia): In 2011 the Olympic champion of 2012, world champions of 2013 and European champion from 2010 to 2016 was tested positively for the banned stimulant-agent Methylhexanamin.
Perkovic denied the knowingly ingestion and was banned for six months.
The four biggest litters this year go to the account of the great gold favorite.
LaShawn Merritt (200, 400, 4x400-M-Squadron/USA): The Beijing Olympic champion and two-time world champion over 400 m, was tested positively in 2010 and 21 months were banned.
A means of penis enlargement had been responsible, bepriced Merritt.
This year, the 30-year-old over 200 and 400 m is the fastest man in the world.
Ivan Tikhon (Hammer throw, Belarus): Hardly any athlete has been awarded so many medals afterwards.
Thus, Tikhon lost his world title of 2005 nine years later after he was found to have testosterone doping.
The 40-year-old also had to give Olympic silver in 2004 for steroid doping and the 2006 European Championship title due to testosterone abuse.
He was also awarded the bronze medal of the 2008 Olympic Games due to a judgement of the International Sports Court CAs.
At 80.04 M, he is ranked second in the world rankings.
Liu Hong (20 km go, China): The world holder and gold Favorit was only tested positively in May, but can still start in Rio.
The 29-year-old world champion found evidence of the intake of a banned food supplement, the ban on the World Anti-Doping Agency WADA was mild and expired on July 13th.
Bomb terror in Thailand-Austrian injured-several deaths
The Austrian Embassy in Thailand is in contact with the woman, said the spokesman of the Foreign Ministry, Thomas Schnöll, Friday morning.
She had suffered cuts and had been treated in the hospital, but had already been able to leave.
Her journey home was planned for the beginning of September.
Whether the further explosions on the holiday island of Phuket as well as in the southern cities of Surat Thani, Phang Nga, Trang and Chumphon are also affected by Austrian citizens, is still unclear for the time being.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs is in constant contact with the local authorities, says Schnöll.
The Hua Hin, located approximately 200 km south of Bangkok's capital, was first exploded on Thursday evening in an nightlife quarter.
According to the police, a Thai was killed and about 20 people were injured, including the Austrian, three Germans, three Dutch and three Italians.
On Friday morning, two explosives were raised again, and another person was killed according to the authorities.
Phuket also reported a bomb explosion in the morning.
At the detonation near the beach Patong, popular with holidaymakers, a taxi driver was injured according to police information.
In Surat Thani, on the southeast coast of the country, another bomb exploded, killing an urban employee.
According to the authorities, the explosives were blown up in a flower bed in front of the coastal police station.
Finally, detonations in Phang Nga and Trang on the southwest coast and Chumphon on the southeast coast demanded several injured.
You go from a connection with the explosions in Hua Hin, it was said.
"The bomb attacks bear the same handwriting," said Army general Danai Kritmethavee Friday morning to journalists.
"We assume that this is a coordinated attack."
It is too early to comment on possible motives, but it is probably the deeds of Muslim rebels.
Thai media also wanted to see a pattern in the attacks that is typical of the bomb attacks of Muslim separatists in the south of the country.
The Thai police, on the other hand, stated that the attacks were not linked to the Islamist insurgency or international terrorism.
"This is only local sabotage, which is limited to limited areas and provinces," said a spokesman in Bangkok.
Rather, it is assumed that the bombs were placed by opponents of the ruling military junta.
In recent days, the authorities would have received intelligence on impending attacks in the south of the country-but they were not informed about the exact time and places.
It is still unclear which group is behind the attacks.
The police instructed their officials throughout the country to reinforce security around important government buildings as well as airports, railway stations, tourist attractions, restaurants and entertainment districts.
In Thailand there are always smaller bombings, but they are usually not directed against tourists.
In Hua Hin is a palace used for years by Thailand's King Bhumibol Adulyadej.
After the present bomb explosions, the Austrian Ministry of Foreign Affairs recommends on its homepage that the instructions of the Thai security authorities must be guaranteed.
High security risk (Security Level 3) applies to the provinces of Narathiwat, Yala, Pattani and Songhkla as well as Preah Vihear and environs.
After clashes between the security forces and Muslim populations, it is not advisable to travel to these provinces.
Increased security risk (Security Level 2) applies to the rest of the country.
The attacks on Thursday and Friday took place a few days after a controversial referendum on a constitution prepared by the military junta.
This also gives the military great influence in the years to come.
Junta chief and Prime Minister Prayut Chan-o-Cha said the bombs were an attempt to wreak havoc, while the country was moving towards stability, an improvement in the economic situation and tourism.
The Militärunta, which had seized power in 2014 after a period of bloody unrest, is self-sufficient to have brought the kingdom back to stability and order.
However, the military has not managed to get hold of the rebellion of Muslim rebels, which has been simmering in the extreme south of the country for many years.
More than 6500 people have already been killed in the conflict.
Just under a year ago in Bangkok, 20 people were killed in an attack on a popular Hindu shrine-most of them foreign tourists.
It was the bloodiest attack of the country's recent history.
The right "identitary movement" is in the sights of the Federal Office for the Protection of the Constitution.
According to several provincial offices, the constitutional activists in the Confederation have also put the group under observation.
"We see the ' Identitarian movement ' as evidence of aspirations against the Liberal Democratic fundamental order," said the head of the German press agency, Hans-Georg Maaßen, of the Deutsche Presse-office in Berlin.
Thus, immigrants of Islamic faith or the Middle East are defamed in extremist ways.
That is why we are observing the movement now.
The "Identitary movement" is a group with French roots which has been active in Germany since 2012.
It is opposed to "multicultural delusion", "uncontrolled mass immigration" and the "loss of one's own identity through alienation".
Constitutionalists in nine federal states-Bremen, Bavaria, Hesse, Berlin, Baden-Württemberg, NRW, Lower Saxony, Saxony and Thuringia-are already observing the "Identitarian".
Maaßen said his authority was in close coordination with the provincial offices in the decision.
"Groups like the ' identitary movement ' are trying to pick up their target group where it stands," said the chief of the Constitution.
In general, extremists try to address them with youth-just language, often with pop music.
This is what Islamists and right-wing extremists do.
This is not cooperative advertising for one's own cause.
The propaganda is supposed to appeal to people emotionally.
Young people are particularly susceptible to this.
That's dangerous.
Lastly, there had been reports from several federal states on contacts of the "Identitarian" to AfD politicians.
Maaßen said he had no knowledge of this.
For the protection of the Constitution, possible contacts of this kind are only relevant at some point.
It depends on whether the respective party-in this case the AfD-by certain persons who are extremist, changes their target direction and becomes so extremist.
The decisive factor is whether such persons have a controlling influence on the party.
This is not recognizable.
In view of the significant increase in right-wing crimes and attacks on asylum seekers and refugee shelters, Maaßen said he would not yet speak of new Right-wing terrorism in this context.
But we have noticed in recent years that there can be terrorist structures on the right.
There was the group ' Old School Society ' or the ' distal group '.
It may well be the case that further legal terrorist groups or microgroups are formed, which plan attacks against asylum seekers, against refugee homes or attacks from other right-wing extremist motives.
However, a nationwide or Europe-wide control of legal terrorism is not recognizable.
The previous groups were created at the regional level or in social networks.
Maaßen expressed concern about the fact that many attacks were made on the account of people who had not previously appeared in the right scene.
That is the worrying.
Many of the suspects in attacks on asylum seekers have not previously been known as criminals, politically motivated offenders or supporters of the right-wing scene.
"So many people have committed crimes that previously had nothing to do with right-wing extremists who might have been politically indifferent or, for example, elected CDU, SPD or leftist, who have radicalizeded by right-wing extremist sentiment."
Rio 2016: Robel Kiros have become internethit
The Olympians or world records do not always determine the headlines at the Olympic Games.
This shows the courageous appearance of Robel Kiros at the Summer Games in Rio de Janeiro.
In the aquatic center, the slightly overweight swimmer from Ethiopia swam so slowly that he was temporarily no longer seen in the TV pictures.
He just disappeared-no matter how far the neckline was selected.
In the social networks, they then became viral Internethit.
In fact, the 24-year-old ended its lead with a backlog of 48 seconds and occupied the 59. Place of 59 starters.
But it was rather its not just a sporty figure, which attracted the attention of the international media.
Why does the 24-year-old still participate in the Olympic Games?
The Ethiopian was given a start to the International Swimming Federation.
This is being distributed to make swimming in the underrepresented countries more famous.
Since in Ethiopia most athletes run, they just wanted to do something different.
Preparation is everything: Robel Kiros got ready for the big race.
The first nicknames quickly made the rounds.
Some media referred to him as "Robel of the Whale".
Following a "Prosperity belly", the English tabloid "The Sun" made fun of him with "dad bod".
His time, he only struck with a minute and almost five seconds over the 100 meter freestyle, played no role.
Comparisons with "Eric the Eel" were also drawn.
At the 2000 Olympic Games in Sydney, Eric Moussambani's run provided media attention.
The appearance of the swimmer from Equatorial Guinea was unforgettable when he had to compete on his own in a prerun of 100 metres of freestyle.
frenetically, Moussambani was cheered at that time.
The then 22-year-old learned to swim only eight months before the Olympics and had never completed such a long distance before the competition.
A seat in the front row to the stunning architecture of the Central Library of Los Angeles
Learn more about the history of the Central Library in the city center, as the Society of Architectural Historians/Southern California chapter holds a salon with Arnold Schwartzman and Stephen Gee, the authors of the new book Los Angeles Central Library: A History of its art and architecture.
It is planned that Gee and Schwartmann will discuss and share pictures of the 1926 Bertram Goodhue design as well as the 1993 restoration and addition of Hardy Holzman Pfeiffer Associates.
The salon is scheduled for 21 August from 14.00 to 16.00 at the Salle Moderne in the Art deco Southwestern School of Law, (formerly Bullocks Wilshire), 3050 Wilshire Blvd.
Visitors can visit the Middle hall, the style rooms, the Cactus Lounge and the tea.
Pre-sale tickets only; Saw/SCC members, $15; Non-members, $25.
An open industrial loft in DTLA gets a cozy makeover
We're celebrating the 90th birthday of the L.A. Central Library-what else? -A new book
Geretsried-the owner of a store in the new place has been robbed.
According to the police, the 67-year-old Geretsriederin had left her shop on Monday at 5.30 p.m. and forgot to close a window on the ground floor.
When she returned the next morning at 8.15 a.m., about 250 euros had disappeared from the cashier.
Traces of the offender could not be found.
Video surveillance also does not exist.
Trump sees the looming electoral defeat not so tight
The Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump speaks at a campaign event in Florida.
If there is nothing wrong with the US president's election, Donald Trump already has an alternative idea.
He's going on holiday.
If Donald Trump loses the US presidential election in November, it would be relatively irrelevant: "Ultimately it will either work or I have a very, very nice, long holiday," said the Republican candidate in a telephone interview with the US television station CNBC.
If for him in the end it is not enough for reasons of political correctness, that is all right, Trump said.
He called US President Barack Obama and the Democratic candidate, Hillary Clinton, as the founder of the Islamic State's terrorist militia (IS).
Within his party, more and more resistance was formed.
Swiss Post enters the trade with electric transporters
An electric delivery vehicle of Deutsche Post in action.
The interest of other companies in the vehicle is obviously great.
The post plans to sell your electric vehicle StreetScooter also.
The group intends to start trading with the transporter shortly.
Swiss Post wants to offer its electric transporters on the free market as of next year.
"We want to go on sale to third parties," said a post-speaker on Friday.
The company has been examining for months whether to sell its self-developed StreetScooter, with which letters and parcels are delivered, to other companies as well.
Post-board member Jürgen Gerdes had said that there are always questions, such as craftsmen.
According to information from the news magazine "The Spiegel", the Bonn group intends to enter into mass production of the vehicles shortly.
In post-production, the company plans to build up to 10,000 cars per year and shift.
Gerdes had announced that the group wanted to significantly enlarge its fleet of electric cars and aim a complete changeover to the environmentally friendly vehicles in the long term.
"We are going to make a very, very robust step towards 2020," he said at the end of July.
I can imagine that we are readjusting the entire fleet.
The StreetScooter has been active on Germany's roads since 2014.
GfK leadership takes off after disappointing business figures
The consumer research company GfK exchanges its chief Matthias Hartmann.
The resignations came suddenly-but not surprisingly.
The difficult situation of the market research company GfK suggests that the chair of CEO Matthias Hartmann becomes all the more unsure, the longer the successes he promises.
Turbulence at the forefront of the Nuremberg market research company GfK: After disappointing business figures and the resignation of corporate management, the world's number five in the industry is facing a new beginning.
GfK Executive Board chairman wants to leave the company at the end of the year.
The chairman of the GfK Supervisory board, Arno Mahlert, has already resigned from the supervisory board with effect from 12 September.
As early as September 1, the Management board member Gerhard Hausruckinger, the company, has already taken over the leadership.
He should officially assume the function of a "board spokesman" until a successor to Hartmann is found.
As a reason for the resignations, the company called "different views" on the long-term business policy orientation.
Details did not want to call a company spokesman on Friday.
Those who will lead the market research company in the future are still unclear at the moment.
In the case of investors, it was said on Friday that the shareholders had recently been disappointed with the continuing success of the restructuring initiated years ago.
Mr. Hartmann has been at the top of GfK since 2011.
"The fruits of the restructuring are still not visible after 5 years," it said.
Given the recent poor GfK business figures, each shareholder will eventually become restless.
"If that were the case with BMW, that would also make the Quandts so," it said.
After setbacks in the previous quarters, the company had not been able to stop its loss-taking in the second quarter of 2016.
At 361.2 million euros, sales were 6.1 percent below the level of the same quarter of the previous year.
In relation to the first half of the year, sales shrank by 3.4 percent, with 721.2 million euros.
Profit in the second quarter was mainly due to the lower value of the company in view of its difficult economic situation.
The goodwill amortization of 139 million euros, which was necessary in the Consumer experience business unit, gave the group a loss of 148.2 million euros.
In the second quarter of 2015, GfK still generated a net profit of 19.7 million.
Accidents-bus slips into Krummhörn in ditch: eight injured
In an accident of a coach with 43 seniors as passengers, eight people were injured on Thursday in Krummhörn (Landkreis Aurich).
Two of the occupants suffered serious injuries, the police shared.
The 66-year-old driver of the bus of a travel company from Eisenach had to evade her data according to a vice, which was partly on the opposite road.
The bus came to the right off the road and slipped into a ditch, as a spokeswoman for the police Aurich/Wittmund reported.
"Due to the location of the bus, the people could not leave the coach independently," she said.
The fire brigade liberated the occupants.
Six ambulances and an ambulance car came to the accident scene on the State Road 2.
The uninjured travellers were brought back from a bus to the crooked horns of Pewsum district.
There you should wait for a operating of the travel company.
The investigators called on the truck driver and possible witnesses to report to the police.
The fee per cubic metre of wastewater is from 1 October 2016 for the area of the wastewater plant Neudorf/reuth/Welschenkahl 3.44 instead of 2.10 euros; For Zultenberg/Lindenberg/Lopp 3.36 euro (previously 2.26 euro) and for Azendorf 3.64 euro (previously 2.18 euro).
At the plant in Azendorf, the wastewater charge will increase once again at the latest if appropriate improvement measures are necessary.
After an approximate calculation, the wastewater price in Azendorf will be at 4.37 euros per cubic metre.
As Mayor Bernd Steins (CSU) reported, when approving the budget by the District Council of Kulmbach, it was found that these sewage plants were under cover.
The market Kasendorf is obligated to operate the plants in a cost-comprehensive and legal basis.
From 1 October 2016 the citizens as well as the commercial and industrial enterprises from Welschenkahl, Neudorf, Reuth, Azendorf, Lopp, Lindenberg and Zultenberg will have to dig deeper into the purse.
The fee increases are between 48 and 67 percent.
As managing director Herbert Schmidt pointed out to the panel, a recalculation of the fees for the sewage systems of the market community was necessary.
In the period from October 2016 to September 2020, over-or under-coverings from the previous calculation period were also to be offset.
The serious increase in fees was justified by Schmidt's fact that all three sewage plants were relatively small facilities with a very small wastewater attack, which was between 6800 and 12000 cubic metres per year.
For example, due to the low distribution base, expenses for necessary repairs of several thousand euros would have a serious impact.
In addition, the volume of wastewater in all three plants is slightly declining.
In addition, the previous calculation period for all three plants was not least due to their old-age renovation and repair expenses to a considerable extent.
The plant in Azendorf was nearly 30 years old, the plants for Welschenkahl, Neudorf and Reuth as well as Zultenberg, Lindenberg and Lopp almost 20 years.
Schmidt pointed out that in the sewage system Azendorf the mechanical ventilation system had to be replaced due to damage.
In the pumping Welschenkahl the nearly 20 years old conveyor systems had to be overhauled from the ground up and at the pond sewage treatment plant Lopp had to be excavated after nearly 20 years of operation of the first Klärteich, the sewage sludge is disposed of and an additional ventilation facility can be installed in order to be able to comply with the water regulations.
Schmidt: "These extraordinary expenses were attributable to the amortisation and maintenance costs, which have to be taken into account in the new calculation period."
The same applies to electricity costs, which were still significantly below the current level during the previous calculation in the years 2011/2012.
Stone houses made it clear that in the small wastewater seizure in the three plants the expenses for the operation and maintenance are "fully penetrated".
In the process, Schmidt added that the market community had been spared from large-scale entertainment costs in wastewater treatment facilities over the past 20 years.
According to stone houses, the situation for the aforementioned plants will remain precarious in the long term, especially since it is not possible to extend the supply area of the sewage Zweckverbandes Frisian Brook around these plants because they are deficit facilities.
Bulgaria registers for the first time in 8 months of inflation
National statistics show that inflation in Bulgaria in July was 1% on a monthly basis.
This is the highest value (since June 2012) and the first over zero since October last year, when positive 0.2% were booked.
The annual average inflation of the last 12 months (August 2015-July 2016) compared to the previous 12 months (August 2014-July 2015) was measured according to the CPI-0.8%.
The consumer price index in July 2016 compared to June 2016 was 101.0%, i.e. monthly inflation was 1.0%.
The inflation rate since the beginning of the year (July 2016 compared to December 2015) was 0.2% and annual inflation in July 2016 compared to July 2015 was-0.2%.
In July 2016, a rise in the price of the following groups of consumer goods was observed compared to the previous month: Food and non-alcoholic beverages (1.7%); Transport (1.8%); Leisure and culture (6.3%); Restaurants and hotels (1.2%); Various goods and services (0.3%).
Prices fell on clothing and footwear (2.2%); Furniture, household appliances and routine maintenance (0.5%); Health (0.1%).
Prices remained as in the previous month for alcoholic beverages and tobacco; Housing, water, electricity, gas and other fuels; Communication; As well as education.
Snapchat "anime" effect criticized as Asian cartoon
Snapchat says that this filter is anime-inspired, but some observers say that it is insensitive to breeds.
With its filtering tool, Snapchat allows about 150 million daily users to change reality and play with identities in such a way that borders on the absurd.
You can turn into a pineapple, a dog or a figure that might be from a Roy Lichtenstein painting.
The filters are blunt, feature twisting tools that generate more than 30 million improved selfies per day.
All missteps reach the public.
Snapchat filters have in the past been criticized in which they were accused that the app would promote blackface or white skin as a beauty ideal.
When this week some users suggested a filter that gave them slit eyes, false teeth and bloated cheeks, some critics called it a racist caricature of Asians-"yellow face".
They wondered whether these repeated controversies pointed to a bigger problem that the company has diversity.
The news and outrage were widespread on Wednesday, with reports from the Verge and motherboard, one day after Snapchat informed that it would have disabled the feature.
The company offered an apology: the filter was intended as a tribute to anime characters and not as a caricature of Asians.
But outsiders who have experienced racism reminded the filter of infringing clichés.
Others rejected the anime comparison decidedly.
In an email, Grace Sparapani wrote, a Korean-American art student whose tweet was widely spread over the photos that the filter was "offensive and mildly uncomfortable."
She added that "it was difficult to argue with the contrast of a very disgusting Asian caricature and the filter effects.
It shows that the filter is not gelbgesichtig, but that the yellow face was dragged into the devaluation extremity.
Snapchat is not the only company that crosses this cultural stumbling wires.
American culture seems to be involved in an endless diversity and integration struggle, from conference rooms to Hollywood and the devices we all hold in our hands.
And Snapchats large audiences of young people-who are more diverse than their older counterparts in terms of race-could be more likely to expect sensitivity.
When one of Snapchats filters creates an image that is offensive to a user, "it is much more difficult that such things remain unnoticed when it was previously the case," said the 25-year-old Katie Zhu in an interview on Thursday.
On Thursday, Zhu, who works as a product manager and engineer for Medium, decided to delete her Snapchat account and asked others to do the same.
In an essay for medium and in a telephone interview she said that they believe that racial controversy reflects a lack of diversity in recruitment practices at Snapchat.
Zhu criticized the large part of white, only male leadership, and finished her essay with a hashtag: # DeleteSnapchat.
"Either they have no diverse representation of people with other skin colors in their workforce, so they can make such decisions," said the Chinese-American Zhu, "or they have people with other skin colors who work there but are not in positions where they feel safe or comfortable to say something about it."
Others share their opinion, a complaint that Snapchat largely left unanswered.
The company does not publish figures on the diversity of its workforce and indicates its status as a private company.
On Thursday, Snapchat refused to discuss the cultural background of his employees, but according to a spokesman, the company recently hired a personnel manager who focuses on underrepresented population groups and on internal integration efforts.
Zhu said that she will leave her Snapchat account closed and added, "I wonder if you need more users like us to be able to say that this is not OK."
Military leadership distorts ISIS Secret Service information, Committee of Congress notes
Military personnel of the United States Central Command changed intelligence to draw a more optimistic picture of the war against the so-called Islamic State in Iraq and Syria than the actual conditions on the ground would have allowed, a congressional committee of Inquiry reported in a report on Thursday.
The preliminary report, created by a task force of the Republican members of the Streitkräftekommitees, Geheimdienstkommitees and the Wehrbudgetkommites, reports of great dissatisfaction among Central Command intelligence analysts who reported how superiors changed their assessments to American efforts in the fight against the Islamic State.
The Central Command, abbreviated Cencom, is the military headquarters in Tampa, Florida, which controls the American military operations in the Middle East and Central Asia.
"Intelligence information, which were typically nod by high-ranking CENTCOM commanders, regularly drew a more positive picture of American efforts against terrorism than the actual conditions on the ground had allowed and were consistently more positive than analyses of other intelligence services," a newspaper article quoted the report.
"What happened in the CENTCOM is unacceptable-our soldiers suffer when bad analyses are presented to our political leaders," said Ken Calvert, Republican member of the House of Representatives.
The leadership errors in the Centcom range to the top of the organization.
The ten-page report shows in detail persistent problems in the years 2014 and 2015 in the descriptions and analyses of American efforts in the training of Iraqi armed forces.
Although there is no direct evidence that government leaders under Obama have given instructions to change the reports, it shows how analysts have faced pressure from their superiors to draw a more optimistic picture of the threat of the Islamic State, also known as ISIS or ISIL.
"During the first six months of 2015, many Central Command press releases, opinions and statements before the Congress were much more positive than the facts", the report noted.
For example, a CENTCOM member publicly announced that a military reconquest of Mossuls could begin already in April or May 2015.
Mosul, the second largest city in Iraq, remains under the control of the Islamic State.
"After months of investigation, is so clear." said Mike Pompeo, Republican congressman from Kansas, in an opinion.
From mid-2014 to mid-2015, Central Command leaders changed intelligence reports to downplay the threat of ISIS in Iraq.
The Republicans launched the task force after they were told that analysts were concerned about manipulating reports on the Islamic State.
The report published on Thursday will be completed by more detailed findings while the investigations will continue.
In addition, further investigations of the CENTCOM reports by the inspector General of the Ministry of Defence are underway.
Democratic members of the Nachrichtendienstekomittees published their own findings on Thursday, which coincided with some of the conclusions of the Republican Task Force.
"In the years 2014 and 2015, the Centcom created an overly limited process for the creation of intelligence assessments on ISIL and the Iraqi security services," the ranking Democrat in the committee, member of the House of Representatives Adam B. Schiff, announced in an opinion.
This process, Mr. Schiff, "delayed the publication of intelligence reports," damaged morale among analysts and "gave excessively little room for divergent opinions."
But Mr. Schiff and the Democrats stated that they had not found any evidence of a White House's intervention in the CENTCOM analysts regarding a "certain political opinion".
The preliminary results of the congressional investigations were published on Tuesday by "The Daily Beast".
Last August, the New York Times reported investigations by the General Inspector of the Pentagon, which were recorded after complaints from CENTCOM analysts.
Lt. Cmdr. Patrick Evans, a press officer at the Pentagon, stated in an opinion that the Ministry of Defence would not comment on congressional reports, while the investigations of the General inspector were still underway.
But he also stated that "experts sometimes have divergent opinions about the interpretation of complex data, and that the intelligence services and the Ministry of Defence welcome a controversial discussion of these important issues of national defence."
The investigations have repercussions beyond the question of a successful air campaign under American leadership in Iraq and Syria (an assertion that is now being made by a growing number of members of the Defense Ministry).
However, the accusations of last year have raised the question of how President Obama can rely on the central command for honest assessments of military operations in Iraq, Afghanistan, Libya and other crisis regions.
The criticism regarding the secret information about the Islamic State reminds of disputes of more than ten years ago, as a CENTCOM analyst, Gregory Hooker, a document written about how the then government under George W. Bush, contrary to the recommendations of many analysts, had only a small occupying force in Iraq and had little time to worry about the consequences of the 2003 invasion.
Mr. Hooker also played a key role in the uprising against the current coverage of the Islamic State.
Last year, the team of Mr. Hooker stated, according to government agencies, contrary to the Government's statements against the refiners held by the Islamic State, there would be no significant impact on the financial situation of the terrorist group, as these provisional refineries would have been put into operation to sell oil on the black market.
However, this knowledge was not published, The Times reported in September.
Centcoms then commander, Gen. Lloyd J. Austin III, was criticized by members of the legislature for his overly positive assessment of the war situation at a hearing before the Senate.
General Austin was retired in April and was passed by the Central Command. Replaced Joseph L. Votel.
The USA wins fourth match in the field of women's hockey, a showdown with Britain is imminent
One day after shooting three goals during a 6-1 victory over Japan, Katie Bam also made the first two goals for the American field hockey team of women in a match on Thursday against India that the Americans won with 3-0.
Five goals in two games were supposed to be a memorable achievement, but BAM (27) said she couldn't remember ever doing that.
"I have no idea." she said.
I don't belong to the people who keep their goals in mind.
She knows, however: the Americans are at 4-0 in the Olympic competition and are in their group with the British women in the first place, who remain unbeaten after their 2-0 victory against Japan.
Great Britain and the United States will meet on Saturday in the last game of the first round.
Both teams have already qualified for the quarterfinals, the game will decide which of the two within their group of six teams will win the first and second place respectively.
The first-placed will take a little longer to the strong Dutch in the direction of the other group.
However the game may go out on Saturday, the Americans have caused a startling whirl through their success story, four years after they landed at the last of the 12 seats in the last London Games.
BAM was part of this team.
She grew up in Blue Bell, Pennsylvania, and had the first time with three years of playing a hockey bat in her hands (her two older sisters played the sport at Drexel University), at age 16 she became national player of the USA, the youngest in the history of the team.
She missed the Olympics in 2008 because she could not qualify for the squad.
Then came the year 2012, in which everything went wrong for you and your team.
The following year, Craig Parnham, an Englishman, coach of the national team, began to turn things up for the better.
"A change of culture, a mental change and a physical change," said Bam.
We did not have the workload in London, which we now have.
We have been able to pull the rudder completely around.
On Thursday evening, BAM opened the Torreigen in the first half of the game with a backhand from the close range.
India had gone into the game without victory in the tournament, but the team was surprisingly tough and kept the score from 1-0 to the third quarter until BAM took the game into their hands.
She performed a sprint with the flat ball over the left flank, then moved into the middle and lupfte the ball into the gate to give the American in a 2-0 leadership.
Melissa Gonzalez made the final goal in the middle of the last quarter.
The shutout was the first of the whole tournament for the goalkeeper of the United States, Jackie Briggs, who had previously booked a goal in each of the previous games.
She's got a run.
Just like Bam.
"We are in a good position" said Parnham, but how good will depend on the outcome of the next game on Saturday.
In the midst of the rage of the Olympic Games, the Zen of the trampoline
Wherever you are, whatever the time, it's the Olympic Games.
The events in Rio de Janeiro feel constantly and inevitably, a frenzied relay race between competition and aspirations.
It is as if the Olympic torch itself is a burning rod, which is handed from the crossbow to the swimmer to the gymnast to the triathlete.
You can't turn on the TV, read a newspaper, or listen to your neighbor's conversation in the coffee queue, without hearing about Simone Biles, Katie Ledecky, or the quarrel between Michael Phelps and Chad le Clos.
And then there's Logan Dooley.
Dooley, who for the first time in the Olympic Games and a swarm of women with dimples, could well have been among these well known names sent to prime time, built by sponsors and well-being TV advertising, if he were a swimmer, gymnast or even fencer.
But Dooley, 28, from Lake Forest, California, fights for gold in the Olympic trampoline gymnastics.
The Olympic flame does not illuminate every event.
Further from the center, partly in the shade are the sports that are not generally accepted: Aerial pistol shooting, archery, badminton, taekwondo.
We will always have the breast swimming and may it reign for a long time.
But if I could humbly make arguments for my particular darling, let me draw attention to the discreet charm of the trampoline.
Although the trampoline jumping has been an Olympic event since 2000, when it debuted in Sydney, it has been so sparsely perceived for the last 16 years that many who, I had questioned, did not know that it is an Olympic sport at all.
This could also be regional ignorance.
Although the USA sent athletes to the competition, it has never won a medal in trampoline jumping and had an athlete who made it to the finals by 2012.
The Chinese and the Russians tend to share the prices for the men and the Chinese and the Canadians for the women.
Dong Dong from China and Rosie MacLennan from Canada will defend their gold medal from London this year.
The trampoline jumping has a certain outsider charm, partly because it sounds more fitting for the unenlightened ear for a clown school than the one for the Olympic Games.
At this point I should admit that I am not an expert, but only a earthbound enthusiast.
It has humorous potential-the kartoonhafte tremor of its never-ending lingers impact-but also the grace of gymnastics and diving, the two sports that it essentially unites.
The word "trampoline" comes from the Spanish El Trampoline, which means as much as "springboard."
Aspiring winners jump on a gigantic trampoline, shoot almost up to 30 feet in the air and need a series of falling movements (turning, pikes and somersaults) before they land on their feet.
According to the official Olympia programme, they are rated according to their execution, difficulty and "flight time".
Thirty athletes from 17 countries, 16 men and 16 women, will compete in Rio.
The most common Olympic vector is straight ahead.
Medal hopefuls must go further in their pursuit of gold, faster, upward and over, sometimes to the finish, sometimes back and forth, up and down on the playground.
They not only hunt the finish line or the exit wall, but also a further scornful goal in television broadcasting: those of the world or the Olympic record.
The purposeful pursuit is noble, admirable, even fanatical-and it is enough to even stir a spectator to tears.
But it is also what I perceive as a bit tiring even when watching these games.
The trampoline offers a respite.
The vector of the trampoline jumper is above.
Moving forward is not the goal.
He or she bounces off, seemingly weightless as an astronaut, goes up, then down, then effortlessly back up.
Here too there is a competition, of course not without difficulty, but during the exercise there is no hectic attack on the target, no bulging in the distance, only the dreamy, elegant lifting of time and gravity.
It is as Zen as the competition in the Olympic Games can only be.
The qualification and final round of women will be held on Friday afternoon, streaming at 13.00 Eastern time; The men on Saturday, also at 13.00.
NBC will broadcast the finals as part of a Nachmittagblocks on both days from 14.00.
In the midst of the Olympia mania you promise a quiet, nice moment, one that is likely to be overlooked in the general turmoil.
If the increase in consciousness can only be achieved by the Angaffen and the objectification of male athletes-as the male US gymnasts have recently suggested according to the Wall Street Journal-then Mr. Dooley expects his air-ringing, new fan base.
"One generation protests" in Ethiopia, long an ally of the USA
Violent protests in Ethiopia
Demonstrators calling for political change in Ethiopia came up against the government's violent resistance.
Witnesses say that tens of protesters were killed during the clashes with the police in the event of gunshots.
Is Ethiopia just collapsing?
In the last ten years, it has been one of the most stable countries in Africa, a solid ally of the west with a fast-growing economy.
But in recent months, protests against the government shook the country and expanded into more and more areas.
Last week, thousands of people stormed the streets and demanded fundamental political changes.
According to human rights organizations, the Government's response was ruthless.
Witnesses stated that policemen shot and killed tens of unarmed demonstrators.
Circulating videos about the protests, which are probably from the last or the beginning of this year, show how security people beat young people with sticks, while they were forced to make a hand-held against a wall.
The head of the UN Human Rights authority now demands an in-depth investigation.
"It has always been difficult to keep this country together and in the future it will become even more difficult," said Rashid Abdi, the project leader of the Horn of Africa of the International Crisis Group, a research group.
Ethiopia is the most populous country in Africa after Nigeria and its stability is appreciated by the West.
American military and intelligence services work closely with the Ethiopians to combat terrorist threats beyond the region, particularly in Somalia. Only a few countries in Africa, if at all, receive so much Western aid.
Ethiopia's economy expanded at a remarkable pace.
Its infrastructure has improved drastically-there is a new commuter in the capital city of Addis Ababa.
The streets are usually quiet, safe and clean.
Even though Ethiopia was anything but a model for democracy-human rights organizations have continually led the oppression of the government-the opposition in the country has been curtailed, with dissidents effectively silenced.
Many were sent to exile or to prison, killed or driven into the vast expanse of the desert.
But that could change.
"If you suppress people and have no other options other than protest, it breaks out," said Seyoum Teshome, a lecturer in central Ethiopia.
The entire youth protested.
One generation protests.
There are numerous complaints covering everything from land use to stranglehold on power of the ruling coalition.
After a widely criticized election last year, the ruling party and its allies received the last seat of the opposition and now control 100 percent of Parliament.
At the same time, tensions are rising along the border with Eritrea; A struggle for this jagged, controversial line demanded hundreds of lives in June.
Analysts fear that separatists such as the Oromo Liberation Front or the National Liberation Front of the Ogaden, who have been more or less vanquished in recent years, can exploit the turbulence and re-arm themselves.
Several factors explain why feelings of bitterness after years of pre-Hinköchelnsing under the surface now explode.
The first seems harmless: smartphones.
Only in recent years have many Ethiopians been able to communicate through the social media, since cheaper smartphones have become more frequent and the Internet services have improved.
Even if the government is blocking access to Facebook and Twitter, which it does at regular intervals, especially in protests, many people can still communicate via internet proxies that hide where they are staying.
Several young Ethiopians stated that they were thus gathered to protest.
The second factor is that there is more solidarity between the Oromos and Amharas, the two largest ethnic groups in Ethiopia.
The Oromos and Amharas are not natural enemies.
For eons, prospered Amharas, which come from Äthopiens predominantly Christian Highlands, in politics and economy, while they yielded the Oromos, many of which are Muslims and live in lowland lands.
But that also changes right now.
"We are about to coordinate under one umbrella," said Mulatu Gemechu, a leader of the Oromos.
The biggest protests took place in areas of Amhara and Oromos.
Many Amharas and Oromos have the feeling that Ethiopia is unfairly dominated by members of the Tigray ethnic group who make up about 6 percent of the population and who are dominant in the military, secret services, trade and politics.
The third reason for the riots is the death of Meles Zenawi.
Mr. Meles, a former rebel leader, was the Prime Minister of Ethiopia until his death in an unpublicized disease in 2012 17 years.
He was considered a tactical genius, a man who could think around corners.
Analysts say he was particularly adept at perceiving early signs of dissatisfaction and using special envoys to deal with opponents and make them harmless.
"The current regime lacks this basic skill," said Mr. Abdi, a conflict analyst.
Ethiopia's new prime minister, Hailemariam Desalegn, was chosen for relatively opaque reasons to take on the position of Mr Meles.
Unlike Mr. Meles, who came from the Tigray region of northern Ethiopia, Mr. Hailemariam comes from the south.
Analysts say he does not enjoy the confidence of the Tigray controlled security services.
Many fear that the result will be more bloodshed.
The last time that Ethiopia experienced such a riot was in 2005, after thousands of counter-elections were protested, according to analysts, apparently botched by the government and subsequently stolen.
During the ensuing raids, many protesters were killed, even though it was less than in the last few months and this time of unrest was passing relatively quickly.
Development experts praised Ethiopia's leaders for their visionary infrastructure planning, such as the new commuter, and for their measurable progress in combating poverty.
But obviously this has not prevented the intensification of the Ethiopian Government's internal grudge.
And it takes on a dangerous ethnic form.
Last month, protesters attacked in Gondar, a Amharic city, from Tigray-led businesses and the hatred towards the Tigray is becoming more common in social media.
Analysts say the protests bring the US and other Western allies into a peculiar position.
The American government used Ethiopia as the basis for Dronenflüge over neighboring Somalia, even though she recently said that it has closed this base.
While the West is clearly willing to support democracy, it does not want its ally to collapse in an already volatile area.
"This," said Mr. Abdi, "is a very thin tightrope hike."
Donald Trump explains his claim Obama had been founded ISIS was "sarcasm"
On Friday, Donald J. Trump tried to dispel the last controversy surrounding his campaign by stating that his repeated assertion that President Obama and Hillary Clinton were the "founders" of the terrorist group of the Islamic State was not meant to be serious.
This clarification raised new questions about the communication capabilities of the Republican presidential candidate on whether he was able to communicate clearly and with the American public.
It also brings his comrades, who seek to protect him during an eventful phase, in the peculiar position of having to explain statements that he could not have meant at all.
After making the hint at a campaign event on Wednesday evening, Mr. Trump rowed back in relation to the claim on Thursday and insisted in interviews that he really did not intend to imply that the President and Mrs. Clinton had created ISIS.
But in an early morning tweet on Friday, Mr. Trump said he was just being sarcastic.
The tweet was the contrast to the previous day that Mr. Trump said in a series of interviews, he meant the accusation completely serious.
When the conservative radio presenter Hugh Hewitt wanted to help Mr. Trump to weaken the statement by reminding him that Mr. Obama wants to destroy ISIS, the Republican presidential candidate did not want to know about it.
The last storm of criticism patters down on Mr. Trump while he was trying to focus his campaign on the economic situation due to falling survey values.
Mr. Trump and Mrs. Clinton kept talking about the economic situation in Michigan this week.
On Friday, Mr. Trump tried to return to this topic again.
Reporting on Twitter, he warned that Mrs. Clinton's proposals would lead to higher taxes and that he had found her speech boring.
Mr. Trump has already brought sarcasm to his defense.
At the end of July he drew strong criticism when he said the Russians were to hack Mrs. Clinton's emails, but later he explained, "Of course I meant that sarcastically."
This method allows Mr. Trump to postpone the linguistic boundaries in politics and then rowing back as needed.
"I think it's one of his methods to test how certain messages are recorded by his fans, how they arrive, and then, if necessary," clarify "depending on how the reaction fails." said Ruth Sherman, a communication expert who observes the language of both candidates.
But I also believe that he is clever enough to keep his statements vague enough so that they can be interpreted in various ways.
Instead of defusing the tone for the presidential elections, Mr. Trump has adopted an even more caustic tone, as his poll values have declined further.
A new survey by NBC/Wall Street Journal/Marist, released on Friday, showed a leadership with great prominence in the states of North Carolina, Virginia, Colorado and a head-to-head race in Florida.
While Mr. Trump generally tries not to apologize for his provocative remarks, he often accuses his critics of distorting his statements or misunderstanding his humor.
But while he is increasingly focusing attention in the last months of his presidential campaign, Mr. Trump's jokes have brought his loyal comrades into the uncomfortable situation of having to stand by him, regardless of how provocative his statements may be.
Rudolph W. Giuliani, former mayor of New York and one of Trump's most prominent advocates, gave himself great effort to defend the candidate today in a CNN interview from Thursday.
"I believe what he says are legitimate, political comments," said Mr. Giuliani, so he was questioned about the veracity of Mr. Trump's statements as to whether Mr. Obama and Mrs. Clinton had founded the Islamic State.
It is true in this sense that before Obama was ISIS an almost unknown, small organization, he called it backbench, completely wrong and that's why it happened because he pulled the troops from Iraq.
Most mainstream Republicans are trying to argue that the government under Obama, in which Mrs. Clinton served as secretary of state, allowed ISIS to spread out by leaving the situation in the Middle East aggressively under control.
Before the campaign events in Pennsylvania on Friday, Mr. Trump continued his attacks on the media, accusing them of riding around on each of his words and being biased against him.
He mocked the "poor, pathetic" television pundits who try to understand him and said, "You can't do it!".
Some of the Democrats mocked Mr. Trump's apology as just another proof that he was unfit for president.
Once displaced over the price of the market, café comes back in Greenpoint
Verb Cafe was a shabby café in Williamsburg where you could only pay for a bar that had no Wi-Fi but served good coffee for 15 years.
Of course, was ousted by the prices from his Bedford Avenue storefront.
The business soap Cherie, which replaced the verb in the summer of 2014, sells soap in the form of cupcakes.
Locals mourned it as a last loss in a Gentrifizierenden city.
The artist Molly Crabapple wrote on Twitter, "I know New York is changing, but I still can't believe that CBGB is dead, the Chelsea Hotel is gutted and is now a soap shop."
But if New York is a change, it is also a reinvention.
A revived Verb cafe opened last November in Greenpoint, less than a mile north of its original location.
The new verb has wi-Fi and accepts credit cards, but still has some of the same staff and a similarly simple atmosphere.
The coffee is still good.
The new owner of the verb is Cisco Rodriguez, a long-time employee of the Old café, who is the owner and managing director of the New Café.
He started working at verbs in 2001 and remained there until the end.
When a customer offered him to provide funds for a new outpost, he was excited to do it, he said.
Rodriguez, 36, maintained a lot of things.
Verb used the same distributor for the bagels bought the same espresso machine.
It even uses the same lamps from the old verb.
But Rodriguez said he wanted to experiment.
He introduced new ingredients.
On the menu are sandwiches with bacon and cheese and there are trimmings such as capers and sautéed onions.
There are natural rice bowls.
The café does not serve any beer, but there are fresh juices.
After nine months, Rodriguez said that he had noticed a steady stream of old regular customers.
"Many old customers were also ousted by prices from Williamsburg," he said.
Recently on a Sunday, Rebecca Oliveira was such a customer.
Oliveira, 34, lived earlier in Williamsburg and visited the verb regularly.
Even after she had moved to Greenpoint, she would take the road.
After the verb had closed, she gave up drinking coffee for a while, she said.
"I realized that there was coffee and culture in the verb that I liked," she said.
Now she drinks coffee again, even if she ordered a blended chai tea on that day instead of her usual iced coffee, which is another new addition.
Since the beginning of the verb in 2003, Tom Rosenthal has been a further longtime and loyal customer.
He went there before work and inevitably ordered the same thing.
"I came quarter after seven, every day, like a Swiss pocket watch and they prepare my everything-bagel with butter," he said.
Photo Rodriguez said he wanted to experiment and add new ingredients to the menu.
Nowadays Rosenthal still gets his usual order, but sometimes he changes his everything-bagel with bacon, egg and cheese.
Rodriguez said that he had no grudge that the soap business had taken over the old business premises.
In fact, the owners of soap Cherie offered to make a special soap for verb with the coffee brewed in the café as an ingredient.
"I think we're going to go into your offer," said Rodriguez.
And the traditional Polish inhabitants of Greenpoints have also accepted the café.
A new customer has translated the menu into Polish and Rodriguez said he intends to show them soon, so that his new neighbors will feel welcome.
The location also has other advantages.
A local Saftlokal wants to fill and sell the cold brewed coffee.
There is a chance that the café will expand to a neighboring building.
For many customers, a new verb is enough to get their old favorites.
Joseph Witt was a regular customer and said that he was devastated when the café closed.
When the new café opened, Whitt said that entering the premises and ordering a new coffee felt like a homecoming.
"I had to smell that," he said.
The depressing food of the economic crisis in "an abundant meal"
In March 1933, shortly after his ascent to the president, Franklin Delano Roosevelt took his lunch at the Oval Office.
As a foodie, President Roosevelt had a penchant for refined delicacies of Fifth Avenue such as pâte de foie gras and Maryland water Schildkrötensuppe.
His menu on that day was somewhat humbler: stuffed eggs in tomato sauce, mashed potatoes and as a dessert a plum pudding.
"It was an act of culinary solidarity with suffering people," said Jane Ziegelman.
Her husband Andrew Coe added, "It was also a message to the Americans how they should eat."
The couple live in Brooklyn Heights and are both food historians.
Coes last book "Chop Suey" was about Chinese cuisine in the USA, while Ziegelman in her book "97 Orchard" tells about life in a residential building on the Lower East Side from the food perspective.
Her latest collaboration, "A decent meal" that will appear on Tuesday at Harper Verlag, illustrates the history of American cuisine during the Great Depression.
They showed culinary solidarity when they met with a reporter at the Eisenberg's Sandwich shop for dinner, a small, straightforward snack in the Flatiron district, which has been in business since the 1929 stock market crash.
Ziegelman, 54, ordered a fresh cheese sandwich with olive scraps, while Coe, 57, ate turkey with mashed potatoes and vegetable mixture.
When the reporter ordered Meatloaf, this was due to the couple for a discussion about eating in the era of Great Depression.
"Rich foods were very popular," said Ziegelman.
There was peanut bread, loaf and bean bread.
They were prepared from an ingredient and something cheap that stretches the ingredient.
Imagine eating so many peanuts that they serve you as dinner.
Coe grinned.
"It must have been placed in the stomach like lead," he said.
In the years before the Great Depression, the table was in an American household, especially in rural areas, an all-you-can-eat buffet.
Women's teams cooked for male field workers and it was served freshly baked pate for breakfast, lunch and dinner.
They were the Americans who sent food to starving Europeans during the First World War. "A square Meal" records the ways in which the country was no longer the land of paradise.
"It was a time when food for the Americans became a central, tense topic," Begündete Coe, why he and his wife wanted to write about it.
Equally tense was the new budget diet: Mysterious foods such as breads and casseroles became staple foods, the casserole as "wonderful way to eat leftovers recycle," noted Ziegelman, as cooks could hide unappetizing ingredients under a creamy sauce.
Fresh fruit was replaced by cheaper dried fruit.
Meat, which was the focus of American cuisine for years, became a rare luxury.
Peculiar mixes were tried, as a calorie and nourishing gratification had precedence over taste or even healthy kitchen mind.
During her research for the book, which also includes recipes, Ziegelman prepared a dish from that epoch, baked onions with peanut butter.
"It was not a popular addition to the Mittagstsich," says Coe.
Brick man goes on: "It was surreal."
Peanut butter and baked onions do not match.
It was typical for many of the housekeeping recipes.
Like never before or ever since, household economists-including Louise Stanley, head of the Federal Bureau of Home Economics between 1923 and 1943-drove the eating habits of the country in such a way.
By publishing recipes and articles in newspapers and magazines, they encouraged women to become "household politicians" and to meet the challenge of turning mush like creamy spaghetti with carrots into delicious meals.
"A square meal" is a feast of historical tidbits.
Particularly palatable are the reports of the Government's response to the starving citizens, such as President Herbert Hoover's Lass-me-cake-eating posture.
While publicly praising the simple Iowa farmhouse kitchen of his kitchen, he dined like the million-dollar man of the world to which he has become.
"He liked continental cuisine like fish with cucumber sauce," said Coe.
He ate in an almost gilded dining room and wore a tuxedo.
He was gloriously alien to reality.
President Roosevelt might have made the same mistake, unless his wife Eleanor asked him to make an example with his stomach.
As described in the book, hiring a housekeeper with no interest in flavours by Mrs. Roosevelt led the White House to produce the most boring food in Washington, but also one of the most bleakly prepared. "
Many of the species from the era of Great Depression, dealing with food, were discarded as soon as the country got back on its feet.
The legacy is based on our continued focus on calories and food, said Ziegelman, as well as on how science was applied to food.
The couple gave a better understanding of Ziegelmans's eating habits when writing the book-for example, how they could not throw food away.
"She had a real fear of wasting food," said Coe.
Ziegelman remembered: "She actually made people sick."
There was the wind bag incident.
After the plates were cleared at Eisenberg's, they and Coe drew out a dessert they had prepared at home: The plum dessert that President Roosevelt ate for lunch.
"It is called Prune whip," said Ziegelman, adding that it was a common trick to miss modest recipes a chic name.
There was no whipped cream, only plums, some flour, sugar, water and cinnamon.
Each one reluctantly dipped a spoon in the tough, brown goo.
Surprisingly, it didn't taste bad.
Coe picked up three times a repercussion.
Like a can-do Budgetierer, he said to his wife, "a couple of chopped walnuts would help."
Killed in bomb attack: He was the hero of Aleppo
He put his own life to the game to help others: Khaled Omar.
He was the hero of Aleppo: Khaled Omar devoted his life to the people of Syria.
He risked everything to save the lives of others.
Now the 30-year-old himself died in a barrel bomb attack by the Assad regime.
Omar was a member of the White Helmets, a civil protection group that, according to Bild newspaper, saved almost 60,000 people's lives.
2900 volunteers put their own lives at risk in order to attract people from bombed houses and to provide first aid in the war zone.
They are the heroes of the war in Syria.
Omar was the face of the group: a video of the civil Protector, which shows him in an 11-hour rescue of an infant from the rubble of a house, went around the world in 2014.
It made the Syrian a shining symbolic figure in the horror of war.
As a hero, however, he never saw himself, said according to the picture: "For me this is the real jihad."
"When I die to save lives, I think that God sees a martyr in me."
Shortly before Omar himself fell victim to an attack, he had spoken in a video about the last bombing in Syria.
The helicopters threw four barrel bombs over the Alzadia district, one was filled with chlorine.
A woman and two children died, seven people suffer from shortness of breath.
"We are now eliminating the toxic remnants of the bomb so that children do not play with it," the picture quotes his last words before he died.
The deadly bomb of the Assad regime had to hit terrorists.
Greenland: The oldest vertebrate is almost 400 years old
Rare sight.
Greenland sharks usually only come to the surface in winter.
This shark was allowed to return to sea after an investigation aboard the research vessel Sanna.
He was born 1624 and swims with a good 1 km/h through the North Atlantic until today.
Greenland sharks only get offspring with 150 years.
The Greenland swims slowly along the bottom of the North Atlantic, in an hour it is on average just 1,220 meters wide.
Only when it counts, the five-metre-long animal accelerates to a whopping 2.6 km/h-and is half as fast as a seal at this maximum speed.
This lifestyle, which is characterized by slowness, seems to be a panacea for a high age.
Julius Nielsen of the University of Copenhagen and his colleagues report in the journal "Science" in any case from a Greenland that could be 392 years old.
"Madness", commented Alexander Scheuer from the Max Planck Institute for Demographic Research in Rostock This life span, which means a world record for vertebrate animals.
The evolutionary biologist has long suspected that Greenland sharks are old.
Only the evidence was missing.
Greenland sharks are difficult to observe, after all they live mainly in the Arctic Ocean in front of the sparsely populated coasts of Canada, Greenland, Norway and Spitsbergen.
Because they prefer water temperatures around the six degrees Celsius, they usually appear only in winter on the surface.
Researchers know little about the lifestyle of the Greenland sharks.
They measured their slow-motion tempo as they were equipping six animals with a transmitter in front of Spitsbergen.
Prey still make these sharks: in the stomach of an animal, researchers found the remains of a seal, and another had swallowed the jawbone of a young polar bear.
They may be chasing sleeping animals or patrolling at the bottom of the Arctic Ocean, looking for carcasses staggering from higher levels of water.
Julius Nielsen and his colleagues were now examining 28 Greenland sharks, which caught fishermen from Greenland or Spitsbergen from the depths of the North Atlantic between 2010 and 2013.
The smallest shark was just 81 inches long, while the largest 502 centimeters in size.
To determine the age of the animals, they analyzed the lens core of the Sharks with the carbon 14 method.
This center of the eye lens arises even before the birth of the sharks, the proteins contained therein are later no longer renewed.
The two smallest sharks had a remarkable amount of carbon-14 in the lens core.
Their birth should therefore be after the early 1960s, when nuclear weapons attempts hurled larger amounts of this radioactive carbon into the atmosphere.
In the 220 cm length third smallest animal, the lens core, however, contained a small surplus of carbon 14 from the nuclear weapons trying, so it should have celebrated its 50th anniversary in its investigation in 2012.
In contrast, all the larger Greenland sharks had normal carbon-14 amounts in their lens core, which is caused by cosmic radiation in the atmosphere.
In fact, the carbon 14 clock for a 493 centimeters long Greenland showed an age of 335 years, while the record shark with 502 centimeters might even be 392 years old.
The fact that Greenland females only get offspring when they are longer than four meters was known.
Now the researchers could assign the length to an age.
Since one of the animals with 392 centimetres was probably on the threshold of sexual maturity and its age was determined at 156 years, Greenland sharks with the multiplication obviously can be at least one and a half centuries.
This is also likely to be the world record for vertebrate animals.
The fact that such Methusaleme mainly live in icy waters is no coincidence.
The previous record holder, a 211 year old whale, in whose bacon on the nape of a 120 year old harpoon tip, was also trapped in front of Alaska.
Due to the low temperatures, the organism of the animals living there often runs on a saving flame.
So they ripen later and age slower.
In order to keep themselves warm in the cold water, the animals are also often particularly large.
Because the volume grows much faster than its surface, through which the animal heat losing.
The heat loss of a Gram mouse is therefore much larger than a gram of elephant.
Another advantage: they have fewer enemies.
"A smaller animal lives more dangerously and should concentrate on having as many offspring as possible in the early days," explains the evolutionary biologist Scheuer.
A very large animal should instead invest its resources in a long life.
Ground in Double pack
In the recent meeting, the municipal council focused on topics related to construction.
With relief, the Panel adopted the communication of Mayor Robert Putz that "finally the marketing of the recently designated housing areas can begin".
After the land, Parzellierungs and development issues have been clarified and the applications for surveying could be made, the sale of the land in the residential areas "Straßlweg" and "Schönau-West" (Section 1 of Binder Road-expansion) is no longer in the way of interested parties.
The municipal council is convinced that the land in the rural and quiet residential community of Schönau will appeal to young families and spry senior citizens alike.
As it was said, building volunteers can immediately report to the city Hall, and the municipal council is expected to advise on the allocation of the parcels in its September meeting.
In order to be able to make inquiries about the settlement of further businesses, coupled with the creation of jobs, the municipal council decided to change the land use plan, which was newly created in the spring of this year, in sub-areas.
Thus, in the area of Unterzeitlarn, the already designated industrial area is extended by two parcels towards the state Road 2112.
Frankfurt profits from the Brexit
The city on the main therefore has the best chance of attracting jobs and companies moving from London in the competition with Paris, Dublin and Luxembourg.
"It is very likely that Frankfurt will benefit most from the Brexit vote," says Michael Voigtlander, head of the financial markets and real estate markets of the IW.
After the Brexit referendum, it is uncertain whether money houses can continue to operate from London from financial transactions throughout the EU.
For the so-called EU passport, you have been granted approval in the UK.
This is what large US banks are using.
Several banks have already announced to relocate jobs.
The lobby association "Frankfurt Main Finance" expects 10000 new jobs on the main within five years.
For Frankfurt, according to the IW, the seat of the European Central Bank (ECB), which unites responsibility for monetary policy and oversight of the largest banks in the eurozone, as well as other important authorities such as the European Insurance supervision Eiopa and the Risk council ESRB.
In Paris, the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) has its headquarters, but it is less important for the financial sector than the ECB.
"The proximity to the central bank is important for banks, as they can communicate directly with the supervisor," says IW Professor Voigtlander.
Luxembourg has a large fund industry, but as well as Dublin, the infrastructure is worse off.
Thanks to the large airport, Frankfurt is much easier to reach.
Further points the city with readily available commercial real estate.
"In Paris it is not so easy to find free high-quality offices," says Voigtlander.
The Seine also rents for first-class commercial properties by 50 percent higher than the main.
In addition, Frankfurt offers a higher quality of life than the competition thanks to good medical care and infrastructure as well as less crime.
In a ranking of business consultancy Mercer, the city ranked seventh, Luxembourg at number 19, Dublin on Place 33 and Paris at 37. Place.
Even though quality of life is a matter of preference: "With its already strong position as a financial location for the European internal market, Frankfurt could attract more banks and investors," concludes the IW.
But, despite the Brexit vote, London will remain the most important financial centre in Europe, the economists say.
This is also the situation of the forces: in London, in accordance with the figures of the Landesbank Helaba, around 144000 people worked in the banking industry at the end of 2015, in Frankfurt it was 62500.
Gilead receives legal costs from hepatitis C patent dispute with Merck
A U.S. magistrate ruled that Gilead Sciences Inc was entitled to a refund of the legal costs incurred by it from the hepatitis C litigation with the pharmaceutical company Merck & Co Inc.
In June, Gilead was exempted from a compensation payment of $200 million for the infringement of two patents by Merck, in connection with the Sovaldi and Harvoni of Gilead's blockbuster drugs, after a US judge revealed a pattern of wrongdoing by Merck, including the perjury and other unethical acts.
When bringing the lawsuit on Thursday, U.S. Magistrate Beth Labson Freeman said that Gilead has the right to waive the costs incurred during the defense of the case.
Merck is trying to equate with Gilead, which dominates the market of a new generation of hepatitis C drugs that can cure more than 90 percent of patients with liver disease.
The case goes back to the year 2013, when Gilead and Merck sued each other and claimed property on laboratory work, which Sofosbuvir based, the active ingredient in the drugs of Gilead.
Troops supported by the United States say they have recaptured full control of Manbij from the Islamic State.
Troops supported by the US have recaptured complete control of the northern city of Manbij near the Turkish border, after the last is-fighter in the city left this, said a group spokesman on Friday.
The Democratic forces of Syria (DKS) are combing the city after the exodus of the remaining group of combatants who have buried themselves within the city.
They have liberated over 2000 civilians who were held hostage by the combatants, Sharfan Darwish of the DKs Allied MANBIJ Military council, Reuters.
"The city is now under perfect control, but we are doing cleanup," he told Reuters.
Clintons earn 10.75 million in 2015 and pay 34.2% federal tax
Hillary Clinton published her tax return for 2015 on Friday, which resulted in an income of USD 10.75 million for the presidential candidate of the Democrats and her husband, and an effective federal VAT rate of 34.2%.
In 2015, the Clintons donated USD 1 million for charitable purposes, mainly to the Clinton Foundation; Former President Bill Clinton generated nearly USD 5.3 million in speech fees; The former foreign minister issued an income of USD 3 million from the publisher Simon & Schuster for her book about her term of office in the Foreign Ministry.
Clinton's candidate for the vice presidency, Senator Tim Kaine of Virginia, has published his tax returns for the last ten years together with his wife Anne Holton.
They paid an effective federal tax rate of 20.3% in 2015.
"Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine continue to set standards in terms of financial transparency," announced Clinton's campaign helper Jennifer Palmieri in an opinion.
In stark contrast, Donald Trump hides behind false excuses and retracts in relation to his previous promises to publish his tax returns.
It is common for US presidential candidates to publish their tax returns, although they are not obliged to do so by law.
Trump, a New York businessman, and his lawyers have stated as a reason for his refusal a tax audit by the tax authorities.
"You are on the train," wrote Clinton's campaign helper Ian Sams on Twitter, regarding the publication of the Democratic presidential candidate.
On Thursday, Michael Cohen, Trump's special adviser, told CNN that he would not allow Trump to publish anything before the tax audits are not completed.
Trump's critics, including the Republican presidential candidate of the year 2012 Mitt Romney, have already announce that his refusal raises issues relating to wealth, his donations to charities, his business and various other links, especially with Russia.
Clinton has already crashed on the subject and published on Friday a video on the internet, in which highly Albanian Republicans Trump invite his tax return.
On Thursday, she also addressed the topic during a speech on the economy in Michigan.
"He refuses to do what any other presidential candidate has done in recent decades and publish his tax returns." She said to the crowd.
Politico reported that Trump paid no or very little taxes for two years during the 1990s, and a New York Times business journalist quoted a number of Steueranwältenn and tax advisors on Friday, saying that this could still be the case.
Federal taxes have become an issue in the election campaign.
Clinton supports a scheme named after the billionaire and investor Warren Buffett who would make sure that individuals who earn more than USD 1 million pay a tax rate of at least 30%.
President Obama is also supporting the proposal.
During an election campaign for Hillary Clinton last week in Omaha, Nebraska, Buffett, whose Berkshire Hathaway industrial conglomerate has his seat here, urged Trump to a meeting to exchange their tax returns.
Buffett said he was also subjected to a tax audit by the IRS and Trump did "fear" before the voters and not before the tax authorities.
Clinton's campaign has published tax returns by the year 2007.
The Clintons who now live in Chappaqua, New York, on average paid an effective federal tax rate of about 32% between the years 2007 to 2014 and an effective combined rate of about 40.5%.
The Clinton tax return of 2015 showed that these were only USD 100 of their income as a wage, unlike the bulk of all Americans.
Their main financial investment was a cost-effective index fund, from which the Clintons taxed dividends and revenues of USD 109,000.
With contributions by Kevin Drawbaugh; Edited by Jonathan Otis
Condoms with chili powder, fireworks promote Tanzania's elephant protection
Conservationists in Tanzania use an unorthodox way to prevent elephants from going into people-inhabited settlements-they throw condoms on them that are filled with chili powder.
The method has proven to be effective and the Honeyguide Foundation, who had the idea years ago, together with the US nature conservation, has intensified its promotion by training volunteers in villages in northern Tanzania to use a non-violent four-step method to protect their homes and crops without injuring animals.
Previously, many Spears used to defend themselves.
Friday is world Elefantentag dedicated to animal welfare.
"Ever since we... Toolkit, we have been able to observe a change in their attitudes within these communities, and they are much more confident that they can keep the elephants from their fields without damaging the elephant, "said the managing director of Honeyguide Damian Bell in a communication.
The first two steps include lighting the elephant with a torch and blowing it into a horn.
If he is not deterred, a so-called "chili Cloud" is thrown.
Chili powder mixed with Earth is packed together with a fireworks body into a condom, the end of which is turned up onto the ignition cord.
When it is lit, the condom bursts with a bang and sprays fine dust on chili powder into the air.
A breath right usually already out to chase the elephant.
One last option is a launcher that shoots a gold rain fireworks in the air, causing a loud, bright explosion.
City Council decides unanimously: no new kiosk on St. Goarer Rhine
Normally, the St. Goarer investment projects by traders with kiss-the retail trade in the centre of the city is considered to be significantly expanded.
However, the city council now unanimously rejected the request for the new construction of a kiosk on the Rhine in the immediate vicinity of the Rhine balcony under construction.
"Basically we welcome new traders, but at this location in an exposed position on the Rhine, this kiosk does not fit", explained Michael Hubrath for the CDU group.
Jewish director smashes Berlin hotel because Israeli prefix was removed after "Arab" call-RT News
A French director with Jewish roots unleashed a media riot after he had betrayed that the Kempinski Bristol Hotel in Berlin did not list an Israeli area code, since it had "requested" Arab guests according to an employee.
Claude Lanzmann, author of the Holocaust documentary "Shoah", left his anger at the Kempinski Bristol Hotel in Berlin by writing an open letter to the German newspaper Faz.
During his last stay, Lanzmann tried to find Israel on the country code list of the hotel.
However, the country was not listed between the countries that can be called directly from the hotel room.
How is it possible that Israel was eliminated and deleted in the year 2016 in Berlin, the capital of the new Germany?
Wrote Lanzmann.
Instead, the Kempinksi Bristol offers a way to select Israel via its own call center.
Looking for an explanation, the director turned to the hotel reception.
The answer he received there, "shocked him," as Lanzmann wrote.
The hotel clerk said that the measure was an "intentional decision of the management of Kempinski hotels."
The reason behind it was even more anger in the director.
"Most of our guests are Arabs and they have requested that the area code be deleted," the employee of Lanzmann was quoted.
The Israeli ambassador to Germany Yakov Hadas-Handelsman called this a "great shame", reports the Süddeutsche Zeitung.
We were horrified and dismayed by this event.
This is really shameful.
The fact that this has taken place in Germany in this very hotel chain is even more of a disgrace.
That does not require explanation.
We expect the hotel to "draw the right conclusions," said the official.
The incident triggered a rather large response on the Internet, where people called it a scandal.
Some told the Kempinski hotel that it had "given up" the alleged calls of Arab guests.
"Be ashamed," it was said in another article, in which it was pointed out that the hotel, located on the noble Kurfürstendamm, is near a synagogue.
The hotel quickly dismissed all accusations and called the incident an "oversight" and "apologized" at Lanzmann, reported the mirror.
"There was never a direct instruction" not to include Israel in the Quick list, "the Süddeutsche Zeitung quoted a spokesman for the Kempinski hotel.
It adds that the country code has now been added.
Police put tear gas & rubber bullets against protesting Brazilian students
Students met with the police on Thursday in the Brazilian city of Sao Paulo when they gathered to demonstrate against government reforms to the public education system.
The police put tear gas and rubber bullets against the demonstrators.
The difficulties began when police officers tried to disperse the students, which caused the police to put on rubber bullets and tear gas.
Several hundred students attended the demonstrations to express their dismay at the plans.
According to the proposals of the Governor of the state of Sao Paulo Geraldo Alckmin, a little less than 100 public schools are closed, while 300,000 students are implemented to save money.
Some of the protest participants saw graffitits against the provisional President Michel Temer spraying on walls.
The most recent protests took place a few days after demonstrators went to Mass on the streets to support the suspended President Dilma Rousseff, who had been dismissed from office by a vote of the Senate.
Trade between Russia & Iran suddenly rises to 71%-RT Business
With the lifting of the sanctions, according to the Russian ambassador in Iran, Levan Dzhagaryan, the trade turnover between Moscow and Tehran grew by 70.9 percent in comparison with the year.
Since the international sanctions against Iran have been lifted, interest on the part of Russian companies in businesses in the country grew strongly, the Ambassador shared.
Russian companies are making existing connections with Iran, while new companies are willing to gain access to the market.
Of course, further trade expansion is one of the biggest priorities of bilateral cooperation with Iran, "said Dzhagaryan.
He noted that trade turnover between Russia and Iran increased by 70.9 percent in the first five months of 2016, compared to the same period in 2015, and $856 million fraud.
In particular, Russian imports into Iran rose by 91.5 percent and amounted to $697 million.
Russian imports from Iran rose by 16 percent to $158 million.
The trade boom was achieved through deliveries of machinery, land vehicles and weapons, "said the ambassador.
Dzhagaryan goes out for this year from a record number of Iranian tourists in Russia.
Last year, the Russian foreign representation issued around 35,000 visas, primarily travel visas, to Iranian citizens.
Iran also reached the top 20 of the countries, as regards the number of tourists in Russia.
One could say that the record numbers of Iranian tourists in Russia from last year, are broken, "he said.
At the same time, only relatively few Russians visit Iran, something the ambassador hopes will change.
"I personally can recommend visiting the cities of Isfahan, Shiraz and Yazd, who have preserved monuments of ancient Persian civilization in a good state," he said.
Witnesses wanted: Beverage market in Waldbröl invaded
A robbery was perpetrated on Thursday evening on the beverage market of Rewe XXL on the Waldbröler Gerber Road.
Under a firearm, three darkly clad persons who had masked their faces demanded the release of cash from the employee of the beverage market and then fled first on foot and then presumably with a silver-coloured VW Golf.
How much money has been looted, the police do not share.
The perpetrators should have been between 1.60 and 1.70 meters in size, so relatively small.
The beverage market is directly accessible and poorly visible from the parking deck of the Rewe market.
The perpetrators must have run after the robbery in the direction of Gerber Strasse, Friedrich-Engelbert-Weg and have fled from the gravel car park in front of the car park entrance with the silver car, possibly in the direction of B 256 (Schladernring).
Those who have made observations about the time (against 19.45), who are in connection with the robbery, should urgently report to the police.
Nagold: Fun and games at summer time
Eight beautiful and joyful days spent the children and adolescents of the Social Pedagogical Day Group/social group work of the Child Protection Federation Nagold with their carers on their summer leisure in Nussdorf, near Mühlacker.
In the quietly located leisure home of Hardtwäldle, the cheerful group was quartered during the first school Ferienwoche.
Several full-day excursions were on the agenda.
On the one, it went after boards with the visit of the petting zoo.
On the other to Maulbronn, where there was a special children's Guide in the world famous monastery.
The third excursion led to Pforzheim.
In the Celtic Museum in Hochdorf, the group learned a lot about the daily life and food of the Celts.
On the hot days the group amused themselves at the Tiefensee in Maulbronn, which invited to jump, swim and splash.
Culinary treats were provided to children and carers with their own prepared body foods such as the sour noodles, the AU, Iselshauser-Bloff, the English breakfast and the Tübingen bolognese.
In workshops was batiked, beautiful jewels made of beads and stones created or made of wood a Roman-mill game.
Other highlights of leisure were fishing in a nearby pond, the evenings by the fire and the final "colorful evening".
On the day of homeward The Sun laughed and the children and adolescents returned home happily.
Haigerloch: Pilgrims to the Gate of Mercy
The altar from the pastoral unit Eyachtal-Haigerloch St. Anna were on the way on a four-day pilgrimage from Villingen to Freiburg.
Four stages have been managed together.
In order to bridge the time to the next ' of all altar in probably two years, the Oberministrantenrunde St. Anna decided to prepare and carry out a pilgrimage lasting several days.
Various pilgrimage destinations were examined and finally, it was decided for the Bishop's City of Freiburg, where this year, on the occasion of the Holy Year of Mercy with the Open Gate of Mercy at the Freiburg Minster, a special pilgrimage destination was offered.
16 Minis from Bittelbronn, Gruol, Haigerloch and holy rooms made their way.
The evening before, Pastor Storost sent the pilgrims out in a small celebration in St. Anna, blessed the Pilgrims ' crosses and granted the pilgrim blessing.
From Horb it was driven by train to the starting point of Villingen, where there is also a cathedral of Our Lady and so the pilgrimage from Münster was started.
The individual day trips were framed in the morning and evening by a short impulse with various prayers, songs and written texts.
But also on the way, the Minis on field crosses, chapels or churches repeatedly made a rest to sing together a song from a specially assembled pilgrim Liedheft.
The church of the local parishes were available for the overnight stays.
At the stage goals, Alexandra Burkhardt and Heidi Faller made for a tasty as well as invigorating dinner and breakfast.
It continued on the second day via Furtwangen to Gütenbach.
The next day, the stage to St. Peter, which was the most route, had to be climbed at first around 500 meters of altitude and then re-ascended after a sultry heat.
The deserved reward was a communal barbecue at the Badweiher.
After the morning impulse on the fourth day of pilgrimage in the imposing convent church of St. Peter, the final stage went to Freiburg.
Visibly relieved and happily, the Minis met at the Freiburg Minster later in the afternoon and passed through the Gate of Mercy.
With a little impulse, God was thanked here.
At the evening fair in Münster, the Minis of Kooperator Markus Obert arrived at the Pilgrim's destination.
After the service the pilgrims were able to visit the sacristy and the high altar.
The next day was still time for the Breisgaumetropole.
In the afternoon we went back to Horb by train.
At the end, all participants agreed that the days of spirituality and a strong community experience were marked.
Scot Callum Skinner storms home when Brits get gold for cycling
Scotland's Callum Skinner raced to fame last night in the men's team sprint at the velodrome in Rio, when the British team defended the title of London 2012.
The 23-year-old from Glasgow took on the anchor role that his compatriot Sir Chris Hoy had made his own. The young made the legend proud when he stormed home to win a victory from the favourites of New Zealand.
England claimed a shocking victory four years ago, while Hoy clinched the fifth of six Olympic gold.
They repeated the trick after they took a modest sixth place in March at the rail World Championships in London despite the resignation of Hoys.
The problem between Beijing and London was the replacement of the driver Jamie staff.
They did this in time as Hindes showed up.
Hoys Retirement created a gap that Kian 'emadi and Matt Crampton tried to close.
Skinner was the man they stayed in when they saw potential in the Scots that has now unfolded.
Hindes, Kenny-who won with Hoy four years ago and Skinner set an Olympic record in the qualifying rounds, but in the standard rounds the New Zealanders won the first round.
And the British trio won the duel with gold.
Hindes was barely back after his lap, but Kenny brought the team forward and Skinner kept it.
A change of strategy made a large part of the transformation, in which Hindes drove in a higher gear to slow him down and to allow Kenny and, above all, Skinner to keep pace.
Hoy watched from his position as BBC expert and fell on Skinner, Kenny and Hindes when they stepped on the podium.
The 23-year-old Skinner from Glasgow said, "It's a flattering comparison."
I'm just here to do my best and make a name for myself.
We set an Olympic record in the finals and defeated the world champions.
It was just amazing.
There is no better way to win this.
After the triumph of 2012 on the side of Kenny and Hoys, Hindes admitted that he deliberately fell on the track after a weak start.
He later withdrew this statement and there was no opposition from England's rivals.
With such an outstanding victory, there was no such problem this time.
Hindes said: "It feels with all the GB flags in the grandstand like London."
We've been together as a team in the last three months.
We have come so badly from so many world titles that it was unbelievable to win again at the Olympics.
This is an event, a gold medal for the nation that won seven out of 10 titles both in Beijing and in London.
If this is a barometer of our progress in the last five months, we expect successful five days in the velodrome.
With the form Kennys it is in the realm of possible that he reiterates Hoys victory of three Olympic gold medals in a competition.
That would be for Kenny-who is exactly 12 years younger than Hoy, which was also born on 23 March (an apparently holy date for British sport; The day also included Steve Redgrave, Mo Farah and Roger Bannister)-a yield of six gold medals and a silver medal.
That would be the same for Hoy.
Kenny is next in the sprint, which starts today and will go on for three days.
The 28-year-old from Bolton said, "I just enjoy this for the moment."
The team event is always best.
You can win it with your colleagues.
It feels a little lonely to win alone.
Hindes said, "If he wins two more gold medals, he should be beaten to the knight."
It was the only medal contest of the day, but there was more good news for England.
Sir Bradly Wiggins, Ed Clancy, Steven Burke and Owain Doull qualified for the fastest performance in the four-kilometer race.
They arrived at the destination in 3:51,942.
The world record, which won gold in London in 2012, was at 3:51,659.
The first and final round (22.42) are held today on the second day of the Wettbewers, where Wiggins will certainly be in the spotlight.
He had argued with the Commissioner before the qualification yesterday, when he called him officials to measure his body size.
In the corresponding women's competition, which will be continued and finished tomorrow, advanced Laura Trott, Joanna Rowsell Shand, Elinor Barker and Katie Archibald of Milngavie in Weltrekordszeit in 4:13,260.
The GB team relies on its strong track team to dominate the middle period of the Olympic Games and to bring a bevy of medals.
After a truly exceptional portrayal of absolute dominance in Beijing and London, the expectations for Rio were shut down.
Dramas played out in the background, according to the resignation of technical director Shane Sutton in April amid sexism and bullying accusations as well as retiring from greats such as Hoy and Victoria Pendleton.
However, if you look at the first evening of the competition in the velodrome, it looks as if the now legendary call GBS, which has reached its climax at the perfect moment, can be repeated again.
Future of the melting of Portland due to repeal of the energy contract questionable
The future of the aluminium smelting of Portland in Victoria, as well as hundreds of workers ' jobs, is at stake as the plant operator is announcing the energy supply contract and thus canceling all supply contracts, as the delivering energy company announced.
This step followed the government's decision in Victoria earlier this year to award no further subsidies to the operation of the facility.
A subsidy for 20 years expires in November.
Up to 2000 jobs at Alcoa's facility in Portland are at stake.
No less than 2000 jobs-direct and indirect-could be at risk of closure.
In addition, domino effects could occur as the melting consumes around 10 percent of Victoria's total power generation.
In 2014, Alcoa closed the point Henry Melting, which led to the closure of the Anglesea power plant last year.
Alcoa's melting in Portland is losing money and risking closure.
This step follows the years of speculation about the future of the plant, originally as a result of the strong Australian dollar and lastly due to the electricity price for the plant.
AGL, who supplies the large aluminium melting with his Loy Yang a power plant in Latrobe Valley, said that it is assumed that three other owners will terminate their contracts.
The plant is in the majority ownership of a joint venture of Alcoa and Alumina, the Chinese company Citic and the Japanese Marubeni Corp. hold smaller shares.
"AGL assumes that the Portland facility will continue to operate, which means a further physical demand for electricity through the melting," the company said.
AGL continued to say that the treaties were so-called "hedges", which should have entered into force from November 2016.
The contracts have a 12-month notice period so that they will end in 2017.
"Therefore, AGL assumes that the contracts will contribute to revenue in the financial year 17," said the electricity supplier.
All potential effects on revenue on AGL from the GJ 18 are currently limited by the forecasts of the strong futures markets for wholesale current prices.
AGL stated that it had already depreciated the value of the contracts in its Jahresabschlus of $187 million in "expectation of termination".
Alcoa said that the decision to book the contracts, the "ability of Alcoa... to operate the melting or to ensure the power supply to the melting" is not affect.
The US company said it had completed a 20-year contract with Loy Yang in 2010, which was due to enter into force from November this year, even if it is still guilty of a statement as to why it has resigned from the treaty.
Analysts warn about the poor economic situation of the industry before the possible closure of the Portland melting in Victoria and the Tomago facility near Newcastle.
In reference to the statements of analysts at the beginning of the week, the head of operations Stephen Mikkelsen said that Portland consumes around 600 megawatts per year and Tomago around 900 megawatts of electricity.
If both plants disappear from the market, this would mean a significant reduction in demand in the [electricity market].
And for us as power generators, that wouldn't be good, "he said.
More than just a Kardashian reality TV star, Kendall is on the cover of the September edition of Vogue
Kendall Jenner, 20, model and fourth daughter of the manager and mother of the Kardashian-Jenner clan Kris is on the cover of the coveted September edition of US Vogue.
Kendall, who is the brand ambassador of Estee Lauder and ran at fashion weeks in Milan, Paris and New York, announced on Thursday the news on her Instagram account.
"In a room full of people I love, the sight of this cover made me cry," wrote Kendall.
The unveiling of the cover followed a bizarre (or simply Keeping Up with the Kardashians similar?), scripted reality video showing the entire Kardashian-Jenner family (with the exception of the problem cases rob and Caitlyn as well as in the presence of the most popular showbiz uncle and producer of Keeping Up Ryan Seacrest), as she forgets the cover of her sister and ends with a classic twist: they have all planned a surprise party.
This is the clichéd plot of almost every birthday episode of a children's show (Seacrest brought the sentence, "You thought we'd forgotten you?," with the honesty of a cartoon rabbit on a square at 8 o'clock in the morning), but Kris had to somehow let her other girls take part in this publicity.
With regard to the September issue of Vogue has certainly begun a new Era of Kardashians.
Kendall's big sister Kim likes to have beaten her as far as the Vogue cover is concerned (she and her husband Kanye West were to see it in April 2014), but the cover of the September issue of the magazine is a league by itself.
The September edition is the most sold edition of the Year for Vogue.
With a volume that is more like a picture-set than a fashion magazine, the issue attracts a large number of advertisers (according to the fashionista were from the 832 pages of the Tome 615 page advertising).
The revelation of his cover star is so eagerly anticipated that in the last two years images of the magazine were leaking before the official announcement.
Women who were already on the cover include Naomi Campbell, Linda Evangelista and Kate Moss.
In recent years were clearly more "celebrities who model" than "models who are celebrities" on the cover.
Oscar winner and Dior brand ambassador Jennifer Lawrence was in 2013 on the cover, a year after Lady Gaga had the honor.
But even at the slight chance that Mrs Jenner-who is described by the magazine as the "breakthrough model" of her generation-falls under the former category, she is in good company.
These celebrities are not related to famous people or reality stars or teenagers of today who know how to turn a good Snapchat video (even if it all applies to Jenner).
They are truly talented women who excel in the entertainment industry.
Beyonce, who appeared on the last cover, had with the release of lemonade one of the most successful years of her career.
Of course, Jenner's success doesn't appeal to everyone.
With her reality TV story, Jenner's position in the fashion world was always somewhat tense.
In June, the former Victoria's Secret model Stephanie Seymour Jenner and her colleague Gigi Hadid criticized her and called her "the pieces of the moment."
These feelings boiled up again when the news came out with the release of Jenners on the Vogue cover.
But riding around on the moroseness seems to pass by the point.
Kendall Jenner is on the cover of the September edition of Vogue.
It is in the truest sense of the word a supermodel.
She's running for Marc Jacobs.
She's advertising her primer, Estee Lauder.
You and all your sisters sell you pictures of yourself on their respective paywall apps.
She sells her pictures of Cindy Crawford's daughter to Love magazine.
And in her free time she is in reality TV. Presumably only to see her sister Kourtney and their children.
Municipal law centres have 160,000 people per year
More than 160,000 of the Hilfsbedürfigsten of the country are dismissed annually by the municipal law centres, while the industry is looking at the effects of further budget cuts on already overloaded transactions.
In Queensland, three out of five people – mostly older persons, immigrants, vulnerable workers, victims of violence and those who have no means of unjust eviction and the like – are already dismissed in their application for free legal advice and legal assistance.
Legal services of the municipality, which are already over-utilized, are ready for further cuts.
From June next year, it is foreseen that these legal centres will lose another 30 percent of their federal funds.
The director of the Gemeindrechtszentren of Queesland James Farrell said that the last survey of the National Association of Community Law Centers revealed that thousands of people are already dismissed every year.
Farrell said the situation would only get worse without a resolution of the federal government.
"Queensland's Community law centers are chronically underfunded, which means that thousands of people are dismissed from important services they need," he said.
People who leave violent relationships people with unmanageable and oppressive debts, families going through separations, workers who have been unfairly dismissed--all these people have legal problems and this survey shows that they can't get the help they need.
The federal government will cut the funds by 30 percent from June 2017, which means that thousands of hilsbedürftigeren people from Queensland will be forced to cope with their legal problems without any help.
We call on the general attorney and federal designated, as well as senators from Queensland George Brandis, to lift these funds immediately, so that people can get the help they need in case of legal problems.
Last year, the state Government fulfilled its pledge to raise funds for legal aid to the national average.
It is now time to look at the needs of Community law centres and their customer communities, and that the government of Palaszczuk invests in this important work.
Donald Trump election campaign accused after employees allegedly pulled gun
NEW York: Donald Trump's campaign has been accused of alleged inaction after it was told that its campaign leader for North Carolina in February had a firearm on an employee while they were on a jeep in February.
The incident is described in a indictment filed on Wednesday in the Charlotte court by Vincent Bordini, a former software programmer for the campaign in this state.
Bordini stated that he had waited for months for the matter to be settled internally before realizing that "this would not happen."
The campaign leader, Earl Philip, "pulled a pistol, put his right forefinger on the trigger, and rammed the barrel into Vincent's knee," Bordini in his indictment.
After complaining to the local and regional campaign management, Bordini noted that at least four other people had already made the same experience with Phillip, he stated in the indictment.
"Weapons don't have to be fired to inflict damage," Bordini said.
The indictment comes only two days after the Republican presidential candidate triggered a riot, when he told a crowd in North Carolina that the "Second Amendment people" firearms owners and gun friends should take action in case his rival Hillary Clinton should be elected and appoint judges.
Trump's campaign made it clear that the media had torn his words out of context and that he would not incite violence.
Bordinis complaint requires compensation from the campaign for the violation of the duty of care and Philip for bodily injury and permanent psychological damage.
Trump's press spokeswoman Hope Hicks was unable to reach for an opinion.
Attempts to contact Philip failed as well.
WCCB, a local news channel in Charlotte, reports that Phillip is no longer a campaign member.
He did not respond to calls from his consulting firm, innovative consulting services.
The Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has so far led a controversial campaign.
The procedure is Bordini v. Donald J. Trump for President Inc., 16-CS-14300, Supreme Court, County of Mecklenburg (Charlotte).
Berlin/Schwerin: poll before country elections: SPD and CDU lose
In the forthcoming elections in the federal states of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern (September 4) and Berlin (September 18), significant losses for the SPD and CDU government parties are looming.
This resulted in representative surveys of the research Institut INSA for the "Bild" newspaper (Friday).
While the red-black government coalition could continue to rule in the north, this is not possible according to the survey values in Berlin.
In both federal states, the SPD would be the strongest party and would have a good chance of continuing to be the head of government.
In Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, the SPD fell from 35.6 percent five years ago to 24 percent.
According to the survey, the party would be just barely in front of the CDU, which could come back to 23 percent.
The third place is controversial between the left and the AfD.
The left would be 19 percent (previously 18.4 percent), the AfD would be represented at 19 percent for the first time in the Landtag.
Despite slight losses of 6 percent (previously 8.7 percent), the green would returned to the Schwerin Landtag.
NPD and FDP would not be represented in the Landtag with 3 percent each.
According to the poll, the SPD of the Berlin House of Deputies would only be 23 percent (election 2011:28.3 percent).
The CDU reached only 18 percent after 23.4 percent.
It was still behind the Greens with 19 percent (2011:17.6 percent), but ahead of the left with 15 percent (previously 11.7 percent).
The AfD would be represented in the House of Deputies for the first time at 14 percent.
With 5 percent, the FDP could hope for a return, but the Pirates would miss the entry in 2011.
Nokia 9000 Communicator: the first smartphone
E-mail and Internet in slow motion: The Nokia Communicator came to market 20 years ago.
The successors dominate the world today-its manufacturer experienced a disaster.
The device weighed nearly half a kilogram and was more than four times as heavy as an iphone 5.
It was thicker and bigger, so it was not good in the hand either.
On the contrary, it was quite clunky.
The built-in memory was initially eight megabytes, which would be enough today for about two high resolution selfies.
An iphone is now delivered at least 16 gigabytes.
The "Nokia 9000 Communicator" arrived exactly 20 years ago, on August 15th, 1996, in the shops-and it was the first smartphone.
For a few euros, lovers can still buy the equipment on the Internet, but they somehow come from the Stone Age of the internet age.
Twenty years ago, however, the communicator was a sensation.
The Finnish mobile phone manufacturer had announced the product a few months earlier at the computer fair CeBIT in Hanover as "office in the West pocket-sized".
In fact, the new mobile phone could be used for then standards a lot: SMS and emails could be sent and received, even by fax the Communicator was reachable.
Even access to Web pages was possible via HTML browser, albeit excruciatingly slow.
A calculator was available, a digital address book and an electronic calendar.
There was a small antenna, and the phone could be opened up similar to a laptop.
Then found a small keyboard and a black and white screen.
The price was quite proud: 2700 D-mark, i.e. about 1400 euros.
The average selling price of a smartphone in Germany was 392 euros in 2015.
No one could have guessed in August 1996 that the Communicator would be the beginning of the smartphone era.
Everything has changed since then.
The smart phones are a success story, albeit not for Nokia.
The Finns ' cell phone division experienced an unprecedented disaster, was eventually sold to Microsoft and settled.
Today the market is dominated by vendors who all came much later than Nokia.
Be online anytime and anywhere, this is today for a lot of people everyday.
In 2015, there were nearly two billion smartphone users worldwide.
About 1.4 billion units were sold, with Samsung and Apple alone 555 million.
Worldwide sales of the equipment are around 400 billion euros.
In addition, there are the well-running businesses of the countless app providers and telecommunications companies.
A whole industry has been created around the smartphone.
The decisive breakthrough to the mass market came only in early 2007, then Apple boss Steve Jobs announced on the Mac world the introduction of the iphone.
He promised three devices in one: a music player, a phone and an internet communicator, all by touch screen easy to use.
The triumph of Apple began, even today, the iphone is the group's most important product.
Nokia, Motorola and BlackBerry, who dominated the market, had a look.
They eventually disappeared, BlackBerry has to fight.
The saying now have Apple and Asian vendors like Samsung.
The smartphone is a matter of course 20 years after its invention.
On average, every German now looks to his mobile phone 88 times a day.
"We all have to learn how to put the smartphone to the point," said Janina Ball, who is in charge of the Siemens Board of Management for personnel.
Permanent accessibility is now regarded as a curse and a blessing.
England must steer the Olympic spirit and expand Heathrow
Heathrow will bring renewal and prosperity not only in our local communities and throughout London, but throughout the country.
For me, this was the biggest attraction in Heathrow, just as it was in London in 2012, when we were doing a great effort to make sure that all our nations and regions benefited from the games.
The Olympics brought great benefits for Stratford and the East End.
And that will be achieved again by creating new opportunities for local residents and companies near Heathrow.
For our local communities, we will already have 10,000 new apprenticeships, 40,000 new jobs, and put an end to youth unemployment in the airport environment.
Just as you were ahead of us in London in 2012, there will be those who will think that the challenge of expanding Heathrow is too great.
I was told that England will never be ready for the games and that we will be embarrassed on the world stage.
The doubters were wrong in 2012 and they will also be mistaken at Heathrow.
There are always obstacles to overcome, but Heathrow answers each question asked.
Like the Olympic Games, Heathrow is for many and not for individual an infrastructure project.
Expansion is a way to create up to 180,000 new jobs, £211 billion in witschaftlichem growth and a legacy of skills and employment both to leave the airport as well as all over the UK.
We have a great team at Heathrow, which has implemented a £11 billion expensive infrastructure investment programme in time and budget, from the T5, which was voted the world's best airport terminal for five consecutive years, to the T2 built in the midst of the world's two busiest catwalks.
Now you are ready to deliver a third catwalk, which is supported by £16 billion in private investment.
The London Games of 2012 were a great success for UK and I am confident that the expansion of Heathrow will also be one.
It is time for us to steer this Olympic spirit and to expand Heathrow, thereby securing our future trade and creating a legacy of skills and employment that England can be proud of.
Lord Paul Deighton is chairman of the Heathrow board and former commercial secretary to the Treasury
Adblock Plus, Facebook in "Cat and mouse" with regard to ad blocking
For companies that earn money with online advertising, one of the software manufacturers is trying to circumvent ad blocking, a "cat and mouse" match.
On Thursday, just two days after Facebook announced that it would block ad blocking on its desktop site, Adblock Plus released a blogpost that told users could update their filters in the program to block re-advertising on the social network.
On Tuesday, Facebook informed him that his desktop page would change the encoding of his ads to make it more difficult to detect what part of the advertising page it is viewing blocking.
But Adblock announced that it has found a new way to circumvent the new codes.
In a blogpost, the spokesman for Adblock Ben Williams wrote, that "this kind of back-and-forth struggle between the ad blocking open source community and the outsiders has already been underway since the invention of ad blockaders," and that it is possible that Facebook will soon come up with a new solution.
The fact that the world's largest social media company has been put into combat is a strong indication of how worrying ad blocker have become for the industry.
Worldwide, according to a study from last year by Pagefair and Adobe, around 200 million people use ad blocker; Almost four times as much 2013.
With 1.03 billion daily active users accessing Facebook through their mobile devices, mobile advertising accounts for 84 percent of Facebook's advertising revenue.
The company has it on ads blocker on desktop PCs aside, since mobile ads blocker have no effect on Facebook's mobile app for the social Network and Instagram, a spokesman shared with.
Advertising on desktop PCs accounts for a sufficient amount of revenue, so Facebook seems to be worth the investment of such a step.
On Tuesday, Facebook shared that it would update its "Anzeigenpräferenzentool" to have more control over people's targeted advertising.
On Thursday, Facebook claimed that Adblock's new filters were worrying because they would also block content on the site that is not advertising.
"For users, this is not a positive experience, so we plan to address the problem," a spokesperson from Facebook shared in an email message.
Ad blocker are a blunt means, which is why we instead focused on developer tools like ad preferences to put more control in people's hands.
Woman in presumed suicide on Swiss highway run over
The victim was in the middle of the night on the highway.
The police call witnesses after a woman was run over in the early hours of the morning on Thursday in a presumed suicide of several vehicles on a highway.
The incident occurred on the A1 near Morges in the canton of Vaud shortly after midnight.
A woman put herself in the dark "in an act of despair" on the street and were hit by several cars, the police said in Vaud.
It is obvious that a Swiss, at the age of 49 years, who was run over by several vehicles, including a truck, wanted to kill herself.
She died on the ground.
Several drivers have already been heard, but some have still not been identified, said the police, who ask them and any witness of the incident to report.
A preliminary investigation was opened, which is a "logical" step in such a situation, shared Gilles Hofstetter with the Le Tribune de Geneve.
However, it remains to be seen whether one of the drivers will be displayed.
Was a collision avoidable?
This is something the prosecutor must decide, "said Hofstetter.
Two similar cases over the last five years show that drivers are not being held accountable.
In each of the two cases-in which a person ran in the dark on the highway-it was decided that the motorists would not have to assume that a pedestrian in the middle of the night runs on the highway, as was said in the newspaper.
Last year, a police officer of the negligent killing was acquitted after she had run over and killed a man who was in August 2014 one night on the A1 near Payerne.
The 22-year-old victim had drunk and became unconscious on the street, heard the court.
The court found that the policeman--who had responded to an emergency--drove in a justifiable way, and that the presence of a man on the street was a "perfectly extraordinary and unpredictable situation," said the judge.
Anyone who has further information on the incident on Thursday near Morges should report to the police under the number 021 644 83 46 or 021 644 44 44.
NASA climate model: Venus was once livable
According to the projections of a new NASA climate model, Venus was probably once livable.
Scientists at the Goddard Institute for Space Studies of NASA developed a model to discover the past of Venus using tools and algorithms similar to those of climate researchers.
The model was designed to determine whether Venus, with its hot, waterless surface and CO2-dense atmosphere, could once have shown Earth-like conditions.
Scientists have previously suggest that the slow rotation of Venus could be explained by its dense atmosphere.
But the latest simulation suggests that Venus could have had a thin, earth-like atmosphere and still slowly turned on.
The model also illuminated the topography of early Venus.
The planet probably had more arid areas than the Earth, but once had enough water and geographical variability to accommodate life and protect it from rapid evaporation.
Early Venus also benefited from a sun that was 30 percent matter.
"In the GISS model simulation, the slow rotation of Venus exposed their day-side of the sun for almost two months," explained Giss scientist Anthony del Genio in a press release.
This heats up the surface and produces rain, which creates a thick layer of clouds, which acts like an umbrella to shield the surface from much of the sun's warmth.
The result are average temperatures that are some degrees cooler than those of the Earth today.
The model produced a history of Venus similar to the evolution that was previously suspected by planetary scientists.
Although it was once presumably habitable, Venus--over several billion years--was exposed to too much heat and ultraviolet light.
Their oceans evaporated and their water vapor was burned away by the ultraviolet light.
When their hydrogen escaped, only a thick atmosphere of carbon dioxide with a deadly greenhouse effect was left behind--the Venus that we know today.
The researchers shared the results of their new Venus climate model in the Geophysical Research Letters.
Patrick Roy resigns as coach of the Avalanche
Patrick Roy resigned on Thursday as a coach and vice president of hockey operations of the Colorado Avalanche and led a too small co-determination right to the team's decision-making process.
Alternative president/General manager of Colorado's Joe Sakic confirmed this decision and noted that the club will immediately look for a new coach.
"For the past three years, I have fulfilled my duties as head coach and vice president of hockey operations of the Colorado Avalanche with energy, passion and determinedness," commented the 50-year-old Roy in an opinion.
Over the course of the summer, I've been thinking long and much about how I could improve this team to give it more depth, need it, and bring it to a higher level.
To achieve this, the trainer's vision and vice president of hockey operations must be perfectly aligned to that of the organization.
It must also have a right of co-determination in decisions that affect the performance of the team.
These conditions are not met at the moment.
Sakic, who had hired Roy on May 23, 2013, thanked him for his contributions to the team.
"Patrick has informed me of this decision today," said Sakic.
We all appreciate what he has done for our Organization and wish him the best for the future.
Roy was awarded the best coach of the league during his debut season at the Avalanches 2013-14 as the winner of the Jack Adams Award.
He led the club to 112 points and to the first place in the central vision, but Colorado was beaten in the first round of the playoffs of Minnesota and missed in each of the last two years of the post season.
The avalanches recorded a 39-39-4 mark in the 2015-16 season and dropped five points behind the game for a second wildcard spot in the Western Conference.
As a hall of Fame goalkeeper, Roy won four Stanley Cups--two pieces with the Montreal Canadiens and the Avalanche.
Nordeseeölarbeiter take up talks again, put strike out
The labour disputes regarding remuneration for oil workers are being suspended, while all parties to the conflict are at the table for a new round of talks, said negotiators.
Strikes against the oil field Service provider Wood Group were sporadically carried out on platforms in the North Sea operated by Royal Dutch Shell.
"Wood Group as well as the Unite and RMT unions can confirm that we have agreed to relaunch the settlement process of the current dispute," it says in a common statement.
We will be holding a few full-day sessions in the next few weeks that will start early next year to tackle the problems anew.
The unions said that their last strike, which is the first in over 25 years, was a protest against possible wage cuts of up to 30 percent.
Wood Group has cut the rates of its contractors in the North Sea by around 9 percent this year due to negative market pressure.
The company's rate reduction follows a 10 percent drop for onshore contractors in 2014.
The company said that additional cutbacks give the company the space needed to get through the market downturn.
Shell has released for its part thousands of people and announced plans to abandon its oil and gas business activities in up to 10 countries as it streamlines its business activities as a result of its Megazusammenschlusses with the British energy company BG Group.
Energy companies are under pressure as a result of lower crude oil prices, an economic situation that has intensified as a result of the British decision to leave the European Union in June.
The Scottish Member of Parliament Dave Anderson met with workers ' leaders earlier this week to discuss one of the biggest labour disputes that have taken place in the North Sea since a generation.
The North Sea is important for the regional economy, he said.
"In the North Sea and throughout the country, we need an economy that works for many and not just for a few," he said in a statement.
In 2016, less than $1.4 billion in expenditure on new projects in the North Sea is expected to average around $7 billion in the last five years.
Kepler measures rotation rate of stars in the cluster of Pleiades
The latest mission with the Kepler space telescope has helped astronomers collect the most complete catalogue of rotation rates under the stars of the Pleiades cluster.
The new data helps astronomers understand why stars revolve in the cluster at different rates and in which context the rotation periods are related to the formation of planets.
"We hope that by comparing our results with other clusters of stars, we learn more about the relationship between the mass of a star, his age, and even the history of his solar system," said Luisa Rebull, a researcher at Caltech's Infrared processing and Analysis Center in Pasadena, in a press release.
The cluster of stars of the Pleiades is 445 light years away from Earth.
Many stars in this cluster of stars, which arose about 125 million years ago, now reach adulthood.
They're turning out the fastest.
At peak rotation rates, these ripening stars emit large amounts of stellar winds.
As these winds travel through the magnetic fields of the stars, they have a braking effect on the stars.
When a star ages, its rotation rate begins to slow down.
Kepler measures the rotation rate of each star by recognizing the time between the appearance of a recognizable star spot--such as sun spots.
The latest catalogue of rotation rates suggests that more massive stars turn slower than less massive stars.
Rebull compares the stars with dancers, with larger stars turning slower pirouettes than smaller ones.
"In the" ballet "of the Pleiades, we see that slow rotors tend to be more massive, whereas faster rotors tend to be very bright stars," Rebull said.
As the cluster of stars of the Pleiades is so close, it serves as an ideal cosmic laboratory to compare stellar qualities such as rotation rates.
"The cluster of stars of the Pleiades provides an anchor for theoretical models of stellar rotation in both directions, younger and older," said Rebull.
There is still much ahead of us about what we would like to know more about, how, when and why stars slow down their rotation rates and, so to speak, hang their "dance shoes".
And their colleagues have reported in detail in three newspaper reports about their latest analysis of the rotation rates of the Pleiades, which will soon appear in the Astronomical journal.
A controversial baseball star kicks off
The tears ran at Alex Rodriguez faster than the US baseball star in best days from base to base.
After his emotional resignation, the 41-year-old professional will wear the jersey of his New York Yankees for the last time on August 12th against the Tampa Bay Rays.
"I love this game and this team."
"I say goodbye to both," explained the 14-time All-Star Game participant of Major League Baseball (MLB).
Rodriguez was voted the most valuable player in the league, and in 2009 he won the World Series with the Yankees.
His signature under a ten-year contract has given him $27 million a year since 2007.
Until the end of the contract on December 31, 2017, he will act as a consultant and youth coach-with full salary.
As a player, Rodriguez paid back for a long time with performance.
With 696 home, 3114 hits and 2021 points for his teams ("runs") for the Seattle Mariners (1994 to 2000), the Texas Rangers (2001-2004) and since 2005 the Yankees he made some milestones.
With the hall-of-Fame members Hank Aaron and Willie Mays, only two other baseball players have similar values in the most important stats.
However, the 41-year-old should not be admitted to the Hall of Fame of baseball.
For so successful Rodriguez-nickname "A-Rod"-was on the field, so controversial is his appearance outside the place.
As early as 2009, the superstar at "ESPN" admitted to having banned steroids between 2001 and 2003.
In August 2013 he was banned for 211 games due to a involvement in the so-called Biogenesis scandal until the end of 2014.
Rodriguez is considered to have been the main suspect for years to receive performance-enhancing means through an anti-aging clinic in South Florida.
After a lawsuit, the lock was reduced to 162 encounters.
"The league could have done me a favor for 2014, because I've been playing for 20 years without a break," said Rodriguez at the time of smug.
Even his farewell days do not go silently.
While many baseball legends still get the big stage in their last games, Rodriguez often had to sit on the bench.
"My job doesn't include a farewell tour."
"My job involves trying to win every game," Etched Yankees coach Joe Girardi.
After all, Rodriguez, who was married to actress Cameron Diaz and said to the relationships with popstar Madonna and actress Kate Hudson, received sympathy from the fans of the Yankee Arch Boston Red Sox.
"We want A-rod", the followers sang at the 4:9 defeat against the Rodriguez team.
Olympia 2016: Chen Xinyi, Silwia Danekowa and Adrian Zielinski are first doping cases
Caught: Due to a positive doping test, weightlifter Adrian Zielinski from Poland in Rio can not start.
Rio DE JANEIRO-The 2016 Olympic Games are overshadowed by the first official doping cases.
A caught athlete almost won a medal.
Before the seventh day of the competition, the first official doping cases became known as the Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro.
The Chinese swimmer Chen Xinyi, 3000-metre obstacle runner Silwia Danekowa from Bulgaria and the Polish weightlifter Adrian Zielinski were positively tested and excluded in Brazil-immediately before the start of the already critically eyed athletics competitions, these news come to the untimely.
At Chen, the diuretic hydrochlorothiazide, which was used as a masking agent for doping substances, had already been proven last Sunday.
The International sports Court CAs confirmed their exclusion from the Olympic Games on Friday afternoon.
On Sunday the 18-year-old had occupied fourth place in the final over 100 m butterfly, only by 0.09 seconds she missed the bronze medal.
On Friday, Chen would have participated in the rounds over 50 m freestyle.
Chen has requested the opening of the B-probe and a hearing at the International Olympic Committee (IOC).
The National Association takes the matter "very seriously and demands full cooperation in the investigations", Xinhua quoted from a communication: "We will cooperate with the International Sports Court CAs and will accept the verdict".
For the first time in history, the IOC is no longer responsible for sanctioning athletes with positive cases.
Also the night of Rio leaked the news about the positive sample at Danekowa, the 33-year-old went into the offensive.
"I had three Tests, all negative, and my fourth Test was positive", this was "an incredible shock," she told the Bulgarian TV channel BNT.
She was innocent, "the only explanation could be dietary supplements," explained the athlete.
According to the report, the banned substance should be the blood doping agent EPO.
Danekowa was temporarily suspended, according to BNT, the B-sample should have been positive as well.
Bulgaria's Prime Minister, Boyko Borisov, immediately spoke to the athlete with criticism.
"I do not understand why the sportsmen do not draw the right conclusions," he said: "We Bulgarians are under observation, so many have already been excluded".
For example, all weightlifters from the chronically doping nation must not participate in Rio.
On Friday the case "Adrian Zielinski" was also known, the London Olympic champion in the class up to 85 kg was tested like his brother Tomasz three days previously positive on the anabolic steroid nandrolone.
Both deny the intake, but both are not allowed to start in the class up to 94 kg.
Before the start of the light athletes, the case of Danekowa is another serious blow to the reputation of the entire sport.
The IAAF World Association had banned the entire Russian team from launching, except for one exception due to systematic doping, even the runner nation Kenya produced numerous bad news in Rio.
In the sport of swimming, the earlier mispasses in China had also caused fierce clashes between the athletes.
The Frenchman Camille Lacourt attacked the Chinese Olympic champion Sun Yang harshly.
"Sun Yang pees purple."
"When I see the podium over 200 m freestyle, I want to surrender," said Lacourt on the French radio.
Sun was also at the heart of an engagement with Australian Mack Horton.
"I have no time and no respect for doping fraudsters," said this.
Sun had been tested positively for the stimulant Trimetazidin at the Chinese championships in 2014, but only had to sit for a three-month ban.
Steal: So perfidious blackmailing hackers their ransom
Programmers of blackmail malware are currently targeting companies-and are doing so successfully.
According to a recent survey of malware-defense specialists Malware bytes under 540 companies in North America, Great Britain and Germany, 40 percent of companies surveyed in the past twelve months have been at least once, sometimes multiple victims of an attack with Blackmailer software.
In Germany, almost 20 percent of companies were already aiming for ransomware blackmail.
40 percent of the victims readily paid the ransoms required by the perpetrators in order to be able to use the attacked systems and data again.
The perpetrators specialize their blackmail software according to the observations of malware bytes on attacks in corporate networks.
If they are successful there, the potentially blackmailing ransom will be significantly higher than for private users.
"We are currently witnessing a terrifying rapid evolution of malware," explains Malwarebytes boss Marcin Kleczynski talking to the "world".
In 2008 most malware programs were still designed to send advertisements.
Then the offenders discovered blackmail software for themselves.
Only private users were the target, but the change to company attacks took place in recent months frighteningly fast.
Ransomware works on a simple pattern: once active on a victim's computer, it searches for recently modified files such as Word, Excel or database files, as well as archives of images and videos.
These files encrypt the ransomware and permanently delete the originals.
The software then presents the demands of the blackmailers.
To get the Endschlüsselungs code to the files, the victims have to transfer money-usually in the form of Cryptowährung bitcoin.
However, where the personal photo database is at stake for private users, companies are sensitive customer data or project databases, without which the production stands still.
Accordingly, the damage is higher if a ransomware strikes.
22 percent of the German companies concerned reported sales losses by ransomware, 13 percent even had to interrupt the business altogether, in one case people were in danger of life.
In Germany, several hospitals have already been victims of attacks, whose patients may be acutely threatened by the loss of medical records.
"We always tell the victims: Don't pay, you only promote the problem," explains Kleczynski.
But 80 to 90 percent of companies that pay will get their data back.
It is difficult for managers to reject the claim of the perpetrators in the face of standstill in the company.
The hackers, in turn, know this and try everything to build a good reputation.
In a recent study, F-Secure's security researchers examined the user interfaces and contact with the blackmailers and came to the conclusion: the perpetrators are actually trying to build a kind of customer service to take more money.
They explain to their victims via chat how they can pay via Bitcoin, set up freely accessible support sites or decrypt free sample files.
And if private individuals are redeemed for a few hundred euros, companies will have to negotiate hard and pay five-digit sums to get their data back unencrypted.
With potentially high and relatively risk-free gains from ransomware blackmail, hackers are becoming more professional and sharing the work, explains security expert Chester Wisniewski from antivirus vendor Sophos: "A single person can write a ransomware circa within a week."
It is more probable, however, that these are three or four persons.
The programmers then sell their malware in the form of a software kit to the actual blackmailers.
The previous malware kits were created by buying the malware itself, consulting and additional tools for a one-time, fixed price between 1000 and 10,000 dollars.
"Included is a customization tool so that smaller configurations, appearance, and branding can be changed," says Wisniewski.
The blackmailers then seek out other hackers to spread the freshly purchased software among the victims.
We live in a service economy.
So one logs into one of the forums underground, buys the set from a criminal and commissions another to install the software on as many PCs as possible.
Payment is made per infected computer.
"The criminals usually commission spammers with the spread," explains Wisniewski.
The risk of ransomware is now known to many companies who are better at securing their data.
More than 50 percent of corporate IT executives in the malware bytes survey rely on the ability to defend ransomware with file back-ups and scanner software.
Accordingly, the perpetrators are already pursuing new strategies.
"If encrypting data alone is not a sufficient threat to successful Erpessung, the perpetrators will instead threaten to release sensitive data such as customer lists or pricing," explains malware byte boss Marcin Kleczynski.
This means that the damage potential is much higher than before, depending on the type of data.
In future, the perpetrators could also take completely new targets on the internet of things.
At the hacker conference DEFCON, security researchers demonstrated how to get control of a thermostat connected to the Internet.
In the middle of winter, the activation of such a blocked heater could well be worth a ransom for many victims.
If, instead of heating, the perpetrators block an entire production line in a factory in the future, ransomware could also become an issue in Industry 4.0.
One for all cases
Honda HR-V is flexible and suitable for everyday use
In the small HR-V Honda wants to pack everything: a little SUV, a little coupe and even the versatility of a minivan.
Sounds rather cluttered, but the HR-V, which was constructed on the same new platform as the new jazz, actually proves to be extremely flexible in everyday life.
Although the only 1.60 m high hr-V is rather small, the passengers have a lot of space in the front row as well as in the rear, it does not work closely at any point.
The materials of the interior are well processed and work pleasantly, only the cockpit top falls off.
The HR-V is more versatile than comparable vehicles in storage space.
There is not only a trunk of 453 l at raised and 1026 L with folded backs available, but there are the "magic seats".
This is less magical than it sounds: the seat surfaces of the back bench can be folded up like a movie chair and thus offer storage space that is up to the ceiling 1.24 metres high.
The trunk can be loaded well, but the height with 650 mm is slightly higher than the comparable Peugeot 2008.
The tested 1.6-L-diesel with 88 kw/120 HP speeds up the HR-V very powerfully thanks to the torque of up to 300 nm in wide speed ranges.
However, he should do his job a little more quietly.
The daily consumption of 4.7 L/100 km is pleasing.
There is another motorization: a 1.5-litre petrol engine with 96 kw/130 hp.
A four-wheel drive is not offered.
The driving behavior is balanced, a good compromise between dynamism and comfort.
But the steering should be a little more direct.
The equipment in the tested top variant "executive" leaves nothing to be desired.
The security systems include the city-emergency assistant (works up to Tempo 32), the collision warning system and the tracking assistant.
The collision detector sometimes irritates because it evaluates many obstacles as "approaching objects" when shunting.
The remote lighting Assistant works very reliably.
And the intelligent tempo control responds to the traffic signs detection and throttles, if required, the speed.
The full connectivity is only available for the top equipment: 7-inch touchscreen, Navi, app integration and more.
Two usb and one HDMI jacks are located under the armrest and are therefore somewhat awkward to reach.
The approximately 29000 euros for the well-equipped top diesel are fine.
Those who do not want to invest so much will receive the petrol from 20000 euros, the diesel from 23000 euros.
The engines meet the Euro 6 standard.
With the HR-V Honda offers a versatile and everyday suitable car.
Airline is not liable: crash on passenger bridge
An airline is not liable for the fall of a passenger in the passenger bridge.
Because a liability is only possible for dangers that are typical for air transport, the higher Regional Court of Düsseldorf (AZ.: 18 u 124/14) argued.
The plaintiff had broken a kneecap at the fall.
However, the accident could have happened everywhere-it was a general risk of life, the court said.
The airline did not have to pay the man any damages.
Case of sickness: when does the organizer pay
Sick holidaymakers will only get money back after their trip if the cause of the disease is undoubtedly found in the hotel.
This is only the case if more than ten percent of the guests have proven to exhibit the same symptoms.
In the negotiated case, a family on the second day of their Türkeiurlaubs was severely affected by diarrhea and vomiting.
She spent almost the entire holiday in the room.
Their illness caused the holidaymaker to return to a defective sewage treatment plant, which supposedly polluted the sea water.
The family felt that the trip had been deficient-and complained to the organizer.
The plaintiffs had no success in court.
The sewage treatment plant was indeed defective.
But the organizer only learned about it shortly before the plaintiff's departure.
Until then, he had to assume that the sea water was in order.
He did not violate his information duties, he said.
Since no impurities have been found in the samples of the water.
The disease of several hotel guests-possibly due to contagion among themselves-belong to the general life risk.
Of 691 guests were only 38 ill.
De Maizière said that after the violence perpetrated by refugees in Würzburg and Ansbach in July, many people were worried about further attacks.
The State must act prudently and resolutely at the same time to respond to terrorist threats.
Surely, our country will not answer the violence of the perpetrators with hatred and division.
We will not grant this triumph to the terrorists.
However, if offenders had to leave the country sooner, the security and strength also increased the public's consent to the refugee policy.
De Maizière wants to achieve the implementation of the proposals until the federal election of 2017.
He also announced a further personnel strengthening of the security forces, namely "in a medium four-digit order over several years".
Sympathy advertising for terrorism must again be punished.
Video surveillance is to be improved, the gun law is amended so that, above all, the purchase of weapons on the internet is complicated.
The last much discussed silence obligation for doctors is to be maintained according to de maizières words.
However, in a dialogue with the medical profession, he wants to find solutions to how to reduce the vulnerability of citizens, he said with regard to psychic abnormalities.
In order to counteract the radicalisation of refugees, the Minister considers that better social care is necessary.
Teachers should be better prepared to deal with traumatized people.
To prosecute criminals in special areas of the Internet (darknet), de Maizière plans to use concealed investigators.
SPD chief Gabriel said: "The SPD is ready to talk about everything, which helps to increase security further".
It is important that the interior Minister clearly spoke out against Actionism.
"That was a slap for the sharpeners in the CDU/CSU," said Gabriel to the newspapers of the Funk Media Group (Friday).
De Maizière had previously rejected calls from the union after a burka ban and the abolition of dual nationality.
A general ban on full obfuscation is problematic for constitutional law.
You cannot forbid everything you reject, and I reject wearing the burqa.
We can talk about rules, for example, in road traffic or for witnesses in court.
Green boss Simone Peter accused the minister of trying to simulate energy and ability to act with ever-new anti-terrorist packages.
Left-party chief Bernd Riexinger said: "Fleet Proverbs and a tightening of the right of residence do not bring more security to people in this country".
Better traffic flow on the highway feeder
It regularly jams on the ring road-here is a picture of November.
But this should change: the legal lane should be extended.
This is good news for all drivers who are in traffic jams on the road every night when they drive through the motorway feeder (a 43).
The state-run road construction extends on the next Tuesday and Wednesday (16/17 August) in the area between the hammer road and the exit Wesel Straße the right turn lane by 700 meters.
Drivers can then directly thread right from the hammer road.
The big advantage: the traffic is divided more early, which improves the overall flow on the busy section of the federal Road 51.
The idea with the extended exit was the CDU group in the district representation Münster-West.
The road narrowing on the feeder annoys the drivers especially between 17 and 19 o'clock.
On weekdays, the backlog reaches the bridge over the Albersloher path and sometimes beyond.
Reason is the needle on the B 51 just before the exit Wesel Straße.
From here the traffic is only single via the motorway bridge.
The second track had to be built back well three years ago.
The reason: Static calculations had shown that the bridge no longer possesses the required load capacity, in particular to take two lanes of heavy traffic.
How long this bottleneck and the associated work will last a daily congestion can not be said by the competent State company.
However, it is to be reckoned with years: because the bridge has an official residual useful life until the year 2034.
For the extension of the legal Lane, the national company deliberately chose the less favourable time during the school holidays because of the difficulties with disabilities.
The traffic is passed on Tuesday and Wednesday single at the construction site.
Intercultural travel: Cultural offers for schools
The international class of the Forest school visited the play "The Invisible House".
The association Nima's and the young theatre are now planning a music project.
Nima's Association enables young people with a migration and refugee background to visit cultural institutions in Münster.
The "Class international" of the Forest school children's House has visited an idea of the award-winning piece "The Invisible House" of the Young theatre Münster.
In the context of the "Intercultural Journey" initiated by the Verein Nima, 19 students between eleven and fifteen attended the staging in the small house.
Since the beginning of the year, the association, which has set itself the goal of cultural integration of young people with migration and refugee backgrounds, offers schools with welcome classes the opportunity to visit cultural institutions in Münster within the framework of this project.
Most of the class's youngsters came to Münster between September 2015 and March 2016, among others from Afghanistan, Iran, Serbia and Syria, and spoke little German.
Thanks to the choreography, the scenic pictures and video animations, you have been able to follow the course of action, according to the press release of the Young Theatre Münster.
The association Nima's, founded by Dr. Tannaz Westerberg from Sprakel, and the Young Theatre will work together in the upcoming season as part of a musical theatre project.
From October to December, young people with and without an escape and migration background between 14 and 20 years will be given the opportunity to attend professionally guided courses in the fields of singing, dancing, acting and music.
Offers for children and families in the area of theatre play and theatrical language teaching are in the planning stage.
The project "Intercultural Travel" continues.
In view of the increased number of refugees, the association expects many classes that want to participate.
Rain instead of shooting stars: Hope for weather improvement
The weather has made the star-shooting peepers in the southwest of Germany on the night of Friday a stroke through the bill-but there is still hope.
The night was ill-suited for clouds and rain to observe the spectacle of the sky, said the chairman of the Observatory Welzheim, Hans-Ulrich Keller, on Friday morning.
Our hope is on the night of Saturday.
The weather is supposed to be good, then we certainly see many shooting stars in the sky.
The star scales are Perseids, which belong to the fastest shooting stars at 216000 kilometers per hour.
They have their name because they appear to come from the constellation Perseus, which is emerging in the northeast.
RESTful night: Tips for sleeping disorders
In the evening you roll around forever, at night you are awake for hours, and in the morning it is already far before the then to think of sleep.
This is anything but restful.
After all, one is with such problems in good company: According to the Robert Koch Institute has about a quarter of adults sleep disorders and more than ten percent feel their sleep often or permanently as not relaxing.
How do sleep problems or sleep disorders manifest?
There are several forms of sleep disorders, and they can be based on a variety of causes, stresses Hans-Günter Weeß, board member of the German Society for Sleep Research and sleep medicine.
What one understands by land, however, is the insomnia, i.e. a sleep disorder.
In particular, many people feel that sleep is unsatisfactory or inadequate, says Jens Wagonman, member of the Board of the German House association with practice in the Lower Saxon Varel.
What is behind insomnia?
The causes of sleep disturbances are complex.
This may include organic, psychological or behavioral factors, but also medications.
Often the sleep disorder is the expression of another disorder.
"Waking up very early is particularly common in a depression," says Weeß.
And it may be that different factors cause each other.
Those who have a herniated disc, for example, can lie badly, wake up every two to three hours, and may start brooding over everyday problems and worries, Weeß gives an example.
This leads to tension, and sleep is no longer possible.
When should you go to a doctor with insomnia?
Those who do not sleep well over a period of one month in at least three nights per week and are impaired during the day should go to the doctor, advises Weeß.
The impairment can look quite different: one is beaten, tired, tired, has difficulty with attention and concentration, is slightly irritable, has mood swings or physical discomfort such as stomach or headache.
To alleviate the sleep disorder, it is important to find out their causes.
Treatment options include, among other things, behavioural changes, cognitive behavioral therapy or even medications-classic sleeping pills only in exceptional cases and at most for two weeks.
In Germany, there are hardly any sleep physicians in the country, stresses Prof. Ingo Fan, head of the Interdisciplinary Sleep Medical Center of the Charité University medicine Berlin.
Therefore, in case of sleep problems you should first contact the family doctor, advises Weeß.
This can be investigated to determine whether the problems have a physical cause.
Who should go to the sleep lab, and what happens?
For examination in the Sleep laboratory, for example, doctors advise on snoring with breathing dropouts, in case of morbid daytime fatigue, in sleep transformers or if one does not find the cause of a sleep disorder, explains fan.
You don't really have to prepare for the investigation.
You should spend your day normally.
"Only please don't make a nap," says fan.
After wiring, you go to bed at its normal time.
In addition to the electrodes on the body, you wear a pair of nose glasses, a chest strap and a finger sensor.
In addition, a camera on the ceiling draws the sleeping end.
How can affected people handle the problems?
There are quite a few set screws on which you can fix for a better sleep.
Weeß counts on: regular sleep and rise times, not too long in bed, do not sleep on the day, do not watch TV to fall asleep, avoid alcohol and do not watch at night-then you start to expect immediately, and that is not conducive at all.
What the jungle camp has to do with missing medals in swimming
The former German swimmer Markus Deibler has commented on Facebook to the disappointing performance of the DSV team at Olympis.
In December 2014, he had brought gold for the first time at the world Championships in Doha, and at the same time he set his record at the beginning.
Now, the former DSV athlete Markus Deibler has put himself in front of his critical ex-teammates on Facebook protecting himself.
"In a country where an Olympic champion gets €20,000 bonus and a jungle king €150,000 should not wonder about missing medals," wrote the 26-year-old at night to Friday on his Facebook page.
The conveyor system in swimming is bad, but the doping controls are very good.
This does not allow us to compete with countries that promote very much and do not look at or even operate on doping.
"I am not saying that the controls should be discontinued here," he explained.
If he wanted to start a comeback, Deibler would have already been reported nine months before his first start of the National Anti-Doping Agency Germany (NADA).
This is exactly the way to keep it with countries.
"Those who cannot be controlled by independent controllers of WADA/FINA for a certain amount of time before WM/OS may not participate", demands the Hamburg-based election, which now operates an ice cream parlor.
Airport: Gang of luggage thieves arrested
Professional thieves at Düsseldorf airport
Civil investigators of the Düsseldorf police succeeded on Thursday the arrest of two women and two men between the ages of 50 and 61 years.
The suspects had committed several bags and luggage thefts as a gang.
At about 9.30 p.m. civilian officials in the Düsseldorf airport again recognized a gang known to the policemen from past theft offences.
The two women and two men had committed several offences since mid-July of this year and had been involved in a collaborative, work-related and particularly professional manner.
The specialists of the criminal Commissioner 34 can prove the thieves, who were specially entered for committing crimes to Germany, four acts.
They had captured a total of over 15,000 euros.
Old buildings, a few linden trees, in between a remnant of cobblestones: The Riga Street in Berlin-Friedrichshain does not look like this at first sight, but the police are one of the "dangerous places" of the city.
Walking down the street from east to west, you will pass by playgrounds, a freshly painted kindergarten and a grocery store.
Someone sprayed "ugly!" on the façade of a grey house.
Opposite of a Lidl, which is to be demolished soon, is already built: by 2017 a house with high windows and 133 new rented apartments will be created.
Articles about this "trendy district", as the responsible real estate company Friedrichshain calls, are, however, in the last weeks preferably illustrated with burning cars.
The reason is the house with the number 94: once it was occupied, meanwhile the residents have lease agreements, but on the ground floor are still occupied rooms and are used for events.
Since the beginning of the year, Berlin's senator Henkel, in particular, had repeatedly spoken out for a crackdown on the project by the police, the area as a "no-go zone" for police officers and the 94 as the starting point of autonomous violence.
On the 22nd of June, the rooms on the ground floor, the Kadterschmiede, with 300 police officers had been vacated, patrolled the police for three weeks, according to official statements, with 30 to 40 officials and three team wagons on site, blocked parts of the road and stopped visitors from entering the house with the number 94.
Meanwhile, construction workers refurbished the rooms on behalf of the unknown homeowners.
On July 13th, a Berlin administrative court ruled that the eviction had been illegal, and a day later, police and construction workers withdrew under the cheers of sympathizers and residents.
This summer afternoon the road is peaceful: Parents walk with children, people sit on the sidewalk in front of the houses in the Sun, others entertain themselves before late.
In the immediate vicinity of the house projects there is a primary school and kindergartens.
Left-wing violence is not the main concern of many local residents: Kerstin Neugebauer, who has been living in the neighbourhood since 1999, and Jana *, which draws three children, are mainly annoyed by the police presence.
With the residents of the house projects they share the concern about rising rents and gentrification.
It does not sound like a neighborhood that has a majority wished for police protection from Vandalierenden left.
The ditch that the Berlin Interior senator and the police open between squatters and their neighbors does not seem to exist.
Friedrichshain in the east of Berlin was actually a traditional working-class district, which also today has a low average income and high risk of poverty compared to the rest of the city.
House occupations and the resulting housing projects have long been part of the neighbourhood: in 1990, numerous houses were occupied in the former GDR, including almost the entire Mainzer Strasse near the Rigaer.
While the mainzers had been evacuated under great police command in a regular street battle, many of the projects were legalized in the Rigas and are still inhabited by the people they had occupied 26 years ago.
At the same time, the district has increasingly become a magnet for tourists and the choice of Berliners from all over the world in recent years: with them, residents from GDR times and former squatters now share their neighborhoods.
This is also noticeable in the rents, which have risen by almost 60 percent in the case of newcomers since 2009.
Many of the new buildings in Riga are being attacked as symbols for this development: they can be seen on the rolled-up discs or freshly painted facades that have been pelteded with color bags.
No other street was mentioned this year so often along with the words "left-autonomous violence".
One reason why not all neighbors see this as a problem might be that they are not necessarily affected by crime: crimes such as bodily injury are almost exclusively directed against policemen.
Most of the offences are subject to damage that tends to hit new buildings and newly renovated houses.
For Kerstin Neugebauer, who has been living in a tenement house next to the controversial 94 for 17 years, there can be no question of uncertainty.
As for acts of violence, it is appeasing: the people in the 94 are their neighbors, they certainly have not been.
Even the famous burning cars have been out of the rigaer for a long time.
For the architect studied her street is not a criminal focal point, on the contrary: "Here one helps one another, lives together on the street and gets more from each other, than elsewhere".
Neugebauer was deliberately dragged into the Riga road-and remained.
That's why it was so important to her that residents get back their streets: From the police, politics and the media, who all of a sudden claimed the sovereignty over the district in July.
But in the eyes of residents like Neugebauer, the road continues to be taken away from them: through faceless new buildings in former construction gaps that displace the old inhabitants.
"These are, after all, condos that are not interesting for many here-people who are not so well-heeled," she says.
"I absolutely cannot tolerate violence and destruction."
But what do you do if someone never listens?
There is frustration on all sides, including the police and the residents.
For those who are annoyed by color bombs, Kerstin Neugebauer has little understanding: the House projects and the left scene belonged to the neighbourhood.
Those who move here should be aware of this-just like someone who pulls into a pub district, can complain about noise there badly.
All people presented with first names have asked not to be named with their proper name
Urbach: Annika Deuschle is new refugee commissioner
Annika Deuschle is the contact person for integration and organizer.
She is also a social worker on the spot.
Since July, Annika Deuschle has been the refugee commissioner for Urbach.
The social pedagogue supports the team of the administration around Achim Grockenberger.
She sees herself as a contact person for all actors: refugees, the Working Group refugee Assistance, administration, authorities and who else is involved.
Regine's client from the Working Group suggests that the volunteers are more than thankful that Deuschle is now there, the egg legend woolly trades, which has above all a problem.
For example, some-less taunting than the multitude of desired areas of activity-meant that the administration wanted to write out the job.
An administrative assistant was sought with a talent for languages and people, coupled with many years of experience in the field of social work, just a egg legend wool trades.
But administrative work is not her central area, says Annika Deuschle.
Above all, it is about organizing, working with the local people and also behind the scenes as well as networking.
The 31-year-old has been around for six weeks.
It has a 50-percent position on a three-year term.
"It was high time," says Regine customer, that Annika Deuschle supports honorary and major players.
There are big and small problems, organizational, human and communication problems.
Soon new containers will be in Wasen Street
A serious problem has been for some time now to find housing for the Port refugees who have been recognized.
Local authorities are responsible for connecting accommodation.
They must accommodate the refugees in their own or rented living spaces.
The costs of building, renting or renovating these accommodations must be borne by the municipalities themselves.
The responsibility changes from the District council to the municipality and job.
Problem: There are free objects, but not every landlord wants to offer his apartment.
The search has been very difficult for some time.
In fact, the administration does not find private apartments.
So far, it is not functioning, but it is dependent on private housing, according to Deuschle.
Therefore, municipal apartments have to be strengthened, as it is so beautiful.
So new containers are soon set up in Wasen Street.
But only with apartments it is not done.
Perspective is the keyword, Regine's customer and Annika Deuschle agree.
In addition to a firm stay, there are internships, training places, school places, one-euro jobs and temporary work for refugees and migrants who need to be found or established.
"More places would be good," reports Regine customer.
Many work in the yard or help janitors, do charitable work-and that is motivated and very tidy, as Annika Deuschle reports.
It hopes that the work for the community will lead to a positive external impact.
That is "no employment therapy".
Activity does not mean only work.
The day need a solid structure, say Deuschle and customer.
People would have to develop a sense of belonging.
So you need offers like sports, contacts with locals and especially language courses.
Professional courses are rare.
So here, too, administration and volunteering.
It is central that the refugees get the feeling that they are welcome and welcomed in Germany.
The long duration of the proceedings is a problem.
They need to explain to the refugees that it is just taking time and that they can make a meaningful bridge, for example with language courses.
Anyone who eventually develops the feeling that he cannot help anyone in Urbach should not work and be useless, he will never integrate.
The clear majority is motivated.
But there are also problem cases, says customer honestly, "people who don't do anything". The work of Deuschle and customer is therefore always also to motivate others.
All this is already a mammoth task.
A difficult question: have the two after the recent occurrences fear of radicalization, even in a small community like Urbach?
"No," says Regine's customer quite clearly, "what some may call naïve". However, a residual risk could not be excluded.
But the helpers are already sensitized.
These incidents are also a matter for the refugees.
They have the fear that the assassins will completely discredit them.
"They want to show that they have nothing to do with it," says Regine customer.
Many would like to stay in Urbach.
In other words, the local and local volunteers need to look for activities.
In the background, you will always have a new surge of refugees and migrants coming to Urbach.
Does Germany need a ceiling?
To answer this question clearly, politics is shy.
In fact, it is unfair to provide helpers on the ground.
"In Urbach we have not yet arrived where we want to go," says Annika Deuschle.
No new refugees, that would relax the situation.
Regine's customer also makes it clear that the Urbacher are already busy integrating the existing people in a sensible sense.
These are currently around 100 people, mostly young men.
But if people are in need, they must be helped, both women agree.
The political world is so complicated because there are no easy answers.
Schorndorf: Burglar with helicopter wanted
The police helicopter flew different areas for about an hour-unsuccessful.
Two unknown men were forcibly invaded in an apartment in a multi-family house in the Lime tree on Friday morning at 8:50 a.m.
The occupant surprised the two and struck the fiends in flight.
The two men were about 1.65 to 1.70 meters tall, well masked, wore both jeans and black hooded sweaters.
They fled towards the city centre.
The police set up several patrol crews and a police helicopter for the manhunt.
The manhunt went without success.
Perhaps the unknown fell before the deed near the apartment or in their flight.
Baden-Württemberg: Police determined after rocker-attack on snacks
After an attack on a Ulmer snack, the police determined against six suspects from the rocker milieu because of heavy land trespassing.
In the case of housing searches, evidence and narcotics were ensured, the police shared with them on Friday.
According to police in July, around 20 masked men of a rocker-like group had thrown bottles and stones against the window pane of a snack.
After that, they were attacked by two guests and slightly injured.
Then they fled.
There was a loss of 10000 euros at the snack bar and the adjacent building.
According to the investigators, it is a dispute in the Ulm rocker milieu between a Kurdish and a Turkish gang.
Thuringia: Zeiss Meditec of sales-billion closer
A high demand for medical technology in Asia has boosted the sales of Carl Zeiss Meditec.
In the first nine months of the business year started in October, group sales rose by 6.7 percent to 798.6 million euros, as the listed company on Friday in Jena.
The Asia business grew disproportionately by 17.1 percent.
The profit before interest and taxes increased according to the balance sheet from 89.5 million euros to 110.5 million euros.
The Jena Medical Technology Group intends to surpass the turnover mark of one billion euros in this fiscal year, reaffirmed the Executive Board.
Zeiss Meditec manufactures equipment and equipment for medical practices and clinics.
The company, which belongs to the optics and electronics group Carl Zeiss (upper cooking), employs just under 3000 employees.
