28-year-old cook found dead in San Francisco Mall
A 28-year-old cook, who recently moved to San Francisco, was found dead in the stairs of a local shopping center.
The victim's brother said that he could not imagine anyone who wanted to harm him. "At last he went uphill again."
The corpse found in the Westfield Mall on Wednesday morning was identified as the twenty-eight-year-old Frank Galicia from San Francisco, said the San Francisco court medical department.
The San Francisco Police Department said that death was classified as murder and the investigation is ongoing.
The brother of the victim, Louis Galicia, informed the ABS transmitter KGO in San Francisco that Frank, who had previously worked as a chef in Boston, had managed his dream job as a chef at the Sons & Daughters restaurant in San Francisco six months ago.
A spokesman for the Sons & Daughters said they were "shocked and devastated" about his death.
"We are a small team that works like a close family and we will miss him painfully," the speaker continued.
Our thoughts and condolences are with Frank's family and friends during this difficult time.
Louis Galicia stated that Frank initially lived in hostels, but that "things were finally going uphill for him."
"He found an apartment, he had a girlfriend," Louis Garcia said.
Louis Galicia said that he could not imagine anyone who wanted to harm his younger brother.
He was a friendly person with a big heart.
Combining his style with his family has always been to cook us something for us, "said Louis Galicia.
He never wanted to participate in any kind of argument.
He was the brother who swam with the stream.
"In everything that goes wrong in the world, he was this unpolished diamond that shone brightly every day," he said.
Anyone who has information on the case will be asked to call the SFPD telephone number at 415-575-4444.
Jennifer Aniston: I am always stuck in drawers
Jennifer Aniston does not always have to be perfect or successful.
The Hollywood star has now made it clear in an interview.
"I'm always stuck in drawers or get labels from outside, which have little to do with me and the reality."
"I do not want to be perfect and successful."
"Honestly, these things are more of a snap to me."
Jennifer Aniston (47) can only laugh at the fact that she is considered a "Miss Perfect", as she explains in the current "Cosmopolitan".
The actress likes to spend her time at home, in front of television with a loose dump and Mexican food, says the magazine.
To the incandescence, she asked the question: "We women do not have to be married or have children to be perfect," the Hollywood star said.
In her new film "Mother's Day", Aniston is seen as a single mother of two sons.
The film will take place from August 25th.
Golfer Langer receives the sports pyramid
His experiences on the horse are manageable.
At the end of a golfing tournament in South Africa, Bernhard Langer looked for a bit of variety with a few colleagues and a ride on the beach.
For the 58-year-old it was a premiere.
CHIO: "Golden Sportpyramide" for Bernhard Langer
After a few minutes, the horses remembered on their evening's eve, and they hunted home to the feeding troughs in the fast gallop.
One kilometer at this rate, I was afraid.
"It was not a good experience," says Langer.
And then the riding career ended again.
On Saturday, Germany's best golfer of all time - 101 tournament victories - was again close to horses.
He and his family ran across the ALRV, and he did not even swing on a horse for photographic purposes.
Langer was the first time in Aachen and thus also with the CHIO.
The reason was quite convincing.
The German sports aid handed over the Golden Sportpyramide to the man from Anhausen in the context of a small gala.
The sympathetic athlete is not lacking in awards.
Federal Tour Cross, Silver Laurel Leaf, Champions Tour Player of the Year ...
Even the British Queen has already ennobled him.
Langer is the 18th prize winner of the Sportpyramide.
In Aachen he met the first prize-winner Hans Günter Winkler on Saturday.
"This award means a lot to me," says Langer, "because it is awarded not only for sporting success but also for social commitment".
Langer has been supporting the new generation for decades.
And so he gave the prize money of 25,000 euros the same.
With 15 other outstanding athletes, the two-time US-champion was taken to the "Hall of Fame of German Sports" on Saturday.
Hartwig Gauder and Harald Schmitt, the gymnasts Eberhard Gienger, the fencers Cornelia Hanisch, Alexander Pusch and Arnd Schmitt, the rudder Peter-Michael Kolbe, the bob driver Meinhard Nehmer, the Judoka Frank Wieneke, the jumping rider Alwin Schockemöhle and posthumous handball player Erhard Wunderlich.
Many of these sports legends came to Aachen on Saturday.
After the official part the illustrious company went to the jumping stadium, where the Lavazza prize was running.
Bernhard Langer kept distance from the big animals.
Clintons and Trumps Economic Policy Compared: It's all about the money
Investing in infrastructure and preventing the trade agreement TTP - this is what both Clinton and Trump want.
However, the two US presidential candidates are in the tax and energy policy as well as in a principle question.
The differences in economic policy between Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton are based on a fundamental, rather philosophical, difference.
The, about the role of the state.
Trump wants to keep the doubt small and warns against how the state can harm the economy - with taxes and regulations.
Clinton wants to tax the economy to death and to death, he says.
He himself, on the other hand, would be quite different, says Trump.
He will massively cut back on regulations, and he is making a strong tax reform with lower tax rates strong - for private individuals and for businesses.
Clinton, on the other hand, says: "The state has certain tasks, it has to open up disadvantaged opportunities and needs money for it.
That is why the tax would be increased for the rich, she says.
Interestingly, both are very close to infrastructure.
Trump and Clinton say almost word-for-word.
The Democratic candidate even announced the largest investment in new jobs since the Second World War.
State investment programs in infrastructure are classical democratic policy and are strictly rejected by the state-critical Teaparty wing of the Republicans.
At Trump, there might be party-internal discussions.
The differences in energy and climate policy are clearer.
Trump wants to build coal-fired power plants and boost coal production in the USA.
Oil subsidies should also be possible in protected areas so far, he wants to terminate the Paris climate protection agreement.
Clinton, on the other hand, wants to expand renewable energy with its investment program and calls: "A country will be the supermarket of clean energy and create millions of jobs."
"It will probably be either China, Germany or America - I want it to be us."
But not only in terms of infrastructure, but also in international trade agreements, the two competitors are not too far apart.
TPP, the transpacific trade agreement, does not want to sign either.
At the same time, however, both do not want to isolate the US from international trade - but simply protect American jobs better.
They are also to be paid for better, says Clinton.
The current minimum wage of $ 7.25 is a hunger wage.
It wants to increase it to 15 dollars per hour.
What Trump wants to do in this question is not quite clear: once he says: The minimum wage has to go up, then he says he should not be changed.
But the great discussion of the coming months is probably more about the tax policy of the two camps.
On the one hand there is Trump, who wants to relieve the economy and the citizens, to boost growth.
Its critics insist that the budget deficit would be even greater.
On the other hand, Clinton, who wants at least the rich to demand that they pay more taxes, and their critics say: More taxes are not the solution.
Escape: "Every fugitive woman has experience with sexual violence"
Sexual violence is almost everyday life for women who are fleeing alone.
When they arrive in Germany, they are often traumatized.
A house provides refuge.
Four women are sitting in a large kitchen.
Each has a baby that is at most one year old.
One has put her little son in the arm.
He looks curiously into the room with big eyes.
His mother is staring at the table.
Until she realizes she's being watched.
She smiles briefly and kisses the little one.
The scene is normal.
Until you talk to Katrin Bahr.
She is the area manager of Condrobs, a social aid provider in Bavaria, and is also concerned with women on the run.
The four women in the kitchen are fugitives.
They live in the north of Munich in one of the few decentralized accommodations for all-women and their children in Bavaria.
In January, Condrobs set up the establishment together with Pro Familia and the Munich Women's Aid.
Recently, it was officially opened.
60 people live there - about 40 women and 20 children.
There are no men - neither as visitors.
The exception is a guardman outside the door.
"It is no exaggeration to say that every woman who arrives here has had experiences with sexual violence on her flight," says Bahr.
"Men flee because of wars because they are persecuted politically because they face torture or death, or because their families send them to Europe as a hope-bearer," she says.
In women, there are other reasons for the escape: "Many steal themselves stealthily because they see no other way out".
In their homeland, they have had experience with sexual violence, forced marriage, honor murder, slavery, or compulsive prostitution.
This drives them away.
On the run, this continues.
"That tugs, for example, demand a sexual action for a bottle of water is not a rarity," says Bahr.
And the women are alone, they are not protected by their families.
Who believes that the end, as soon as they arrive in Germany, is wrong, says Bahr.
Again, single women in refugee shelters would often be regarded as inferior and, at worst, abused.
As a result, around 90 percent of women living in the north of Munich are traumatized, she says.
"Some of the children have certainly not been born voluntarily".
Many women are so accustomed to saying nothing.
"Or they do not dare to speak openly about the experience, because the shame is too great."
Since they often would not be able to help, they need more accommodation only for them, Bahr asks.
In Bavaria, the seven district governments are responsible for housing refugees.
When asked whether they knew about a project similar to that in Munich, some responded with no.
In Upper Palatinate and Upper Franconia, for example, there is no such thing in government accommodation.
Even in Swabia alone fled women are not separately housed, says Karl-Heinz Meyer, press secretary of the government.
In Oberbayern, Unter- und Mittelfranken, there are floors or houses in some community accommodation only for single women and their children.
The exception is Niederbayern, where there are two central accommodations exclusively for women.
The Committee on Women's Rights and Gender Equality in the European Parliament also calls for women to be placed separately from men.
In a study published for the Committee, "It is very important that men and women are housed separately."
"If the privacy is lacking, or if men and women are brought together, there can be - ongoing" violence against women ".
Especially the washrooms should be separate and accessible to women, is the study.
The extent to which women feel this need for protection can be seen in the rush of the house in Munich.
"Since we got around, we have a long queue," says Bahr.
You could easily open a second house.
Assistants' strikes: demands for new labor measures
Representatives of the medical assistants have called on their trade union to approve new labor measures in their disputes regarding a new treaty.
The British Medical Association's (JDC) Junior Doctors Committee (BMA) has called on its entire Council to approve more work measures from the beginning of September.
The JDC said that ministers had neglected to address concerns about the Treaty.
In July, medical assistants and medical students voted on the rejection of a contract, which was agreed with the BMA.
He was rejected by 58% of his members, who voted in the elections.
In a letter to the members, which was published on Twitter on Thursday evening, the chairman of the JDC Ellen McCourt said that the government had remained "persistently calm" to problems, which led to the contract being rejected.
She said, "In view of this, the JDC Board has voted to completely reject the proposed new treaty and to request official renegotiations for all your concerns."
In response to the silence of the government, the JDC Board has today made a formal request for a special meeting of the BMA Council to approve an ongoing program of escalating workflights, which begins in early September.
The disputes led to the fact that medical assistants were striking six times this year, the first total failures in the history of the NHS.
The head of the BMA's assistant physician Dr. Johann Malawana resigned after the election to reject the agreed terms of the contract, which had been recommended by the BMA.
He informed BMA members during the meetings, which were held before the vote by 54,000 assistants and medical students, that the contract should be advantageous and accepted.
After the vote, Health Minister Jeremy Hunt said that the contract for doctors in England would be compulsorily introduced.
Russia and Turkey: An "Alliance of Outsiders"?
It was a gesture that ended a crisis.
The leaders of Russia and Turkey met on Tuesday to give their hands and announce an official end to the eight-month-long war of words and economic sanctions.
But when Vladimir Putin receives his Turkish counterpart in the gilded hall of the St. Petersburg Palace, I can not deny the impression that Ankara wants this reconciliation the most.
There was the hand, yes.
But Putin's smile seemed to be narrow-necked, and he barely radiated warmth, even for his reserved circumstances.
Recep Tayyip Erdogan, on the other hand, repeatedly spoke of his "dear friend" Putin - according to a report five times.
I could not count it anymore.
He also promised that relations with Russia would not only return to their old level before the crisis, but would even improve.
The next day, a newspaper described Erdogan as if nothing bad had happened.
To me his enthusiasm seemed to indicate the opposite.
But one of Putin's radiant, lasting coolness showed that Russia's headmaster had not forgotten anything.
Rather, the cause of the crisis was the first thing he mentioned in his introductory remarks: the shooting of a Russian combat aircraft on the Syrian frontier through Turkey.
Moscow's reaction to the time was fierce.
Putin said, accusing Ankara of falling behind Russia.
The offense was even greater because it was committed by a supposed friend.
Reconcile confidence will be difficult, if not impossible.
Public opinion in Russia has changed since November.
For months, the state-controlled media launched a fierce, unrestricted attack on Ankara.
Suddenly it seemed as if the Turks were to blame for everything.
Most seriously, the allegations of senior officials were that Erdogan's own family would have benefited from illegal oil trade in Syrian territories controlled by the so-called Islamic state.
He vehemently denied this.
But in St.Petersburg the official message was that it was time to look forward.
After all, this meeting took place only because Putin received the apology from President Erdogan, which he wanted to hear.
Russia was able to score a victory.
For Ankara, the benefits of a truce are clear.
Erdogan needs first and foremost all the friends he can get after he has almost been deprived of his office last month in a failed state coup.
Repeated terrorist attacks on Turkey have also shaken him.
But there are also economic motives.
Russian sanctions have hit Turkey hard - especially the ban on charter flights, which each year usually bring several million Russian tourists to the Turkish coast.
The number has declined by almost 90%.
In Russia, tour operators and charter companies will be relieved when flights are resumed.
They count on a late-season rush to the Mediterranean.
This week, state TV forecasted cheaper fruits and vegetables as soon as Turkish agricultural imports were allowed again.
A report in Vedemosti put it as follows: "Tourists there long, tomatoes here long."
But the visit had an additional political value for Moscow.
Ankara is angry with the West because it sees its response to the attempted seizure of power as a weak response.
In addition, there is the ongoing resentment over the snail tempo of EU accession negotiations and Putin - which is keen to benefit from the cool mood and to reduce the relationship between Turkey and the West.
The Russian state secretary certainly won in Ankara a bonus for the fact that after the attempted coup he demanded support for the elected state organs.
This is a self-evident fact for Moscow, which itself has a profound fear of regime change.
The summit in this splendid palace by the sea made it possible for Russia and Turkey, as an analyst once described, to depict the "alliance of outsiders": two countries that are offended by the West and feel badly treated and are now allying.
Nevertheless, despite the public reconciliation, there are still great differences between the two.
The biggest difference is Syria, where Moscow recently played a role as a peace-builder, but where Russia and Turkey support opposing sides.
It could be significant that after nearly three hours of initial talks, both presidents at the press conference said they had not even touched the issue.
The President of Turkey intentionally avoided answering a question about their differences, while Putin decided to emphasize this.
There is no clear consensus on where a common denominator to Syria can be found.
But after months of open hostilities - and in view of the potential for a complete disaster, as NATO member Turkey shot the Russian fighter jet - it is certainly better that the two heads of state at least talk again.
Royal Bank of Scotland is no longer available to customers outside of Scotland
According to the board of the bank, the RBS brand is only to be reduced to a backoffice role.
The Royal Bank of Scotland will no longer be available to customers outside Scotland.
Ross McEwan told BBC Scotland that the RBS brand was linked to the bank's global ambitions.
The bank has since distanced itself, when it had almost collapsed and had to be saved eight years ago.
During this time, branded "RBS" brands have been used to protect other end-consumer financial brands.
She supported international sports with millions of pounds of sponsorship, from the Six Nations Rugby to the Wimbledon winner Andy Murray.
But now it has decided to focus more national brands.
The Royal Bank of Scotland will only be available to customers in Scotland but will not be initialized.
In England and Wales, all RSB references, the decentralized headquarters and the stock exchange listing will switch to NatWest.
The Ulster Bank brand is already used for customers in the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland.
There are other smaller brands for the retail business that will get more importance - Coutts, Adam & Co, Drummond and Holt's Military Bank.
McEwan was interviewed by customers and employees in Inverness-shire during an inspection tour.
He told BBC Scotland: "The RSB brand will become our investor brand and the brand under which our employees will be employed, as we are now becoming a bank of brands."
When the bank itself became a global brand, RBS became a global brand.
I now say that we are not pursuing global goals but local objectives.
Each of these brands will be completely different in their own communities, and our employees will work with customers under these brands.
RBS has already said that it will not continue its Six Nations sponsorship and that it will increase the perceptibility of the various brands in its sports sponsorship.
"It is time for us to develop into the Bank of Brands, because how do we focus on the internal (we have asked) to make it a better bank for customers," said the CEO.
It would have been very cynical three years ago if we had said that we would be a great bank for our customers and launched these brands.
But with our work, the focus on customer needs and not our own, I think you will see many changes.
We can launch these brands again, so I think the time has come.
Frankie Dettori reaches his 3,000th win at Newmarket on Predilection
Dettori sprays champagne after a double at Newmarket, which brings him 3,000th win
The jockey Frankie Dettori secured his 3,000th British win at Newmarket on Friday.
He set a milestone on Predilection, which is trained by John Gosden, on his local race track with his second win of the night.
The 45-year-old Italian is the sixth jockey to reach the milestone in the flat race.
He follows Sir Gordon Richards, Doug Smith, Lester Piggott, Pat Eddry, and Willie Carson.
The three-time winner Dettori, who previously won Ghayyar, said, "It's something special."
I am very emotional because my family is here as well
I am very happy that it happened at Newmarket because I landed here 30 years ago.
It's not a big meeting, it's not Royal Ascot - it's a banal Friday night with 20,000 people.
I am relieved and very humble.
Dettori takes the rejoicing as he takes the victory on Predilection
Two jockeys have reached the milestone in the obstacle race - Jockey Richard Johnson and the retired 20-time winner Sir Anthony McCoy, who scored more than 4,300 victories in a record-breaking career.
Lester Piggott, the nine-time Derbysieger, had 4.493 career bonuses
Frankie is one of the best jugglers of the modern age and it is no surprise that he has reached this milestone that few have reached before him.
He has style and is strong, but it is his tactical intellect that distinguishes him from the others in the weight control room.
He is a fantastic ambassador for races, his enthusiasm and charisma has inspired fans for years for this sport.
I told Frankie a few weeks ago at Epsom that he already had 6,000 gains, if he were not just a weekend and big tournament jockey!
Frankie has already won almost 30 years in GB, which is great.
He has a living personality, which is good for a British race, but he is also an incredible jockey.
Frankie Dettori celebrated the milestone with a typical Flying Dismount
From Flying Finishes to Flying Dismounts, Frankie Dettori has been the flag of the British open-air race for two decades.
It was nerve-racking.
A whole lot of big tournament winnings, including his famous "Glorious Seven" 1996 in Ascot, but he also survived a plane crash and got a drug ban.
Three years ago he had difficulties at first when he returned from his six-month suspension, but he showed an impressive strength of character to defy his doubters and return to his best form.
And he is far from the end - Dettori once said that he wants to continue his competitions up to at least 50 years of age.
Russia's Putin fires staff chief Sergei Ivanov
Russian President Vladimir Putin unexpectedly dismissed his staff Sergei Ivanov.
Ivanov was part of Putin's closest circle of trust for many years.
The 63-year-old was appointed Special Envoy for Environmental and Transport Affairs.
In a statement from the Kremlin it is stated that Putin had ordered "the dismissal of Ivanov from his duties as chairman of the Russian presidential administration, without stating reasons."
Anton Vaino, who had been Ivanov's deputy since 2012, was appointed his successor.
Vaino, 44, is a former diplomat.
Born in 1972 in the Estonian capital of Tallinn, he graduated from the prestigious Moscow State Institute of International Relations (MGIMO) and worked in the Embassy in Tokyo.
On the Kremlin's website (in Russian), he was later to be the secretary of the government and the head of the government.
On his appointment he told Putin: "Thank you for your confidence."
I think it is the most important task of the government to support your work as a state secretary with regard to draft legislation and controls to implement your instructions.
Putin told the Russian TV station on Friday that Ivanov had asked to leave his post and recommended Vaino as his successor.
Convince the smiling faces?
This step has made Moscow mysterious.
Sergei Ivanov was for a long time one of Vladimir Putin's closest confidants and works for the Soviet Intelligence Service, the KGB.
He was one of the most powerful men in the country.
At a meeting with President Putin, broadcast on television, both men claimed that the chief of staff would resign at his own request.
But despite the smile for the cameras, few are convinced - especially now, just before the parliamentary elections.
Is this the result of a kind of power struggle?
Nobody knows this at the moment.
But the official assertion - that a man who was once praised as a potential president, at once to lead the Russian environmental policy - met with great skepticism.
In his remarks to Putin quoted on the Kremlin's website, Ivanov said "it is true that I asked you in early 2012 in a conversation to entrust this very complicated post - you could almost say - to cumbersome posts for four years.
As it turns out, I have been the chairman of the Russian presidential administration for four years and eight months.
Ivanov took the post in December 2011.
Previously, he was Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Defense.
He is a member of the Russian Security Council and, like Putin, a former member of the KGB State Security Service.
In the late 1990s, when Putin was chairman of the Federal Security Service (FSB), replacing the KGB, Ivanov was appointed deputy.
When Putin came to power, he named Ivanov as one of five people to whom he most trusted.
Once it was assumed that Ivanov might become President of Russia after Putin's second term of office, since Putin's third term of office would have violated the constitution.
But this post was taken by another close friend of Putin, Dmitry Medvedev.
Putin became Prime Minister before becoming president again three and a half years later.
Criminal Minds star Thomas Gibson fired after beating producers
Gibson was involved last month in a physical controversy on the set of the series in Los Angeles.
ABC Studios and CBS Television Studios, which are producing the series, announced their dismissal in a joint statement.
Gibson, who played the special agent Aaron Hotchner, publicly apologized on Thursday before announcing his dismissal.
At the set, there were artistic differences and differences of opinion.
I regret the incident, "he said in a statement.
Details of how the character of Gibsons from the series, following a team of FBI agents, will be released, are expected to be released later, according to the ABC Studios and CBS Television Studios opinion.
The 54-year-old, who previously played in the sitcom Dharma & Greg, had been there since the first season of the series in 2005.
"I love Criminal Minds, and I've been collecting all my heart blood for the past twelve years," Gibson said in a statement released on Friday.
I was hoping to be there until the end, but it will not be possible anymore.
I would like to thank the authors, producers, actors, our wonderful crew and, above all, the best fans you can wish for a show.
The planned broadcast of the twelfth season is scheduled for September 28th.
Puzzles about fish that landed in garden in Banff
A resident of Banff called for help identifying the fish that appeared in his garden in Banff.
Kevin Bain thinks the 75 fish could be sand eels spit out from a fountain.
Mr. Bain, who lives about 500 meters from the sea, published on Periscope a video of the spectacle in the hope that someone could throw some light on the appearance of the two inch long fish.
Queensferry Crossing: Bridge now connected with Fife
The £ 1.35 billion project is expected to be completed by May 2017
Engineers have linked the Norddeck of the Queensferry Crossing to the viaduct, which means that the bridge is now connected to Fife.
It is the first of four closures of the "deck fans" approaching the completion around each of the three towers of the bridge.
The bridge section of Fife is now 600 meters long and weighs 30,000 tonnes.
It has 10,000 tons of steel and 20,000 tons of concrete as well as 46 sloped cables.
The £ 1.35 billion project is expected to be completed by May 2017.
Minister of Economy Keith Brown paid a visit to the construction site today and was one of the first to get on the bridge from the country.
He said, "This is a historical and symbolic moment in the construction of Queensferry Crossing.
We are all witnesses of an engineering art of a truly epic measure in this project with over 30,000 tonnes of concrete and steel used alone for this part of the bridge.
Despite the massive size and weight of the bridge, the completion of the closure between the viaduct and the bridge deck is a delicate activity which requires extremely precise tolerances for the fit.
In total, almost 79% of the entire bridge deck is in place, and the last section of the deck now receives a concrete bet for the deck in Rosyth, which means that the entire deck is ready to be lifted onto the bridge.
Michael Martin, Project Manager at Forth Crossing Bridge Constructors, said, "The first shutter is a significant milestone in any bridge project.
This fantastic project represents the closure of future-oriented civil engineering and civil engineering.
After the installation of the last section of the road and its connection with the Nordturmdeck, we had to close the remaining gap on the north or land side.
This was achieved by pulling the northern feeder bridge 700 millimeters south.
This was a massive and at the same time very delicate activity.
Massive, as the viaduct is 222 meters long, weighs about 6,000 tons and has to be pulled upwards at an incline of about 3%.
The problem was that the tolerances to which the team was working were tiny - on each side they were only a few millimeters.
Fortunately everything went very well.
Rescue in the Moelfre Bay: Three men have "happiness still to be alive"
Three men are "lucky to be still alive" after being thrown out of their fishing boat off Anglesey.
The Moelfre RNLI Rescue Station bounced on Friday at 13:20 BST after a crew watched the event in Moelfre Bay.
The three men had difficulties to swim in safety while their boat moved on on their own.
"We saw the boat turn around in their vicinity, and they presented the worst," said the head of the rescue station of Moelfre Vince Jones.
"Fortunately, the strong winds have blown the boat out of their reach, until we let ourselves into water," he added.
Two of the men were rescued by a local fishing boat, while the third man, at the age of 60, was exhausted and found hanging from a buoy without a rescue vest.
They all came aboard the coastal rescue boat and were taken back to the rescue station
Mr. Jones said, "The three men who were thrown into the water, happiness are uninjured and still alive.
The boatmotor had an emergency stop line, but this broke when the boat was capsized by the person who steered the boat.
Someone has watched over these men today.
Seriously hurt - Man interferes with his ex-girlfriend
A man attacked his ex-girlfriend in Hamburg-Harburg with a knife and severely injured him.
As the police reported yesterday, the 50-year-old had been given the key to the apartment to get his personal belongings.
Instead, the alcoholic perpetrator cut the clothes of his ex-girlfriend.
When he came to the apartment, he stabbed her twice.
The 44-year-old was injured by the hand and the body.
The police were able to arrest the perpetrator.
While the 50-year-old destroyed the clothes of his ex-girlfriend, he called his mother.
The latter then alerted his sister.
Together with her companion, the 45-year-old wanted to soothe her brother.
But she could not make him leave the apartment.
That is why she left the house with her companion.
They met the ex-wife of the man on the street.
When the two women entered the apartment again, the 50-year-old pushed his sister aside and attacked his ex-girlfriend.
Who builds Braunschweig's cheap apartments?
The SPD and Greens believe that investors will be much more involved in the future.
How do you react to the bad news that Braunschweig will lose nearly 1300 cheap apartments in the next few years?
The SPD is proposing a "Housing Action Plan" at the next Council meeting.
But dispute is programmed.
First and foremost, the question is: Who is to build the cheap apartments?
A regulation is missing so far.
SPD parliamentary group leader Christoph Bratmann said: "We agree with the Greens. If you want to build on urban areas, you will have to show 20% of all apartments as social apartments."
The cheap apartments can however also arise in the stock.
However, Bratmann says, "How do you deal with investors who want to build on private land?"
"We want investors to build at least 10 per cent, but as much as 20 per cent of the apartments as social apartments on such areas."
A new urban housing development program, which will cost millions and still needs to be financed, is intended to provide incentives.
The problem, according to Bratmann: "There is currently no agreement between the political groups."
The CDU wants to make investors as few regulations as possible.
The left still wants tough conditions for investors.
Irrespective of this, Bratmann said that the situation on the housing market was exacerbating.
If the action plan is implemented, this will provide additional tasks in the construction management.
More staff is required.
It is unclear whether we will get the specialists.
But the program is not yet complete: the 1260 new apartments, which should be built anyway.
How, however, is the loss of a further 1,300 low-priced apartments, which will be phased out in the coming years?
Alone by the year 2020 there will be 500 apartments.
In order to prevent this, according to the planning-political spokeswoman Nicole Palm, now expiring bonds should be purchased from the city.
In addition, it would have to be thought about bringing apartments back into price.
This is possible in Weststadt.
The problem could be solved in one fell swoop.
In the Weststadt deadlines expire at the end of the year.
Around 1800 apartments could be brought back into the price-fixing for cheap apartments.
The owners, the housing associations, do not want that.
For the number of social apartments in the Weststadt is once again drastically increased, one moves away from the goal of so-called intermixing.
There should be no concentration of social weakness in only a few districts.
The Greens expect that there will be movement in the discussion.
Holger Herlitschke, President of the Swiss parliament, said: "The CDU must be involved in the boat for a broad majority."
It had concentrated on more building sites for single-family houses.
But what does not mean that a compromise can not be found.
Pokémon Go, a hunt for health and happiness that is worth it
It is fascinating to see how the world is changing.
The fact that teenagers and children no longer go outside to play, but prefer to spend their free time staring at screens has been mourned by many in the last decade.
Pokemon Go is about getting people from the sofa and getting more active.
The time on the screen was initially limited to television, then to video games, and most recently to smartphones.
Therefore, it is great to see that technology and outdoor activities are not mutually exclusive.
I'm referring to the Pokémon Go Madness, an app based on the characters created for the video games in the 1990s (later a series of characters, playing cards and other spin-offs).
Like many phenomena of pop culture, the interest decreased before the release of the game in the USA, Australia and New Zealand in early July.
Market launch in other countries was shifted by massive demand, which overloaded the servers.
Within a few days, Pokémon Go had more users than Tinder and almost as many as Twitter.
How does it work?
In short, the players go outside with their smartphones and look for Pokémon tracked with a GPS and once captured they can be "photographed" (captured on a mobile phone screen) or "captured".
A generation who played the game when she was younger, joined the delusion and jumped for the search from the sofa.
In the US, the game led to a considerable increase in the number of steps the "average" person spent every day.
Cardiogram, an app for AppleWatch that tracks 35,000 users, recently told the Washington Post that within two days of launching the game, the number of tracked people who train 30 minutes every day is 45 percent to 53 percent.
The company does not know who is playing Pokémon Go - it just sees the raw data to increase performance.
Many public awareness campaigns on health that people want to "take 30 minutes to get off the couch" and "be active every day" have fallen on deaf ears because many public messages are boring to health and come from people who look miserable.
Nevertheless, the importance of sport can not be overstated.
People who exercise regularly exercise their chances of getting cancer or depression.
Physical exercise helps with weight control, high blood pressure, diabetes and a long list of benefits that is too long to lead them here.
But the great thing about Pokémon Go is that it makes people do something outdoors that they enjoy.
Thus, three pillars of health are covered - exercise, fresh air and sunshine as well as fun.
Some people even make new friends on the hunt.
As always, there are sullen game shooters, who always have to complain about something.
And yes, someone could run against a door.
What is it?
A breakthrough has occurred.
Even though smartphone apps like Fitbit were able to track our activity earlier, they gave us no reason to do sport as this game does.
The new will lose its charm and the use will subside over time.
However, due to Pokemon's success, there will be more games that will combine apps and virtual reality with real-world action, helping many people on the hunt to be more active, fitter and healthier.
Read Dr. Joe's blog at www.drjoetoday.com
Simone Biles creates gold in his name
Forget the pressure.
Forget the hype.
Simone Biles is immune to all this.
Dynamic on the jumping horse.
Effortless on the beam.
Breathtaking on the floor.
On the whole brilliant.
And now finally also Olympiasiegerin.
The 19-year-old American gymnast climbed on Thursday to a multi-task title and magnified the gap between himself and the rest of the world before the eyes under the spotlight of the Olympic Games.
Their total score of 62.18 was clearly ahead of Silver Medal winners and "Final Five" team mate Aly Raisman and Russian bronze medal winner Aliya Mustafina.
The American women Simone Biles will play on the suspension beam during the women's singles tournament in the artificial summer at the Olympic Summer Games in Rio de Janeiro 2016, Brazil, Thursday.
Biles is the fourth heterosexual American to win a multi-combat title and the fifth overall as she consolidates her reputation to be the best of her generation or even at all.
She burst into tears when her end result was shown and her long journey ended at that moment.
This success puts them in the same league as unique athletes like Michael Phelps, who have brought their sports to new heights:
Biles has dominated her sport over the past three years, winning 15 World Champions medals - including 10 gold medals - with such amazing exercises that include a mixture of ambition and precision that the 1984 Olympian Mary Lou Retton said she was "the best gymnast I've ever seen."
She expected a final test in Brazil, a competition not so much between Biles and the rest of the athletes, but rather between her and a burden of oversized expectations.
Not returning with a handful of gold back to the family in Spring, Texas would be viewed as disappointment.
The Americans Simone Biles, left, and Aly Raisman embrace each other after winning gold and silver in the women's singles tournament in the Olympic Games in 2016, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, Thursday
Biles won the first medal on Tuesday while she served as an exclamation mark at the farewell party of retired team-mate Martha Karolyi.
Although Biles insisted on having never planned the future during her long journey to the top, this is not really true.
Part of their practice - which includes their typical Tumbling Pass - is matched to Latin music, which would fit at home on the street outside the Olympiaarena in Rio.
This is no accident.
This girl, who was adopted by her grandparents as a small child and was discovered by coach Aimee Boorman's mother during a school trip to the gym, where Boorman trained, became a force.
Since the summer of 2013, she has lost no more competitions, a victory that will last as long as Biles wishes.
Even though Mustafina easily led by two twists, the picture bore.
Suspension beams and bodynesses - in which Biles holds the world title.
She picked up again with 15,433 on the suspension beam - and with a 15,933 on the ground put another on it.
Raisman gently embraced her as she awaited her ultimate grief-a pure formality-and tears streamed on Bilene's brilliant red, white, and blue eyeliner as the vision she once described in her collection book became a reality.
The performance Raismans was a revenge for the last time four years ago when she fought for third place but the bronze medal went to Mustafina in a tiebrake.
This time, the 22-year-old team captain, who is called "grandma" by the Americans, had a lead.
After her exercise, she threw kissing hands at the audience, overwhelmed by a comeback, which sometimes seemed dubious.
As for Biles, the fast-spreading tweet of the 19-year-olds from the beginning of this week has a whole new meaning:
Police: 3 casualties in series murder case when listening to music in the car
According to police reports released on Thursday, two women and a 12-year-old girl who had been killed in one of the deadliest attacks for a decade in Phoenix's first serial murder case were shot while they were talking in the car and listening to music.
Angela Rochelliner, Stefanie R. Ellis and Ellis's daughter Maleah were shot dead on June 12, while the car was parked in a driveway, the authorities said.
The perpetrator fired eight shots from a hand-held firearm while he was standing on the passenger's side of the car and then fled with another vehicle, to be read in the report.
The police said the three-man murder had not been the result of a robbery because the attacker did not take the handbags or the $ 2,900 that were owned by one of the adult victims.
The police officer of Phoenix Sgt. Jonathan Howard said the shooting caused the investigators to take a closer look at whether it was connected to four previous attacks.
In total, seven people were killed and two others injured in nine instances, mainly in Hispanic districts.
"It happens in a residential area in front of a house," Howard told the KHPO, a subsidiary of CBS, earlier this month.
It is assumed that the suspect used several vehicles, including a brown Nissans from the late 1990s, a black BMW from the late 1990ern and a white Cadillac or Lincoln.
The investigators refused to disclose the evidence that led them to conclude that the attacks were linked and committed by the same murderer.
Ellis, 33, was hospitalized for her injuries and died later.
Liner, 31, and Ellis's daughter, Maleah, died on the spot.
A witness told the police that it was not unusual for them to sit in a parked car and listen to music.
The authorities also published a police report on the shooting that was aimed at an empty pickup truck half an hour before the three-killing, and is said to be the work of the serial murderer.
Investigators found cartridge sleeves and secured a ball from the seat as well as ball fragments from the engine compartment.
Mother of a 6-year-old with microcephaly: "It gets better"
Like most 6-year-olds, Edmund Picciuto loves singing, toys and, of course, his mother.
But like most of his contemporaries, Edmund has microcephaly, the result of a genetic disorder that his mother Elizabeth Picciuto knew nothing about during her pregnancy.
When he first came home, my first thought was, I can not do it.
I can not do it.
I have not let myself go.
What is not at all true, of course, has been the case, "she said.
Her husband Vincent and her was informed that Edmund may never recognize them and that he may not even survive.
Some doctors even went so far as to suggest that they institutionalize it.
"My first answer was 'I did not know people were still doing it,'" Picciuto explained.
Edmund can walk with the help of a walking aid.
Edmund could neither sit nor crawl until he was three years old, and he still can not speak.
But he is making progress slowly.
He can run with support and bike riding.
He also loves to play and sing with his two brothers.
Elizabeth shows the sign language that Edmund has designed for "Please sing me something". "
"We're teaching him language," Picciuto told CBS News.
But it is not a typical sign language - she says. Edmund has invented some characters alone.
Microcephaly has a variety of causes: genetic as in Edmund as well as infections with viruses such as measles or the cicavirus during pregnancy.
The symptoms and prognosis may vary widely.
It is still too early to say how it will affect the life of the infected with the zikavirus.
Picciuto recalls the emotional price of an uncertain future.
I constantly asked what will happen?
What will happen?
And she still does not really know.
I have not asked for the prognosis for a long time, because I do not expect anyone to really tell me.
But Picciuto has a hopeful advice for mothers of infants with birth defects caused by the Zikavirus.
It gets better.
You know it will be better for you.
You will love your child and your child will love you.
Violent rains, flooding give rise to rescue operations in Louisiana, Mississippi
Violent rains and large-scale floods in Louisiana forced the governor to call the emergency on Friday, with more rainfall all Saturday.
Numerous rivers in southeastern Louisiana and the south of the Mississippi flooded their shores and threatened with large-scale floods after extreme rainfall, the National Weather Service reported.
John Bel Edwards, Governor of Louisiana, said that state officials are in constant contact with the local authorities and that assistance to the affected communities is already underway.
Mike Steele, a spokesman for the Governor's Office of Homeland Security and Emergency Preparedness, said the number of inquiries for floods, boats, and sundresses increased.
Steele said that the municipality of Tangipahoa alone had requested ten thousand sandbags.
A flood warning system is being deployed across much of southern Louisiana until Saturday.
The weather service announced that there might be an additional 3 to 5 inches of rain in this area.
In the south of Alabama, an early flood warning system was deployed on Friday while it continued to rain in Mobile.
The River Comite near Baton Rouges and the Amite River near Denham Springs, both located in Louisiana, are likely to reach record levels over the weekend.
The metereologist Alek Krautmann says that both rivers could flood many houses in the suburbs near Baton Rouge.
He also said that a downstream flooding in Ascension Parish is a danger because they will flow slowly over the river into Lake Maurepas.
The River Tickfaw, south of the Mississippi state border in Liverpool, Louisiana, reached the highest score ever recorded on Friday at 09.00.
Rescue teams still plucked people from the flood waters in the districts of Amite and Wilkinson in the southwest of Mississippi.
Leroy Hansford, his wife, and his step-son were among those who were rescued on Friday near Gloster.
Hansford, 62, says that water from Beaver Creek, which is normally more than 400 feet from his house, rose sharply overnight.
He said that another stepdaughter who lived nearby had warned him.
"We have woken up and the water poured and poured in," said Hansford.
It reached my waist.
His wife told Hansford that in the 48 years she lived there, she had never seen such a high rise in the river.
Hansford said that he and his family members had all the disabilities and that he was the only one who could swim.
Hansford said emergency aid had rescued all three in a large military truck and brought them to the next fire station in Gloster, where they were lodged until Friday.
Krautmann said the flooding had spread "quickly", as there were still heavy rains and that the authorities were considering evacuation instructions.
According to Krautmann, an observer near Livingstone reported a rain of 13.75 inches from midnight to Friday morning.
Krautmann said that the ground had been drastically affected by the rainfall since Wednesday.
The authorities said heavy rainfall and street flooding caused the rescue of residents from their houses in Tangipahoa Parish and school failure in five school districts.
The CBS subsidiary WWL reported that a deputy in Tangipahoa ruled over 200 flooded houses.
The inhabitants were evacuated in two churches, which were now both flooded.
The head of the community, Robby Miller, said the authorities had rescued 72 people and seven domestic animals flushed by the flood.
In the cities of Amite and Hammond emergency accommodations were set up to accommodate the evacuees.
"As soon as the water begins to return, they will be able to return to their homes," he said.
In the town of Hammond, Tangipahoa, almost two dozen roads were closed due to the flood, and sandbags were provided for the residents, who were hoping to keep the water out of their homes and shops.
"The last major flooding we had was in March," said Lacy Landrum from the city administration.
This seems to be a similar incident.
In Mississipp, the emergency manager Rupert Lacy of the Harrison County said it was raining on the Gulf Coast.
According to his data, a handful of houses were reported to have been flooded on Thursday, but no reports have been reported on Friday.
Keith Townson, manager of Shopper Value Foods in Amite, has been living in the area for 40 years.
"I have seen water in places where I have never seen it before," said Townson, "and it still comes."
Mahaj Brown, 6, "Shot of Balls", survived the shooting in Philadelphia
The police report that the 6-year-old boy was shot in Philadelphia, this week the second time a 6-year-old is being shot.
The boy's grandparents identified him for CBS Philadelphia as Mahaj Brown.
The grandparents stated that Brown suffered several bullet injuries, including in the loin, leg, arm, and tummy, but that he was conscious of his transportation to the hospital.
"He's been through a lot, his little body was pierced by bullets," his grandmother Delores Melendez told the station.
I just can not believe it.
The condition of the boy was classified as critical in a hospital and he had to undergo several surgeries.
The boy's family told the channel that he was expected to recover.
He should have started the first class in a local elementary school.
Brown was one of four people who were shot in Germantown.
Three men were also shot: two at the age of 29 and a 32-year-old.
One of the 29-year-old men is in a critical condition, the other two victims are stable according to CBS Philadelphia.
The boy was found shot on the front seat of a car with the 29-year-old, who is in a critical condition, shot, the transmitter reports.
The other two victims were not in the car and the police are investigating whether one of the injured men could be the perpetrators.
Investigators told CBS Philadelphia that it had apparently come to a crossfire between several shooters.
Cartridge shells for storm guns, which were traced back to various storm guns, crossed the scene.
It seems that this was clearly an ongoing struggle.
On the road, on both sides of the sidewalk, there were sleeves.
So there seem to have been several armed fighters who were very active, "police police officer Anthony Ginaldi told the police in Philadelphia.
Several houses and vehicles were also found in the area.
There were no arrests and the police are currently investigating the surveillance video.
On Tuesday, another 6-year-old girl was hit by a cross-legged arm as she played in front of her house in the residential area of West Oak Lane.
She is recovering and the police are still looking for a suspect.
Why we need Simone, Gabby and Laurie
This is what I am imagining in the gymnastics of women's gymnastics, and for more than one reason.
Firstly, I have been with every summer Olympics since 1984 and the USA has never been so dominant.
And secondly, this team has three gymnasts, Simone Biles, Gabby Douglas and Lauren "Laurie" Hernandez, who were inspiring for many young girls of different skin color.
The structure of this team, which is Aly Raisman, the Jewish woman, and Madison Kocian, the Catholic, makes everyone proud.
This team finally reflects the United States.
It has solidified the black and Hispanic female presence at the top of this sport.
In the last four years, the number one female gymnast was an African-American.
Last year were Simone and Gabby # 1 and # 2.
This shows strength.
At the last Olympics, Gabby Douglas was a surprising Olympic champion and America cheered.
Now the world was able to witness the incredible performance of the three-time world champion Simone Biles, Douglas and Laurie Hernandez, as they delivered unexpected but masterly Gymastikroutinen.
On Thursday, Simone became the fourth, heterosexual American woman to win gold at an individual multi-match event for women.
Team member Aly Raisman won silver.
We are experiencing the top of this sport, but it does not look like a gymnasium in the whole country.
Simone, Gabby and Laurie all took the same path as Aly and Madison to make it into the Olympic team.
They are the "last five" because the next Olympics will have only four gymnasts in the team, as well as last year with Marta Karolyi as a coach.
But the reality is that gymnastics is an expensive sport, and Turner is primarily used in private gymnasiums maintained by parents who are responsible for the training, equipment, travel, clothing, competition and hotel costs (for the trainers and their gymnasts and families).
The majority of these gymnasiums are located in affluent suburbs, which can support the business.
In these clubs the gymnasts receive their entire training and this is an expensive and long-term commitment for the families.
Aimee Boorman, coach of Simone Biles, and Maggie Haney, coach of Laurie Hernandez, have both trained their athletes since they started gymnastics.
We must allow a more affordable and accessible gymnastics to the communities of countless young girls who are inspired by Simone, Gabby and Laurie.
I founded my own founding of 20 years.
At my events, we offered free and affordable gymnastics in Harlem for over 15,000 urban youngsters (especially black and Hispanic) and trained national and international winners.
In September, we will be expanding to Detroit (my hometown) to offer high-quality gymnastics to young people who deserve the opportunity to learn and benefit from this great Olympic sport.
Gymnastics develops strength, flexibility and coordination for the body as well as hard work, discipline and determination for the mind.
This combination provides life-long benefits for health as well as for school and professional success.
It is the inspiration of this team that makes thousands of young girls get interested in gymnastics and that is great.
It is so important to participate in sport, especially for girls.
This is such an exciting time.
Thanks to Simone, Aly, Laurie, Gabby, and Madison for this real representation of "Girl Power" by bringing the Olympic team-mate and thank you, so many young girls with different backgrounds motivate her to start her way to becoming healthy, strong and successful young women.
Doctors want to organize further strikes after they have rejected Jeremy Hunts proposal
The ministers had hoped to put an end to the dispute over the amendments by accepting a reformed treaty with the British Medical Association, but 58 percent of the 37,000 medical assistants who voted in an election declined.
In July, Hunt had revealed plans to compulsorily enforce the contract, saying the NHS was in a "Niemandsland" and any further delay would be detrimental to employees and patients.
The first assistants are to receive a new contract, which includes changes to night and weekend work, in order to improve care at inhospitable times.
Dr Ellen McCourt, the chairman of the BMA Committee for Medical Assistants, reported last night in a communication: "Doctors continue to have serious concerns about the proposed treaty, in particular that it will fuel the current workforce crisis and refuse to treat all doctors fairly."
With only eight weeks remaining until the first group of doctors fall under the new treaty, progress must be made and time is running out.
Efforts on the part of the BMA to resolve the disputes through discussions met with the government to take part in repugnance and sometimes to deafening silence.
This happened to a promise that Jeremy Hunt had just made about last month that his door would always be open.
"Jeremy Hunt must now act, lift the imposition, and address the concerns of the assistants."
If he does not do so, the doctors have made it clear that they are ready to carry out further work-fighting measures.
The last strike At the end of April, there were a delay of almost 13,000 routine operations and 100,000 appointments, as nurses and specialists were included to cover the strike population.
The ministers had hoped to end the dispute over the amendments by accepting the reformed treaty with the British Medical Association officials.
The BMA would like a better weekly wage for the 54,000 assistants who will be subject to the contract.
Daniel Mortimer, general manager of the NHS staff, called on the assistants to end the strike.
Mortimer said, "Labor policies do not do very well, but they are already burdened by overburdened teams and service providers, and they only give patients, carers and their families worry, distress and interruption."
In the past two months, we have been talking to the Committee of Medical Assistants and responded positively to the concerns about guardianship and whistleblowing with the Ministry of Health and other ministries.
The employers hoped that the continued positive commitment to other important issues such as posting, flexibility in training, additional training for those returning from work, training, mutual recognition of the curriculum, training leave and gender pay gap in medicine were a sign of how serious the employers, health education England and the Ministry of Health were in respecting the agreements with the BMA in November, February and May.
The £ 2 per day drug that can lower heart attack risk
Thousands of heart attack patients will benefit from a £ 2 per day drug after being recommended by the authorities to administer this more people for a longer period of time.
The anticoagulant drug Ticagrelor reduces the risk of repeated heart attacks for people with a heart disease.
The medication is administered for 12 months after a heart attack, which reduces the risk of stroke or further heart attack.
The NICE regulatory body of the NHS has recommended a four-year-long dose to further reduce the risk of cardiovascular problems.
The NICE regulatory body of the NHS has recommended a four-year-long dose to further reduce the risk of cardiovascular problems.
Around 140,000 people suffer a heart attack every year and a quarter of them suffer another heart attack or a stroke.
Heart attacks and strokes are caused by accumulation of fatty material in the arterial walls that form deposits.
When the pad breaks apart, it can cause a blood clot that clogs blood flow to the heart causing a heart attack.
As the blood clot dissolves, it can flow through the bloodstream and block blood flow to the brain, causing a stroke.
People who already had a heart attack are at a higher risk of having a further one.
Ticagrelor, produced by the British company AstraZeneca and marketed under the trade name Brilique, reduces this risk by making the formation of blood clots less likely.
NICE's guidance, published today, recommends taking 90mg of ticagrelor for 12 months, followed by 60mg with twice daily intake of aspirin for the next three years.
Professor Carole Longson, director of the NICE Health Technology Assessment Center said: "Despite the availability of secondary prevention, a quarter of all people who have suffered a heart attack have a further heart attack or a stroke - often with disastrous consequences."
The fear of a new heart attack can have a significant negative impact on a person's quality of life.
Experience shows that ticagrelor in combination with aspirin is effective in reducing further heart attacks and strokes in people who already had a heart attack.
Through a preliminary recommendation from Ticagrelor, we are pleased that we are able to expand available treatment options to thousands of people who can benefit from it.
Information on the efficacy and safety of ticagrelor - especially the risk of bleeding - is limited to a period of up to three years. The guidance draft does not recommend treatment beyond this period.
Culture of Political Correctness makes electoral frauds flourish in Muslim areas
The former mayor of Tower Hamlets Lutfur Rahman was removed from office last year at the instigation of a government report for corruption
A culture of political correctness has led to the fact that widespread election fraud in Muslim communities is knowingly ignored as a crushing government report today.
The former Cabinetmember Sir Eric Pickles verbally attacks the police, election observers, and town halls to ignore evidence of abuse of choice due to "hypocrisy about religion and ethnicity".
The former Minister of Integration and Local Government, now an anti-corruption kings, said the intimidation of religious voters was so bad that the police should be allowed to set barrier bands outside election booths to protect intimidated voters.
He recommends that voters should carry an identity card to prove their identity in elections.
At the moment, a voter simply needs to name his name and address.
The report suggests applying non-removable ink to a person's finger when they cast their voices to prevent someone from dialing twice.
Whistleblowers should get more protection, says Sir Eric.
He calls for the press to have more access to community records and decisions by unofficial committees or working groups.
"This is not only against electoral fraud but also to protect the municipal government from the broader corruption and financial fraud culture associated with it," he said.
The report was ordered by Downing Street as a result of Tower Hamlet's election scandal in East London.
Last year, a special court ruled that the acting mayor, Lutfur Rahman, should be exempted from corrupt and illegal practices after a litany.
The court found that Rahman "perverted the religious feelings of his Muslim community" cynically, "and that he had silenced his critics with accusations of racism and Islamophobia.
Rahman is said to have "led his campaign on the basis that it is the religious duty of Muslims to choose him."
Up to 300 voices were either doubtful or the result of an imitation in which a person chooses as someone else.
Sir Eric said there was evidence of fraud all over the country.
In particular, he expressed an alarming response to the fraudulent correspondence - in which older members of the Muslim community had put pressure on people to choose a candidate of their choice.
Sir Eric, depicted, made several recommendations to clean the electoral system, including passing IDs to prove identity
In his report, the report stated that "pressure was being put on vulnerable members of some ethnic minorities, especially women and young people, to choose according to the will of the elderly, especially communities with a Pakistani or Bangladeshi background.
"There were concerns that ... state institutions had knowingly ignored such behavior because of" politically correct "hypocrises about ethnicity and religion."
Sir Eric spoke 50 recommendations to clean up the system, including the prohibition of political activists to edit the voting documents to stop "electoral".
The report, which is being considered by Theresa May, also calls for tougher registration checks to prevent the election list from being used for immigration and social welfare purposes.
Consider options to ask voters before the election for your ID.
Use non-removable ink on a person's finger as soon as she has cast her voice to prevent someone from dialing twice.
Systematic checks on the nationality of a person to ensure that they are entitled to vote.
A three-year limit on applications for automatic dialing.
Prohibition of political activists working on full postal and envelopes.
Give the police the power to set up barriers around polling stations.
A law amendment which facilitates an accusation of intimidation under the Representation of the People Act 1983 (Volksvertretungsgesetz 1983).
Photography prohibition in election stations.
Requirement that only English may be used in the election stations (with the exception of Wales).
Intensification of the training to ensure that the employees enforce the rule that voters go into the election booth alone.
Sir Eric falls over the Metropolitan Police and finds it "amazing" that after the Tower Hamlet's case no criminal complaint was made.
"The electoral court declared Lutfur Rahman and his deputy to be unfit for corruption and illicit practices because of a litany," he said.
He was found guilty on the basis of a number of reasons, according to the high requirements of the criminal procedure.
He also criticized the ineffective "check controls" of the electoral registration departments of the town halls.
Sir Eric said, "The judging in Tower Hamlets last year was a warning signal.
Our country, as the mother of parliaments, has a proud heritage, but the worrying and covert spread of electoral fraud and the denial of some authorities threaten this reputation.
Crazy about Kates Radler-Doppelgängerin and other famous doppelgangers of Olympic athletes in Rio
Fans of the 2016 Olympics in Rio have been out of bounds this week by the French cyclist Pauline Ferrand-Prevot, who proved to be an impressive double of the Duchess of Cambridge.
But the 24-year-old Olympian is by far not the only gold-challenged athlete to have his own famous double - at least not if one is to believe the social media.
In honor of the Olympic Games in Rio and all the famous faces that are currently flickering on our screens, FEMAIL has created a list of Olympics that have more than a certain resemblance to Hollywood celebrities.
The Hunter and the Wolf: team member of the US team in archery Brady Ellison, left, has been compared to Leonardo DiCaprio since his childhood
Apart from Kate's double-decker on the cycle track, many people on the Internet pointed out how a certain archer could be the twin of A-celebrity Leonardo DiCaprio.
The team member of the US team at Archery Brady Ellison has caused an onslaught on Twitter after appearing pictures on which he looks eerily similar to the Wolf of Wall Street Star.
In fact, the archer got the insanity in the social media and admitted that since his childhood he has been hearing that he looks like Leo.
"I do not see any big resemblance, except the facial hair," Brady told the Huffington Post.
"He's a handsome guy, so I'll take that as a compliment."
One of the most popular comparisons since London 2012 will undoubtedly be even more important this year: the striking similarity between the British farmer Greg Rutherford and the popular actor Neil Patrick Harris.
The Russian gymnast Aliya Mustafina with her big, expressive eyes is to be able to go as a double for the Cuban-American singer Gloria Estefan.
And in the swimming pool the South African swimmer Cameron van der Burgh has been compared for years to the Glee star Matthew Morrison.
One higher: This user is of the opinion that Nathan is the "athletic version" of the Inception's actor
Another persistent match was drawn between the tennis star Rafael Nadal and actor Josh Hartnett, who has similarly heavy eyebrows and lips.
Russian silver medalist Yulia Efimova has more than just sun-blown skin and blond hair like the actress Annalynne McCord, while the American Nathan Adrian was attested by fans to an "athletic version of Joseph Gordon Levitt".
Strong women: football star Hope Solo, left, and Dexter actress Jennifer Carpenter, right, have a similar facial shape and eyes
Not the only one: A Twitter user was very happy that others also noticed the similarities
Theory in the room: According to this user, there is perhaps a reason for the similarity of the couple
A Twitter user explained her satisfaction that "the rest of the internet thinks that Hope Solo and Jennifer Carpenter are nearly identical."
In fact, the US football star Hope Solo and the Dexter actress Jennifer Carpenter have an incredibly similar face shape and eyes.
Other popular comparisons included Kerri Walsh-Jennings and her smile, almost identical to that of actress Laura Linney, as well as the gold medal winner in gymnastics Gabby Douglas, who has her own beautiful, wide smile resembling that of Bring It On Star Gabrielle Union.
CBC commentator for the Olympics apologizes for his statement that Chinese swimmer "died like a pig"
Byron MacDonald's analysis on the fourth place of 14-year-old Ai Yanhan at dr 4x200m free-kicking squad shocked spectators of the CBC live broadcast of the Olmypical Games on Wednesday
The Canadian broadcaster CBC had to apologize after one of its commentators said that the 14-year-old Chinese swimmer "went off like Mief" and "like a pig" during the race.
The commentator Byron MacDonalds thought that his microphone was switched off when he gave his own opinions at the end of the 4x200m freestyle swim.
MacDonald, who had been brought into the CBS's commentator board to give more "color," could be heard saying, "This little 14-year-old Chinese girl has lost the connection, baby".
Too excited, went off like Mief, died like a pig.
Thanks for that.
The Chinese swimmer Ai Yanhan, 14, swam the second stage of the swim 1: 57.79 - 1.61 seconds slower than Canada's Taylor Ruck, allowing the Canadians to open the gap to China.
Spectators across Canada responded quickly online after being shocked by the sound and language
Emmett Macfarlane tweete, "Did the CBC commentator just said that the 14-year-old swimmer from China" died like a pig "?
The idiot did not realize they were still on the air. "
Ai Yanhan from China was described as follows: "This little 14-year-old Chinese girl has lost the connection, baby."
The criticism of Byron MacDonald on Twitter came quickly and hard, with many of them talking to him
Twitter users did not hold back when they heard how insensitive Byron MacDonald was
Another Twitter user Sarah Paradis wrote: "Wow, #ByronMacDonald.
You represent the CBC and Canada and let us all look like racists.
Shortly afterwards, Scott Russel, who moderated the CBC broadcast, apologized for the MacDonald commentary, saying, "We apologize for the commentary on a swimming performance."
It was an unfortunate choice, we are sorry that it happened. "
CBC apologized in the end over 90 times among the people who have responded to the remark about Twitter
The commentary colleague Scott Russel had to apologize on behalf of MacDonald
CBC and added his apology to more than 90 other Twitter users who complained about the comments from MacDonald
The network also apologized quickly and issued a message.
We sincerely regret that these statements were made and that they were allowed to be aired.
We apologized yesterday night to our viewers on the air and our followers in the social media.
To clarify, Byron's comments were related to the performance of the swimmer and not to her as a person.
Still, they were inadequate and an unfortunate choice. Byron is very sorry for what he said.
On Thursday afternoon, MacDonald excused himself in the show and tried to justify his remark by stating that it was not his intention that it be interpreted as a personal attack.
"I would like to take a moment to apologize for the comment I made after the women's swim in the CBC Olympics, he said.
"I've been referring to the performance of the swimmer and not to her as a person."
Of course, no disregard was intended and I am very sorry. "
Buyers in Primark indignant about woman who tried shamelessly underwear in the shop
The buyers did not know where to look when a woman took off her clothes in the middle of a primark to try underwear.
In order to aggravate the situation, she looked as she saw it, pulled it out and put it back into the shelf.
She continued to rummage through and tried four pairs of underwear in a store at the Bouverie Place shopping center in Folkestone.
The Primark store at the Bouverie Place shopping center in Folkestone, where the woman tried the underwear before putting it back on the shelf
A mother of two children, Jenny Davidson, who was at the same time in the store, said that after the mysterious woman had tried the underwear, "she dressed again and left the shop without buying anything."
She said, "People could not believe what they saw."
Standing in the middle of the sales floor, she took a pair of pantyhose out of the display, took off her own tights and trousers and tried them on.
"She did not even try to find a more discreet place to do it - she just stood there, cheeky like Oskar."
"Everyone stared as she took off the underpants, which she obviously did not like, as she put them back on the shelf."
She repeated it with three more underpants, before she finally decided that she did not like, dressed again and went out.
"She did not seem to mind watching anyone-or thinking about the person who might buy the underwear she'd tried on."
Mrs. Davidson, 33, who lives in Kent, said, "How disgusting to think that someone taking home pants with another person who was not washed and who was not washed."
The incident occurred on Tuesday afternoon.
Ms Davidson added, "As I've noticed, the employees have tried to pull the garments out of the sale after they went - which is just as good."
"I would hate to go home with a new pair of underpants and find out that another woman was wearing them and going out again and not washing them."
A spokesman from Primark said, "Primark is aware of the incident that happened in our branch in Folkstone on Tuesday, August 9."
All eligible products were withdrawn from the sale.
How to protect yourself with Krav Maga
The world outside is a dangerous place, but this video from Dailymail.com could make it a bit safer for you.
We talked to Rhon Mizrachi, a Grandmaster of the Krav Maga Association in New York, to find out how to deal with armed robbers at close range.
Regardless of whether you are approaching from the front or from behind, this video will show you how to turn the tables for your robber.
If you approach them from behind, you should turn around first so that you can see your attacker and "get out of the shot," says Mizrachi.
Then grab the weapon between your forearm and your shoulder before you hit it with your free elbow in the face.
Then strike him with the knee in the groin and twist the weapon out of his hands as the attacker collapses in pain. Hit him with the barrel in the face and move backwards while they are pointing the gun at him.
For attackers approaching from the front, the technique is similar - move your body out of the firing line, grab the weapon and twist it so that the attacker can not shoot.
At the same time, relocate the weight to the weapon and hit the attacker on the chest, then twist the gun out of its handle before moving backward and directing the gun toward him.
Sounds difficult?
Watch the video to see exactly how Mizrachi is doing it.
But remember that if you are not a Krav Maga Grandmaster, it is safest to hand over your money to a robbery.
Traveler Ian Wright scrapes his tongue at the dirtiest places in Europe
A British traveler underwent a serious examination of his immune system and gag reflex - licking some of the dirtiest and most disgusting places in Europe.
The presenter and travel author Ian Wright, 51, from Suffolk scraped his train on a euro bill, a railcaster at Piccadilly Circus, a flush button of a train toilet, and a public telephone in Russia to demonstrate the resilience of his immune system.
Before licking each object, he used a luminometer to show himself and us what he was going to do.
But the experiment, which was filmed under the title "The Lickhiker's Guide to Inner Strength", brought some surprising results to light.
The idea of licking the flush button of a train toilet, already used by thousands of others, may be completely repulsive, but actually there are more bad bacteria in a kitchen sink.
On his journey through Europe, Mr Wright spoke with doctors and medical professionals about the promotion of Darmbacteria and his own health.
Fortunately, nothing he licked left more than a bad aftertaste in his mouth.
Mr. Wright was known to test the resilience of his bowel by traveling throughout the world and eating strange and miraculous things.
From public railings at railway stations to flush buttons of toilets, the task put his immune system definitely under a sample
In the film, he said, "Already as a child, I was relatively unconcerned about my health and I put all sorts of things in my mouth, earth, worms and mud water."
In the film, he certainly lived up to his reputation.
The only thing he refused was a dirty public toilet in Russia.
His sample swab showed a luminometer count of over 4000 units.
In comparison, the luminometer count of freshly washed hands is less than 60.
But there was a Russian toilet he refused to lick after their luminometer count was over 4000 units, while freshly washed hands had one of less than 60
Mr. Wright and the Finnish producer of milk products Valio produced the travel film "The Lickhiker's Guide to Inner Strength", which shows the number of bacteria in different places like the bathroom
In the film, he says, "This is close to the worst thing I smelled in a toilet."
There's nothing dirtier than that!
I will not lick anything here, because it is disgusting inside.
"The Lickhiker's Guide to Inner Strength" was produced in collaboration with the Finnish manufacturer of milk products Valio.
The company provides Mr. Wright with Valio Gefilus, which contains both lactic acid bacteria as well as vitamin C and D to support the promotion of Darmbacteria and the immune system.
Valios Senior Venice President for Snacks, Juices and New Categories Niko Vuorenmaa says: "We really wanted to offer the consumer something new.
Something that is fascinating to look at and at the same time explains the advantages of probiotics.
We went through crazy brainstormings that ended with saying "Let's call Ian."
They claim that the interest in intestinal health becomes a global phenomenon
Instead of just talking about the products, we wanted to put them in a larger context - the good and bad bacteria in our everyday environment, the importance of intestinal health and how it is linked to the immune system.
The growing interest in intestinal health is a global phenomenon and with the documentary, we were able to provide consumers with more information in an interesting way.
I also think the movie shows that we have a great sense of humor!
Tom Hakala, who directed the film, added, "Let me say so - I would have lost my respect for Ian if he had licked some of the things I told him to lick, like the disgusting Russian toilet shown in the film."
Of course, there were things that made it easier to get Ian licking them and others that were quite difficult.
I'm glad we took some of these filthy treats on film. "
In a survey carried out by Valio in 2015, 84% of all lactic acid bacteria responded, particularly with the well-being of the stomach and intestines, and 58% said they at least occasionally use products containing lactic acid bacteria included.
Asocial family destroyed before deloging social apartment in Saltash, Cornwall
An asocial family left her social home after a delay of £ 50,000, because she had terrorized her neighbors.
Tanya Skeldon and her partner Shaun Trebilcock were thrown after a long list of complaints from their estate in Saltash, Cornwall.
After being forcibly removed from their homes, shocked employees of the housing cooperative found the property in an irreparable state.
The walls had gaping holes, wooden boards were torn open, garbage was scattered on the floor, and graffiti was smeared to the walls.
The family was relocated and it is assumed that she now lives in a private accommodation
Donna McEvoy, who works for the Housekeeping Department at Cornwall Housing, said she feared that the apartment could no longer be repaired.
She said, "It was an absolute nightmare for people here and I believe that people do not have to live this way.
There are many things to consider, as this property will probably be viewed as not so nice part of Cornwall.
The family is notorious and its reputation is the same.
The couple had three sons who lived in the apartment in the meantime, and the police said the terror that the family had inflicted on street fighting with baseball players, intimidation of local residents, drug abuse, drug trafficking and excessive cries, quarreling and cursing.
Skeldon, 47, whose name was on the lease, received an order for antisocial behavior in June.
In some rooms of the house, which may be demolished, old rubbish was found
There were drifts in the property, where drugs were traded in the past
Neighbors said they saw them fighting on the street and had to be called regularly to the police
Cornwall Housing delighted her and her partner this week by force from the property after giving them an extended period of 11 weeks to voluntarily undress.
The delogation was cheered by facilitated neighbors who said their lives were made the hell.
One said, "They did not care for anyone."
We lived 20 years next to them and it was always bad.
The countless times we tell the police here are incredible.
"This morning we could not sleep."
We stood up because it was so quiet here - we are not used to it!
Now that they are finally gone, it will be beautiful.
Adam Fitzpatrick, Neighborhood Enforcement Manager of Cornwall Housing, said the family had neglected to cooperate with the local authorities.
The family lived in the house, to which the police was called at regular intervals, for 20 years
On the overgrown side of the town hall rubbish and old toys were thrown down
He added, "It is a shame that the tenant neglected to accept any responsibility for their behavior and that of their family, as delogation is always the last step that Cornwall Housing takes into consideration.
This was a very difficult case because the behavior was extreme and their deeds had to be terribly watchful for their neighbors.
I appreciate all the work my team, the Devon and Cornwall police, as well as members of the community who have courageously approached us and provided us with the information.
I hope that this development will provide comfort to some neighbors and convey the message that antisocial behavior is not tolerated.
Fitzpatrick said that all three sons had lived in the house at different times, but that they were all over 20.
A dirty mattress left in one of the bedrooms of the house after the delogation on the floor
Workers of the house administration will now have to clear the garbage dumps surrounding the house
In 2014 the police carried out a raid in the house and found over 70g cannabis as well as scales, paraphernalia and cash in the amount of £ 1,700.
Skeldon was fined for having been guilty of possession of a Class B drug in commercial practice.
She claimed that the money was for a grave of her son, Lee Skeldon, who died in a car accident in 2013.
After they were without shelter, Tanya and her partner are now living in a private accommodation in Plymouth.
Many room walls of the house were smeared with graffiti.
The police say that they will deliberate tenants who do not follow the rules of the house
Angela Crow, from the Devon and Cornwall police, said the delogation was a clear warning to the other tenants who did not follow the rules of the house.
"This goes to those who think that they can behave without self-reproach, as well as those who have been harmed by such behavior," she said.
The Devon and Cornwall police will never tolerate criminal and antisocial behavior, which will continue to work with partners to protect our communities.
Tourists in Portugal panicked after a low-flying military jet beach flies over
Sun worshipers in Aveiro, Portugal experienced the shock of their lives
A Portuguese P-3C Orion aircraft of the air forces pushed an incredible dive
The air forces said they were on a training flight, but insisted that there was no safety risk
This was the moment when frightened tourists started panicking after a low-flying jet fell over a full beach.
Dramatic video footage showed how the military aircraft flew over the sunsets almost on the beach in Aveiro, northern Portugal.
The holidaymakers jumped on their feet as they began to worry about the noise of jet engines without first seeing what was passing through the clouds.
The incident occurred yesterday afternoon in Costa Nova, near Aveiro.
Daniel Fernandes, one of the many vacationers who posted videos of the dramatic fly-by in the social media, said, "It really flew twice very deeply and there was a moment when it looked like it would crash."
Nuno Arroja added, "I was just surfing and it felt like the plane was falling down on me."
Tourists on Aveiro beach were panicked when the plane came out of the dark and flew incredibly low
The Portuguese air forces today announced that the pilot of the P-3C Orion aircraft was on a training flight to identify fishing boats off the coast, flying so low that this was the only way to recognize them.
The spokesman said that due to the poor visibility, the jet flew a bit deeper than usual due to nearby fires, but the air forces insisted that the safety was never compromised at all.
This summer, fires have destroyed parts of the Portuguese mainland, where four people died on the island of Madeira.
The Portuguese air forces today announced that the pilot had to fly so low, because of the conditions - heavy fog and fire smoke, which restricted his view
The aircraft was on a training flight, where the pilot had to identify fishing boats as part of the exercise
Supercup: Barca with worries about Sevilla
Sevilla - FC Barcelona are struggling on Sunday to take their first win in the new football season.
The Catalans compete for the Spanish Super Cup against Sevilla, while the return takes three days later at Camp Nou.
The double winner will have to do without Neymar, who will be the Olympic football tournament with Brazil, with the undefeated Cupfinalist and ruling European League champion.
Marc-Andre ter Stegen's goalie is also missing.
The German suffered a ligament scouring in the knee in the training, with the first question at Barca at least for the time being clarified in favor of Claudio Bravo.
The Chilean International and Ter Stegen have been vying for the status of number one in Barcelona for two years.
Coach Luis Enrique has so far refrained from making a clear decision, leaving Bravo in the league, but Ter Stegen in the most other competitions.
Prior to the first mandatory game of the new season, the Spaniard's doubts about the fitness of the team, which was humiliated on Saturday in a Liverpool test by 4-0.
Also at the 3: 2 in the test gall against Sampdoria on Wednesday, Lionel Messi and co. Were not really convincing.
Sevilla have lost the 2: 3 defeat after extra time in the European Supercup against Real Madrid and strive for the second triumph at the "Supercopa de Espana".
Barcelona have eleven successes in the competition.
Ma Long in his own league to table tennis gold
Rio de Janeiro - The Chinese Ma Long is the new table tennis Olympian winner.
The 27-year-old defeated his countryman and "title defending champion" Zhang Jike 4: 0 (12,5,4,4) on Thursday in Rio de Janeiro.
The World Grand Prix first won the "Golden Grand Slam" with successes at the World Cup, World Cup, World Tour Finals and Olympics.
Bronze went to the Japanese Jun Mizutani.
The two Chinese have made it as expected in the final and made the title among themselves.
This made it clear that for the third time in a row a Chinese would bring the single title to the Five Rings.
The last non-Chinese on the top Olympic podium was former SVS-NÖ legionnaire Ryu Seung-min from South Korea.
Ma and Zhang were left alone on the record, between the sets and at time-outs they had no coaches with them.
They had retired to the grandstand and let their proteges loose in a fair competition alone.
"The matches up to here I have played for my country."
"In the finals I play for myself," Zhang had said, meaningfully.
After the game gold and silver medal winners posed with the China flag.
The match itself was unexpectedly one-sided.
Ma had to fight with his 28-year-old opponent only in the first set really.
Then he determined the tempo on the record and left Zhang as only 13 points.
The superiority of Ma did not evolve into what was to be expected.
But there was nothing to see enough breathtaking ball changes.
Mizutani won the game for bronze against the 40-year-old Vladimir Samsonov 4: 1.
The Weißrussse had suffered a rib injury in his quarter-final against the German European champion Dimitrij Ovtcharov, was then in medical treatment, "finally" had to content himself with sheet metal.
The Swedes Jan-Ove Waldner (38/2004) and Jörgen Persson (42/2008), by the way, had become Olympic-fourths in a similarly high tabletennis age.
Donald Trump admits "huge problems" in the election campaign
The leadership of the US Republicans is plagued by massive worries, even in traditionally conservative federal states, to lose their majority.
Presidential candidate Donald Trump now gave weaknesses to his election campaign in the Republican High Court of Utah.
A rare moment in which the multitillionaire, who is usually cocky and self-assured, expressed some kind of concern, as correspondents reported.
After throwing out 16 rivals within his own Republican camp, the doubts about his success in the fight for the White House are growing.
"We have tremendous problems in Utah," said Trump before evangelical Christians, asking for support in important states like Ohio, Florida, or Virginia.
According to him, false reports of his candidacy were due, he resumed his well-known media scolding.
Republican fortresses wiggle
Utah is usually a safe bank for the Republicans.
According to a survey conducted by SurveyUSA in June, Trump and his competitor were equated by the Democrats, Hillary Clinton.
Other institutions see Trump ahead, but not with the distance that is common to Republican candidates in the state.
Arizona and Georgia are also at risk.
In an interview with CNBC, Trump responded to the question of how he wanted to stop Clinton's advance: "Just as I've done so far."
And postponed afterwards: this will either be "successful" or I will make a very very nice, long vacation ".
He did nothing else than "tell the truth".
If, in the end, he did not succeed for political reasons, Trump continued.
Then I return to a very good way of life.
According to press reports, the party Trump has threatened to cancel funds in support of his election campaign should he can not present better survey results.
Instead, the Republicans' candidates for the congress would be more involved.
Olympia: Dreist fraud in doping test
The IOC wants to set up a disciplinary committee on the case.
Kenya's light athletes face unfavor after the second doping affair at the Rio de Janeiro Olympics.
After a fraud attempt in a doping control in the Olympic village, Kenya has sent a coach home.
The International Olympic Committee announced its intention to establish a disciplinary commission as soon as possible to investigate the case.
A Kenyan official had indicated that the former sprinter and today's coach, John Anzrah, had given a urine test in the Olympic village under the name of the 800-meter runners Ferguson Rotich.
This had been reported to the team leadership of Kenya by the doping controllers.
The IAAF World Federation has asked the IOC for information on the case to investigate its own, an IAAF spokesman said.
"Depending on the results of the investigation and the subsequent measures of the IOC, the IAAF will carry out an assessment," said an IAAF statement.
"He (Anzrah) has gone to the doping control station and has given himself as Ferguson Rotich, gave the test and signed it," declared Kenya's chief deputy Stephan Arap Soi.
He was in possession of the accreditation of the athlete, who was on the list for the training checks of the World Anti-Doping Agency.
In 2015, Ferguson Rotich had become world champion fourth in 800 meters.
Four days before, the Kenyan athletics delegation chief, Michael Rotich, had been withdrawn from the Rio Games.
He is supposed to have informed the athletes of his country about doping tests.
According to media reports, he was arrested on his return to Nairobi airport.
Kenya has been under special scrutiny at the IOC for a long time after numerous doping offenses.
In announcing the more than 2,000 doping control controls launched by the IOC before the Rio Games, it was unusual to note that athletes from Kenya and Russia were targeted.
The World Anti-Doping Agency had put a lot of pressure on the African country to create an anti-doping law and a functioning control system before the summer games in Brazil.
The law was passed a few weeks before the start of the Olympic Games.
As a result, WADA took Kenya from the list of countries whose doping control is compliant with the WADA rules.
Kenya is considered a great runner nation.
The athletes of the country won the most medals at the 2015 World Cup in Beijing.
In a series of television reports of the ARD, accusations have repeatedly been raised that in Kenya doping means are easily accessible and there should be a considerable mentality of the sports fraud.
IOC member Richard Pound recently requested a similar investigation in Kenya as he had done in Russian athletics.
It could be shown that this type of sport was doped and systematically doped.
Russia's athletes were then excluded from the summer games.
Salzburg "West Side Story" with Cecilia Bartoli
In the Shakespeare Year, the Salzburg Festival presents the "West Side Story" with Tony and Maria as a tragic love couple, much like Romeo and Juliet.
Including a surprising Cecilia Bartoli.
A musical conquers Salzburg: the "West Side Story", Leornard Bernstein's masterpiece.
The artistic director Cecilia Bartoli wanted to bring the musical to the temple of classical music and filled with the role of Maria a youth space.
In the orchestra pit, the Simón Bolívar Orchestra under the direction of the Venezuelan conductor Gustavo Dudamel: "This music is full of rhythm", he enthuses.
We always say that it is very Latin-American.
There are many Latin ingredients in their tempo and melody.
It is a wonderful mix, the perfect recipe for our orchestra.
I would say that we really have Bernstein's music in our blood!
In this production Bartoli plays an older Maria.
She remembers with sadness her love with Tony, while the younger Maria plays and dances.
The role of Maria always fascinated me.
Firstly because it is musically extraordinary!
And then there was Mary's personality.
She says it in her song: "I feel pretty, oh so pretty, I feel pretty and witty and bright."
So she is wise, of course also naive, and very passionate.
"It is very similar to my Italian character, which I have as a Roman," laughs Bartoli.
Dudamel is full of praise for the opera singer: "Cecilia is a wonderful artist."
It is so an honor for us to work with her.
She is an immensely generous man.
And Bartoli returns the compliment: "Dudamel is such an extraordinary artist and very passionate!"
Conducting is a necessity for him.
You see it in each of his movements, in his looks, it is his life!
It is such a huge opportunity to share this musical experience with him.
We both have a more southern temperament, a fire, a passion and a joyous approach to life, which is very important at all!
For the American director Philip Wm. McKinley, the "West Side Story" is highly contemporary: "This play is about prejudice and fanaticism."
Today we have the refugees, then the Puerto Ricans went to New York, and the New Yorkers did not want them.
They are the same themes, and they are just as relevant today as they were then.
59 years later the piece is still relevant.
London schoolgirl who joined the IS was killed in Syria
Kadiza Sultana, one of three British school girls who left London last year to join the IS, reportedly died in Syria.
The lawyer Tasnime Akunjee said that her family learned a few weeks ago of her death in Raqqa, Syria.
It was believed that she was killed by a Russian air raid in Raqqa, the bulwark of the group in the country, ITV News reported Thursday.
Sultana was 17 years old and, according to her family, died shortly after she planned to leave the war-torn country and return to England.
"One can only hope that the only good is - as a warning and warning to others that these are the risks associated with going into a war zone - to keep people from ever making that decision," said Akunjee.
In February 2015, Sultana and two other schoolgirls from the East of London boarded a plane to Turkey and then boarded a bus to the Syrian border.
Sultana's family was told that she had married an ISIS fighter in Syria - and became a widow within a few months.
Reid says Clinton will remain a candidate for the Supreme Court in the event of an election victory at Garland
Harry Reid, leader of the Democrats in the Senate, is convinced that Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton will nominate Judge Merrick Garland for the Supreme Court.
The Republicans in the Senate have blocked Garland's confirmation since his nomination by Barack Obama in March.
The majority leader in Senate Mitch McConnell is of the opinion that the next president will nominate the successor of the late Judge to the Supreme Court, Antonin Scalia.
Reid said on Thursday during a telephone conference that he expected Clinton to select Garland "with a certain degree of certainty".
A spokeswoman from Reid later said that he had not yet talked to Clinton about whether she would nominate Garland and he speculated.
He praised Garland and said Clinton's team would not worry about a new candidate.
Garland is the highest judge for the US Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia.
Raid said Republicans blocked the Garlands nomination, were lackeys and helpers of Republican Presidential Candidate Donald Trump.
He also noted that Donald Trump was unsuitable for the presidency.
Treats wants naked calendars for "women and for men"
The Treats magazine collaborates with the photographer David Bellemere to bring out a 1970s Pirelli-inspired calendar for 2017.
But instead of famous naked people, they want to find the next generation of top models for their NU Muses calendar for 2017.
The editor-in-chief of Treats Steve Shaw told us earlier this year that his nude magazine of Oldschool playboys distinguish, since "Playboy for men".
I do it for women.
Apparently he is of the opinion that the calendar also does.
"We have to return to the portrayal of timeless and classic nakedness in which both women and men feel comfortable and inspired by these images of a female body," Shaw said in a press release on the publication of the calendar.
Women will want to participate in this project because it is a wonderful work of art.
Models can submit their pictures online or in person at open casting calling in Los Angeles and New York.
Turkey: Kurdish community expects crowds
"Those who do not adjust themselves and praise Erdogan sit on packed suitcases," says the chairman of the Gülen-based Foundation Dialogue and World, Ercan Karakoyun.
The Kurdish community of Germany expects ten-thousand refugees to flee from Turkey to Germany.
In the medium term it could even be "a few hundred thousand", believes the chairman of the association Ali Toprak.
Because of the harsh Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan's move after the coup attempt, the Kurdish community of Germany expects a mass curse to Germany.
"In the short term, I am counting on tens of thousands, in the medium term with several hundred thousand refugees from Turkey in Germany, if the Erdogan regime continues to fight the minorities and the democratic opposition," says Ali Toprak.
Because the government had already overdue Kurdish strongholds with criminal acts months ago, 500,000 Kurds are fleeing within Turkey.
After the defeated coup, secular and oppositional ethnic Turks were added.
Many will want to start anew in Europe if they are further suppressed in Turkey.
"It can not be that a state that takes refugees themselves produces refugees in their own country," Toprak said.
The association commissioner complained about the targeted settlement of Syrian Arabs in Kurdish and also in Alevi cities.
With this Erdogan wants to increase the pressure to the remaining Kurds.
"They are the last major minority in Turkey, the Christian Armenians and Greeks have already been exterminated or expelled for the past hundred years," said Toprak, who is also a CDU member.
The prosecutor demanded that the federal government be positioned "as sharply as Austria against Erdogan and its supporters".
Also in Germany a "witch hunt" takes place against Erdogan critics instead.
I do not feel safe in Germany for the first time in recent months.
The German branch of the Gülen movement also fears the flight of many Turks abroad.
More Turks will seek asylum in Germany, especially Kurds and Oppositionals.
Branding as a Gülen devotee destroys teachers 'and other academics' professional existence.
"Those who do not adjust themselves and praise Erdogan sit on packed suitcases, as well as the Kemalists and secular ones," said Ercan Karakoyun, chairman of the Gülen Foundation for Dialogue and Education, the "World".
According to the newspaper, citing figures from the German Ministry of the Interior, the Turks were the largest group of asylum-seekers recognized for political persecution in Germany before the coup.
As of the reporting date of June 30, 11,386 people were thus and almost 29 per cent of all asylum seekers (39,625).
This survey does not contain those who have fled from war, poverty or lack of perspective.
Asylum seekers who are entitled to asylum under the Basic Law are exclusively persecuted, ie, politically, ie from the state side.
Mecklenburg-Vorpommern: "Go where it hurts"
Strange Mecklenburg-Vorpommern: The locals do not get anything from the summer election campaign - and the holidaymakers from North Rhine-Westphalia are not allowed to choose the state parliament.
In Mecklenburg-Vorpommern they have understood.
In 2021, the Landtag election will not take place directly at the end of the summer holidays, the Schwerin parliament has already decided earlier this year.
It is not so stupid as before: summer holidays, heat and the election of the provincial elections - that bites.
The locals, who are to be convinced by the election campaigners, are on vacation.
Most of the holidaymakers who are in the country, on Usedom, Rügen or Hiddensee on the way, are no local people, so they can not choose the state parliament.
There are also practical problems: during the holidays, helpers who hang up posters, blow up balloons, distribute flyers, and finally count votes, can only be troubled.
Until September 4, 2016, the election and last holiday day, Mecklenburg-Vorpommern has yet to pass the election campaign just past the people.
The hot phase, if one can say at all, has just begun.
And it is also about something: Minister President Erwin Sellering, leader of an SPD / CDU coalition, must be afraid of his office.
The SPD, the strongest party since 1998, is now clearly behind the CDU in polls.
What is exciting is how much newcomer AfD cuts off and what remains in the end coalition suits.
Sellering, 66 years old and since 2008 government minister, makes an almost inconspicuous acting election campaign, one from his large poster.
He travels around the country, spreads roses and talks a bit with the people, just as his legendary worthless predecessor Harald Ringstorff did.
Otherwise Seelering has got cold feet and gives Chancellor Merkel the blame for the AfD.
Their refugee policy, their "We create that" has accelerated the rise of the right-wing populists, which is probably going to cost him the nice office.
The CDU, with its top candidate, the Minister of the Interior, Lorenz Caffier, has already experienced what it is like to be at the wrong time in the right place.
Chancellor Angela Merkel has twice invited Chancellor Angela Merkel to large-scale surveys, Merkel Bundestagswahlkreis is located in the north-east.
But the target group did not agree, there were more North Rhine-Westphalia, Berlin and Saxony than Mecklenburger and Vorpommern.
"There was probably the majority of other states," complained Vincent Kokert, secretary general of the CDU in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, recently in the NDR.
But it does not pity anyone from other corners of Germany to listen to Angela Merkel once.
Otherwise, the Northeast CDU largely renounces the usual election booths at marketplaces and in front of shopping centers with umbrellas and balloons.
This, according to Kokert, plays only a "subordinate role".
The Union has also noticed that you are breaking the ground in the country, that it has to be very hard to find a wire to the people again.
It is like the left, the SPD, the Greens: scarcely available in the vastness of the country.
The advice of the CDU candidate Kokert to his colleagues is, however, also self-explanatory: "They must go where it hurts, where the people are: Dorffeste, Golden Weddings, every birthday celebration must be used".
Because much is at stake, Sellering has now called his SPD to a particularly dedicated campaign.
In surveys the Social Democrats were last with 22 per cent behind partner CDU (25) and only just before the AfD (19).
In the 2011 election the SPD had clearly won 35.6 percent ahead of the CDU (22).
The Greens, small parties with seven percent in the polls, are likely to make the leap into the state parliament.
They turn a holiday virtue into a modern virtue and move their campaign largely into the Internet.
"Online election campaign," states the country's chairman Claudia Müller.
Otherwise, green election campaigners are on track searching for local voters among tourists.
Silke Gajek, the top candidate, is curving straight with a houseboat through the Mecklenburg lakes and finds it also beautiful.
Your impression: "Election holidays in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern is not a punishment".
B27-Restructuring: Restaurants suffer from blocking
The speed with which the B 27 is rehabilitated, there is nothing to complain about.
For those responsible for the construction works, which start at 5.30 in the morning and end only around 8 pm, there is praise everywhere.
"They made everything quite jagged," says Elvira Tetzlaff from the Jet petrol station.
This is a superteam.
There is also no delay.
The construction site could be moved to the south at the beginning of the week at half-time, by the end of October everything should be ready.
We also commend the meeting of those who are responsible for the construction work, for example when it comes to the setting up of makeshift entrances.
Since the construction site on Monday migrated to the south and also the blocking of the Aspergstraße in Ofterdingen was lifted and thus also the connection to Rottenburg again exists, the traffic situation within the place has relaxed.
From Ofterdingen the citizens can now ride the B 27 on both sides again.
The evasion traffic through the village seems to go back.
"There were sometimes significant complaints," says Deputy Chief Executive Officer Florian King, responsible for traffic management management.
The residents of Bachsatzstraße, Steinlachstraße, Hafnerstraße and Weiherrain had to fight with more traffic noise, because many crawls were looking for and more familiar with their navigation than the signs.
Which led to the fact that some trucks were fraying in residential areas.
Since the speed limits were not met, the municipality increasingly demanded the measuring vehicle from Mössingen.
"There have been significant overruns," says King, who himself knew about the situation on the spot.
Since two to three per minute have been flashed.
The fastest was traveling with 77 km / h in the Tempo-30 zone.
Since the construction site has moved on, however, it has become quieter.
For the businessmen on the B 27, it is only a small consolation that the road is now open again for customers from Rottenburg.
Businessmen do not like to look at the cards.
But the fact that the B 27 renovation has led to sales slumps has left anyone you wondered through.
However, some are more affected and some are less affected.
If you have less to do with the "end customer", that is for other companies produced, the rehabilitation has hardly any consequences.
Thomas Sulz also speaks of a "maximum slight decline" at the Autohaus Maier, but also admits that, of course, the "running track" is missing.
The most crowded are the restaurants along the street.
J. Albert Göhner, owner of the Steakhouse, formerly crown, finds clear words.
This is already a threat to life.
Not only him, but all the restaurants "hit hard".
The customers from Hechingen, Balingen and Rottweil were missing.
We must be happy about every euro turnover.
The sales losses are estimated to be "well over 50 percent".
The road repair had "thrown back two years".
He had had to dismiss half of his staff.
If I had a company with 4000 employees and half would have been dismissed, the policy would have reacted differently.
Instead, Jörg Schmidt, the President of the Government, responded to a question by Göhner about whether there could be a financial compensation, that the restaurant would benefit from the advantages of the situation at B 27. Now it must also bear the disadvantages that result from the renovation.
Göhner knows from other districts, where something more generous was handled.
In all complaints, Göhner is sure that his restaurant will continue to exist.
After all, the family business has been established here since 1715, he points to the long history.
The fact that other regular visitors are now less frequent, because of the complicated traffic management, can understand.
If you can not go, it is also beautiful elsewhere.
The fact that his regular clientele will return after the end of the reconstruction work has no doubt in this regard.
Despite the crises with BSE and bird flu, Göhner considers the impact of the B 27 construction work on his customers the biggest crisis his restaurant has experienced in its long history.
Six months of construction work is already brutal.
Constitutions are constantly being made in the name of terrorism.
After the latest attacks, Minister of the Interior de Maizière now presents a thick security package.
But what does a toleration status have to do with terror?
And what does the coalition partner say to all this?
Thomas de Maizière gives the reconciler.
All his proposals are "politically reasonable" to the coalition partner, says the Federal Minister of the Interior at the presentation of his new security package.
They do not overwhelm anyone.
Other, wider points were initially discussed within the parties.
I also participate in it.
As interior minister, however, he was concerned with results and a "achievable consensus" within the coalition.
De Maizière, after the recent attacks in Würzburg and Ansbach, let a little time pass before he presented his conclusions on security in the Republic.
But they are all the more extensive.
Some are already known, announced, targeted: That a new security authority should take care of the cracking of encrypted communication is not new.
Nor is the fact that Germany has to implement several EU provisions on passenger data and arms legislation.
The call for more video surveillance and personnel for the security authorities is also not surprising.
In part, de Maizière is launching a second run for proposals that the SPD has so far failed to do: he wants to punish sympathy for terrorist groups and jihadists with dual citizenship unbutton the German passport.
"These will be difficult points for the SPD," admits the CDU man.
He considers this to be reasonable and does not call for anything that does not have any chances with the coalition partner anyway.
De Maizière also presents a few new ideas.
They have a part in themselves: they are planning rapid procedures for deportations and more possibilities for the imprisonment of people before deportation.
Refugees who are targeted in the country should first check their smartphones and reveal social media accounts for a security check.
In the case of toleration for rejected asylum seekers, he wants to make some worse than before - such as those who commit crimes or deliberately discard their papers in order to conceal their identity.
Some of this is politically and legally delicate.
There are also things that are still unsung and leave questions open.
And on some points - in the case of the uneven treatment of the tolerated, for example - the question arises: What actually has to do with security and terror?
Yes, de Maizière says it is important to differentiate between the topics of refugees and terror.
But it can not be denied that the assassins of Ansbach and Würzburg were refugees.
In addition, many people were worried about security because of the high numbers of refugees.
And things that people were deeply concerned about could not be excluded even in election times.
The internal security is enormously in the focus.
Only the attacks in the neighborhood: Paris, Copenhagen, Brussels, Nice.
Then the attacks in Würzburg and Ansbach.
The uncertainty is great.
And yes, there are election campaigns.
The Union and the SPD are therefore becoming more and more active in the area of internal security.
In the past few days, the two parties have been high.
Only a nasty dispute over the equipment of the federal police, then on a security policy collection of some interior ministers of the interior, in which the heads of departments also demand a Burka ban and a departure from the dual citizenship.
De Maizière is also concerned here with conciliatory tones.
He did not think anything of a departure from the double pass.
We have pacified the discussion in Germany.
Reopening it is not useful.
And in the case of a Burka ban, he had constitutional concerns.
Whether his own package at all corners is constitutionally determined and whether it is actually "reasonable" for the coalition partner, must first show.
There is a lot in it, which could cause dispute.
But the SPD is also currently trying to shape the issue of internal security.
"The SPD is ready to talk about everything that helps to further increase security", says Sigmar Gabriel.
Nor is Volkswagen going through lightly.
Despite Dieselskandals, the delivery figures are increasing worldwide.
But not all markets are running smoothly.
In the recall action, vortexes are a concept.
Volkswagen starts with the deliveries more cautiously in the second half-year.
Europe's largest car maker can continue to show a positive performance despite the fact that the company's diesel engines are still operating thanks to its many brands and some well-running markets.
However, in July the core brand VW weakened mainly in Western Europe and thus again burdened the total sales, as the Dax-listed company communicated.
In July, the VW brand sold 449100 cars, down 1.8 percent fewer than in the previous month.
In Western Europe alone, the second-largest market after China, sales were down 14 percent year-on-year.
In the home market of Germany, deliveries fell by almost one-sixth.
Brandvertriebschef Jürgen Stackmann led the weaker figures from July, mainly on two sales days less in Europe.
Moreover, in some core markets "purchasing power" had been retained by "changed economic conditions".
In addition to the situation surrounding the coup attempt in Turkey, the British vote also had an impact on the withdrawal from the EU, explained a spokeswoman.
In the US, where the exhaust gas escalation first escalated, there is also a further minus.
Great support for VW is the Chinese market.
All in all, the mainly affected housemark of the Lower Saxony is still light-hearted by the diesel scandal: After the first seven months, only a delivery margin of 0.9 per cent to 3.37 million vehicles is booked.
Group sales manager Fred Kappler continued to show a sales slump from January to July.
1.3 percent more vehicles were delivered by Volkswagen during this period, 5.904 million worldwide.
Volkswagen had manipulated with a software exhaust test.
Alone in Germany, VW is calling for some 2.5 million cars to be converted into the workshops.
In the course of the conversion VW confirmed that the conversion of the cars has no negative effects.
After the conversion of the vehicles there was no deterioration in fuel consumption, CO2 emissions or engine power.
According to the builder, the customer would issue a "guarantee-equivalent" certificate after the conversion, but he did not speak of a "guarantee", as it was called in company days on Friday.
The reason was legal subtleties.
The "Focus" had reported that Volkswagen now gives its German customers a guarantee for converted diesel models.
This would have confirmed VW representatives in the Federal Ministry of Transport last Monday.
It was confirmed by the Ministry of Transport that this meeting existed.
"VW has to fulfill the requirements of my investigation commission and the KBA in full."
"Deviations from this are not accepted," said Federal Minister of Transport Alexander Dobrindt (CSU), according to the ministry.
VW has taken over the warranty that no deterioration takes place after the retrofitting in the case of fuel consumption, CO2 emissions or engine power and that all vehicle approval values relevant to type approval remain unchanged.
Volkswagen itself does not use the term "guarantee" as it was called in company.
With the broad concept of "guarantee", Volkswagen sees the possibility that customers, for example six months after retrofitting, might come to a workshop with a motor damage - and this could be attributed to the new software, even if the damage has nothing to do with it.
In the interests of the customer, it is also important to avoid the possibility of any possible damage to the exhaustion dilemma resulting in uncertainty as to the possible guarantee arrangements.
Therefore VW does not use the term "guarantee".
The Raiffeisenbank Gmund am Tegernsee demands a lot of savings from future savers - as the second institute in Germany.
Bank chief Josef Paul said on Thursday: "It is only about 139 customers, who park 40 million euros on giro or day money accounts".
The Federal Association of German Banks speaks of a single case and does not see any signal: Normal savers would "not have to pay penal rates for their savings".
When banks spend money overnight at the European Central Bank (ECB), they must pay their 0.4 percent penalty.
From September, Raiffeisenbank Gmund will demand this fee from private and corporate clients for deposits of more than EUR 100,000 on giro or daily money accounts.
"The first 100,000 euros are free."
"The next 100,000 will cost 400 euros a year," said Paul.
He has been guarding for some time 40 million euros, which could be lifted from one day to the next and which he could not recycle.
"They lie with me in the central bank account and cause 0.4 percent costs," said the bank chief.
"I can not lay down 4000 euros for every million."
The costs are now passed on according to the polluter pays principle.
To leave the cash simply in the Raiffeisenbank vaults would be much too dangerous: "I've already experienced four raids, I do not want to be the fifth!" Said the head of the bank.
Most customers would understand and switch to other forms of investment.
Only a few migrated to other banks.
The Cooperative Association of Bavaria stated: "The extreme monetary policy course of the ECB causes considerable costs for all banks".
To bear them alone is "permanently unworkable".
Some German banks have therefore increased their fees for bank accounts, credit cards or bank transfers.
The Thüringer Volks- und Raiffeisenbank Altenburger Land, with its Skatbank branch in 2014, had made headlines with interest on penalties for deposits of more than three million euros.
Michael Kemmer, chief executive officer of the banking association, said: "We do not expect private customers to pay flat-rate charges for deposits, but the competition in Germany is far too strong among banks and savings banks."
A banker said there is "a clientele that is more lushly endowed with assets" at Tegernsee.
"This can become a problem for a small bank", if they are free of money.
Founded in 1911, the Genossenschaftsbank Gmund has branches in Bad Wiessee, Rottach-Egern, Kreuth and Tegernsee.
In the region famous actors, sportsmen and entrepreneurs live.
The cooperative association of Bavaria "currently no other banks are known, which charge a reimbursement of expenses for deposits of private customers," said spokesman Ernst.
The President of the Federal Association of German People's Banks and Raiffeisen Banks (BVR), Uwe Fröhlich, declared at the end of June: "The threshold to go negatively towards the private customer is very, very high."
The competition is tough, and it threatens the migration of investors to the competition.
The customers in Germany will not be pleased with the width.
Destination Records: who actually buys records?
Lonely middle-aged men love plates.
Before you rush to the comment section to sneak it out under the pseudonym NotAlleEinsamenMännerMittlerenAlters with harsh insults, this statement is derived from current data.
According to YouGov, the much-discussed re-emergence of records is not due to a boom in millennials that want to welcome the novelty of physical objects, but to mid-life nostalgia.
Those who have recently purchased a plate are most likely to be between the ages of 45 and 54.
In fact, the age group of 18-24 is the most unlikely buyer group.
It is also not a hordes of hobbies - it has an emotional meaning: older record buyers keep their feelings for themselves (56% vs. 53%) and enjoy spending time alone (69% vs. 66%).
But do you agree with the results of YouGov?
If this blog were a news report on TV, I would follow the camera as I walk in the middle of a bustling street in Soho, wear a modest gray suit and stalk wildly before I stand still, hold my hands and say something definite like, "Let's take a closer look."
So, let's take a look at it.
Even though the heart of Soho is slowly losing its charm - hotels, restaurants and offices are now filling the buildings where once independent vendors were resident - there is still a handful of fantastic plate specials.
I would probably ask the camera man to turn off the camera for the next part, where I am in close proximity to various men in such shops and try to assess their age and mind by observation.
Stuart from Glasgow, 55, whom I follow from Sister Ray (data number: two young women, three middle-aged men) to Reckless Records, is one day long for a meeting in London and goes through the shops to fill the few hours.
Is he a collector, I ask?
"I guess," he says.
I have about 3,000 or 4,000 plates.
These records, pictured above (he sent me the snapshot by e-mail, I did not follow him home), dress the walls of his living room.
The reason he has such a considerable number of albums and singles is the result of his disposable income: he is now able to buy records that he could not afford when they appeared and again to buy items that he sold when he was young and broke.
"Many things I buy are from the late 60s, early 70s, which appeared when I was 11 or 12. Things I was probably a bit too young to buy them to me," he says.
He agrees that those who buy records are more introverted and like to spend their own time, and adds, "I do not smoke and I do not drink very much.
This is my vice.
Wez, 25, who works for Sister Ray, also believes that many of the customers he meets apply to the YouGov profile.
He has also noticed a new wave of people who are influenced by the media hit, people who have heard about the comeback and are looking to buy their old records again.
From the conversations I have conducted, people have usually departed from their collection in 1998 or 1999.
Customers who once sold their records to buy CDs now sell their CDs to buy their records, "he says.
This would explain the boom in followers of the plate revival of a certain age.
But what about the supposed emotional meaning of records?
It only takes a few seconds in a shop like Phonica to realize that record stores offer a soothing community of like-minded people.
According to Wez, some of the older customers took offense at the contactless payment system.
Some record fans feel overwhelmed by the digital world and want to retreat to the stability of familiar record covers, of objects that evoke happy memories.
"I think sometimes it can be the filling of an emptiness or possession of material possessions as a kind of comfort," says Wez.
This is so with me as a collector so and I think that it is with many people like that.
It is an easy way to mentally deal.
"We are like their social workers!" A colleague from a plate pile out.
A survey by the ICM in April reveals that almost 50% of the people who bought a record last month have not listened to it yet.
The survey also found that 41% have a record player they never use, while 7% of those who buy a record have no record player.
At this time of the news report I would probably look very worried while I leaf through a stack of Bossa Nova compilations.
Jonny, 42, who works for Sounds of the Universe, has noticed a "trophy aspect" of the revival.
"Someone just came in here recently and said," I do not have a record player, but I'd like to buy a radiohead record so I can put it on the shelf, "he says.
This is not a big percentage, but it definitely happens.
More product-compliant, less music-resistant.
We have people who say, "I do not have a record player."
These are younger people, not older ones, who are only slowly coming.
Fopp, who has devoted almost a whole floor to the records, has a colorful audience when I go.
There are couples around the 70, tourists taking photos, teenage boys and middle-aged women.
Even if the atmosphere is somewhat less relaxed than in the above-mentioned shops - Wild Beast's newest synthesizer and sex-packed pop instead of experimental jazz booms out of the speakers - it is good to see such a diversity among the customers.
None of them looks very lonely, but gnawing mental trauma is hard to pinpoint when you stand next to someone for 30 seconds.
Elanora, 27, has been running around the shop for several minutes and is looking at the variety of plates available for sale.
It is more like a window shopping than a big shopping.
It does not earn much, so collecting plates is not a real option, she says.
It costs a lot.
It's easy to hear music from a computer or some other way, but the beauty of records is ... "she drifts off with a sigh of love.
I do not know how to explain it - it is truly unique.
My last stop is a store that is said to have inspired a new generation of record lovers: Urban Outfitters.
While I seem to be looking at the jeans hotpants, I watch a group of young teenage girls grouping around Polaroid cameras for a moment before a father and his daughter decide to buy a Crosley record player.
To the left is a staircase, a wall full of Adele, Jeff Buckley, Amy Winehouse and Fleetwood Mac: a mixture of contemporary music and classics, the essential records for an average collection.
No one looks at them - perhaps because they are purely decorative, some so far up that it is impossible to touch them.
It is pure "plate art".
But considering that any attraction for these items could make more money for the industry and send some customers to the depths of Soho for more, there is nothing to complain about.
It is no surprise that a population group that has more time and money than others is the one that spends most on luxury items such as plates.
Even though my research has shown that the results of YouGov are right, at least in record shops in Soho, the large number of female collectors who exist in reality, record stores and online forums are disregarded.
These people probably work hard in school or in offices.
They certainly do not spend their Thursday morning strolling through Berwick Street records and leafing through plates, while avoiding the staring gaze of an eerie, thirty-year-old fake presenter who stands out over the shoulders of unsuspecting middle-aged men.
The Greenland shark is the longest living vertebrate animal video report
Scientifically, the Greenland shark has the longest lifespan of all the vertebrates on the planet.
Julius Nielsen, who investigates sharks, says that the record lay with a female who is said to be between 272 and 512 years old and five meters long
French court denies offer of demolition of transactions in the jungle refugee camp
A French court has refused an offer from the authorities in Calais to kill dozens of provisional shops and restaurants in the jungle of Calais, home to thousands of refugees.
At a court hearing this week, the authorities in Calais argued that the state should be allowed to break down 72 provisional deals in which people within the camp sell goods, from cigarettes to energy drinks, offer hairdressing services or sell tea for 50 cents or simple meals for a few euros in provisional restaurants.
The Calais Prefecture argued that these places should be demolished because they would constitute a parallel economy from which no taxes would be paid and which would pose a fire and sanitary risk.
Humanitarian groups told the court that the shops and restaurants were important, as the free meals offered by the government-backed association and other groups would not provide enough food for the growing numbers in the camp.
They also claimed that the provisional shops and restaurants would often provide accommodation and free meals for people in need.
A court in Lille ruled that there was no legal basis for the expulsion of the 72 provisional businesses, but acknowledged that the concerns of the Calais prefecture were "absolutely comprehensible."
Judge Jean-François Molla said that the food, cafés and restaurants would play a much greater role than merely to feed people "living in extremely precarious conditions."
He said the areas offer quiet meeting points between refugees and volunteers.
One of the places threatened by tearing down was the Jungle Book Kids' Café of the Camp, which is run on a non-profit basis, offering 200 meals a day, English and French classes, as well as advice on asylum matters for the hundreds of vulnerable unaccompanied minors in the camp.
More than 170,000 people have signed the petition to protect the Kids' Café.
In a letter to the Guardian, it was said that the closure "for these children would be a disaster, of which the recent eight years are old."
The two aid organizations, Help Refugees and L'Auberge des Migrants, estimated on Friday that the number of people living in the jungle had risen to more than 9,000 people, the highest number so far, following a steep increase in new arrivals during the summer.
Despite the disappointment of the Olympics: Martin remains combative
Despite his disappointing appearance in the Olympic season, cyclist Tony Martin does not want to be left behind.
"I keep my eyes on the World Cup, remain confident and continue to fight," wrote the 31-year-old on Thursday before his departure from Rio de Janeiro at Facebook.
He has no explanation for his miserable twelfth place on Sugarloaf.
"It is hard for me to comment on yesterday's time trial," Martin said.
He had to analyze what reasons led to the debacle.
At the World Cup in Qatar in October, Martin wanted to fight for the title.
"I'll look at everything we've changed in the past."
"This also includes my position," wrote the three-time world champion who had lost on Wednesday to the 54.5 km more than three minutes to Olympian winner Fabian Cancellara (Switzerland).
Olympics: Tennisprofi Siegemund misses semi-final
The triumphal procession of Laura Siegemund ended in the quarter-finals of Rio: the World Cups from Metzingen missed by a 1: 6, 1: 6 against Monica Puig (Puerto Rico / WTA no.
34), the semi-final of the Olympic tournament.
Siegemund, who was plagued by back problems, could only be able to beat her once again and seemed to be powerless compared to the previous rounds.
On Thursday, medal hope Angelique Kerber (Kiel / No. 2) still had the chance to go into the semi-finals.
The Australian Open winner beat the Briton Johanna Konta (No. 10).
Tommy Haas was the last German tennis player to win a silver medal in Sydney in 2000.
Two German DTB starters in the quarterfinals of summer games had given it last 1992.
There was never a German duo in an Olympic semi-final.
Group increases at start-up for live video game transmissions
Watching other people playing video games is a huge success - Microsoft wants to benefit from this.
The technology company buys the start-up beam, which specializes in this hobby.
How much money for the takeover flows, Microsoft on Thursday not with.
Beam started with its offer only in January and already has more than 100,000 users.
They can watch others while playing, but they can also intervene.
For example, they can give the players missions and face enemies as well as provide equipment.
Playeriese Activision Blizzard is launching a new HD video service for the booming world of e-sports.
On the way to the global media event, Facebook should help.
The advertising industry is already listening.
The start-up team, headquartered in Seattle, Washington, has moved to the Microsoft headquarters in Redmond, California, as Beam's co-founder and chief Matt Salsamendi reported.
For customers, therefore, the takeover will not change.
Beam is integrated according to Microsoft in the video game department around the Xbox console.
The market of live streaming of video productions is currently growing rapidly.
Known platforms are Twitch and YouTube Gaming.
Twitch was bought in 2014 by the online retailer Amazon - for nearly a billion dollars.
YouTube gaming belongs to the Google mother's alphabet.
Here comes the Enforcement Trailer
Germany's racers have to adapt to the next generation of speedometers: New flash units are being tested in different federal states, including in Hesse and Brandenburg, which are supposed to transfer tempo faders particularly effectively.
The futuristic Enforcement trailers of the company Vitronic from Wiesbaden can be used, for example, at major areas of accidents where it would be too dangerous for a mobile measurement by the police.
For example, at motorway construction sites or temporary bridges with temporary tempolimit, there is often no necessary infrastructure to provide a stationary speed camera for speed limitation.
However, a permanent mobile structure can be too dangerous or complicated.
The Enforcement Trailer is self-sufficient: its battery keeps five days with continuous measuring operation, the case data is transferred encrypted over a modem.
With laser measurement technology, all vehicles can also be recorded simultaneously over several tracks.
Variable speed limits as well as transit restrictions by time, lane and vehicle class can also be monitored.
In the high state you can move the trailer according to the manufacturer with any car with trailer coupling.
So that it is not simply stolen, it is lowered in the measuring mode, so that the wheels in the armored and by the way also shuffle-safe outer cover disappear.
In addition, a built-in alarm system to protect the speed camera from vandalism.
Since 2015, the trailer has been tested and used in several federal states, according to Vitronic.
Also foreign authorities are flashing with the new technology: Recently, France has ordered 100 pieces, after an order of 150 pieces last year.
The UK is bringing silver in the 7-rugby after Fiji brings Masterclass Gold
The impressive performance of Great Britain in the 7th rugby came in the final on Thursday evening to an abrupt stop at the last hurdle in the form of the Fijis, when they were beaten with a result of 43-7 at the Deodoro Stadium here in Rio.
Fiji gave a masterclass in handling, side stepping, tracking, running, and raw strength to win gold - their first Olympic medal of any color.
The defeat was sweetened by the not so bad trophy of the silver medal - the UK's fourth on that day - and they could be proud of their efforts in this tournament in which they beat New Zealand, Argentina and South Africa.
The clear defeat of the Boks, 7-5 in the semifinal on the same day might fall back on them in the final.
But regardless of this, Fiji would have hit a 15-man team in the best form.
It could be a consolation for GB - but probably not - that at least a British will have a gold medal hanging around his neck tomorrow: Fiji's chief Ben Ryan, the former head for England from Wimbledon.
GB had a difficult road behind it.
Eight years ago, they lost every game at the Adelaide Sevens under Ryan.
Here they lost only one.
This blow will hurt, but the progress is amazing.
Fiji started wonderfully and let GB's attacks bounce off for fun.
It felt like the captain Tom Mitchell and Co. were running in the running buses. The World Series winners went 5-0 up as Osea Kolinisau rushed in the corner.
With another four minutes of play, Jerry Tuwai added another attack from the right corner, which he converted.
12-0 and GB has hardly tackled the ball.
A prominent tackle from Mitchell stopped the mountain from Man Leone Nakarawa to score a third goal, but it has stopped Fiji.
In the seventh minute Jasa Veremalua leveled a touchdown in the right corner and it was 0-17 for GB.
Nakarawa added a new one since the re-start and there was still a one-minute game time ... in the first half.
Vatemo Ravouvou broke through the GB team's weak tackle and went to the line to score a goal.
The conversion brought a 29-0 to the break.
It is as if Fiji was born to play the 7, while GB is still there.
So it is.
GB made major changes at half time, closing the Fijian gap ... for a full four minutes, which was good for the conditions of the first half until Josua Tuisova went through after a brilliant interim play from Fiji.
Dan Norton started a test for GB, made a touchdown in the left corner for a 36-7, but the game had long gone in favor of the South Seesulians whose fans were singing, waving flags and dancing in the stands.
It was not hard to admire Fijis' playful approach.
Mata Viliame put the icing on the cake with another try in the last few seconds.
The whistle sounded, the Fijis embraced each other and GB kicked killingly into the lawn.
Earlier in the day Fiji Japan had defeated 20-5 in the semi-finals and the United Kingdom pushed South Africa in a tight semi-final match - Britain's transformation of the difference.
Kyle Brown brought the Boks forward in the first half but Dan Norton broke through the line with an impressive footwork and scored a goal under the post in the second half.
A brilliant late tackle by Marcus Watson, brother of Anthony of the English 15-Aside team, secured the win - and thus the silver medal.
Helen Glover and Heather Stanning have been inspired by the trainer's cancer to ride the helm
There will be no more emotinal gold than with these games and that will mean something.
From the first helm to the last, 220 hard hieve that go down in history, Helen Glover and Heather Stanning found an additional meaning in their golden moment at Estacio da Lagoa.
Even if they were only the two who were at the helm, there were three voices in the boat. Robin Williams' echo was all-rounder as they rowed to the second Olympic gold medal in the second without the helm, the first women in the history of British sport.
Their dominance was absolute, after all their unbeaten run, which is also unprecedented.
What we see are two brilliant athletes who glide over the surface with the elegance of swans, which does not reflect the kind of triumph to the full.
Behind every gold in the row is a battalion of willing helpers who contribute to the incremental advances that make the difference and no one was more helpful than the trainer who did not know 30 months ago if he would ever survive the day when cancer was diagnosed.
As he said, he was risky.
I had bladder cancer that is operable and they did.
If you do not, it spreads everywhere.
It would have been a pretty bad situation.
It changes the view somewhat.
Williams was diagnosed in December 2013.
The trio was lucky to be able to start treatment in early 2014, off-season, which would keep the interruption to a minimum, if that is the right term under such circumstances.
I needed money, so I had to get better soon.
It was an incentive.
I was in the hospital and ran around the station - 20 feet, 30 feet, 50 feet at a time when they said a few steps would suffice.
This is how it begins.
Rowing itself is a challenge, but it makes it even bigger.
In the immediacy of the victory their first thoughts went to Williams, who spent a nerve-racking morning talking more than usual, trying to deal with his own fears.
Stanning, who was the main man at the Royal Artillery Regiment in Afghanistan, said, "I was an emotional wreck this week, which is perhaps something extreme, but it means so much."
It only repeats how much it means to me how much I and Helen and Robin have worked.
There were three fantastic years with Helen and Robin.
Without Robin, we would be no one, so a massive thank you to him. He is the best coach in the world.
I could not have asked for a better person to train or a better coach.
Helena Glover and Heather Stanning have not lost a race in the past five years.
The pair had a hard rhythm with which their opponents could not keep up.
Even in the last 500 meters, when the teams from New Zealand and Denmark began to unlock, Stanning and Glover had too much in reserve.
We were very caught right now.
Helen cried "stay in the process, stay in the process".
It is really important not to get carried away.
We had a good start and at the same time we were not looking to make something great.
We did not want a fireworks today, we just wanted to get a good result, go out and win the race, which we did.
The couple will take a break for a year before making decisions about their future.
Glover must appear next week at a wedding, her own with TV adventurer Steve Backshall.
Now she just wants to enjoy the moment.
I did not want to say that was my last race.
That would have meant too much pressure.
In London it took about six months to understand that I am an Olympian winner.
It was all so new to me and I was so stressed.
It took about four minutes.
It feels so much better, "she said.
31 years of exemplary clarity
The managing director of the Wasserzweckverband "Veitensteingruppe", Ruppert Göller, retires.
The association is regarded as "exemplary in Bavaria".
A small Franconian drinking water association as a model for the large water producers.
So it was called some time ago in the original sound in a contribution of the Bavarian Rundfunks.
A little later, the government's water forum paid tribute to the government of underfiles.
The work of the Veitensteingruppe was "exemplary in Bavaria".
Behind all this, Rupert Göller, who has been a member of the Employees' Association for 31 years, has 28 years as Managing Director.
Now he was retired at the age of 65.
The Drinking Water Purification Association of the Veitsteingruppe, headquartered in Kottendorf, municipality of Bretbrunn, promotes about 150000 cubic meters of water annually and supplies 32 villages and hamlets with about 5500 inhabitants.
The communities Kirchlauter, Breitbrunn, Lauter, Ebelsbach and the city of Baunach are members of the municipality.
Water supply contracts exist for other cities and municipalities.
The current chairman, Breitbrunn's mayoress Gertrud Bühl (FW), reminded that Rupert Göller was hired as water manager in 1985 and was appointed Managing Director of the Special Purpose Association in 1988.
"His tasks have been very diverse, ranging from water pipeline construction and maintenance to office and organizational activities, budgeting, calculation of fees and contributions to emergency situations on weekends," the chairman said.
In 1994, the company announced that it had commissioned and inaugurated the new wells (1994), land purchases in the area of the new wells (1998) and compensation for farmers, refurbishment of high containers (1999), new acquisition of a central computer control system (2004) and partial renewal of water pipes.
There has been no standstill at all, and innovations have been introduced since water is life and drinking water is the most important food.
In her laudation she praised Göller's faithful, reliable and correct service for over 31 years.
He has worked with a lot of Herzblut for his Wasserzweckverband and he has lived the Wasserzweckverband rightly, as if it were his own enterprise.
Just a few weeks ago, he had been able to present the success concept of the group of companies for nitrate reduction before the water forum of the district of Unterfranken.
For this he received a lot of recognition and praise.
Rupert Göller praised Wasserwart Alfons Griebel, who had worked with him for 28 years.
He is the best water keeper and he was a faithful squire.
Together we were an unbeatable team.
As highlights from his point of view, he described the well construction and the restructuring of the purpose organization.
However, the biggest challenge and the most difficult application were the pipe break at the Hochbehälter near Kirchlauter on 3 January.
Here they had to work at minus 17 degrees throughout the night, so that the localities could be supplied with water.
Also the supply of Neubrunn could only be maintained, because one filled the high container of Pettstadt with hoses.
The management of the Trinkwasserzweckverband was handed over to Daniel Stürmer from Lauter, who succeeded Rupert Göller.
The soprano Anna Netrebko is openly discussing the autism of her son Tiago - and turns to other affected parents: "You must have the courage to talk about it."
"Medicine has made great progress," said 44-year-old Italian newspaper Corriere della Sera.
When the disease had been recognized by her son, she had thought she must die.
The now eight-year-old Tiago, however, had come along well and now learn privately in New York, where there are the best therapists.
"To give an example: If I ask him something, which is two years ago, when I sang at the Milan Scala, he does not remember anything," said Netrebko.
But he is the happiest man on earth.
Tiago is from Netrebko's connection with the bass baritone Erwin Schrott.
She is now married to the tenor Yusif Eyvazov.
Relationship act in Bargteheide - man shoots at life companion
A 35-year-old man shot his partner in a multi-family house in Bargteheide (Kreis Stormarn) on Friday, around 10.45 am, and killed her deadly.
"The man himself called us and stated that he had shot his wife," said a police officer.
The perpetrator was on the run, after him was publicly searched.
Meanwhile, nationwide, because Sven S. could be traveling by car.
The man is about 1.80 meters tall, muscular, brown-burned and has a bald head.
Meanwhile the police have published a photo of him.
However, it is a few years old.
Meanwhile, the man is wearing a bald head.
The man should not be addressed directly.
He could still carry the gun with him, according to the police.
Whoever sees Sven S. is to call the 110.
The police speak of a "relationship act".
The victim was born in 1988, the perpetrator was 1981.
The responsible police in Lübeck did not initially want to provide any information about the situation or the relationship between the perpetrator and the victim, but confirmed that a person had been killed.
"It's a kill-up."
"We do not say more at the moment," said a police officer in Lübeck.
According to eyewitnesses, a special mission commando (SEC) was at the scene.
Steel - light sight for German steel industry
The crisis-stricken and energy-intensive German steel industry is spared from additional costs in millions of euros.
Financial strains, which threatened the industry from the promotion of green electricity, are off the table.
In the case of the exemption from the Renewable Energies apportionment in the existing facilities, the Federal Minister of the Economy, Sigmar Gabriel (SPD) of the "Westdeutsche Allgemeine Zeitung" (WAZ, Friday edition) said that the German steel industry was to be freed from the Renewable Energies.
"I am really glad that we could finally achieve this after two years of tough negotiations."
The European Commission had therefore initially planned to ask steel producers, who use gases from the blast furnace to generate electricity for their own consumption.
According to the German industry association, the steel industry was facing additional costs of € 120 to 240 million per year.
Gabriel told the WAZ that there is now a basic agreement with the EU Commission after discussions with Competition Commissioner Margrethe Vestager.
Only when the generators in the steelworks were replaced did an EEG apportionment of 20 per cent occur.
But this too is not collected in the steel industry.
IG Metall welcomed the unification of Germany with the EU Commission on the generation of own power.
Thus, the status quo of the previous regulation is largely fixed.
Gabriel's successful efforts for the steel industry are of particular importance.
"With regard to our campaign 'Steel is the future', this is a first step."
"Others must follow."
"Climate and employment targets are also to be weighed in the reform of emissions trading," IG Metall CEO Jörg Hofmann explained in Frankfurt.
Since the financial crisis in 2008, the steel sector in Europe has suffered from overcapacity and a considerable price pressure.
Last year, the situation intensified further as the world's largest producer country stepped up steel on the world market in the face of the weaker domestic demand.
European manufacturers are imposing price dumping on Chinese steel groups.
In the course of this spring the situation has relaxed somewhat.
On the one hand, import duties imposed on imported steel have acted, and on the other hand economic prospects have brightened in China.
It is unclear how sustainable the price recovery is.
The German industry prime Thyssenkrupp remained cautious on Thursday.
In the end, prices had stagnated again.
The industry is reacting to the difficult situation with further cost reductions.
Thyssenkrupp did not want to exclude the closure of individual works.
In the German steel industry, around 86,000 people were employed at the end of 2015.
In July, German steel producers remain cautious despite rising prices and increasing orders.
At 3.4 million tons, they produced well six percent less crude steel than in the previous month, as the steel industry association announced on Friday.
After a short increase in May the quantity produced now went back one after the other for the second month.
Since the beginning of the year, production has been two percent below the previous year's figure.
The Association expects an increase in output in the coming months thanks to an improved order situation.
Community, spirit, health: Singing is good for seniors
Ursel Kipp has been involved in singing her whole life: as a young girl she was in the school choir, she studied music in her lehramt studies, and today the 78-year-old sings in a senior choir.
"Singing moves me - emotionally and physically," she says.
After a rehearsal, she feels balanced, cheerful and altogether livelier, she says.
By the way, she does something good for her health and her spirit.
Singing is a great hobby for seniors from several perspectives, says Erhard Hackler from the German Senior Citizens League.
Most seniors sing in chorus and share the joy of the music with like-minded people, describes Hackler.
Through the regular gathering, seniors can socialize and cultivate social contacts.
Because social and family structures often disappear in old age, a choir is then an ideal opportunity to spend time with other people.
This experience has also been made by Ursel Kipp in her choir: "To be able to talk and to organize, to be able to rely on the others and to learn from each other - a choir is a very special form of cooperation".
Singing can be strenuous in the positive sense, says Hackler.
For this, seniors train a deep and controlled breathing.
If you regularly ask for your lungs, you do not get so fast out of your daily routine.
Even when it comes to keeping the tone of the voice in old age, singing is an ideal hobby.
Singen has often had a very special effect on the elderly, says Ursula Lenz from the Bundesarbeitsgemeinschaft der Senioren-Organisationen.
In the older generations the singing together had a much higher priority, it was part of everyday life, both in school and in leisure time, she explains.
Lenz often observes that singing or listening to songs in the elderly arouses many memories, often associated with positive feelings of their youth.
Through song texts and particularly melodies, even dementia patients recall long-standing events.
When singing, the head is also called for a special performance, explains Lenz.
At the same time, concentrating on one's own voice and on a given rhythm while adapting to the other singers is a great cognitive challenge.
Older people, who live alone, practice not only to concentrate on themselves.
Another positive aspect is the recognition one gets through the singing in a choir, says Hackler.
An enthusiastic audience is a great praise.
Self-esteem also grows through singing in a choir.
To show oneself: When I practice for a long time, I become better and grow beyond myself - this experience strengthens.
Good reasons to start singing, there is enough.
Anyone who wants to try out a new hobby should not hesitate - even if he means to have little talent, advises Lenz.
One does not sing alone - in 50 singing people, who is listening to it when a sound goes wrong?
In the search for the right offer, seniors have different possibilities, says Hackler.
If someone from the circle of acquaintances sings in a seniors' choir, one can simply join.
Many cities also offer surveys on the choirs in the area.
If you want to sing in a church choir, you can go directly to the church or the church head.
Many seniors choirs can also be found on the Internet.
If you do not have access to the Internet, you can ask the family, friends or neighbors for help with internet searches.
If you want to sing, you should definitely join a choir, Hackler advises.
Singing does the soul well and has something liberating - that is true for all ages.
Cats react more sensitively as hangovers to cries of the beasts
In Hanover, biologists have investigated the effects of calling cats on adult animals.
To their surprise, the meowing did not leave the males cold - but they always behaved the same as the females.
Female cats can recognize the excitement of catbabies at the meow of the small.
They react ten per cent faster to sounds of kittens, who are in great need, as scientists from the Veterinary College and the Medical University of Hannover (MHH) have found out.
Kater also respond to the calls of kittens - however, always the same.
"Apparently the acoustic differences between the meandering of less and strongly excited young animals are either not perceptible or not important for the males," said biologist Wiebke Konerding of the MHH.
She is the first author of the study published this Friday in the specialist magazine "BMC Evolutionary Biology".
In a previous study the researcher had already found out that the duration and pitch of the kitten cries differed with the urgency of their need for help.
A total of nine adult cats and eight kittens from the animal husbandry of the MHH were observed.
On the one hand, they were called by small children, who were taken out of the throwing box for three minutes and separated from mother and siblings.
On the other hand, they were confronted with cries of more excited kittens, which were additionally raised.
The researchers consider their results to be meaningful despite the low sample.
"All females, even those who did not have their own offspring, responded differently to the screams," said Konerding.
They turned to the loudspeaker more quickly when the calls of the more excited kitties took place.
This ability is possibly congenital or develops with the sexual maturity.
"One surprise was that the males have responded at all," said the biologist.
In the past, scientists have repeatedly investigated the reactions of women and men to baby sounds in humans.
Some studies also showed that women reacted more sensitively to infants, whether they were already mothers or not, reports the biologist Marina Scheumann.
Podolski takes "Gala" after Supercup
Hakan Sükür is a football legend in Turkey.
A warrant of arrest has been issued in Turkey against former footballer Hakan Sükür.
He is accused of being a member of a terrorist group.
For the first time after the coup attempt an important football game takes place in Turkey.
Before the match between Besiktas Istanbul and Lukas Podolskis Galatasaray Istanbul for the Supercup in Konya, the official line is clear: "Business as usual" is announced.
Even in the imposition of the state of emergency after the coup attempt in July, the government argued that the everyday life of ordinary citizens should not be impaired.
But this does not apply to those who are suspected of belonging to the movement of preacher Fethullah Gülen, who is responsible for the coup attempt.
Even before the football is not stopped.
Against the former Starkicker Hakan Sükür, the prosecutor issued a warrant for arrest.
Accordingly, the South Sudan now living in America is accused of being a member of a terrorist group.
Sükür is supposed to be a supporter of the preacher Fethullah Gülen, who is blamed by the President of the Republic, Recep Tayyip Erdogan, for the coup attempt.
It is true that the state of exile, which was initially imposed for 90 days, still applies until October, but in fact this has almost no effect on the lives of most Turks.
The nightly "democracy guards" in public places across the country has declared Erdogan on Wednesday for finished.
The sport, like the whole country, is divided into the followers and opponents of Erdogan.
Especially fans of the Besiktas workers' club traditionally do not belong to the president's friends.
However, the majority of the Turks are united by dramatic experiences in history, which is the strict rejection of military putsches.
Even the fans agree - no matter if their hearts beat for Galatasaray or Besiktas.
At the Pokal winner "Gala", Lukas Podolski will be particularly keen to return.
His sporting achievement proved the Cologne in the past season: With 17 goals and nine templates in all competitions, the 31-year-old finished his first season as top scorer of his club.
In the final against Fenerbahce he scored the 1: 0-winner.
The newspaper "Fanatik" cheered him: "He was the best in the square."
He finished the season in an excellent way and secured his trophy for his team.
Thanks to "Poldi" the disappointing season for the record champion was a conciliatory conclusion.
After the preliminary knockout knockout in the Champions League, the "Löwen" departed early in the Europa League.
In the Süper Lig it was only sixth.
The season was not good.
The trophy was the only way to win something.
"We did it and that's the most important thing," said Podolski.
For Master Besiktas, the year went better.
Above all thanks to Mario Gomez, who laid the basis for the 14th title with 26 Sais matches as a Süper Lig goalkeeper.
This is also the reason that the fans continue to hope for the return of the 31-year-old.
The Gomez, who was under contract at the AC Florence and only loaned to Besiktas, had announced after the coup attempt that he would not return because of the political situation in the country after his EM-holidays.
"If Mario wants to come to us, he just has to say it," quoted the specialist magazine "Kicker" Clubchef Fikret Orman.
However, the striker would have to be prepared to forgo a third of his annual salary worth 7.5 million euros, Orman said: "We can not pay his salary in Florence".
Despite doping: these athletes still have medal opportunities at the Olympics in Rio
34-year-old Justin Gatlin had already been suspended twice because of doping (2001 and 2006).
Rio de Janeiro - Whistleblower Julia Stepanova is not allowed to start in Rio.
Other athletic athletes can only laugh at it - they fight for medals in Rio.
The issue of doping still determines the headlines at the Rio Olympics.
The Russian swimmer, Yulia Jefimova, who had sued her right of entry shortly before the games after a doping ban, was mercilessly knocked out and booed at her start (100 meters breast).
There was a bizarre scene: with a raised smile, she had strolled into the hall and had provoked with her appearance.
The audience broke into a jubilee when it was clear that they were not going to get gold.
But there are a lot of other athletes who are going to take part in the Olympics in Rio despite the doping past.
Here is an overview:
Justin Gatlin (100, 200, 4x100 m-relay / USA): The 34-year-old is one of the most controversial figures in athletics.
He has already been banned twice for doping (2001 and 2006 to 2010).
Since his spell, the Olympian winner of 2004 and ex-world champion even faster than before, he is the number one in the world over 100 m in 9.80 seconds and is considered the biggest challenger of Usain Bolt.
Shelly-Ann Fraser-Pryce (100, 4x100 m relay / Jamaica): The two-time Olympic champion and seven-time world champion had to hold a six-month suspension after her taking the painkiller Oxycodone.
She had a strong toothache after an operation, the 29-year-old defended herself.
Sandra Perkovic (Diskus / Croatia): In 2011, the Olympic champion of 2012, world champion of 2013 and European champion from 2010 to 2016 was positively tested for the forbidden stimulant medium methylhexanamine.
Perkovic denied knowledge and was suspended for six months.
The four longest throws this year will go to the account of the big gold favorite.
LaShawn Merritt (200, 400, 4x400-m-Relay / USA): The Beijing Olympian winner and two-time world champion over 400 m, had been positively tested in 2010 and blocked for 21 months.
A means for penis enlargement was responsible, replied Merritt.
This year, the 30-year-old is over 200 and 400 m the fastest man in the world.
Iwan Tichon (hammer throw, Belarus): It was hardly an athlete who was able to recognize so many medals.
Thus, Tichon lost his world title of 2005 nine years later, after him testosterone doping was determined.
The 40-year-old also had to surrender Olympic silver 2004 due to steroid doping and the 2006 European Championship due to testosterone abuse.
The bronze medal of the Olympic Games 2008, which was likewise known, was returned on the basis of a judgment of the International Court of Sports Court CAS.
With 80.04 m he is second in the world ranking.
Liu Hong (20 km walking, China): The world record holder and gold favorite was only tested in May but can still start in Rio.
The 29-year-old world champion has found evidence of the use of a prohibited dietary supplement, and the ban on the world anti-doping agency WADA has been mild and has already started on 13 July.
Bombenterror in Thailand - Austrian injured - Several dead
The Austrian embassy in Thailand is in contact with the woman, said the speaker of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Thomas Schnöll, Freitagfrüh.
She had suffered cuts and had been treated in the hospital, but she had already left her.
She planned her return home for the beginning of September.
Whether the further explosions on the tourist island of Phuket, as well as in the southern cities of Surat Thani, Phang Nga, Trang and Chumphon also Austrian citizens are affected, is still unclear.
The foreign ministry is in constant contact with local authorities, says Schnöll.
In the Hua Hin, about 200 kilometers south of the capital Bangkok, two bombs exploded in a nightlife area on Thursday evening.
According to police, a Thai woman was killed and some 20 people were injured, including the Austrian, three Germans, three Dutchmen and three Italians.
On Friday morning, another two bombshells went up again, according to the authorities, another person was killed.
A bomb explosion was also reported in the morning from Phuket.
At the detonation near the Patong beach, which was popular with tourists, a taxi driver was injured.
In Surat Thani on the southeast coast of the country, another bomb exploded, killing an urban employee.
According to the authorities, the blast gun had burst into the air in a flowerbed in front of the police station.
Finally, detonations in Phang Nga and Trang on the southwest coast as well as in Chumphon on the southeast coast demanded several injuries.
They are talking about a connection with the explosions in Hua Hin, they said.
"The bombshells carry the same manuscript," said army general Danai Kritmethavee Friday morning before journalists.
"We assume that this is a coordinated attack."
It was too early to comment on possible motives - but probably the deeds of Muslim rebels.
In the attacks, Thai media also wanted to recognize a pattern typical of the bombing of Muslim separatists in the south of the country.
The Thai police, on the other hand, declared that the assassinations were not related to the Islamic uprising movement or to international terrorism.
"This is only local sabotage, limited to limited areas and provinces," said a spokesman in Bangkok.
Rather, it is assumed that the bombs were placed by opponents of the ruling military junta.
The authorities had received intelligence in the past few days about the impending attacks in the south of the country, but they had not been informed of the exact date and places.
It is still unclear which group is behind the attacks.
The police instructed their officials across the country to strengthen security around important government buildings as well as airports, train stations, tourist attractions, restaurants and entertainment areas.
In Thailand there are always small bomb attacks, but they are mostly not directed against tourists.
In Hua Hin lies a palace, which was used for years by Thailand's King Bhumibol Adulyadej.
After the recent bomb explosions, the Austrian Foreign Ministry on its website recommends that the Thai security authorities strictly follow the instructions.
High security risk (security level 3) applies to the provinces of Narathiwat, Yala, Pattani and Songhkla as well as Preah Vihear and the surrounding area.
After disputes between the security forces and the Muslim population, it is advised not to travel to these provinces.
Increased security risk (security level 2) applies to the rest of the country.
The attacks on Thursday and Friday took place a few days after a controversial referendum on a constitution prepared by the military junta.
This will also give the military great influence in the coming years.
Junta chief and prime minister Prayut Chan-o-cha said the bombs had been an attempt to create chaos as the country moved towards stability, an improvement in the economic situation and tourism.
The militia, which had taken power after a period of bloody unrest in 2014, has benefited itself in having restored the kingdom to stability and order.
However, the military has not succeeded in getting to grips with the rebellion of Muslim rebels, which has been smoldering for years in the far south.
In the conflict, more than 6500 people have already been killed.
Just over a year ago, 20 people were killed in a bombing of a popular Hindu shrine - most of them foreign tourists.
It was the most bloody attack on the country's recent history.
The right "identity movement" has become the target of the Federal Office for Protection of the Constitution.
After several state offices, the constitutional protectionists in the Confederation also placed the group under observation.
"We see the" identity movement "as a sign of efforts to achieve the democratic freedom of the democratic order," said Hans-Georg Maaßen, constitutional protection chief of the German Press Agency in Berlin.
Thus, immigrants of Islamic faith or from the Middle East are defamed extremistically.
That is why we are now watching the movement.
The "Identity Movement" is a grouping of French roots that has been active in Germany since 2012.
It turns against "multicultural madness", "uncontrolled mass migration" and the "loss of one's own identity by means of alienation".
Constitutionalists in nine federal states - Bremen, Bavaria, Hesse, Berlin, Baden-Wuerttemberg, NRW, Lower Saxony, Saxony and Thuringia - are already observing the "identity".
Maaßen said that his authority had worked closely with the Landesamtes on the decision.
"Groups like the 'Identity Movement' are trying to get their target group where they are," said the Constitutional Commissioner.
In general, extremists try to address them with a youthful language, often with poppy music.
The Islamists as well as the right-wing extremists.
This is not a commercial advertisement for your own cause.
The propaganda should appeal to the people emotionally.
Young people are particularly vulnerable.
This is dangerous.
Recently, several federal states reported on contacts of the "identities" with AfD politicians.
Maaßen said that he had no knowledge about this.
For the protection of the constitution, possible contacts of this kind are only relevant from a certain point onwards.
It is a question of whether the respective party - in this case the AfD - is changing its direction of direction by certain persons who are extremist, and becomes so extremist.
It is therefore decisive whether such persons have a controlling influence on the party.
This is not apparent.
With a view to the significant increase in the number of right-wing crimes and attacks on asylum seekers and refugee shelters, Maaßen said that he would not be talking about terrorism again.
But in the last few years we have noticed that there can be a right-wing terrorist structure.
There was the group 'Old School Society' or the Freital group.
It may well be that other right-wing terrorist groupings or microgroups are formed that plan attacks against asylum seekers, refugees' homes or attacks from other right-wing extremists.
A German-wide or Europe-wide control of legal terrorism is however not recognizable.
The existing groups were created at the regional level or in social networks.
Worried, Maaßen was concerned that many of the attacks were on the account of people who had not previously appeared in the right scene.
This is the cause of concern.
Many of the suspects were not previously known as criminals, politically motivated offenders, or supporters of the right-wing scene.
"So many people have committed crimes that were previously unchecked by right-wing extremists, who were perhaps politically indifferent or who, for example, chose the CDU, the SPD, or the left, which then radicalized themselves by right-wing extremist sentiment."
Rio 2016: Robel Kiros Habte becomes Internethit
The Olympics or world records do not always determine the headlines at the Olympic Games.
This shows the courageous appearance of Robel Kiros Habte during the summer games in Rio de Janeiro.
At the Aquatics Center, the slightly overweight swimmer from Ethiopia swam so slowly that he was temporarily out of sight in the TV pictures.
He simply disappeared - no matter how far the section was selected.
In the social networks, Habte subsequently became a viral interneethite.
In fact, the 24-year-old finished his lead with a lag of 48 seconds and finished 59th place with 59 starters.
But it was more of a non-athletic figure that drew the attention of the international media.
Why does the 24-year-old take part in the Olympics?
The Ethiopian got a special start right from the international swimming association.
This is distributed to promote swimming in underrepresented countries.
Since in Ethiopia most athletes are running, Habte simply wanted to do something different.
Preparation is everything: Robel Kiros Habte is ready for the big race.
The first nicknames quickly made the rounds.
Some media called him "Robel the Whale".
The English tabloid "The Sun" made fun of "Dad Bod" on the basis of a "prosperous belly".
His time, he did not hit the 100 meter free-kick with a minute and almost five seconds, did not matter.
Comparisons with "Eric the Eel" were also drawn.
At the Sydney Olympics in Sydney, Eric Moussambani's run ensured media attention.
Unforgettable was the appearance of the floater from Equatorial Guinea, when he had to compete in a prelude over 100 meters of Freistil alone.
Frenetically, Moussambani was fired at the time.
The then 22-year-old learned to swim only eight months before the Olympics and had never completed such a long distance before the competition.
A seat in the front row to the breathtaking architecture of the Central Library of Los Angeles
Learn more about the history of the Central Library in the downtown area, as the Society of Architectural Historians / Southern California Chapter holds a salon with Arnold Schwartzman and Stephen Gee, the authors of the new book "Los Angeles Central Library: A History of Its Art and Architecture."
It is planned that Gee and Schwartmann will discuss and share pictures of the 1926 Bertram Goodhue Designs as well as the 1993 restoration and addition of Hardy Holzman Pfeiffer Associates.
The Salon is open for the 21st August from 14.00 to 16.00 in the Salle Moderne in the Art Deco School of Law (formerly Bullocks Wilshire), 3050 Wilshire Blvd.
Visitors can visit the central hall, the style rooms, the cactus lounge and the tea room.
Only presale tickets; SAH / SCC members, $ 15; non-members, $ 25.
An open Industrieloft in DTLA gets a cozy makeover
We are celebrating the 90th birthday of the central library of L.A. with - what else? - a new book
Geretsried - The owner of a store on the Neuer Platz has been robbed.
According to the police, the 67-year-old Geretsrieder left her shop on Monday around 5.30 pm, forgetting to close a window on the ground floor.
When she came back at 8:15 am the next morning, about 250 Euros had disappeared from the box office.
Traces of the perpetrator could not be found.
Video surveillance is not available either.
Trump does not see the impending election defeat so closely
The Republican Presidential Candidate Donald Trump speaks at an election campaign in Florida.
If it were not for the election to the US president, Donald Trump already has an alternative idea.
He just went on vacation.
If Donald Trump loses the US presidential elections in November, he would not care about it: "Ultimately, it will either work out, or I have a very, very nice, long holiday," said the Republican candidate in a telephone interview with the US television station CNBC.
If, in the end, he did not succeed for political reasons, Trump said this was all right.
Thus, he designated US President Barack Obama and Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton, founder of the Terrormiliz Islamic State (IS).
Within his party, more and more resistance has been formed.
Post is entering the trade with electric transporters
An electric delivery vehicle of Deutsche Post in action.
The interest of other companies in the vehicle is evidently great.
The Post plans to sell its electric vehicle StreetScooter also.
The Group intends to start trading with the transporter shortly.
The Post wants to offer its electric transporters from the coming year also on the free car market.
"We want to go into the sale to third parties," said a post-speaker on Friday.
The company has been checking for months whether to sell its own StreetScooter, with letters and parcels, to other companies.
Post CEO Jürgen Gerdes had said there were always questions, for example by craftsmen.
According to information from the news magazine "Der Spiegel", the Bonn Group will soon be entering the mass production of the vehicles.
In post-production, the company plans to build up to 10,000 cars per year and shift.
Gerdes had announced that the group wanted to significantly increase its fleet of electric cars and set a long-term goal for a complete changeover to environmentally friendly vehicles.
"We will make a very, very robust step towards 2020," he said at the end of July.
I can imagine that we will change the entire fleet.
The StreetScooter has been active on Germany's roads since 2014.
GfK leadership disappears after disappointing business figures
The consumer research company GfK is exchanging its chief Matthias Hartmann.
The resignations came suddenly - but not quite surprisingly.
The difficult situation of the market research company GfK suggested that the chairman of the board of directors, Matthias Hartmann, becomes all the more uncertain as long as the promises he promises do not happen.
Turbulence at the head of the Nuremberg market research company GfK: Following another disappointing business figures and the resignation of the company management, the worldwide number five of the industry is facing a new start for personnel.
GfK's CEO wants to leave the company by the end of the year.
The Chairman of the GfK Supervisory Board, Arno Mahlert, will leave the Supervisory Board with effect from 12 September.
On 1 September, Gerhard Hausruckinger, a member of the Management Board, took over the management board.
He is to officially assume the function of a "CEO" until a successor for Hartmann is found.
As a reason for the resignation, the company called "different views" on the long-term business policy orientation.
Details did not want to call a company spokesman on Friday.
Who would lead the market research company in the future, is still unclear.
In Friday, shareholders were said to have been disappointed by the disappointing results of the restructuring which had taken place years ago.
Mr. Hartmann has been at GfK since 2011.
"The fruits of the restructuring are still not to be seen even after 5 years," said it.
In view of the recent poor GfK business figures, any shareholder would be disturbed at some point.
"If that were the case with BMW, the Quandts would do the same," they said.
The company had not been able to stop its loss journey after setbacks in the previous quarters in the second quarter of 2016.
At EUR 361.2 million, sales were 6.1 percent below the level of the same quarter of the previous year.
In relation to the first half of the year, sales declined by 3.4 percent to 721.2 million euros.
The profit in the second quarter mainly affected the lower value of the company in view of its difficult economic situation.
The goodwill amortization of 139 million euros, which was necessary in the Consumer Experience division, resulted in a loss of 148.2 million euros for the Group.
In the second quarter of 2015, GfK generated a consolidated profit of 19.7 million.
Accidents - Bus slides in Krummhörn in Graben: Eight injured
In an accident of a travel coach with 43 seniors as passengers, eight people were injured on Thursday in Krummhörn (County of Aurich).
Two of the inmates suffered serious injuries, the police said.
The 66-year-old driver of the bus of a travel company from Eisenach, according to her data, had to avoid a counter-vicious truck, which was partly on the opposite lane.
The bus came to the right from the road and slid into a ditch, as a spokeswoman for the police Aurich / Wittmund reported.
"Because of the location of the bus, the people could not leave the bus independently," she said.
The fire brigade freed the inmates.
Six rescue cars and an emergency car came to the scene of the accident on Landstrasse 2.
The injured travelers were taken back by a bus back to the Krummhörner district of Pewsum.
There they were to wait for a spare bus from the travel company.
The investigators asked the truck driver and possible witnesses to report to the police.
The charges per cubic meter of wastewater will be 3,36 Euro (previously 2,26 Euro) for Zulndberg / Lindenberg / Lopp and for Azendorf 3,64 Euro (previously 2,18 Euro) for the sewage system Neudorf / Reuth / Welschenkahl 3.44 instead of 2.10 Euro.
At the plant in Azendorf the waste water charge will increase again at the latest, if appropriate improvements are necessary.
According to a rough calculation, the wastewater price in Azendorf will then be 4.37 euros per cubic meter.
As mayor Bernd Steinhauser (CSU) reported, during the approval of the budget by the Landratsamt Kulmbach, it was found that these wastewater systems were subject to underfloating.
According to legal grounds, the Kasendorf market is obliged to operate the plants on a cost-effective basis.
From October 1, 2016 the citizens, as well as the commercial and industrial enterprises from Welschenkahl, Neudorf, Reuth, Azendorf, Lopp, Lindenberg and Zultenberg will have to dig deeper into the money bag.
The charges are between 48 and 67 percent.
As the manager Herbert Schmidt pointed out to the committee, a re-calculation of the fees for the sewage systems of the market community was necessary.
In the period from October 2016 to September 2020, overlays and undercoverings from the previous calculation period should also be offset.
The grave fee increases justified Schmidt that all three sewage plants are relatively small facilities with a very low wastewater incidence ranging from 6800 to 12000 cubic meters per year.
For example, expenses for necessary repairs of several thousand euros would have a serious impact, due to the small distribution base.
In addition, the wastewater volume in all three plants declined slightly.
Furthermore, in the course of the last calculation period, renovation and repair expenditures had to a considerable extent been incurred for all three plants, not least because of their age.
The plant in Azendorf is almost 30 years old, the facilities for Welschkahl, Neudorf and Reuth as well as Zultenberg, Lindenberg and Lopp nearly 20 years.
Schmidt pointed out that the mechanical ventilation system had to be replaced in the Azendorf sewage plant because of a damage.
The nearly 20-year-old conveyor system had to be completely overhauled in the pumping plant Welschkahl. After nearly 20 years of operation, the first clarification plant had to be excavated, the sewage sludge was disposed of and an additional ventilation option was installed in order to comply with the water legislation.
Schmidt: "These extraordinary expenses were attributable to the continued maintenance and maintenance costs, which must be taken into account accordingly in the new calculation period."
The same applies to electricity costs, which were significantly below the present level in the previous calculation in 2011/2012.
Steinhäuser made it clear that in the case of the low level of waste water in the three plants the expenses for the operation and maintenance "fully durchschlag".
At the same time, added Schmidt, the market community had spared major maintenance costs in sewage plants in the past 20 years.
According to Steinhäuser, the situation for the above-mentioned plants will continue to remain precarious in the long term, especially since the supply areas of the Friesenbachtal sewage disposal network can not be extended by these facilities because they are deficient facilities.
Bulgaria is recording inflation for the first time in 8 months
National statistics show that inflation in Bulgaria in July was 1% on a monthly basis.
This is the highest value (since June 2012) and the first over zero since October last year, when positive 0.2% were booked.
The average annual inflation of the last 12 months (August 2015 - July 2016) compared to the previous 12 months (August 2014 - July 2015) was -0.8% as measured by the CPI.
The consumer price index in July 2016 compared to June 2016 was 101.0%, i.e. the monthly inflation was 1.0%.
The inflation rate since the beginning of the year (July 2016 compared to December 2015) was -0.2% and annual inflation in July 2016 compared to July 2015 was -0.2%.
In July 2016, compared to the previous month, there was an increase in the price of the following groups of consumer goods: food and non-alcoholic beverages (1.7%), transport (1.8%), leisure and culture (6.3%), restaurants and hotels (1.2%) and various goods and services (0.3%).
Prices fell for clothing and footwear (2.2%), furnishings, household appliances and routine maintenance (0.5%), health (0.1%).
Prices remained as in the previous month for alcoholic beverages and tobacco, housing, water, electricity, gas and other fuels, communication, and education unchanged.
Snapchat "anime" effect criticized as an Asian cartoon
Snapchat says that this filter is anime-inspired, but some observers say it is insensitive to races.
With its filter tool, Snapchat allows around 150 million users daily to change reality and play with identities in such a way that already borders the absurd.
You can turn into a pineapple, a dog or a figure that could be from a Roy Lichtenstein painting.
The filters are blunt, proprietary twisting tools that generate more than 30 million improved selfs per day.
All the missing parts are released to the public.
Snapchat filters have been criticized in the past by accusing the app of promoting Blackface or propagating white skin as a beauty ideals.
When this week a few users suggested a filter that gave them slit eyes, false teeth and puffy cheeks, some critics called it a racist caricature of Asians - "yellow face".
They wondered if these repeated controversies pointed to a bigger problem that the company has with diversity.
The news and indignation were widespread on Wednesday, with reports from The Verge and Motherboard, one day after Snapchat communicated that it would have disabled the feature.
The company offered an apology: the filter was intended to be an homage to anime characters and not as a caricature of Asians.
But outsiders who have experienced racism reminded the filter of injurious stereotypes.
Others rejected the anime comparison.
In an email, Grace Sparapani, a Korean-American art student, whose tweet about the photos were widely spread, wrote that the filter was "hurtful and uncomfortable."
She added that "it is difficult to argue with the contrast of a very disgusting Asian cartoon and the filter effects.
It shows that the filter is not yellowish, but the yellow face has been pulled into the depreciating extreme.
Snapchat is not the only company that crosses these cultural tripping wires.
American culture seems to be involved in an endless diversity and integration struggle, from conference rooms to Hollywood and the equipment we all hold in our hands.
And Snapchat's large audience of young people, who are more diverse than their older counterparts, might be more likely to expect sensitivity.
When one of Snapchat's filters creates an image that is offensive to a user, "it's much harder that such things go unnoticed than they used to be," said 25-year-old Katie Zhu in an interview on Thursday.
On Thursday, Zhu, a product manager and engineer for Medium, decided to delete her Snapchat account, asking others to do the same.
In an essay for Medium and in a telephone interview, she said that she believes race-related controversies reflect a lack of diversity in recruitment practices at Snapchat.
Zhu criticized the largely white, only male leadership, and ended her essay with a hashtag: #DeleteSnapchat.
"Either they do not have a diverse representation of people with other skin colors in their workforce, so they can make such decisions," said the Chinese-American Zhu, "or they have people with different skin colors working there but are not in positions where they feel safe or comfortable to say what."
Others share their opinions, a complaint that left Snapchat largely unanswered.
The company does not publish figures on the diversity of its workforce and points to its status as a private company.
On Thursday, Snapchat refused to discuss the cultural background of his staff, but according to a spokesman, the company recently hired a personnel manager focusing on underrepresented population groups and on internal integration efforts.
Zhu said that she will close her Snapchat account and added, "I wonder if they need more users like us to say that is not O.K."
The military administration distorts ISIS secret service information, establishes the Congress committee
United States Central Command militants changed news intelligence to draw a more optimistic picture of the war against the so-called Islamic state in Iraq and Syria than would have permitted the actual conditions on the ground, a Congressional Review Committee reported in a Thursday report.
The preliminary report, prepared by a Task Force of the Republican members of the Armed Forces Committee, the Secret Service Commission, and the Wehrbud Commander, reports of great dissatisfaction among Central Command intelligence analysts who reported how superiors changed their assessments of American efforts in the fight against the Islamic state.
The Central Command, or Cencom, is the military headquarters in Tampa, Florida, which controls American military operations in the Middle East and Central Asia.
"News-related information typically typed by high-ranking Centcom commanders typically drew a more positive picture of the American efforts against terrorism than would have allowed the actual conditions on the ground, and were more positive than the analysis of other news services," a newspaper article quoted.
"What happened at Centcom is unacceptable - our soldiers suffer when bad analyzes are presented to our political leaders," noted Ken Calvert, Republican member of the House of Representatives.
The management errors in Centcom reach to the highest point of the organization.
The ten-page report shows in detail consistent problems in the years 2014 and 2015 in the descriptions and analyzes of American efforts in the training of the Iraqi armed forces.
Although there is no direct evidence that government leaders under Obama have given instructions to change the reports, it shows how analysts were exposed to pressure from their superiors to draw a more optimistic picture of the Islamic state's threat, also known as ISIS or ISIL.
"During the first half of 2015, many Central Command press releases, statements and statements before the Congress were much more positive than the facts," the report noted.
For example, a Centcom official publicly announced that a military reconquest of Mossuls could begin in April or May 2015.
Mosul, the second largest city in Iraq, remains under the control of the Islamic state.
"After months of investigation, so much is clear," said Mike Pompeo, Republican Congressman from Kansas, in an opinion.
From the middle of 2014 to the middle of 2015, the Central Command leaders changed the intelligence reports to reduce the risk of ISIS in Iraq.
The Republicans launched the task force after they were told that analysts were concerned about the manipulation of reports on the Islamic state.
The report, published on Thursday, will be completed by more detailed findings, while the investigation will continue.
In addition, further investigations of the Centcom reports are underway by the General Engineer of the Ministry of Defense.
Democratic members of the intelligence community published their own findings on Thursday, which coincided with some of the conclusions of the Republican Task Force.
"In 2014 and 2015, Centcom created an overly limited process for the preparation of intelligence assessments on ISIL and the Iraqi security services," the top-ranking Democrat in the committee, member of the House of Representatives, Adam B. Schiff, announced in an opinion.
This process, Mr. Schiff said, "delayed the publication of news reports," harmed the morale among analysts, and "gave too little space for dissent."
But Mr Schiff and the Democrats said they had not found any evidence of White House intervention by the Centcom analysts regarding a "particular political opinion".
The preliminary results of the congressional investigations were published on Tuesday by "The Daily Beast".
Last August, the New York Times reported investigations by the Pentagon's General Investigator, who were received after complaints from Centcom analysts.
Patrick Evans, a press officer of the Pentagon, stated in a statement that the Ministry of Defense would not comment on any reports from the Congress while the investigator's investigations were still in progress.
But he also stated that "experts sometimes have divergent opinions about the interpretation of complex data, and that the intelligence services and the Ministry of Defense welcome a controversial discussion of these important issues of national defense."
The investigations have repercussions on the question of a successful American-led air campaign in Iraq and Syria (a claim now made by a growing number of members of the Ministry of Defense).
However, last year's accusations have raised the question of how President Obama can rely on Central Command for honest assessments of military operations in Iraq, Afghanistan, Libya and other crises.
The criticism of the secret information about the Islamic state is reminiscent of more than ten years ago, when a centcom analyst, Gregory Hooker, wrote a document on how the then government under George W. Bush opposed the recommendations of many analysts to a small occupation group in Iraq and little time to think about the consequences of the 2003 invasion.
Mr. Hooker also played a key role in the insurrection against the current coverage of the Islamic state.
Last year, according to government officials, the team around Mr. Hooker notes that, contrary to the government's statements, the air raids against the Islamic state's refineries had no significant impact on the financial position of the terrorist group because these provisional refineries were commissioned to sell oil on the black market.
This finding, however, was not published, the Times reported in September.
Centcom's former commander, Gen. Lloyd J. Austin III, was criticized by members of the Legislature for his overly positive assessment of the war situation at a hearing before the Senate.
General Austin retired in April and was replaced at the Central Command by Gen. Joseph L. Votel.
The USA win the fourth match in women's field hockey, a showdown with the UK is about to come
One day after shooting three goals during a 6-1 victory over Japan, Katie Bam also made the first two goals for the American field hockey team of the women in a match against India on Thursday that the Americans won 3-0.
Five goals in two games should actually be a memorable performance, but Bam (27) said she could not remember ever having done so.
"I have no idea," she said.
I do not belong to the people who keep their gates in mind.
But she knows this: the Americans are at 4-0 in the Olympic competition and are equal in their group with the British in the first place, who remain unbeaten after their 2-0 victory against Japan.
Great Britain and the United States will meet on Saturday in the last game of the first round.
Both teams have already qualified for the quarter-finals, the match will decide which of the two will get the first and second place in each group of six teams.
The first place finishes the strong Dutch women a little longer out of the way, the other group lead.
Whatever the game may be, the Americans have triggered a surprising whirlwind through their success story, four years after landing at the last London Games on the last of 12 places.
Bam was part of this team.
She grew up in Bluebell, Pennsylvania, and had a hockey stick in her hands for the first time at the age of three (her two older sisters played the sport at Drexel University), at 16 she became a national player in the US, the youngest in the team's history.
She missed the Olympics in 2008 because she could not qualify for the squad.
Then came the year 2012, in which everything for her and her team went wrong.
The following year, Craig Parnham, an Englishman, became the coach of the national team, and with that, things began to change.
"A cultural change, a mental change and a physical change," said Bam.
We did not have the workspace in London that we now have.
We've been able to pull the helm completely.
On Thursday evening Bam opened the scoring in the first half of the game with a backhand stroke from the close range.
India had gone into the game without a win in the tournament, but the team was surprisingly tough and held the game from 1-0 to the third quarter until Bam took the game in their hands.
She made a sprint with the flat ball over the left flank, then pulled the ball into the goal to get the Americans a 2-0 lead.
Melissa Gonzalez made the final goal in the middle of the last quarter.
The Shutout was the first of the whole tournament for the goalkeeper of the USA, Jackie Briggs, who had to score a goal in each of the previous games.
She has a run.
Just like Bam.
"We are in a good position," said Parnham, but how well will depend on the outcome of the next game on Saturday.
Amidst the rage of the Olympics, the Zen of the trampoline
Wherever you are, whatever time it is, it is the Olympic Games.
The events in Rio de Janeiro are a constant and inevitable one, a fast-paced relay race between competition and aspirations.
It is as if the Olympic torch itself were a burning stick, which is passed from the crossbow gun to the swimmer to the gymnast to the triathlete.
You can not turn on the TV, read a newspaper, or listen to your neighbors' conversation in the queue, without hearing about Simone Biles, Katie Ledecky, or the quarrel between Michael Phelps and Chad le Clos.
And then there is Logan Dooley.
Dooley, who is part of the Olympic Games for the first time, and a swarm of women with dimples, could well have been among these well-known names broadcast at prime time by sponsors and well-being TV advertisements if he were a swimmer, gymnast, or even fencer.
But Dooley, 28, from Lake Forest, California, is struggling for gold in the Olympic trampolines.
The Olympic flame does not illuminate every event alike.
Further from the center, partly in shadow are the sports, which are not generally accepted: air gun shooting, archery, badminton, taekwondo.
We will always have the breast-float and may it be long.
But if I could make modest arguments for my particular favorite, let me draw attention to the discreet charm of the trampoline.
Although trampolining has been an Olympic event since 2000 when it debuted in Sydney, it has been so scantily perceived for the last 16 years that many of whom I interviewed did not know that it was an Olympics sport at all.
This could also be regional ignorance.
Although the USA sent athletes to the competition, it has never won a medal in trampolines, and by 2012 an athlete has made it to the finals.
The Chinese and the Russians tend to share the prices for the men and the Chinese and the Canadians for the women to share.
Dong Dong from China and Rosie MacLennan from Canada will defend their gold medal from London this year.
The trampoline jumping has a certain outsider charm, partly because it sounds more suitable for a clown school than for the Olympics for the unsupervised ear.
At this point, I should admit that I am not an expert but only a ground-based enthusiast.
It has humorous potential - the cartooning trembling of its never-ending impact - but also the grace of gymnastics and diving, the two sports that essentially unite it.
The word "trampoline" comes from the Spanish El trampoline, which means "jumpboard."
Emerging winners jump on a gigantic trampoline, shoot almost up to 30 feet into the air and have a series of falling movements (turning, pikes and somersaults) before they land on their feet.
They are rated according to official Olympic program after execution, difficulty and "flight time".
Thirty-two athletes from 17 countries, 16 men and 16 women, will compete against each other in Rio.
The most common olympic vector is straight.
In their pursuit of gold, medalists have to go farther, faster, up and over, sometimes up to the goal, sometimes back and forth, up and down on the playground.
They hunt not only the target line or the exit wall, but also another sarcastic goal in television broadcasting: the world or the Olympic record.
The purposeful pursuit is classy, admirable, even fanatical - and it is enough to stir even a spectator to tears.
But it is also what I feel when watching these games as a bit tiring.
The trampoline offers an Atempause.
The vector of the trampoline pringer is up.
A forward movement is not the goal.
He or she bounces off, seemingly weightless as an astronaut, goes up, then down, then effortlessly up again.
Here, too, there is competition, not without difficulty, but during the exercise there is no hectic attack on the goal, no vaulting into the distance, only the dreamy, elegant elimination of time and power.
It is as Zen as competition in the Olympics can be.
Women's qualification and finals will take place on Friday afternoon, streaming at 13.00 Eastern Time, and the men's on Saturday, also at 13.00.
NBC will broadcast the final rounds as part of an afternoon block on both days from 14.00.
In the midst of the Olympic mania, they promise a quiet, nice moment, one that is generally troubled.
If the raising of consciousness can only be achieved by the assertion and the objectification of male athletes - as the male US gymnasts according to The Wall Street Journal recently suggested - then Mr. Dooley expects his air-confronting, new fan base.
"One generation protested" in Ethiopia, Long an ally of the US
Violent protests in Ethiopia
Demonstrators demanding political change in Ethiopia met with violent resistance from the government.
Witnesses say that tens of thousands of protesters were killed during the clashes with the police at gunpoint.
Is Ethiopia just breaking up?
Over the past ten years, it has been one of the most stable countries in Africa, a solid ally of the West with a fast-growing economy.
But in recent months protests against the government have shaken the country and expanded into more and more areas.
Last week thousands of people stormed the streets and demanded fundamental political changes.
The government's response, according to human rights organizations, was ruthless.
Witnesses stated that policemen were shooting and killing at tens of unarmed demonstrators.
Videos circulating about the protests, presumably from the last or the beginning of this year, show how security guards beat young people with sticks while they were forced to make a handstand against a wall.
The head of the United Nations Human Rights Authority is now asking for an in-depth investigation.
"It has always been difficult to keep this country together, and in the future it will be even more difficult," said Rashid Abdi, the project leader of the Horn of Africa of the International Crisis Group, a research group.
Ethiopia is, after Nigeria, the most populous country in Africa and its stability is appreciated by the West.
American military and intelligence services are working closely with the Ethiopians to fight terrorism across the region, especially in Somalia. Only a few countries in Africa, if any, receive so much Western aid.
Ethiopia's economy expanded at a considerable pace.
Its infrastructure has drastically improved - there is a new commuter train in the capital Addis Ababa.
The streets are generally quiet, safe and clean.
Even if Ethiopia was anything but a model for democracy, human rights organizations have consistently repressed the government, the opposition in the country has been restricted, and dissidents have been effectively silenced.
Many were sent to exile or to prison, killed or driven into the vastness of the desert.
But that could change.
"If you oppress people and they have no other options except to protest, it breaks out," said Seyoum Teshome, a lecturer in Central Ethiopia.
All the youth protested.
One generation protested.
There are numerous complaints covering everything from land use to strangleholds with regard to the power of the ruling coalition.
After a widely criticized election last year, the ruling party and its allies received the last seat of the opposition and now control 100 percent of the parliament.
At the same time, the tensions along the border with Eritrea are rising, a struggle for this jagged, controversial line required hundreds of lives in June.
Analysts fear that separatists such as the Oromo Liberation Front or the National Liberation Front of the Ogaden, which have been more or less conquered in recent years, could exploit the turmoil and arm themselves again.
Several factors explain why feelings of bitterness are exploding after years of aching below the surface now.
The first seems harmless: smartphones.
Only in recent years have very many Ethiopians been able to communicate through the social media, as cheaper smartphones became more and more frequent and the Internet services improved.
Even if the government blocks access to Facebook and Twitter, which it does at regular intervals, especially in protests, many people can still communicate through Internet proxies that hide where they are.
Several young Ethiopians said they gathered in protest.
The second factor is that there is more solidarity between the Oromos and Amharas, the two largest ethnic groups in Ethiopia.
The Oromos and Amharas are not natural enemies.
For ages, the Amharas, coming from Ethiopia's predominantly Christian highlands, prospered in politics and economics, exploiting the Oromos, many of whom are Muslims and live in flatland areas.
But that too is changing.
"We are going to coordinate under one umbrella," said Mulatu Gemechu, a leader of the Oromos.
The largest protests took place in areas of the Amhara and Oromos.
Many Amharas and Oromos feel that Ethiopia is unfairly dominated by members of the ethnic group of the Tigray, which account for about 6 percent of the population and are dominant in the military, intelligence services, commerce and politics.
The third reason for the unrest is the death of Meles Zenawi.
Mr Meles, a former rebel leader, was prime minister until his death in a non-publicized disease in 2012 for 17 years.
He was regarded as a tactical genius, a man who could think of corners.
Analysts say he was particularly savvy in seeing early signs of dissatisfaction and using special commissioners to deal with opponents and render them harmless.
"The current regime lacks this basic skill," said Mr. Abdi, a conflict analyst.
Ethiopia's new prime minister, Hailemariam Desalegn, was selected for relatively opaque reasons to take over the position of Mr. Meles.
Unlike Mr Meles, who came from the Tigray region of Northern Ethiopia, Mr Hailemariam comes from the south.
Analysts say he does not enjoy the trust of the Tigray-controlled security services.
Many fear that the result will be more bloodshed.
The last time that Ethiopia experienced such an upheaval was in 2005, when thousands protested against elections that, according to analysts, seemed to be bogged down by the government and subsequently stolen.
During the subsequent raids, many protesters were killed, even though it was less than in recent months and this period of unrest passed relatively quickly.
Development experts praised Ethiopia's leaders for their visionary infrastructure planning, such as the new commuter train, as well as for their measurable progress in the fight against poverty.
But obviously this has not prevented the intensification of the internal dislike of the Ethiopian government.
And it assumes a dangerous ethnic form.
Last month, protesters in Gondar, an Amharic city, started business from Tigray, and the hatred of the Tigray became more common in the social media.
Analysts say the protests bring the US and other Western allies into a peculiar position.
The US government used Ethiopia as the basis for drones over neighboring Somalia, even though it recently announced that it has closed this base.
While the West clearly wants to support democracy, he does not want his ally to collapse in an already volatile area.
"This," said Mr. Abdi, "is a very thin tightrope walk."
Donald Trump explains his allegation that Obama ISIS had been "sarcasm"
Donald J. Trump attempted to dispel the last controversy surrounding his campaign on Friday by stating that his repeated assertion that President Obama and Hillary Clinton were the "founders" of the terrorist group Islamic State were not serious.
This clarification raised new questions about the communication skills of the Presidential candidate of the Republicans as to whether he was in a position to communicate clearly with the American public.
It also brings his co-workers, who strive to protect him during an eventful period, into the peculiar position of explaining statements which he could not have meant at all.
After making the hint at an electoral event on Wednesday night Mr. Trump rowed back on Thursday's assertion and insisted in interviews that he really did not intend to imply that President and Mrs. Clinton had created ISIS.
But in an early morning tweet on Friday, Mr. Trump said he was just sarcastic.
The tweet was the opposite of the previous day, when Mr. Trump said in a series of interviews, he said the accusation was quite serious.
When the conservative Radiomoderator Hugh Hewitt wanted to help Mr. Trump to mitigate the statement by reminding him that Mr. Obama wants to destroy ISIS, the Republican presidential candidate did not want to know about it.
The last storm of criticism rages down on Mr. Trump, while he has tried to focus his campaign on the economic situation due to falling surveys.
Mr. Trump and Mrs. Clinton gave speeches on the economic situation in Michigan this week.
On Friday, Mr. Trump again tried to return to the subject.
Reporting on Twitter, he warned that Mrs. Clinton's proposals would lead to higher taxes, and that he had found her speech boring.
Mr. Trump has already presented sarcasm for his defense.
At the end of July, he drew strong criticism when he said that the Russians were supposed to hack Mrs. Clinton's emails, but he later declared, "Of course I meant the sarcastic."
This method allows Mr. Trump to shift the linguistic boundaries in politics and then row back as needed.
"I think it is one of his methods to test how certain messages are received by his fans, how they arrive, and then" clarify "depending on how the reaction goes wrong," said Ruth Sherman, a communication expert who observes the language of both candidates.
I also believe he is clever enough to keep his statements vague enough so that they can be interpreted in different ways.
Instead of defusing the tone for the presidential elections, Mr. Trump has assumed a more corrosive tone since his polls have fallen further.
A new survey by NBC / Wall Street Journal / Marist, published on Friday, showed a lead with a great lead in the states of North Carolina, Virginia, Colorado and a head-to-head race in Florida.
While Mr. Trump is generally trying not to apologize for his provocative remarks, he often accuses his critics of distorting his statements or misunderstanding his humor.
But while he is increasingly focused on attention in the last few months of his presidential campaign, Mr. Trumps jokes have brought his loyal supporters into the uncomfortable situation of facing him, no matter how provocative his statements may be.
Rudolph W. Giuliani, former mayor of New York and one of Trumps' most prominent advocates, took great pains to defend the candidate today in a CNN interview on Thursday.
"I believe what he says are legitimate political comments," said Mr. Giuliani, so he was questioned about the truth of Mr. Trump's statements as to whether Mr. Obama and Mrs. Clinton had founded the Islamic state.
It is true in this sense that before Obama ISIS was an almost unknown, small organization, he called them backbanks, completely wrong and therefore it happened because he pulled the troops out of Iraq.
Most mainstream Republicans are trying to argue that the Obama administration, where Mrs. Clinton served as Secretary of State, allowed ISIS to spread by blocking the situation in the Middle East aggressively.
Prior to the electoral campaigns in Pennsylvania on Friday, Mr. Trump continued his attacks on the media and accused them of being bored with each of his words and being biased against him.
He mocked the "poor, miserable" TV wizards who tried to understand him and said, "You can not!".
Some of the Democrats scoffed at Mr. Trump's apology as just another proof that he was unsuitable for the presidential office.
Once pushed over the price from the market, Café returns in Greenpoint
Verb Cafe was a shabby cafe in Williamsburg, where you could pay only cash, which had no Wi-Fi, but served for 15 years good coffee.
Of course, by the prices from his Bedford Avenue, shopfront was crowded.
The business soap Cherie replacing verb in the summer of 2014 sells soap in the form of cupcakes.
Locals mourned it as the last loss in a gentrifying city.
The artist Molly Crabapple wrote on Twitter, "I know New York is change, but I still can not believe CBGB is dead, the Chelsea Hotel except and Verb is now a soap business."
But if New York is change, then it is also reinvention.
A revitalized verb cafe opened in Greenpoint last November, less than a mile north of its original location.
The new verb has Wi-Fi and accepts credit cards, but still has some of the same staff and a similar unpretentious atmosphere.
The coffee is still good.
The new owner of the verb is Cisco Rodriguez, a long-time employee of the old cafe, which is owner and managing director of the new cafe.
He started working at Verb in 2001 and stayed there until the end.
When a customer offered him to provide funds for a new outsource, he was excited to do so, he said.
Rodriguez, 36, maintained much.
Verb used the same distributor for the Bagels bought the same espresso machine model.
It even uses the same lamps from the old verb.
But Rodriguez said that he also wanted to experiment.
He introduced new ingredients.
On the menu are sandwiches with bacon and cheese and there are garnishes like capers and sautéed onions.
There are natural tear-bowls.
The café no longer serves beer, but there are fresh juices.
After nine months, Rodriguez said he had noticed a steady stream of old regulars.
"Many old customers were also ousted by Williamsburg," he said.
Recently on a Sunday, Rebecca Oliveira was such a customer.
Oliveira, 34, lived in Williamsburg before and visited the verb regularly.
Even after she had moved to Greenpoint, she would take the road.
After the verb had closed, she gave up coffee drinking for a while, she said.
"I realized it was the coffee and the culture that I liked," she said.
Now she is drinking coffee again, even if she ordered a Blended Chai Tea on this day instead of her usual Iced Coffe, which is another new addition.
Tom Rosenthal has been a long-standing and faithful customer since the beginning of the verb in 2003.
He went there before the work and ordered inevitably always the same.
"I came quarter past seven, every day, like a Swiss pocket watch, and they prepare my Everything-Bagel with butter," he said.
Photo Rodriguez said he wanted to experiment and add new ingredients to the menu.
Nowadays Rosenthal still gets his usual order, but sometimes he changes his Everything bagel with bacon, egg and cheese.
Rodriguez said that he had no grudge about the fact that the soap business had taken over the old business premises.
In fact, the owners of Soap Cherie offered to make a special soap for verb with the cold-boiled coffee of the cafe as an ingredient.
"I think we'll go into their offer," Rodriguez said.
And the traditional, Polish inhabitants of Greenpoints have also accepted the cafe.
A new customer translated the menu into Polish and Rodriguez said he plans to exhibit it soon so his new neighbors feel welcome.
The site also has other advantages.
A local juice locale would like to fill the cold-boiled coffee into the bottle and sell it.
There is a chance that the café will expand to an adjacent building.
For many customers, a new verb is sufficient to get their old favorites.
Joseph Witt was a regular customer and said he was devastated when the cafe closed.
When the new cafe opened, Whitt said the entering of the pub and ordering a new coffee felt like a homecoming.
"I had to smell that," he said.
The depressing food of the economic crisis in "a copious meal"
In March 1933, shortly after his rise to the presidency, Franklin Delano Roosevelt took his lunch at the Oval Office.
As a gourmet, President Roosevelt had a taste for refined delicacies on Fifth Avenue such as Pâte de foie gras and Maryland Turtle Turtle Soup.
His menu on this day was somewhat more modest: stuffed eggs in tomato sauce, mashed potatoes and as dessert a plum pudding.
"It was an act of culinary solidarity with suffering people," said Jane Ziegelman.
Her husband Andrew Coe added, "It was also a message to the Americans how they should eat."
The couple lives in Brooklyn Heights and are both food historians.
Coe's last book, "Chop Suey", was about Chinese cooking in the USA, while Ziegelman told her about her life in a dwelling-house on the Lower East Side from the food perspective in her book "97 Orchard".
Their latest collaboration, "A decent meal," which will be released on Tuesday at the Harper Publishing House, illustrates the history of American cuisine during the Great Depression.
They showed culinary solidarity when they met with a reporter at Eisenberg's Sandwich Shop for dinner, a small, snappy snack in the Flatiron District, which has been in business since the Börsencrash in 1929.
Ziegelman, 54, ordered a fresh cheese sandwich with olive bits while Coe, 57, ate turkey with mashed potatoes and vegetable mixture.
When the reporter ordered meatloafs, the pair found this to fit into a discussion about food in the era of the Great Depression.
"Rich foods were very popular," Ziegelman said.
There was peanut bread, liver cheese and bean bread.
They were made from an ingredient and something cheap that stretches the ingredient.
Imagine eating so many peanuts that they serve them as dinner.
Coe grinned.
"It must have been like lead in the stomach," he said.
In the years before the Great Depression, the table in an American household, especially in rural areas, was an all-you-can-eat buffet.
Teams of women cooked for male field workers and freshly baked pate was served for breakfast, lunch and dinner.
It was the Americans who sent food to hungry Europeans during the first world war. "A Square Meal" marks the ways in which the country was no longer the landlocked land.
"It was a time when food became a central, tense subject for the Americans," Coe explained why he and his wife wanted to write about it.
The new budget diet was just as tense as this: the mysterious food such as breads and casseroles became the basic foodstuffs, the Kasserolle as a "miraculous way to recycle food residues," noted Ziegelman, since cooks could hide unappetizing ingredients under a creamy sauce.
Fresh fruit was replaced by cheaper dried fruit.
Meat, which for many years was the centerpiece of American cuisine, became a rarely served luxury.
Strange mixtures were tried, as a calorie-rich and nutritious satisfaction had precedence over taste or even healthy cooking.
During her search for the book, which also includes recipes, Ziegelman prepared a dish from this era, baked onions with peanut butter.
"It was not a popular addition at midday," says Coe.
Ziegelmann continues: "It was surreal."
Peanut butter and baked onions do not match each other.
It was typical for many of the housekeeping recipes.
As never before or since, budgetary economists - including Louise Stanley, head of the Federal Bureau of Home Economics between 1923 and 1943 - were driving the eating habits of the country so much.
By publishing recipes and articles in newspapers and magazines, they encouraged women to become "household policemen" and meet the challenge of transforming Pampe like creamy spaghetti with carrots into delicious meals.
"A Square Meal" is a feast of historical delicacies.
In particular, the reports of the government's response to the starving citizen, such as President Herbert Hoovers's Lass-mich-Kuchen-Essen attitude, are palatable.
While publicly praising the simple Iowa farmhouse kitchen of his kitchen, he dined like the million-strong man of the world to whom he has become.
"He liked continental cuisine like fish with cucumber sauce," Coe said.
He ate in an almost gilded dining room, wearing a tuxedo.
He was terribly unrealistic.
President Roosevelt might have made the same mistake if his wife, Eleanor, had not asked him to set an example with his stomach.
As described in the book, the hiring of a housekeeper with no interest in flavors by Mrs. Roosevelt led to the White House bringing the dullest food in Washington, but also one of the most dreary. "
Many of the species from the era of the Great Depression, dealing with food, were rejected as soon as the country got back on its feet.
The legacy lies on our continued focus on calories and food, Ziegelman, as well as on how science was applied to foods.
The couple gave a better understanding of the eating habits of Ziegelman's mother-in-law when writing the book - for example, how she could not throw away food.
"She had a real fear of wasting food," Coe said.
Ziegelman recalled, "She actually made people sick."
There was the windbag incident.
After the plates were cleared at Eisenberg's, they and Coe pulled out a dessert that they had prepared at home: the Pflaumendessert, which President Roosevelt ate at noon.
"It's called Prune Whip," said Ziegelman, adding that it was a common trick to give a modest name to modest recipes.
There was no whipped cream, just plums, some flour, sugar, water and cinnamon.
Everyone dipped a spoon into the tough, brown glibber.
Amazingly it tasted not bad.
Coe drew himself up three times.
Like a can-do buddy, he told his wife, "A few chopped walnuts would help."
He was the hero of Aleppo
He put his own life on the line to help others: Khaled Omar.
He was the hero of Aleppo: Khaled Omar devoted his life to the people of Syria.
He risked everything to save the lives of others.
Now the 30-year-old has died even in a barrel bomb attack by the Assad regime.
Omar was a member of the "White Helmets", a civil protection group, which, according to Bild newspaper, saved nearly 60,000 lives.
2900 volunteers put their own lives at risk, to pull people out of bombed houses and to provide first aid in the war zone.
They are the heroes of the war in Syria.
Omar was the face of the group: A video of the civilian protector, showing him an 11-hour rescue of an infant from the rubble of a house, went around the world in 2014.
It made the Syrian a luminous symbolic figure in the horror of war.
As a hero, however, he never saw himself, said the picture: "For me this is the real jihad."
"If I die with saving lives, I think that God sees me as a martyr."
Shortly before Omar himself fell victim to an attack, he had spoken in a video about the last bomb attacks in Syria.
The helicopters dropped four barrel bombs over the Alzadia district, one was filled with Chlorgas.
One woman and two children died, seven people are suffering from shortness of breath.
"We are now removing the toxic remnants of the bomb so that children can not play with it," the picture quoted his last words before he died.
The deadly bomb of the Assad regime was supposed to hit terrorists.
Greenland Shark: The oldest vertebrate is almost 400 years old
Rare sight.
Greenland sharks usually only reach the surface in winter.
This shark was allowed back into the sea after an investigation on board the research vessel Sanna.
He was born in 1624 and swims with a good 1 km / h through the North Atlantic - until today.
Greenland sharks do not get offspring until 150 years.
The greenland shark swims slowly along the bottom of the North Atlantic, in an hour it reaches an average of 1,220 meters.
Only when it comes to it, the five-meter-long animal accelerates to a full 2.6 km / h - and is at this top speed half as fast as a seal.
This lifestyle, however, characterized by slowness, seems to be a patent for a high age.
Julius Nielsen of the University of Copenhagen and his colleagues report in the magazine "Science" from a Greenland shark, which could be 392 years old.
"Insanity", Alexander Scheuerlein from the Max Planck Institute for Demographic Research in Rostock comments on this life span, which means a world record for vertebrate animals.
The evolutionary biologist has for a long time assumed that Greenland sharks are becoming stale.
Only the evidence was missing.
Greenland sharks are hard to observe, after all they live mainly in the Arctic Ocean off the sparsely populated coasts of Canada, Greenland, Norway and Spitzbergen.
Because they prefer water temperatures around six degrees Celsius, they usually appear on the surface only in winter.
Little is known about the lifestyle of Greenland sharks.
Their time-lapdog measured them when, before Spitzbergen, they equipped six animals with a transmitter.
However, these sharks are still prey: in the stomach of an animal, researchers found the remains of a seal, while another had swallowed the jaw bone of a young polar bear.
They may hunt sleeping animals or patrol at the bottom of the ice and seek carcasses staggering from higher water levels.
Julius Nielsen and his colleagues now examined 28 Greenland sharks, which caught fishermen from Greenland or Spitzbergen between 2010 and 2013 as bycatch from the depths of the North Atlantic.
The smallest shark was just 81 centimeters long, while the largest measured 502 centimeters.
In order to determine the age of the animals, they analyzed the shark core of the sharks using the carbon-14 method.
This center of the eye lens is created before the birth of the sharks, the proteins contained therein are not renewed again later.
The two smallest sharks had strikingly much carbon-14 in the lins core.
Their birth should therefore be after the early 1960s, when nuclear weapons attempted to throw larger quantities of this radioactive carbon into the atmosphere.
In the 220-centimeter-longest third, the Linsenkerner contained a small excess of carbon-14 from the nuclear weapons tests, so it should have celebrated its 50th birthday in its investigation in 2012.
All larger Greenland sharks, on the other hand, had normal carbon-14 levels in their lime core, caused by cosmic radiation in the atmosphere.
In fact, the carbon 14 o'clock for a 493 centimeter long Greenland shark showed an age of 335 years, while the record shark with 502 centimeters is even 392 years old.
It is known that Greenland shark females only get offspring when they are longer than four meters.
Now the researchers were able to assign an age to the length.
Since one of the animals at 392 centimeters was probably on the threshold of sexual maturity and its age was determined to be 156 years, Greenland shark with the increase is evidently at least one and a half centuries.
This is also likely to be a world record for invertebrates.
It is no coincidence that such Methuseums live mainly in icy waters.
Also the previous record holder, a 211-year-old Greenland whale, in whose bacon on the neck a 120-year-old harpoon tip was stuck, was caught off Alaska.
Due to the low temperatures, the organism of the animals living there also often runs on a spar flame.
So they mature later - and age slower.
To keep warm in the cold water, the animals are often also particularly large.
Because the volume grows much faster than its surface, through which the animal loses warmth.
The heat loss of one gram of mouse is therefore much greater than a gram of elephant.
Another advantage is that you have fewer enemies.
"A smaller animal is therefore more dangerous and should concentrate on having as many descendants as possible as early as possible," explains the evolutionary biologist Scheuerlein.
A very large animal, on the other hand, should invest his resources in a long life.
Building ground in double pack
The municipal council focused on issues relating to building in the most recent session.
With relief, the panel noted the message from Mayor Robert Putz that "finally the marketing of the recently shown residential areas can begin".
After the land, parceling and development questions were clarified and the applications for surveying were made, the sale of the land in the residential areas "Straßlweg" and "Schönau-West" (area Binderstraße - Ausbauabschnitt 1)
The municipal council is convinced that the construction areas in the rural and quiet residential community of Schönau appeal to young families and senior citizens alike.
As it was said, volunteers are now able to report to the city hall, the council will be advised in its September meeting on the allocation of the parcels.
In order to be able to respond to requests for the establishment of further commercial enterprises, in conjunction with the creation of jobs, the municipal council decided to modify the area plan, which was newly developed in the spring of this year, in some areas.
For example, in the Unterzeitlarn area, the commercial area already identified is expanded by two parcels in the direction of Staatsstrasse 2112.
Frankfurt is benefiting from Brexit
As a result, the City of the Main has the best chances to attract jobs and companies from London, in competition with Paris, Dublin and Luxembourg.
"It is very likely that Frankfurt will profit most from the Brexit vote," says Michael Voigtländer, head of the financial services and real estate markets of the IW.
After the Brexit referendum, it is uncertain whether financial institutions are allowed to continue to operate London financial transactions throughout the EU.
For the so-called EU passport, they have been granted authorization in Great Britain.
This is being used by large US banks.
Several banks have already announced to relocate jobs.
The lobbying association "Frankfurt Main Finance" expects 10000 new jobs on the Main within five years.
For Frankfurt, according to the IW, the seat of the European Central Bank (ECB), which is responsible for the monetary policy and supervision of the largest eurozone banks, and other important authorities such as the European insurance supervisory authority EIOPA and the ESRB Risk Board.
Although the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) is based in Paris, it is less important for the financial sector than the ECB.
"The proximity to the bank is important for banks, as they can communicate directly with the supervisor," says IW-Professor Voigtländer.
Although Luxembourg is home to a large fund sector, it is worse off than infrastructure in Dublin.
Thanks to the large airport, Frankfurt is much easier to reach.
The city also scored points with easily available commercial properties.
"In Paris it is not so easy to find free high-quality offices," says Voigtländer.
On the Seine, rents for first class commercial properties are 50 percent higher than on the Main.
Frankfurt also offers a higher quality of life than the competition thanks to good medical care and infrastructure as well as less crime.
Mercer's ranking was ranked number seven, Luxembourg ranked 19th, Dublin ranked 33th and Paris 37th.
Even if quality of life is a question of preferences: "With its already strong position as financial center for the European single market, Frankfurt could attract more banks and investors," concludes the IW.
Despite the Brexit vote, London will remain the most important financial center in Europe, according to economic researchers.
This is also reflected by the economic situation. According to the Landesbank Helaba, around 144,000 people were employed in the banking sector at the end of 2015, while in Frankfurt they were 62500.
Gilead receives legal costs from the Hepatitis C patent dispute with Merck
A US court judge ruled that Gilead Sciences Inc is entitled to the reimbursement of the legal costs arising from the Hepatitis C litigation with the pharmaceutical company Merck & Co Inc.
In June, Gilead was released from $ 200 million damages for the infringement of Merck's two patents related to Gilead's blockbuster drugs, Sovaldi and Harvoni, after a US judge revealed a pattern of misbehavior on the part of Mercks, including perjury and other unethical acts.
When the lawsuit was filed on Thursday, US Treasurer Beth Labson Freeman said that Gilead is entitled to the costs incurred during the defense of the case.
Merck is trying to match Gilead, which dominates the market of a new generation of hepatitis C drugs that can cure over 90 percent of patients with liver disease.
The case goes back to the year 2013, when Gilead and Merck were suing each other and took ownership of laboratory work based on Sofosbuvir, the active ingredient in the drugs of Gilead.
US-backed troops say they have regained complete control over Manbij from the Islamic state
US-supported troops have regained complete control over the northern city of Manbij near the Turkish border after the last IS fighters in the city have left them, said a group spokesman on Friday.
The Democratic Forces of Syria (DKS) are currently combating the city after extracting the remaining group of fighters who have buried themselves within the city.
They freed more than 2,000 civilians who were held hostage by the fighters, Sharfan Darwish told Reuters, the Manbij military council, who had joined the DKS.
"The city is now under perfect control, but we are just performing cleanup," he told Reuters.
Clintons earn 10.75 million in 2015 and pay 34.2% federal taxes
Hillary Clinton published her tax return for the year 2015, which resulted in an income of USD 10.75 million for the presidential candidate of the Democrats and her husband and an effective federal rate of 34.2%.
In the year 2015, the Clinton donated USD 1 million for charitable purposes, mainly to the Clinton Foundation, while former President Bill Clinton made nearly $ 5.3 million in Redehonoraren, and the former Secretary of State paid US $ 3 million to Simon & Schuster for her book on her term of office in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs.
Clinton's candidate for the vice-presidency, Sen. Tim Kaine from Virginia, and his wife, Anne Holton, published his tax returns for the past ten years.
They paid an effective federal rate of 20.3% in 2015.
"Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine continue to set standards in terms of financial transparency," Clinton's campaign assistant Jennifer Palmieri announced in a statement.
In a stark contrast, Donald Trump hides behind false excuses and retreats with regard to his previous promises to publish his tax declarations.
It is common for US presidential candidates to publish their tax returns, although they are not required by law to do so.
Trump, a New York businessman, and his attorneys have given a reason for refusing a tax audit by the tax authorities.
"You are on the train," wrote Clinton's campaign leader Ian Sams on Twitter, regarding the publication of the Democratic presidential candidate.
On Thursday, Michael Cohen, Trumps Special Advisor, told CNN that he would not allow Trump to publish anything until the tax audits are not finalized.
Trumps critics, including the Republican Presidential Candidate of 2012 Mitt Romney, have already stated that his refusal raises questions about wealth, his donations to charitable organizations, his business activities, and various other connections, especially with Russia.
Clinton has already pounced on the issue, and on Friday published a video on the Internet, in which high-ranking Republicans Trump request to publish their tax return.
On Thursday she also addressed the subject during a speech on the economy in Michigan.
"He refuses to do what every other Presidential candidate has done over the past few decades and publish his tax returns," she told the crowd.
Politico has reported that during the 1990s Trump did not pay very much or very little tax for two years, and a New York Times economic journalist quoted a number of tax attorneys and tax advisors on Friday stating that this could still be the case.
Federal taxes have become an issue in the election campaign.
Clinton supports a scheme named after the billionaire and investor Warren Buffett, who would ensure that individuals earning more than USD 1 million pay a tax rate of at least 30%.
President Obama also supported the proposal.
During an election campaign for Hillary Clinton last week in Omaha, Nebraska, Buffett, whose Berkshire Hathaway industrial conglomerate is based here, asked Trump for a meeting to exchange their tax returns.
Buffett said he had also been subjected to a tax audit of the IRS, and Trump was "afraid" of the electorate, not the tax authorities.
Clinton's campaign has released tax return due to the year 2007.
The Clintons, now living in Chappaqua, New York, paid on average an effective federal tax rate of about 32% between 2007 and 2014 and an effective combined tax rate of about 40.5%.
The Clinton tax return of 2015 showed that they only paid $ 100 of their income as wages, unlike most Americans.
Its principal investment was a low-cost index fund from which the Clintons taxed dividends and income of USD 109,000.
Contributed by Kevin Drawbaugh, edited by Jonathan Otis
Condoms with chilipuder, fireworks body promote Tanzania's elephant protection
Conservatives in Tanzania use an unorthodox way to prevent elephants from moving into populated settlements - they throw condoms filled with chilipuder.
The method has proven to be effective and the Honeyguide Foundation, which had the idea years ago, has intensified its support with US nature conservation by training volunteers in villages in the north of Tanzania to use a non-violent four-step method to protect their homes and crops without hurting animals.
Previously, many spears have been used to defend themselves.
Friday is Weltelefantentag, dedicated to animal protection.
"Since we developed the ... toolkit, we have been able to observe a change in their attitudes within these communities, and they are much more confident that they can keep the elephants from their fields without harming the elephant," said the managing director of Honeyguide Damian Bell.
The first two steps include lighting the elephant with a torch and blowing it into a horn.
If it is not quenched, a so-called "chili cloud" is thrown.
Chilipuder mixed with earth is packed together with a fireworks body in a condom, the end of which is turned up to the fuse.
When it is lit, the condom bursts with a bang and sprays fine dust to chilipuder into the air.
A hint quite usually already out to chase the elephant.
One last possibility is a throwing gun that shoots a gun of gold in the air, causing a loud, bright explosion.
City Council decides unanimously: No kiosk building on the St. Goarer Rheinufer
Normally the St. Goarer investment projects by tradesmen with Kusshand accept - the retail trade in the core city is considered to be significantly expandable.
However, the city council now rejected the application for the construction of a sales center on the banks of the Rhine in the immediate vicinity of the Rheinbalkon under construction.
"In principle, we welcome new traders, but this kiosk does not fit into this exposed location on the banks of the Rhine," said Michael Hubrath for the CDU Group.
Jewish director smashes Berlin hotel because Israeli preselection was removed after "Arab" call - RT News
A French director with Jewish roots unleashed a media upheaval after revealing that the Kempinski Bristol Hotel in Berlin did not list any Israeli dial-in code, as Arab guests had "requested" it from a staff member.
Claude Lanzmann, author of the Holocaust documentation "Shoah" left his anger at the Kempinski Bristol Hotel in Berlin, writing an open letter to the German newspaper FAZ.
During his last stay, Lanzmann tried to find Israel on the country code list of the hotel.
The country, however, was not listed among the countries that can be called directly from the hotel room.
How is it possible in 2016 in Berlin, the capital of the new Germany, that Israel has been eliminated and eradicated?
Wrote Lanzmann.
Instead, the Kempinksi Bristol offers an opportunity to select Israel through its own call center.
After an explanation, the director turned to the hotel reception.
The reply he received there "shocked him," as Lanzmann wrote.
The hotel employee said the measure was an "intentional decision of the management of the Kempinski Hotels."
The reason behind this sparked more anger in the director.
"The majority of our guests are Arabs and they have requested that the area code be deleted," the clerk of Lanzmann was quoted.
The Israeli ambassador to Germany Yakov Hadas-Handelsman called this a "great disgrace," reports the Süddeutsche Zeitung.
We were horrified and shocked by this event.
This is really very shameful.
The fact that this has been the case in Germany in this hotel chain is even an even greater disgrace.
This does not require any explanation.
We expect the hotel "to draw the right conclusions," said the official.
The incident triggered a fairly large response on the Internet, where the people called it a scandal.
Some accused the Kempinski Hotel of having "surrendered" the alleged demands of Arab guests.
"Shame on you," said another contribution, pointing out that the hotel, which is located on the noble Kurfürstendamm, is near a synagogue.
The hotel quickly rejected all the allegations and called the incident an "oversight" and "apologized" at Lanzmann, Der Spiegel reported.
"There was never a direct instruction" to not include Israel in the shortlist, "the Süddeutsche Zeitung quoted a spokesman for the Kempinski Hotel.
It adds that the country code has now been added.
Police use teargas & gummigges against protesting Brazilian students
Students met in the Brazilian city of Sao Paulo with the police on Thursday, when they gathered to demonstrate against the government's reforms for the public education system.
The police used tear gas and gummy shots against the demonstrators.
The difficulties began when police officers tried to drive the students apart, causing the police to use gummy guns and tear gas.
Several hundred students participated in the demonstrations to express their consternation about the plans.
According to the proposals of the Governor of the State of Sao Paulo Geraldo Alckmin, slightly less than 100 public schools are closed, while 300,000 students are being implemented to save money.
Some of the protestants saw Graffitits spray against the provisional president Michel Temer on walls.
The latest protests took place a few days after demonstrators were massively on the streets to support the suspended President Dilma Rousseff, who had been removed from office by a Senate vote.
Trade between Russia & Iran suddenly rises to 71% - RT Business
With the abolition of the sanctions, according to Levan Dzhagaryan, the Russian ambassador to Iran, the trade turnover between Moscow and Tehran grew by 70.9 per cent year-on-year.
Since the international sanctions against Iran were lifted, the interest on the part of Russian companies in business in the country grew strongly, the Ambassador said.
Russian companies are taking up existing connections with Iran while new firms are ready to gain access to the market.
Of course, further trade expansion is one of the greatest priorities of bilateral cooperation with Iran, "said Dzhagaryan.
He noted that the trade turnover between Russia and Iran increased by 70.9 percent in the first five months of 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 and amounted to $ 856 million.
In particular, Russian imports to Iran increased by 91.5 per cent, jumping to $ 697 million.
Russian imports from Iran increased by 16 percent to $ 158 million.
The trade boom has been achieved by deliveries of machinery, land vehicles and weapons, "said the Ambassador.
Dzhagaryan is expecting a record number of Iranian tourists in Russia this year.
Last year, the Russian foreign representative issued about 35,000 visas, primarily travel to Iran, to Iranian citizens.
In addition, Iran reached the top 20 countries in terms of the number of tourists in Russia.
One could say that the record numbers of Iranian tourists in Russia from last year, are broken, "he said.
At the same time, only relatively few Russians visit Iran, something the ambassador hopes will change.
"I personally can recommend visiting the cities of Isfahan, Shiraz and Yazd, the monuments of ancient Persian civilization have been preserved in a good state," he said.
Witnesses sought: beverage market in Waldbröl invaded
A robbery attack was committed on Thursday night to the drink market of Rewe XXL at the Waldbröler Gerberstrasse.
Under the guise of a firearm, three dark-haired persons, who had masked their faces, demanded cash from the employee of the drink market and then escaped on foot and then presumably with a silver-colored VW Golf.
The police do not tell how much money was taken.
The perpetrators should have been between 1.60 and 1.70 meters large, thus relatively small.
The drink market is directly accessible from the parking area of the Rewe market and is difficult to see.
After the attack, the perpetrators had to run in the direction of Gerberstrasse, Friedrich-Engelbert-Weg, and had fled from the car park opposite the car park entrance with the silver-colored car, possibly in the direction of B 256 (Schladernring).
Anyone who has made observations at the time of the crime (around 7:45 pm) in connection with the robbery is to report urgently to the police.
Nagold: Fun and games during summer holidays
Eight beautiful and happy days were spent by the children and adolescents of the social educational group / social group work of the child protection association Nagold with their caregivers at their summer leisure in Nussdorf, near Mühlacker.
In the quiet Freizeitheim Hardtwäldle the lively group was quartered during the first school holiday week.
Several full-day excursions were on the agenda.
On the one hand, we went to Bretten to visit the petting zoo.
On the other hand, to Maulbronn, where there was a special children's guide in the world-famous monastery.
The third excursion took us to Pforzheim.
In the Celtic Museum in Hochdorf the group learned a lot about the everyday life and food of the Celts.
On the hot days the group at the Tiefensee in Maulbronn, which invited to jumping, swimming and splashing.
Culinary, children and carers were pampered with their own prepared meals such as Sauren Spätzle, Seebronner Pfännle, Iselshauser-Bloff, the English-Breakfast and Tübingen Bolognese.
In workshops it was dyed, beautiful jewelery made of pearls and stones, or made of wood a Roman-mill-game.
Other highlights were the fishing in a nearby pond, the evenings at the fire and the final "Colorful Evening".
On the day of the journey home the sun was laughing, and the children and young people returned home satisfied.
Haigerloch: Pilgrimage to the Porte of Mercy
The ministers from the pastoral care unit Eyachtal-Haigerloch St. Anna were on the way on a four-day pilgrimage from Villingen to Freiburg.
Together, four stages were completed.
In order to bridge the time until the next Rome pilgrimage of all the ministries in two years, the upper ministry of St. Anna decided to prepare and carry out a pilgrimage of several days.
Various pilgrimage destinations were tested and finally decided for the bishopric city of Freiburg, where a special pilgrimage destination was offered this year on the occasion of the Holy Year of Mercy with the open gate of mercy at the Freiburg Cathedral.
16 Minis from Bittelbronn, Gruol, Haigerloch and Heiligenzimmern set off.
The previous evening, Father Storost sent the pilgrims in a small celebration in St. Anna, blessed the pilgrim crosses, and gave the pilgrimage.
From Horb it was by train to the starting point Villingen, where also a cathedral of Our Lady stands and thus the pilgrim way of the cathedral was entered.
The individual day trips were framed in the morning and in the evening by a short impulse with different prayers, songs and texts.
But also on the way, the Minis made a break at the crossroads, chapels or churches to sing together a song from a specially composed pilgrim songbook.
The parish homes of the local parishes were available for the overnight stays.
Alexandra Burkhardt and Heidi Faller were there for a tasty and strong dinner and breakfast.
On the second day we went over Furtwangen to Gütenbach.
The next day, the stage went to St. Peter, which was the most strenuous route, but had to be descended at about 500 heights and then climbed again.
The deserved reward was in the evening a common barbecue at Badweiher.
After the morning impulse on the fourth pilgrimage day in the impressive monastery church of St. Peter, we went to the final stage to Freiburg.
Visibly relieved and happy, the Minis arrived at the Freiburg Cathedral in the late afternoon and crossed the gate of mercy.
With a small impulse, God was thanked here.
At the evening fair in the cathedral the minis arrived at the pilgrimage destination were welcomed by co-operator Markus Obert.
After the service the pilgrims were able to visit the sacristy and the high altar.
The next day there was still time for the marsh gourd.
In the afternoon we went by train back to Horb.
In the end, all participants agreed that the days were characterized by spirituality and a strong community experience.
Scout Callum Skinner storms home as Brite earns gold for cycling
Scotland's Callum Skinner raced to fame last night at the men's team sprint in the Velodrome in Rio, when the British team defended the 2012 title.
The 23-year-old from Glasgow took the anchor role his countryman, Sir Chris Hoy, had taken as his own. The boys' pound made the legend proud when he stormed home to take a win from favorites New Zealand.
England claimed a shocking victory four years ago, while Hoy won the fifth of six Olympiagold medals.
They repeated the trick after taking a modest sixth place at the London World Championships in March despite the resignation of Hoys.
The problem between Beijing and London was the replacement of the starter Jamie Staff.
They did so in time as Hindes appeared.
Hoy's retirement produced a gap that Kian Emadi and Matt Crampton were trying to close.
Skinner was the man they stayed with when they saw potential in the Scot that has now unfolded.
Hindes, Kenny - who won with Hoy four years ago - and Skinner set an Olympic record in the qualifying rounds, but the New Zealanders won in the first round in the standard rounds.
And the British trio won the duel with gold.
Hindes were close behind his turn, but Kenny brought the team forward and Skinner held it.
A change of strategy made a big part of the transformation, with Hindes driving in a higher gear to slow him down and to allow Kenny and above all Skinner to keep the pace.
Hoy looked aside from his position as a BBC expert, and Skinner, Kenny and Hindes appeared as they climbed onto the podium.
The 23-year-old Skinner from Glasgow said, "It's a flattering comparison."
I'm just here to do my best and make a name for myself.
We have set an Olympic record in the finals and defeated the world champions.
It was just unbelievable.
There is no better way to win this.
After the triumph of 2012 at the side of Kenny and Hoys, Hindes admitted that he was deliberately on the track after a weak start.
He withdrew this statement later and there was no opposition from England's rival.
With such an outstanding victory there was no such problem this time.
Hindes said: "It feels with all the GB flags on the grandstand like London."
We have teamed up in the last three months.
We've gone so badly with so many world titles that it was unbelievable to win again at the Olympics.
This is an event, a gold medal for the nation, which won seven out of ten titles in both Beijing and London.
If this is a barometer of our progress in the last five months, we expect a successful five days in the Velodrome.
With the form of Kenny, it is within the scope of the possibility that he will repeat Hoys victory of three Olympic gold medals in a competition.
This would be Kenny - exactly 12 years younger than Hoy, who was also born on March 23rd (an apparently sacred date for British sport, that day also Steve Redgrave, Mo Farah and Roger Bannister were born) - a yield of six gold medals and a silver medal.
That would be the same from Hoy.
Kenny is next in the sprint, which starts today and will go for three days.
The 28-year-old from Bolton said, "I just enjoy this for the moment."
The team event is always the best.
You can win it with your colleagues.
It feels somewhat lonely to win alone.
Hindes said, "If he wins two more gold medals, he should be knighted."
It was the only medal contest of the day, but there were more good news for England.
Sir Bradley Wiggins, Ed Clancy, Steven Burke and Owain Doull qualified with the fastest performance in the four-four-kilometer race.
They arrived at the finish line in 3: 51.942.
The world record, which won gold in London in 2012, was 3: 51.659.
The first and final round (22.42) will take place today on the second day of the competition, where Wiggins will certainly be the focus.
Yesterday, he had met with commissioners before the qualification, when officials called him to measure his body size.
Laura Trott, Joanna Rowsell Shand, Elinor Barker, and Katie Archibald of Milngavie advanced in World Rector's time at 4: 13,260 in the corresponding women's contest that will be continued and finished tomorrow.
The GB team is relying on its strong railroad team to dominate the middle period of the Olympic Games and to bring a host of medals.
After a truly extraordinary presentation of absolute dominance in Beijing and London, the expectations for Rio were reduced.
There were dramas in the background, including the resignation of technical director Shane Sutton in April amidst sexism and bullying accusations as well as the retirement of greats like Hoy and Victoria Pendleton.
However, if you look at the first evening of the competition in the Velodrome, it looks as if the now legendary reputation of GB, which has reached its peak at the perfect moment, can be repeated again.
Future of the smelting of Portland due to the abolition of the energy contract questionable
The future of the Portland aluminum smelter in Victoria, as well as hundreds of workplaces, are at stake, as the plant operator will terminate the energy supply contract and thus cancel all supply contracts, as the supplying energy company reported.
This step followed the decision of the government in Victoria earlier this year, no further subsidies to the operation of the plant to be awarded.
A subsidy for 20 years expires in November.
Up to 2000 jobs in the Alcoa facility in Portland are at stake.
No less than 2000 jobs - direct as well as indirect - could be endangered in the event of a closure.
In addition, Dominoeffects could occur because the smelter consumes about 10 per cent of Victoria's total electricity production.
In 2014 Alcoa closed the Point Henry smelter, which led to a closure of the Anglesea power plant last year.
Alcoa's smelter in Portland loses money and risks closing it down.
This step follows the many years of speculation about the future of the plant, originally as a result of the strong Australian dollar and, most recently, the electricity price for the plant.
AGL, which supplies the large aluminum smelting plant with its Loy Yang A power station in Latrobe Valley, announced that it expects three other owners to terminate their contracts.
The plant is majority owned by a joint venture between Alcoa and Alumina, of which the Chinese company CITIC and Japanese Marubeni Corp hold smaller shares.
"AGL expects that the plant in Portland will continue to operate, which means a further physical demand for electricity through the smelter," the company said.
AGL also said that the contracts were so-called "hedging transactions", which should have come into effect from November 2016 onwards.
The contracts have a 12-month notice period, so they will end in 2017.
"Therefore, AGL assumes that the contracts will contribute to revenues in fiscal year 17," said the electricity supplier.
All potential impacts on revenue on AGL as of FY 18 are currently limited by the forecasts of the major markets for wholesale electricity prices.
AGL stated that it had written off the value of the contracts already in its annual financial statements of $ 187 million in "expectation of a termination".
Alcoa said that the decision to deregister the contracts, "the ability of Alcoas ... to operate the smelter or to ensure the power supply to the smelter."
The US company said it had completed a 20-year contract with Loy Yang in 2010, which should have come into effect from November this year, even though it still owes an explanation of why it has resigned from the contract.
Analysts are warning that the Portland smelter will be shut down in Victoria and the Tomago facility near Newcastle due to the poor economic conditions in the industry.
Referring to analysts' statements earlier this week, Head of Operations Stephen Mikkelsen said that Portland consumes about 600 megawatts of electricity per year and that Tomago consumes about 900 megawatts of electricity.
If both systems disappear from the market, this would mean a considerable reduction in demand on the [electricity market].
And it would not be good for us as an electricity producer, "he said.
More than just a Kardashian reality TV star, Kendall is on the cover of the September issue of the Vogue
Kendall Jenner, 20, model and fourth daughter of the manager and mother of the Kardashian-Jenner clan Kris is on the cover of the coveted September issue of the US Vogue.
Kendall, the brand ambassador of Estee Lauder and running at Fashion Weeks in Milan, Paris and New York, announced Thursday the news on her Instagram account.
"In a room full of people I love, the sight of this cover made me cry," wrote Kendall.
The reunion of the cover followed a bizarre (or simply Keeping Up with the Kardashians?), Scripted reality video showing the entire Kardashian Jenner family (with the exception of the Rob and Caitlyn problems and in the presence of the most popular showbiz uncle and producer of Keeping Up Ryan Seacrest).
This is the stereotype of almost every birthday episode of a children's song (Seacrest brought the sentence "You thought we'd forgotten you," with the honesty of a cartoon rabbit on a broadcasting slot at 8am), but Kris had to let her other girls somehow participate in this publicity.
With regard to the September edition of the Vogue has certainly begun a new era of Kardashians.
Kendall's big sister, Kim, likes to hit on the Vogue cover (she and her husband Kanye West were to be seen in April 2014), but the cover of the September issue of the magazine is a league of its own.
The September edition is the most sold edition of the year for Vogue.
With a volume that is more like an image book than a fashion magazine, the output attracts a large number of advertisers (Laut Fashionista were 615 pages of advertising from the 832 pages of the Wälzers).
The revelation of his coverstar is so eagerly awaited that in the last two years, pictures of the magazine had leaked before the official announcement.
Women already on the cover include Naomi Campbell, Linda Evangelista and Kate Moss.
In recent years, there were clearly more "celebrities who model" than "models that are celebrities" on the cover.
Oscar-winner and Dior-Markenbotschafterin Jennifer Lawrence was 2013 on the cover, one year after Lady Gaga had the honor.
But even with the small chance that Mrs. Jenner - who is described by the magazine as the "breakthrough model" of her generation - falls under the former category, she is in good company.
These celebrities are not related to famous characters or reality stars or teenagers of today who know how to make a good snapchat video (even if it all applies to Jenner).
They are truly talented women who are distinguished in the entertainment industry.
Beyonce, who appeared on the last cover, had one of the most successful years of her career with the release of Lemonade.
Of course, Jenner's success does not appeal to everyone.
With her reality TV story, Jenner's position in the fashion world was always a bit tense.
In June, the former Victoria's Secret model Stephanie Seymour criticized Jenner and her colleague Gigi Hadid and called her "the bitches of the moment."
These feelings boiled again as the news came out with the appearance of Jenner on the Vogue cover.
But to ride around on the disgust seems to have passed at the point.
Kendall Jenner is on the cover of the September edition of the Vogue.
It is literally a supermodel.
She is running for Marc Jacobs.
It makes advertising for your foundation by Estee Lauder.
She and all her sisters sell pictures of themselves on their respective Paywall apps.
She sells her pictures of Cindy Crawford's daughter to LOVE magazine.
And in her spare time, she is on Reality TV, probably to see her sister Kourtney and her children.
There are 160,000 people annually
More than 160,000 of the country's most vulnerable are refused annually by the municipalities, while the industry is focusing on the impact of further cuts on already overloaded transactions.
In Queensland, three out of five people - mostly elderly persons, immigrants, needy workers, victims of violent acts and those who have no means of unfair detention and the like - are rejected in their request for free legal advice and legal aid.
Legal services of the municipality, which are already exhausted, are preparing for further reductions.
As of June next year, these legal centers will lose another 30 percent of their federal funds.
The director of Queesland's communal center James Farrell said that the latest survey of the National Association of Town Centers showed that thousands of people are already rejected every year.
Farrell said that the situation would only get worse without repealing the decision of the federal government.
"Queensland's community centers are chronically under-funded, which means that thousands of people are being rejected by important services you need," he said.
People who leave violent relationships, people with unmanageable and crushing debts, families who go through divisions, workers who have been unjustly dismissed - all these people have problems of a legal nature, and this survey shows that they can not get the help they need.
As of June 2017, the federal government will cut the funds by 30 percent, which means that thousands of more needy Queensland people will be forced to cope with their legal problems without any help.
We call on the Federal Prosecutor's Office, the Federal Ministry of Justice, and the Senators of Queensland George Brandis to immediately abolish these cuts so that people can get the help they need in the event of legal problems.
Last year the state government fulfilled its pledge to raise funds for legal aid to the national average.
It is now time to look at the needs of community centers and their customer communities, as well as to invest the Palaszczuk government into this important work.
Donald Trump's election campaign prosecuted after employees allegedly pulled gun
New York: Donald Trumps's campaign has been prosecuted for allegedly inaction after she was told that her North Carolina campaign leader had shot a gun at an employee in February while she was in a jeep in February.
The incident is described in a prosecution filed on Wednesday in the county court of Charlotte by Vincent Bordini, a former software programmer for the campaign in that state.
Bordini stated that he had waited months before the matter would be settled internally before he realized that "that would not happen."
The campaign leader, Earl Philip, "pulled a pistol, put his right-hand index finger on the trigger, and rammed the barrel in Vincent's knee-throat," Bordini stated in his accusation.
After complaining to local and regional campaign leaders, Bordini noted that at least four others had already had the same experience with Phillip, he stated in the complaint.
"Weapons do not have to be fired to inflict damage," Bordini said.
The prosecution comes only two days after the Republican presidential candidate caused a turmoil when he told a North Carolina human being that the "Secondary People" gunmen and weapons friends should take action if his rival Hillary Clinton were to be elected and appointed judges.
Trumps campaign made it clear that the media had torn out his words and that he would not incite violence.
Bordinis complaint requires damages from the campaign for the violation of due diligence and from Philip for personal injury and permanent mental damage.
Trumps press contestant Hope Hicks could not be reached for an opinion.
Attempts to contact Philip also failed.
WCCB, a local news service in Charlotte, reports that Phillip is no longer a campaign worker.
On calls to his consulting firm, Innovative Consulting Services, was not responded.
The Republican Presidential Candidate Donald Trump has hitherto conducted a controversial campaign.
The procedure is Bordini by Donald J. Trump For President Inc., 16-CS-14300, Supreme Court, County of Mecklenburg (Charlotte).
Berlin / Schwerin: Survey before country elections: SPD and CDU lose
In the forthcoming elections in the federal states of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern (September 4) and Berlin (September 18), considerable losses are expected for the SPD and CDU government departments.
This was the result of representative surveys conducted by the opinion research institute INSA for the "Bild" -Zeitung (Friday).
While the red-black government coalition in the north could be just a little further, this is not possible according to the polls in Berlin.
In both states, however, the SPD would be the strongest party and would thus have a good chance of continuing to head the government.
In Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, the SPD fell from 35.6 percent five years ago to 24 percent.
According to the poll, the party would therefore be just ahead of the CDU, which could again reach 23 percent.
The third place is controversial between the left and the AfD.
The left would come to 19 percent (previously 18.4 percent), the AfD would be represented for the first time with 19 percent in the state parliament.
Despite the slight losses, the Greens returned to the Schwerin Landtag with 6 percent (previously 8.7 percent).
NPD and FDP would not be represented in the state parliament with 3 per cent each.
According to the poll, the SPD would only reach 23 per cent (election 2011: 28.3 per cent) in the Berlin parliamentary elections.
The CDU only reached 18 percent after 23.4 percent.
It would thus still be behind the Greens with 19 per cent (2011: 17.6 per cent), but before the left with 15 per cent (previously 11.7 per cent).
At 14 percent, the AfD would be represented for the first time in the House of Representatives.
With 5 percent, the FDP could hope for a return, but the pirates, contrary to 2011, would miss the entry.
Nokia 9000 Communicator: The first smartphone
E-mail and Internet in Slow Motion: Nokia Communicator came onto the market 20 years ago.
The successors dominate the world today - its manufacturer experienced a disaster.
The device weighed almost half a kilogram and was more than four times as heavy as an iPhone 5.
It was thicker and bigger, so it was not good in the hand.
On the contrary, it was quite chunky.
The built-in memory was initially eight megabytes, which would today be enough for about two high resolution self-help.
An iPhone is now delivered with at least 16 gigabytes.
The "Nokia 9000 Communicator" arrived exactly 20 years ago, on August 15, 1996, in the shops - and it was the first smartphone.
For a few euro lovers can buy the devices still on the Internet, but they somehow come from the Stone Age of the Internet.
Twenty years ago, however, the communicator was a sensation.
The Finnish mobile phone manufacturer had announced the product a few months earlier at the computer fair Cebit in Hanover as "office in the Western pocket format".
In fact, the new mobile phone could be a lot for then standards: SMS and emails could be sent and received, even by fax the communicator could be reached.
Even the access to web pages was possible via HTML browser, although tormenting slow.
A pocket calculator was available, a digital address book and an electronic calendar.
There was a small antenna, and the mobile phone could be opened like a laptop.
Then found a small keyboard and a black-and-white screen.
Pretty proud was the price: 2700 D-Mark, thus about 1400 euro.
The average selling price of a smartphone in Germany in 2015 was 392 euros.
No one could have guessed in August 1996 that the communicator would be the beginning of the smartphone era.
Since then everything has changed.
The smart phones are a success story, though not for Nokia.
The mobile phone division of the Finns experienced an unprecedented disaster, was eventually sold to Microsoft and handled.
The market now dominate providers, which all came much later than Nokia.
To be online always and everywhere, this is everyday life for a lot of people.
In 2015, there were nearly two billion smartphone users worldwide.
It sold approximately 1.4 billion units, and Samsung and Apple alone account for 555 million units.
Worldwide sales of the devices are around 400 billion euros.
In addition, the well-running business of the numerous app providers and the telecommunication companies.
Around the smartphone, a whole industry has emerged.
The decisive breakthrough to the mass market came only at the beginning of 2007, then Apple CEO Steve Jobs announced on the Mac-World the introduction of the iPhones.
He promised three devices in one: a music player, a telephone and an Internet communicator, all easy to use via touch screen.
The triumphal procession of Apple began, still today the iPhone is the most important product of the group.
Nokia, Motorola and Blackberry, who dominated the market, had the look.
They finally disappeared, Blackberry has to fight.
The saying now have Apple and Asian providers like Samsung.
The smartphone is a matter of course 20 years after its invention.
On average, today every German looks 88 times a day on his mobile phone.
"We must all learn to put the smartphone away," said Janina Kugel, responsible for personnel at Siemens.
Permanent accessibility is now considered a curse and blessing at the same time.
England must steer the Olympic spirit and expand Heathrow
Heathrow will bring renewal and prosperity not only in our local communities and throughout London, but throughout the country.
For me, this was the biggest attraction of Heathrow, just as it was in London in 2012, when we were doing a great deal to ensure that all our nations and regions benefited from the games.
The Olympics brought great benefits to Stratford and the East End.
And that will be achieved again by creating new opportunities for locals and businesses near Heathrow.
For our local communities, we will already create 10,000 new apprenticeships, 40,000 new jobs, and put an end to the youth unemployment in the airport environment.
As we were ahead of us in London 2012, there will be those who will think that the challenge of expanding Heathrows is too great.
I was told that England will never be ready for the games, and that we will embarrass ourselves on the world stage.
The doubters were wrong in 2012 and they will also be wrong at Heathrow.
There are always obstacles to overcome, but Heathrow answers every question asked.
Like the Olympics, Heathrow is for many and not for individual an infrastructure project.
Enlargement is a way to create up to 180,000 new jobs, £ 211 billion in corporate growth, and leave a legacy of skills and employment both around the airport and across the UK.
We have a great team in Heathrow that has implemented an £ 11 billion infrastructure investment program in terms of time and budget from the T5, which has been voted the world's best airport terminal five years in a row, to the T2 that was built in the middle of the two busiest catwalks in the world.
Now they are ready to deliver a third catwalk, which is supported by £ 16 billion in private investment.
The 2012 London Games were a great success for GB and I am confident that the expansion of Heathrow will also be one.
It is time we steered this Olympic spirit and expanded Heathrow, securing our future trade and creating a legacy of skills and employment that England can be proud of.
Lord Paul Deighton is Chairman of the Heathrow Board and former Commercial Secretary to the Treasury
Adblock Plus, Facebook in the "cat and mouse game" regarding ad blocking
For companies that earn money with online advertising, according to one of the software manufacturers attempts to bypass ad blocking, a "cat and mouse game" equal.
On Thursday, just two days after Facebook announced that it would block ad blockages on its desktop, AdblockPlus released a blog post stating that users could update their filters in the program to block advertising on the social network.
On Tuesday, Facebook announced that its desktop page would change the coding for its advertisements to make it difficult to recognize ad blockages to determine which part of the page is advertising.
But Adblock announced that it has found a new way to bypass the new codes.
In a blog post, the spokesman for Adblock Ben Williams wrote that "this sort of back-and-forth battle between the ad-blocking open source community and the evaders has been ongoing since the invention of ad blockers," and that it is possible that Facebook will soon come up with a new solution.
The fact that the world's largest social media company has entered the fight is a strong indication of how worrying ad blockers have become for the industry.
According to a study conducted last year by Pagefair and Adobe, around 200 million people use ad blockers around the world, nearly four times as much as 2013.
With 1.03 billion daily active users accessing Facebook through their mobile devices, mobile advertising makes up 84 percent of Facebook's advertising revenue.
The company has focused on ad blockers on desktop PCs because mobile ad blockers have no effect on Facebook's mobile app for the social network and Instagram, a spokesman said.
Advertising on desktop PCs accounts for a large portion of the revenue, making Facebook the investment of such a step as worthwhile.
On Tuesday, Facebook announced that it would update its "ads preference tool" to give people more control over them targeted advertising.
On Thursday, Facebook claimed that Adblock's new filters would be worrying because they would also block content on the site that is not advertising.
"This is not a positive experience for users, so we are planning to address the problem," a Facebook spokesman said in an e-mail message.
Ad blockers are a dull means, so instead we've focused on developer tools like Ad Preferences to put more control in the hands of people.
Woman crossing presumed suicide on Swiss highway
The victim was on the highway in the middle of the night.
The police call witnesses after a woman was crossed on a highway in the early morning hours on a presumed suicide of several vehicles.
The incident occurred on the A1 near Morges in the canton of Vaud shortly after midnight.
A woman lay down in the dark "in an act of despair" and were hit by several cars, the police said in Vaud.
It is obvious that a Swiss woman, aged 49, who was crossed by several vehicles, including a truck, herself wanted to kill herself.
She still died on the spot.
Several drivers have already been heard, but some have still not been identified, the police said, calling on them and any witnesses of the incident to report.
An investigation was opened, which is a "logical" step in such a situation, Gilles Hofstetter told Le Tribune de Geneve.
However, it remains to be seen whether one of the drivers will be displayed.
Was a clash avoidable?
This is something the prosecutor must decide, "Hofstetter said.
Two similar cases in the last five years show that drivers are not held responsible.
In each of the two cases - where a person was running on the highway in the dark - it was decided that the car drivers would not have to assume that a pedestrian would run on the highway in the middle of the night, as the newspaper said.
Last year, a policewoman was released from negligent killing after she had killed and killed a man who was staying one night on the A1 near Payerne in August 2014.
The 22-year-old victim had drunk and became unconscious on the street, the court heard.
The court noted that the policewoman - who had responded to an emergency call - was driving in a justified way and that the presence of a man on the street was a "completely exceptional and unpredictable situation," the judge said.
Anyone who has more information about the incident on Thursday near Morges should contact the police at 021 644 83 46 or 021 644 44 44.
NASA Klimamodell: Venus was once habitable
According to the projections of a new NASA climate model, Venus was probably once habitable.
Scientists at the Goddard Institute for Space Studies of NASA developed a model to discover the past of Venus using tools and algorithms similar to those of climate researchers.
The model was designed to determine whether the Venus with its hot, waterless surface and CO2-dense atmosphere could have once exposed earth-like conditions.
Scientists have previously pointed out that the slow rotation of Venus could be explained by its dense atmosphere.
But the latest simulation suggests that Venus might have had a thin Earth-like atmosphere, but still slowly turned.
The model also illuminated the topography of early Venus.
The planet probably had more dry areas than the Earth, but once had enough water and geographical variability to shelter lives and protect from rapid evaporation.
The early Venus also benefited from a sun that was 30 percent dull.
"In the GISS model simulation, Venus's slow rotation exposes her daytime of the sun for almost two months," explained GISS scientist Anthony Del Genio in a press release.
This heats the surface and produces rain that creates a thick layer of clouds, which acts like an umbrella to shield the surface from a lot of the sun's heat.
The result is average temperatures that are several degrees cooler than those of the Earth today.
The model produced a history of Venus, which resembles the evolution previously suspected by planetary scientists.
Although it was once probably inhabitable, Venus was subjected to excessive heat and ultraviolet light for billions of years.
Their oceans evaporated and their water vapor was burnt by the ultraviolet light.
When their hydrogen escaped, only a thick atmosphere of carbon dioxide with a deadly greenhouse effect remained - the Venus, as we know it today.
The researchers shared the results of their new Venus climate model in Geophysical Research Letters.
Patrick Roy returns as a coach of the avalanche
Patrick Roy resigned as a Colorado Avalanche coach and vice president of hockey operations on Thursday, leading to too little co-determination in the team's decision-making process.
Alternate President / General Manager of Colorado Joe Sakic confirmed this decision, noting that the club will immediately look for a new coach.
"In the last three years, I have fulfilled my duties as Cheftrainer and Vice President of Hockey Operations of the Colorado Avalanche with energy, passion and determination," said 50-year-old Roy in an opinion.
In the course of the summer, I have been thinking a lot about how I could improve this team, to give it more depth, to take it to a higher level.
To achieve this, the coach's vision and vice president of hockey operations must be perfectly aligned with the organization.
It must also have a right of co-determination in decisions which influence the performance of the team.
These conditions are currently not met.
Sakic, who hired Roy on 23 May 2013, thanked him for his contributions to the team.
"Patrick informed me today about this decision," said Sakic.
We appreciate all that he has done for our organization and wish him the best for the future.
Roy was named the best coach of the league during his debut season at the Avalanches 2013-14 as the winner of the Jack Adams Awards.
He led the club to 112 points and first place in Central Vision, but Colorado was beaten in the first round of the playoffs of Minnesota and missed the post-season in each of the last two years.
The Avalanches recorded a 39-39-4 mark in the 2015-16 season and fell five points behind the Wild for a second wildcard spot in the Western Conference.
As the Hall of Fame goalie, Roy won four Stanley Cups - two pieces with the Montreal Canadiens and the Avalanche.
North sea workers are again taking up talks, and are striking out
The labor battles regarding the compensation for North Sea workers are being suspended as all the parties are putting themselves to the table for a new round of talks, said negotiators.
Strikes against the oilfield service provider Wood Group were carried out sporadically on platforms in the North Sea, operated by Royal Dutch Shell.
"Woodgroup, as well as Unite and RMT unions, can confirm that we have agreed to restart the settlement process of the current dispute," says a joint statement.
We will hold a few full-day meetings over the next few weeks, which will begin early next year to tackle the problems again.
The unions said their last strike, the first in over 25 years, is a protest against possible wage cuts of up to 30 percent.
Wood Group has reduced the rates to its contractors in the North Sea by about 9 percent this year due to negative market pressure.
The company's rate cut follows a 10 percent decline for onshore contractors in 2014.
The company said that additional cuts give the company the space it needs to get through the market downturn.
Shell has dismissed thousands of people for its part, announcing plans to abandon its oil and gas operations in up to 10 countries, as it is streamlining its business activities as a result of its merging with British energy company BG Group.
Energy companies are under pressure because of the lower crude oil prices, an economic situation that had been reinforced by the decision of the British in June to leave the European Union.
Scottish parliamentarian Dave Anderson met with workers leaders earlier this week to discuss one of the biggest disputes that have taken place in the North Sea since a generation.
The North Sea is important for the regional economy, he said.
"In the North Sea and across the country, we need an economy that works for many and not just a few," he said in a statement.
2016, less than $ 1.4 billion in spending on new projects in the North Sea compared to an average of around $ 7 billion over the past five years are expected.
Kepler measures the rate of rotation of stars in the Pleiads
The latest mission with the Kepler Space Telescope has helped astronomers collect the most complete catalog of rotation rates among the stars of the Pleiad stars.
The new data will help astronomers understand why stars are rotating at different rates in the star cluster, as well as the relationship between the rotation periods and the planetary evolution.
"We hope that by comparing our results to other star clusters, we will learn more about the relationship between the mass of a star, its age, and even the history of its solar system," said Luisa Rebull, a researcher at Caltech's Infrared Processing and Analysis Center, Pasadena, in a press release.
The stars of the Pleiads are 445 light years away from the earth.
Many stars in this star cluster, which originated around 125 million years ago, now reach the adult age.
They are now turning the fastest.
At peak rotation rates, these ripening stars emit large amounts of star winds.
Since these winds travel through the magnetic fields of the stars, they have a braking effect on the stars.
As a star ages, its rotation rate begins to decelerate.
Kepler measures the rotation rate of each star by detecting the time between the appearance of a recognizable star spot, such as solar spots.
The latest catalog of rotation rates indicates that more massive stars spin more slowly than less massive stars.
Rebull compares the stars with dancers, with larger stars rotating slower than small ones.
"In the" Ballet "of the Pleiads, we see that slow rotors tend to be more massive, while faster rotors tend to be very bright stars," said Rebull.
Since the stars of the Pleiadians are so close, it serves as an ideal cosmic laboratory to compare stellar qualities such as rotation rates.
"The Pleiad's star cluster offers an anchor for theoretical models of stellar rotation in both directions, younger and older," said Rebull.
There is still a lot in front of us that we would like to learn more about how the How, When and Why stars slow their rotation rates and, so to speak, hang their "dancing shoes".
Rebull and her colleagues have reported extensively in three newspaper reports on their latest analysis of the rotation rates of the Pleiades, which will soon be published in the Astronomical Journal.
A controversial baseball star is leaving
The tears ran faster with Alex Rodriguez than the US baseball star in base days from base to base.
After his emotional resignation announcement, the 41-year-old pro will be wearing the jersey of his New York Yankees for the last time against the Tampa Bay Rays.
"I love this game and this team."
"I say 'Goodbye' to both," said the 14-time all-star game participant of Major League Baseball (MLB).
Three times, Rodriguez was voted the most valuable player in the league, in 2009 he won the World Series with the Yankees.
His signing under a ten-year contract has earned him $ 27 million annually since 2007.
Until the end of the contract on December 31, 2017, he will act as advisor and youth coaching agent at full salary.
As a player, it paid Rodriguez a long time with performance.
He made some milestones with 696 homers, 3114 hits and 2021 points for his teams ("Runs") for the Seattle Mariners (1994 to 2000), the Texas Rangers (2001 to 2004) and since 2005 the Yankees.
With Hall-of-Fame members Hank Aaron and Willie Mays, only two other baseball players show similar values in the most important stats.
But the 41-year-old should not be accepted into the hall of fame of the baseball.
Because Rodriguez, nicknamed "A-Rod", was so successful in the field, his controversy is out of place.
Already in 2009, the superstar at "ESPN" gave up to have forbidden steroids between 2001 and 2003.
In August 2013 he was closed for 211 games by the end of 2014 due to a complication in the biogenesis scandal.
Rodriguez is considered to be the main suspect for years to have received an anti-aging clinic in South Florida.
After a legal dispute the lock was reduced to 162 encounters.
"The league could have done me a favor for the year 2014, because I've been playing for 20 years without a break," said Rodriguez at the time, smugly.
Even his farewell days do not run silently.
While many baseball legends once again get the big stage in their last games, Rodriguez often had to sit on the bench.
"My job does not include a farewell tour."
"My job involves trying to win every game," said Yankees coach Joe Girardi.
After all, Rodriguez, who was married to the actress Cameron Diaz and is credited with the pop star Madonna and the actress Kate Hudson, received sympathy from the fans of the Yankee arch rival Boston Red Sox.
"We want A-Rod," the supporters sang in the 4: 9 defeat against the Rodriguez team.
Olympia 2016: Chen Xinyi, Silwia Danekowa and Adrian Zielinski are first doping cases
Caught: Due to a positive doping test, weightlifter Adrian Zielinski from Poland can not start in Rio.
Rio de Janeiro - The Olympic Games 2016 are overshadowed by the first official doping cases.
An accomplished athlete would have won almost a medal.
Before the seventh day of the competition, the first official doping events became known to the Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro.
The Chinese swimmer Chen Xinyi, 3000 meter obstacle runner Silwia Danekowa from Bulgaria and the Polish weightlifter Adrian Zielinski were positively tested and excluded in Brazil - just before the start of the already critically acclaimed track and field athletics competitions, these news come untimely.
The diuretic hydrochlorothiazide, which is used as a masking agent for dopant substances, was already demonstrated by Chen last Sunday.
The International Court of Sports Court CAS confirmed their exclusion from the Olympic Games on Friday afternoon.
On Sunday, the 18-year-old had finished fourth in the final over 100 m butterfly, only 0.09 seconds she missed the bronze medal.
On Friday Chen would have participated in the preliminaries over 50 m of free time.
Chen has applied to the International Olympic Committee (IOC) for the opening of the B-sample and a hearing.
The national association takes the matter "very seriously and demands full cooperation from Chen," Xinhua quoted from a statement: "We will work with the International Court of Justice, CAS, and will accept the verdict."
For the first time in history, the CAS is no longer responsible for the sanctioning of athletes with positive cases.
Also on the night of Rio, the news about the positive rehearsal at Danekowa seeped through, the 33-year-old went thus even on the offensive.
"I had three tests, all negative, and my fourth test was positive." This was "an incredible shock," she told the Bulgarian TV station BNT.
She is innocent, "the only explanation could be food supplements," explained the Leichtathletin.
According to the report, the prohibited substance is to be the blood doping agent EPO.
Danekowa has been provisionally suspended, according to BNT, the B-sample has already been positive.
Bulgarian Prime Minister Bojko Borissov spoke up immediately with criticism of the athlete.
"I do not understand why the athletes do not draw the right conclusions," he said, "We Bulgarians are under observation, so many have already been excluded."
For example, all weightlifters from the nation who are chronically doping can not participate in Rio.
The event "Adrian Zielinski" was announced on Friday and the London Olympian winner in the class of up to 85 kg was tested three days earlier for the anabolic steroid Nandrolone, just like his brother Tomasz.
Both dispute the intake, but both may not start in the class up to 94 kg.
Before the start of the athletes, the Danekowa case is another major blow to the reputation of the entire sport.
The IAAF World Federation had banned the entire Russian team except for one exception for systematic doping, and the Kenyan runners-up race also produced numerous bad news in Rio.
In the swim sport, the previous offense in China had also caused violent clashes between the athletes.
Thus Frenchman Camille Lacourt attacked the Chinese Olympian Sun Yang harshly.
"Sun Yang pisses purple."
"If I see the podium over 200 m of free-range, I will surrender," said Lacourt on French radio.
Sun was also at the center of an argument with the Australian Mack Horton.
"I have no time and no respect for doping scammers," he said.
Sun had been tested positively for the stimulant trimetazidine at the Chinese championships in 2014, but had only a three-month suspension.
Data hack: So hackers hack their ransom
Programmers of extortion malware are currently attacking companies - and are doing so successfully.
According to a recent survey of the malware defense specialists malwarebytes among 540 companies in North America, UK and Germany, 40 percent of surveyed companies have been victim of an attack with blackmail software at least once, in part, several times over the past twelve months.
In Germany nearly 20 percent of the companies were once already the target of a Ransomware extortion.
Forty per cent of the victims willingly paid the pledges required by the perpetrators to use the systems and data they had attacked.
According to Malwarebytes, malware specialists are increasingly specifying their blackmail software for attacks on corporate networks.
If they are successful there, the potential ransom to be extorted is considerably higher than with private users.
"We are currently monitoring a terrifyingly rapid evolution of malicious software," explains Malwarebytes CEO Marcin Kleczynski in conversation with the "World".
In 2008, most malware programs were designed to send advertising.
Then the perpetrators discovered extortion software for themselves.
First, private users were the target, but the change to company attacks took place in the last months frighteningly fast.
Ransomware works according to a simple pattern: once active on the computer of a victim, it searches specifically for recently changed files such as Word, Excel or database files as well as archives of pictures and videos.
These files encrypt the ransomware and deletes the originals permanently.
Then the software presents the demands of the blackmailers.
In order to get the final encryption code to the files, the victims have to transfer money - mostly in the form of the crypto Bitcoin.
But where the personal photo database is at stake with private users, companies are concerned about sensitive customer data or project databases, without which the production stands still.
Accordingly, the damage is greater if a ransom is applied.
22 percent of the affected German companies reported a loss of turnover due to Ransomware, 13 percent even had to interrupt the business activity completely, in one case people were in danger of life.
In Germany, several hospitals have already been victims of attacks, whose patients can be acutely threatened by the loss of hospitals.
"We always tell the victims: Do not pay, you only help the problem," explains Kleczynski.
Yet 80 to 90 percent of the companies that pay are getting their data back.
For managers, it is difficult to reject the demands of the perpetrators in the face of standstill.
The hackers in turn know this and try everything to build a good reputation.
In a recent study, security researchers at F-Secure investigated user interfaces and contact with extortionists, and concluded that the perpetrators are trying to build up a kind of customer service to make more money.
They tell their victims by chat how they can pay by Bitcoin, set up free-access support sites or decrypt sample files for free.
And if private individuals are rescinded after payments of a few hundred euros, companies have to negotiate partisanship and pay five-digit sums to get their data back in encrypted form.
In the face of potentially high and relatively risky profits from Ransomware blackmail, the hackers are becoming more and more professional and are sharing the work, says security expert Chester Wisniewski from the antivirus provider Sophos: "A single person can write a Ransomware about within a week."
However, it is more likely that it is three or four people.
The programmers then sell their malicious software in the form of a software kit to the actual blackmailer.
The previous malware kits were created by buying the malware itself, consulting and additional tools for a one-time, fixed price between 1000 and 10,000 dollars.
"The scope of delivery includes an adaptation tool so that smaller configurations, appearance and branding can be changed," says Wisniewski.
The blackmailers then look for more hackers to spread the freshly bought software among the victims.
We live in a service industry.
So you log into one of the forums in the underground, buy the set of a criminal and commissioned another to install the software on as many PCs as possible.
The payment is made per infected computer.
"Typically, the criminals instruct spammers with the spread," explains Wisniewski.
The risk of Ransomware is now known by many companies, which secure their data better.
More than 50 percent of the company's IT staff in the malwarebytes survey rely on file back-ups and scanner software to defend Ransomware.
Accordingly, the perpetrators are already pursuing new strategies.
"If the encryption of data alone is no longer a sufficient threat for successful assessment, the perpetrators instead threaten to publish sensitive data such as customer lists or price calculations," explains Malwarebytes CEO Marcin Kleczynski.
As a result, the damage potential is still much higher than before, depending on the type of data.
In the future, the perpetrators could also tackle completely new goals on the Internet of things.
At the Defcon hackers' conference, security researchers demonstrated how they could get a thermostat connected to the Internet under their control.
In the middle of winter the release of such a blocked heater could be worth a ransom for many victims.
If the perpetrators instead of the heating in the future block a whole production line in a factory, Ransomware could become also in the industry 4.0 a topic.
One for all cases
HONDA HR-V is flexible and suitable for everyday use
In the small HR-V Honda wants to pack everything: a little SUV, a little coupé and also the versatility of a minivan.
Sounds rather overloaded, but the HR-V, which was constructed on the same new platform as the new jazz, proves to be very flexible in everyday life.
Although the HR-V, which is only 1.60 m high, is rather small in size, the passengers have plenty of space in the front row as well as in the rear, but it does not work at any point.
The materials of the interior are well-processed and pleasant, only the cockpit top falls somewhat.
The HR-V is more versatile than comparable vehicles in the storage space.
There is not only a trunk of 453 l with raised seats and 1026 l with folded backrests, but there are the "Magic Seats".
This is less magical than it sounds: the seats of the rear bench can be folded up like a cinematical chair, offering space space that is 1,24 m high from floor to ceiling.
The trunk can be loaded well, but the loading height is 650 mm slightly higher than the comparable Peugeot 2008.
The tested 1.6-liter diesel engine with 88 kW / 120 hp accelerates the HR-V very strong thanks to the torque of up to 300 Nm in wide speed ranges.
He should, however, do his work somewhat more quietly.
Pleasing is the daily consumption of 4.7 l / 100 km.
There is another engine: a 1.5-liter petrol engine with 96 kW / 130 hp.
An all-wheel drive is not offered.
The driving behavior is balanced, a good compromise between dynamics and comfort.
The steering should be somewhat more direct.
The equipment leaves nothing to be desired in the tested top variant "Executive".
The safety systems include the city emergency brake assist (works up to speed 32), the collision warning system and the tracking assist.
The collision warning device sometimes irritates because it judges many obstacles as "approaching objects" during maneuvering.
The high-beam assistant works very reliably.
And the intelligent cruise control responds to the traffic sign detection and throttles the speed as required.
The full connectivity is available only for the top equipment: 7-inch touchscreen, navigation, app integration and more.
Two USB and one HDMI jack are located under the armrest and are therefore a little cumbersome to reach.
The around 29,000 euros for the well-equipped top diesel are all right.
If you do not want to invest so much, you get the gasoline from 20000 euros, the diesel from 23000 euros.
The engines meet the Euro 6 emissions standard.
With the HR-V, Honda offers a versatile and everyday car.
Airline is not liable: crash on passenger bridge
An airline is not liable for the fall of a passenger on the passenger bridge.
According to Oberlandesgericht Düsseldorf (Ref .: 18 U 124/14), liability is only conceivable for hazards typical of air transport.
The plaintiff had broken a knee-joint during the fall.
However, the accident could have happened anywhere - it was a general risk to life, according to the court.
The airline did not have to pay the man any damages.
Illness: When the organizer pays
After traveling, sick travelers will only get money back when the cause of the illness is found in the hotel.
This is only the case, however, if more than ten per cent of the guests show the same symptoms.
In the negotiated case, on the second day of their holiday in Turkey, a family was seriously ill with diarrhea and vomiting.
They spent almost the entire holiday in the room.
Their illness led the holidaymakers back to a faulty sewage treatment plant, which supposedly polluted the seawater.
The family was of the opinion that the trip was thus deficient - and complained against the organizer.
The applicants had no success in court.
Although the sewage treatment plant was indeed defective.
However, the organizer learned only shortly before the departure of the plaintiffs.
He had until then to assume that the seawater was in order.
He did not therefore violate his information requirements, according to the verdict.
Especially since in the samples of the water no impurities were found.
The disease of several hotel guests - possibly by infection among themselves - belong to the general risk of life.
Of 691 guests, only 38 were ill.
De Maizière said that after the violent acts committed by refugees in Würzburg and Ansbach in July, many people were concerned about further attacks.
The state must respond to terrorist threats at the same time.
What is certain is that our country will not answer the violence of the perpetrators with hatred and division.
We will not allow the terrorists this triumph.
If criminals had to leave the country faster, it would increase security and strengthen the consent of the population for refugee policy.
De Maizière wants to implement the proposals up to the 2017 Bundestag election.
He also announced a further increase in the number of security personnel, "in the medium four-digit range over several years".
Sympathy for terrorism must be punishable again.
Video surveillance is to be improved, the weapons law is so amended, that the purchase of weapons on the Internet is made more difficult.
The last-discussed confidentiality obligation for physicians is to be preserved according to de Maizierre's words.
However, he wants to find solutions in the dialogue with the medical profession as to how the threat to the citizens can be reduced, he said with regard to psychological problems.
In order to counteract a radicalization of refugees, the minister believes that better social support is necessary.
Teachers need to be better prepared to deal with traumatized people.
For the prosecution of criminals in specific areas of the Internet (Darknet) de Maizière plans the use of covert investigators.
SPD chief Gabriel said, "The SPD is ready to talk about everything that helps to further increase security."
It was important that the Minister of the Interior had clearly spoken out against actionism.
"This was an euphonium for the CDU / CSU", Gabriel told the newspapers of the Funk Media Group (Friday).
De Maizière had previously rejected calls from the Union after a Burka ban and the abolition of dual nationality.
He considered a general prohibition of full veiling a constitutional problem.
You can not forbid everything you reject, and I refuse to wear the burqa.
Speeches can be made about rules in road traffic or for witnesses in court.
Green-chef Simone Peter accused the minister that he wanted to simulate with his new anti-terrorism packages the power and capacity to act.
Left-wing party leader Bernd Riexinger said: "Flotations and a tightening of the right of residence are no longer safe for the people of this country."
Better traffic flow on the highway
It regularly juts down the road - here is a picture of November.
But this is to change: the right turn lane is to be extended.
This is a good news for all drivers who are in traffic on the road every evening when they drive over the motorway junction (A 43).
On the next Tuesday and Wednesday (16/17 August) the Landesbetrieb Straßenbau extends the right turn lane around 700 meters in the area between Hammerstraße and the Weseler Straße exit.
Drivers can then straight from the Hammerstraße turn right.
The big advantage is that traffic is split up at an early stage, which improves the overall flow on the busy section of Federal Highway 51.
The idea with the extended exit was the CDU faction in the district representation Münster-West.
The road narrowing on the feeder annoyed the drivers mainly between 17 and 19 clock.
On working days, the backwater reaches the bridge over the Albersloher Weg and sometimes even beyond.
The reason is the bottleneck on the B 51 just before the exit Weseler Straße.
From here the traffic is only one-lane over the motorway bridge.
The second lane had to be reconstructed well over three and a half years ago.
The reason: Static calculations have shown that the bridge no longer has the necessary load-bearing capacity, in particular to accommodate heavy-load traffic in two lanes.
How long this bottleneck and the associated workplace jam will last, can not say the responsible state enterprise.
However, it is to be expected that the bridge will have an official rest period until 2034.
For the extension of the right turn lane, the state enterprise deliberately selected the traffic-weaker time during the school holidays because disabilities were to be expected.
On Tuesday and Wednesday, the traffic will be lapped past the construction site.
Intercultural travel: cultural offers for schools
The international class of the forest school visited the play "The Invisible House".
The association Nima's and the Junge Theater are now planning a music project.
Nima's association allows young people with a migration and refugee background to visit cultural institutions in Münster.
The "International Class" of the Waldschule Kinderhaus has attended a performance of the award-winning play "The Invisible House" by the Junge Theater Münster.
In the context of the "Intercultural Journey" initiated by Nima's association, 19 pupils from eleven to fifteen years attended the production in the Kleine Haus.
Since the beginning of the year, the association, which has set up the cultural integration of young people with a migration and refugee background, offers schools with welcome classes the opportunity to visit cultural institutions in Münster during this project.
Most young people in the class came to Münster between September 2015 and March 2016 from among other things from Afghanistan, Iran, Serbia and Syria and speak little German.
Thanks to the choreographies, scenic pictures and video animations, they were able to follow the course of the action nevertheless, according to the press release of the Boys Theater Münster.
The association Nima's, founded by Dr. Tannaz Westerberg from Sprakel, and the Junge Theater will cooperate in the coming season as part of a musical theater project.
From October to December, young people with and without an escape and migration background between 14 and 20 years should be given the opportunity to attend professionally guided courses in the areas of singing, dancing, acting and music.
Offers for children and families in the area of theater play and theatrical language teaching are in the planning stage.
The project "Intercultural Journey" continues.
In view of the increased number of refugees, the association expects many classes who want to participate.
Rain instead of shooting stars: Hope for weather improvement
The weather has made a dash for the shooting stars in the south-west of Germany in the night to Friday - but there is still hope.
The night had been badly suited to watching the sky spectacle because of clouds and rain, said the chairman of the Sternwarte Welzheim, Hans-Ulrich Keller, on Friday morning.
Our hope is on the night of Saturday.
The weather should be good, then we can see many shooting stars in the sky.
The star sheds are Perseids, which at 216000 kilometers per hour belong to the fastest shooting stars.
They have their name because they apparently come from the constellation Perseus, which rises in the northeast.
Relaxing night: tips against sleep disorders
In the evening you waddle around forever, at night you lie awake for hours, in the morning is far from the alarm rattling not to think of sleep.
This is anything but relaxing.
After all, you are in good company with such problems: According to the Robert Koch Institute, about a quarter of adults have sleep disorders and more than ten percent feel their sleep frequently or permanently as not restful.
How do sleep problems or sleep disorders manifest themselves?
There are several forms of sleep disorders, and they can be caused by a variety of causes, stresses Hans-Günter Weeß, Member of the Board of the German Society for Sleep Research and Sleep Medicine.
What one understands commonly under it, however, is the insomnia, thus a Eingang and Durchlaufstörung.
The caring-mindedness feels many people as unsatisfactory or inadequate, says Jens Wagenknecht, board member in the German House of Physicians Association with practice in Lower Saxony Varel.
What is sleep disorders?
The causes of sleep disorders are complex.
Behind this, organic, psychological or behavioral factors, as well as drugs, can be found.
Not infrequently, the sleep disorder expresses another disorder.
"Very early waking is particularly common in depression," says Weeß.
And it may be that different factors condition each other.
For example, if you have an intervertebral disc, you may be ill, wake up every two or three hours, and perhaps start thinking about everyday problems and nursing, says Weeß.
This leads to tension, and sleep is no longer possible.
When should you go to the doctor with sleep problems?
Anyone who does not sleep well for a period of one month in at least three nights a week and is impaired the day should go to the doctor, Weeß advises.
The impairment can be quite different: one is repulsive, tired, has no sleep, has difficulty with attention and concentration, is easily irritable, has mood swings or physical discomforts such as stomach or headaches.
In order to relieve sleep disturbance, it is important to find out their causes.
Possible treatment options include behavioral changes, cognitive behavioral therapy or medication - classic sleep apneas only in exceptional cases and for a maximum of two weeks.
There is hardly any sleep-doctor in Germany, emphasizes Prof. Ingo Fietze, director of the Interdisciplinary Sleep Medicine Center of the Charité Universitätsmedizin Berlin.
That is why we should go to the family doctor in the case of sleeping problems, Weeß advises.
The investigator can investigate whether the problems have a physical cause.
Who should go to the Schlaflabor, and what happens?
For examina- tion in the sleep lab, doctors advise, for example, in cases of snoring with respiratory exacerbations, in case of sickly fatigue, sleepwalkers, or if one does not find the cause of a sleep disorder, Fietze explains.
You do not have to prepare yourself for the examination.
You should spend the day normally.
"Just do not make a mid-day sleep," says Fietze.
After cabling, you go to bed at your normal time.
In addition to the electrodes on the body, one carries a nose-glasses, a chest-belt and a feeler on the finger.
In addition, a camera on the ceiling records the sleeping.
How can people affected the problems?
There are quite a lot of set screws, which can be used for a better sleep.
Weeß counts: regular sleeping and resting times, not lying too long in bed, not sleeping in the day, not watching TV to sleep, avoiding alcohol and not looking at the clock at night - then you start to calculate immediately, and that is not at all beneficial.
What the jungle camp has with missing medals in the swimming
The former German swimmer Markus Deibler has expressed his opinion on the disappointing performance of the DSV team at Olympis.
In December 2014 he had won gold for the first time in the short-track world championships in Doha and at the same time set his first world record.
Now the former DSV athlete Markus Deibler has made a protective of his former team-mates.
"In a country where an Olympic player wins € 20,000 and a € 150,000 jungle king, no one should wonder about missing medals," the 26-year-old wrote in the night to Friday on his Facebook page.
The promotion system in the swimming sport was bad, the doping controls on the other hand very good.
This means that we can not compete with countries that promote a great deal and do not look so closely at the topic of doping or even operate it.
"I am not saying that the controls should be discontinued," he continued.
If he wanted to make a comeback, Deibler would have to be reported nine months before his first start of the National Anti-Doping Agency Germany (NADA).
This is exactly how it should be with countries.
"If you can not be controlled by WADA / FINA independent controllers for a certain time before WM / OS, you can not participate," says the Hamburg-based, who now runs an ice cream parlor.
Airport: gang of luggage droids
Professional thieves at Düsseldorf Airport
On Thursday, civil servants of the Düsseldorf Police Department arrested two women and two men between the ages of 50 and 61.
The suspects had committed several baggage and luggage thefts as a gang.
At around 9.30 pm, civil servants in the area of Düsseldorf Airport recognized a gang which was known to the policemen from past theft dicts.
The two women and two men had committed several offenses since the middle of July this year, and they were working together in a jointly and professionally professional manner.
The specialists of the Criminal Police Office 34 can prove four acts to the thieves, who were specially submitted for the commission of criminal offenses to Germany.
They had captured a total of over 15,000 euros.
Old buildings, a few linden trees, between the rest of the cobbled streets: the Riga street in Berlin-Friedrichshain does not look like this at first sight, but the police rank it as one of the "dangerous places" of the city.
Walking along the road from east to west, you will pass playgrounds, a freshly painted kindergarten and a health food store.
To the facade of a gray house someone has "ugly!" Sprayed.
Opposite of a Lidl, which is also to be demolished soon, is already built: By 2017 a house with high windows and 133 new rental housing is to be created here.
Articles about this "trendy district", as the responsible real estate firm calls Friedrichshain, are illustrated in the last few weeks, however, with burning cars pictured.
The house is numbered 94: Once it was occupied, now the residents have leases, but on the ground floor there are still rooms occupied and are used for events.
In particular, Henkel, the Berlin interior designer, had repeatedly spoken of the project as a "no-go zone" for policemen and the 94 as the starting point of autonomous violence.
After the premises on the ground floor, the Kadterschmiede, had been cleared by 300 policemen on June 22nd, the police patrolled three-week officially with 30 to 40 officials and three team cars on the street, blocking parts of the street and preventing visitors from entering the house with the number 94.
During this renovated construction workers on behalf of the unknown house owners the rooms.
On July 13, a Berlin administrative court ruled that the eviction had been illegal, and a day later police and construction workers withdrew under the exultation of sympathizers and local residents.
This summer afternoon the street is peaceful: parents walk with children, people sit on the citizenry in front of the houses in the sun, others talk about Späti.
In the immediate vicinity of the house projects are a primary school and kindergartens.
Left-wing violence is not the main concern of many local residents: Kerstin Neugebauer, who has been living in the neighborhood since 1999, and Jana *, who is raising three children, are annoyed by the police.
Together with the inhabitants of house projects, they share the concern of rising rents and gentrification.
It does not sound like a neighborhood, which mostly wanted police protection from vandalizing left.
The ditch, which the Berlin interior designer and the police between house occupiers and their neighbors open up, does not exist so obviously.
Friedrichshain in the east of Berlin was actually a traditional workplace, which today also has a low average income and a high risk of poverty compared to the rest of the city.
House occupations and the housing projects resulting from them have long been a part of the Kiez: in 1990 numerous houses were occupied in the former GDR, including almost the entire Mainzerstrasse, very close to the Riga.
While the Mainzer had been evicted under a large police force in a regular street battles, many of the projects in the Riga were legalized and some are still inhabited by the people who occupied them 26 years ago.
At the same time, the district has increasingly become a magnet for tourists and electoral Berliners from all over the world in recent years. They now share their neighborhood with GDR-era residents and former occupiers.
This is also evident in the rents that have risen by almost 60 percent since 2009 for new leases.
Many of the new buildings in the Riga are attacked as symbols of this development: they can be seen on inserted panes or freshly painted facades, which were stained with color bags.
No other street was so often mentioned this year together with the words "left-wing violence".
One reason that not all neighbors see this as a problem may be that they are not necessarily affected by crime: offenses such as bodily harm are directed to statistics almost exclusively against police officers.
The majority of the offenses constitute damage to property, which tend to meet the new buildings and newly renovated houses.
For Kerstin Neugebauer, who has been living in a tenement house for the past 17 years next to the controversial 94, there can be no question of uncertainty.
As for violent acts, it is appeasing: the people in the 94 are their neighbors, they were not that.
Even the famous burning cars do not exist anymore in Riga.
For the studied architect, her street is not a criminal focus, on the contrary: "They help each other, live together on the street and get more from one another than elsewhere."
Neugebauer deliberately moved to Riga Street.
That's why it was so important for the residents to get back to their streets: from the police, the politics and the media, who all of them suddenly claimed the importance of interpreting the district in July.
But in the eyes of residents like Neugebauer, the street is still being taken away from them: through faceless new buildings in former vacant lots, which the old inhabitants displace.
"These are ultimately condominiums, which are not interesting for many people here - people who are not so well looked after are more likely to live here," she says.
"Violence and destruction, I can absolutely not approve."
But what can you do if nobody ever listens to you?
There is frustration on all sides, including the police and the residents.
Kerstin Neugebauer has little sympathy for people who are attracted to color bombs: the house projects and the left scene belonged to the neighborhood.
Anyone who pulls should be aware of this - just like someone who moves into a pub area, can complain badly about noise.
All persons with only first names have asked not to be named with their real name
Urbach: Annika Deuschle is a new refugee commissioner
Annika Deuschle is the contact person for integration and organization.
She is also a social worker.
Since July, Annika Deuschle has been the refugee commissioner for Urbach.
The social pedagogue supports the Achim Grockenberger administration team.
It sees itself as a contact for all stakeholders: refugees, work group refugee aid, administration, authorities and who else is involved.
Regine Kunde from the work circle indicates that the volunteers are more than grateful, that Deuschle is now there, the egg laying wool milk, which is mainly a problem.
Thus, a few - less mocking than the many desired areas of the problem - had meant, as the administration wanted to advertise the position.
An administrative expert with a talent for languages and people, combined with a long-time experience in the field of social work, was looking for an egg-laying woolen milkau.
But administrative work is not their central area, says Annika Deuschle.
Above all, it is about organization, working with people on the ground and also behind the scenes, as well as networking activities.
The 31-year-old has been around for six weeks.
It has limited a 50 per cent point to three years.
"It was high time," says Regine Kunde, that Annika Deuschle supports honorary and full-time actors.
There are big and small problems, organizational, human and communication problems.
Soon there will be new containers in the Wasenstraße
A serious problem has been finding homes for the follow-up refugees who have been recognized for some time.
The local authorities are responsible for the connection.
They must place the refugees in their own or rented premises.
The costs of building, renting or renovating these accommodations must be borne by the municipalities themselves.
Responsibility changes from Landratsamt to municipalities and job centers.
Problem: There are free objects, but not every landlord wants to offer his apartment.
The search has been very difficult for some time.
De facto, the administration does not find any private dwellings.
It does not work so far, but one is dependent on private apartments, according to Deuschle.
Therefore, municipal housing must be upgraded as it is so beautiful.
So soon new containers will be set up in the Wasenstraße.
But only with apartments is it not done.
Perspective is the keyword, Regine customer and Annika Deuschle agree.
In addition to a permanent place, there are placements, training places, school places, one-euro jobs and assistance for refugees and migrants who have to be found or established.
"More places would be good," reports Regine Kunde.
Many work in the construction yard or help housemasters, do non-profit work - and that motivates and very neat, as Annika Deuschle reports.
It hopes that the work for the community will lead to a positive external effect.
This is "no occupational therapy".
But work does not just mean work.
The day needs a firm structure, says Deuschle and customer.
People would have to develop a sense of belonging.
So it needs such as sports, contacts with locals and especially language courses.
Professional courses are rare.
So here, too, administration and honorary officials are taking part.
It is central that the refugees feel that they are welcome and welcome in Germany.
The long duration of the proceedings is a problem.
They have to explain to the refugees that it is just taking time and that they can bridge the time meaningfully, for example with language courses.
Anyone who develops the feeling that he can not help anyone in Urbach, should not work and be useless, will never integrate.
The clear majority is motivated.
But there are also problems, says the customer, "people who do not mind." The work of Deuschle and the customer is therefore always to motivate others.
This is already a "mammoth task".
A difficult question: do they have fear of radicalization after the recent occurrences, even in a small municipality like Urbach?
"No," says Regine customer clearly, "what may be called naive", but a residual risk can not and does not exclude it.
The helpers were already sensitized.
These incidents are also the subject of refugees.
They are afraid that the assassin will bring them completely into disrepute.
"They want to show that they have nothing to do with it," Regine says.
Many would like to stay in Urbach.
So the main and honorary officials have to look for activities on the ground and in the region.
They always have in the background that a new blow to refugees and migrants could soon come to Urbach.
Does Germany need an upper limit?
To answer this question clearly, the policy shies.
Actually, it is unfair to hire helpers on the ground.
"In Urbach, we have not yet arrived where we are going," says Annika Deuschle.
No new refugees, that would relax the location.
Reginekunde also makes it clear that the Urbacher are already fully utilized to integrate the existing people sensibly.
At present there are about 100 people, mainly young men.
But when people are in need, they need help, both women agree.
The political world situation is so complicated, since there are no simple answers.
Schorndorf: Burglar with helicopter wanted
The police helicopter flew several areas for about an hour - unsuccessfully.
Two unknown men were forced into an apartment in a multi-family house on the Lindenweg at 8:50 am on Friday morning.
The resident surprised the two and struck the monster into flight.
The two men were about 1.65 to 1.70 meters tall, well masked, wearing both blue jeans and black hoodies.
They fled downtown.
The police used several strip crew as well as a police helicopter.
The search was unsuccessful.
Possibly, the unknowns fell before the action near the apartment or during their flight.
Baden-Wuerttemberg: police determined after rocker attack on snack
After an attack on an Ulmer snack, the police investigated six suspects from the Rockermilieu because of a serious country break.
The police reported on Friday that they had been given evidence and drugs in the course of searches.
Around 20 masked men of a rocker-like grouping had thrown bottles and stones against the window pane of a snack in July.
After that, they attacked two guests and injured one easily.
Then they fled.
At the snack bar and on the adjoining building a damage of 10000 euros was incurred.
According to the investigators, there is a dispute in the Ulm Rockermilieu between a Kurdish and a Turkish passage.
Thuringia: Zeiss Meditec has approached the sales billion
A high demand for medical technology in Asia boosted the sales of Carl Zeiss Meditec.
In the first nine months of the business year, which started in October, consolidated sales rose by 6.7 percent to 798.6 million euros, as the stock exchange listed on Friday in Jena.
The Asian business grew disproportionately by 17.1 percent.
Earnings before interest and taxes rose from EUR 89.5 million to EUR 110.5 million, according to the balance sheet.
In this fiscal year, the Jena medical technology group wants to exceed the one billion euro mark, the board confirmed.
Zeiss Meditec manufactures equipment and equipment for medical practices and clinics.
The company, which belongs to the optics and electronics group Carl Zeiss (Oberkochen), employs nearly 3,000 people.
