28-year-old chef found dead in San Francisco Mall
A 28-year-old chef, who recently moved to San Francisco, was found dead in the stairwell of a local shopping centre.
The victim's brother said he could not imagine anyone who would want to hurt him, "Endess went uphill on him."
The Leunam, which was found in Westfield Mall on Wednesday morning, was identified as the 28-year-old Frank Galicia from San Francisco, who shared the court medical department in San Francisco.
The San Francisco Police Department said the death was classified as murder and the investigation is underway.
The victim's brother, Louis Galicia, told the ABS Sen. KGO in San Francisco that Frank, who formerly worked as a Koch in Boston, had climbed his dream job six months ago as a chef at the Sons & Daughter's restaurant in San Francisco.
A spokesman for the Sons & Daughter said they were "shocked and destroyed on the ground."
"We're a small team that works like a close family and we'll miss him painfully," the spokesman added.
Our thoughts and condolences are in this difficult time at France's family and friends.
Louis Galicia admitted that Frank was initially living in hostels, but that, "the things for him finally went uphill."
"He found an apartment, he had a girlfriend," shared Louis Garcia KGO.
Louis Galicia said he could not imagine anyone wanting to hurt his younger brother.
He was a friendly person with a big heart.
Connecting his way with his family was to always cook us something to prepare for dinner, "Louis Galicia said.
He never wanted to take part in any kind of controversy.
He was the brother who was swinging with the electricity.
"In everything that's going wrong in the world, he was this casual diamond that's bright every day," he said.
Anyone who has information on the case will be asked to call the SFPD phone number at 415-575-4444.
Jennifer Aniston: I'll always put in drawer
Jennifer Aniston doesn't have to be perfect or successful.
That's what the Hollywood Star has clearly made clear in an interview now.
"I'll always be put in drawers or glued to the outside label, which, with me and the reality, have little to do."
"I do not want to be perfect and successful."
"To be honest, these things are rather shouting."
Jennifer Aniston (47) can only laugh about it as "Miss Perfect," as explained in the current "Cosmopolitan."
The actress spends her time at home, prem TV with loser Dutch and Mexican food, it is said in the magazine.
To the White House, they put the question after the children's wish: "We women don't have to be married or have children to be perfect," the Hollywood Star said.
In her new film, "Mother's Day - Love is not a children's game" is Aniston to see as an all-inclusive mother of two sons.
The film runs with us from August 25.
Golfer Langer gets the sports pyramid
His experiences on the horse are manageable.
At the end of a golf tournament in South Africa, Bernhard Langer was looking for a bit of variety with a passing on the beach.
For the 58-year-olds, it was a premiership.
Chio: 'Golden sports pyramid' for Bernhard Langer
After a few minutes, the horses were reminded of their holiday, they were hunting at home to feed.
A kilometre at that pace, I was afraid.
"It wasn't a good experience," says Langer.
And so the riding career ended again.
On Saturday, Germany's best golfers of all time - 101 tournament victories - were once again close to horses.
He left with his family about the ALRV facility, on a horse he was not interested in photography.
Long was the first time in Aachen and the CHIO.
The reason was quite convincing.
The German sports support was handed over to the man from Anhausen in the frame of a small gala the Golden Sports pyramid.
There is no lack of awards for the sympathetic athlete.
Bundesverwaltkreuz, Silver Lorbeerblatt, Champions Tour player of the year...
Even the British Queen has already posted it.
Long is the 18th anniversary of the sport pyramid.
In Aachen, he met first winner Hans Günter Winkler on Saturday.
"This award means a great deal," says Langer, "she is awarded not only for sporting successes but also for social engagement."
For decades, Langer has been promoting aftergrowth.
And so he gave the prize money of 25,000 euros equally.
With 15 other outstanding athletes, the two-fold US Masterwoman was added to the "Hall of Fame of the German Sports" on Saturday.
The recordings include the athletics of Hartwig Gauder and Harald Schmitt, the Turner Eberhard Gienger, the Fechter Cornelia Hanisch, Alexander Puch and Arnd Schmitt, the Ruderer Peter-Michael Kolbe, Bob-driver Meinhard Nehmer, the Judoka Frank Wieneke, the sprint of Alwin Schackemöle and postman of the craftsman Erhard Wunderlich.
Many of these sports legends came to Aachen on Saturday.
After the official part, the Fidelity company emigrated to the Springstadium, where the Lavazza Prize was running.
Bernhard Langer kept distance to the big animals.
Clinton and Trump's economic policy compared: It's all about the money
Invest in infrastructure and prevent TTP - that is what both Clinton and Trump want.
However, the two US presidential candidates are opposed to tax and energy policy and to a fundamental question.
The differences in economic policy between Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton are fundamental, rather philosophical.
Of the state.
Trump wants to keep in doubt rather small and warns against how the state can hurt the economy - with taxes and regulations.
Clinton wants to cut the economy to death and regulate to death, he says.
He himself would be quite different, Trump said.
He will have a massive return on regulations and he is strong for far-reaching tax reform with lower rates - for private and business.
Clinton, on the other hand, says that the State has certain tasks to do, opening up opportunities and spending money on it.
That is why taxes on the rich would be increased, she says.
Interestingly, both are very close to infrastructure.
To invest in it, Trump and Clinton say almost exactly.
The Democratic Applicant announces the biggest investment in new jobs since World War II.
Government investment programs in infrastructure are classical democratic policies, and are firmly rejected by Republicans, for example, by the government's government.
So, on Trump, there could still be bipartisan discussions.
The differences in energy and climate policy are clearer.
Trump wants to build coal-fired power plants and restore coal mining in the US again.
Oil extraction should also be possible in protected areas, the Paris climate agreement will announce it.
Clinton, on the other hand, wants to expand its investment program explicitly to expand and call for "a country to become the superpower of clean energy and create millions of jobs."
"It's probably going to be China, Germany or America - I want us to be."
But not only with the infrastructure - including international trade agreements - the two competitors are not too distant.
TPP, the transient trade deal, do not want to sign.
At the same time, both, however, do not want to isolate the US from international trade - but simply protect American jobs.
They are to be paid better, and for about Clinton.
The current minimum wage of $7.25 was a famine.
It wants to raise it to $15 per hour.
What Trump wants to do on this issue is not quite clear: Once he says, the minimum wage needs to be reversed, then he says he must not be changed.
But the big discussion of the next few months is likely to develop rather than the two camps.
On the one hand, Trump, who wants to relieve the economy and citizens, is to boost growth.
His critics think he would only increase the budget deficit.
On the other hand, Clinton, who, at least, wants to ask the wealthy to pay more taxes, and whose critics say: More taxes are not the solution either.
Escape: 'Every swept woman has experience of sexual violence'
Sexual violence is a part of everyday life for women fleeing their lives.
When they arrive in Germany they are often traumatized.
A house offers refuge.
In a large kitchen there are four women.
Each has a baby, which is not a year old.
One has put her little son in the arm.
He is guessing with great eyes curious in the room.
His mother startet on the table plate.
Until she notes that she is watching.
She smiled in short and kissed the little ones.
The scene looks normal.
Until you talk to Katrin Bahr.
She is a business leader of Condrobs, a promoter of social assistance in Bavaria, and deals with women on the flight.
The four women in the kitchen were flashing.
They live in the north of the north in one of the few decentralised accommodation for isolated women and their children in Bavaria.
In January, Condrobs put the establishment together with Pro Familia and the Munich Women's Relief.
It has recently been officially opened.
60 people live there - about 40 women and 20 children.
Men don't exist - even not as visitors.
The exception is a watchdog in front of the door.
"It's not overly to say: Every woman who arrives here has made her escape experience with sexual violence," says Bahr.
"Men are fleeing because of wars, because they are persecuted politically, because they are threatening torture or death or because their families send them to Europe," she tells.
Women overweigh other reasons for fleeing: "Many steal it because they don't see a different way out."
In their home, she has had experience of sexual violence, forced marriages, honour killings, slavery or forced prostitution.
That is what drives them.
The flight goes on.
"That Schleper, for example, for example for a bottle of water a sexual act is not a rare thing," says Bahr.
And the women are alone, they are not protected by their families.
Those who believe that as soon as they arrived in Germany are mistaken.
Here, too, single women in refugee shelter are often regarded as inferior and, at worst, abused.
That leads to some 90 per cent of the women who live in the accommodation in the Munich North are traumatized.
"Some of the children are certainly not voluntary."
Many women are so accustomed to saying nothing.
"Or they don't dare to talk openly about the experience because the sham is too big."
As they often don't get to help, they need more accommodation only for them, asks Bahr.
In Bavaria, the seven district governments are responsible for the accommodation of refugees.
Asked whether they knew about a similar project as in Munich in their area of responsibility, some replies No.
For example, there is no such thing in the upper Oberpfalz and Upper Franconia.
Even in the case of pigs, only women who have fled are not separated, says Karl-Heinz Meyer, the government's press spokesman.
In upper Bavaria, under- and middle-aged people, there are some community shelters or houses only for single women and their children.
The exception is Lower Bavaria, where there are two central accommodation exclusively for women.
The Committee on Women's Rights and Gender Equality in the European Parliament also calls for women to be accommodated separately.
In a study published for the committee, it said: "It is very important that men and women are home separated."
"Lack of privacy, or will accommodate men and women together, can lead to violence against women."
In particular, the washrooms should be separated and easily accessible to women.
As the women feel about this protection, you can read the rang that is available at the house in Munich.
"Since we've been talking about it, we have a long waiting list," Bahr says.
It could easily be a second home.
Assistant doctors dispute: Calls for new job fight
Deputies of assistants have called on their union to approve new anti-war measures in their disputes on a new contract.
The Junior Doctors Committee (JDC) of the British Medical Association (BMA) has called for its entire council to approve more work-related measures from the beginning of September.
The JDC said it would have said ministers had been asked to comment on concerns about the Treaty.
Assistant doctors and medical students voted in July to reject a contract agreed with the BMA.
It was rejected by 58% of its members who voted in the elections.
In a letter to members released on Twitter on Thursday night, JDC Ellen McCourt told the government that the government would remain "stubbornly quiet" on issues that resulted in the contract being rejected.
She said: "In view of this, the JDC Board of Directors has voted to fully reject the proposed new contract and have requested official renegotiation to all of the cases."
As a response to the government's silence, the JDC Board today made a formal request for a special meeting of the BMA Council to approve an ongoing programme of escalating labor action starting in early September.
The disputes led to the fact that assistant doctors had six occasions this year, the first overall failures in the history of the NHS.
The head of the BMA assistant doctor Dr. Johann Malawana resigned after the election to reject the agreed contract conditions recommended by the BMA.
He shared BMA members during meetings which were still pending before the vote by 54,000 assistants and medical students, that the contract should be beneficial and should be adopted.
After the vote, Health Minister Jeremy Hunt said the contract would be enforced for doctors in England.
Russia and Turkey: An "Alliance of outsiders"?
It was a gesture that ended a crisis.
The leaders of Russia and Turkey met on Tuesday to give their hands and declare an official end of the eight-month-long war of words and economic sanctions.
But when Vladimir Putin received his Turkish counterpart in the murdering Hall of St. Petersburg's Palace, I cannot deny that Ankara wants this reconciliation most.
There was the handshake, yes.
But Putin's smile had a meltdown, and he barely radiated heat, even for his restrained relationships.
Recep Tayyip Erdogan, on the other hand, spoke repeatedly of his "dear friend" Putin - according to a report all five times.
I couldn't count it any more.
He also promised that relations with Russia would not only return to their old level before the crisis, but will even improve.
The next day, a newspaper described that Erdogan would have been as it would never have happened.
To me, his enthusiasm seemed to suggest the opposite.
But a sustained and sustainable cold demonstrated by Putin that Russia's leader had nothing to forget.
Rather, the cause of the crisis was the first thing he mentioned in his words: The firing of a Russian fighter on the Syrian border with Turkey.
Moscow's reaction to the time was wuttering.
Putin shared out and accused Ankara of being back to Russia.
The offence was even bigger, as it was committed by a alleged friend.
Building the veto will be difficult, if not impossible.
Public opinion in Russia has changed since November.
For months, state-controlled media conducted a fierce, full attack on Ankara.
Once it seemed as if the Turks were to blame for everything.
The most serious were allegations by senior officials that Erdogan's own family would have benefited from the illegal oil trade in areas of Syria controlled by the so-called Islamic State.
He disputed that.
But in St Petersburg, the official message was that it was time to look forward.
After all, this meeting was held only because Putin received the apologies of President Erdogan.
Russia had a kind of victory.
For Ankara, the benefits of a ceasefire are clear.
Erdogan first needs all the friends he can get after he was unravelled at a failed coup last month.
Repeated terrorist attacks on Turkey have also shaken him.
But there are economic motives too.
Russian sanctions have hit Turkey hard - in particular, the ban on charter flights that typically bring several million Russian tourists to the Turkish coast every year.
The number has dropped by nearly 90%.
In Russia, tour operators and charter companies will be relieved when flights are resumed.
They count on a late-seasonal Anstorm to the Mediterranean.
This week, the state television forecast cheaper fruits and vegetables as soon as Turkish agricultural imports are allowed again.
A report in Vedemosti put it: "Tourists there, tomatoes here long."
But the visit had an additional political value for Moscow.
Ankara is angry at the West as it considers its response to the attempted takeover as a weak answer.
To this end, continued resentment of the EU's accession negotiations and Putin - who is eager to benefit from the cool mood and reduce Turkey's relationship with the West.
The Russian leader won in Ankara with security a bonus for calling for support for elected statehood following the attempted coup d'état.
For Moscow, this is a matter of course, which itself has a deep fear of regime change.
The summit in this Gaulal palace on the sea allowed Russia and Turkey to portray a "alliance of outsiders," as one analyst once described to me: Two countries that are in breach of the West and feel poorly treated and are now behind.
Yet, despite public reconciliation, there are still great differences between the two.
The biggest difference is Syria, where Moscow has recently served as a peacemaker, but where Russia and Turkey support opposing sides.
It might be significant that, after nearly three hours of initial talks, both presidents said at the press conference that they would not even have had the issue.
The President of Turkey deliberately had to respond to a question about their differences, while Putin chose to emphasize it.
There is no clear consensus on where a common denominator can be found on Syria.
But after months of open hostility - and in view of the potential for a perfect disaster, when NATO member Turkey shuts off the Russian fighter jet - it is certainly better that the two Heads of State should, at least again, talk again.
Royal Bank of Scotland for customers outside Scotland no longer available
The RBS brand is supposed to be reduced to a backoffice role, according to the bank's default.
The Royal Bank of Scotland will no longer be available to customers outside Scotland.
Ross McEwan told BBC Scotland that the RBS brand was linked to the bank's global ambitions.
The Bank has since distanced itself when she had almost collapsed and rescued eight years ago.
At this time, Markenstadists used "RBS" to protect other end-of-the-art retail trade marks.
She supported international sports with millions of pounds of sponsorships, from Six Nations Rugby to Wimbledon winner Andy Murray.
But now it has decided to focus on more national brands.
The Royal Bank of Scotland will only be available to customers in Scotland but will not be initialized.
In England and Wales, all RSB references, the decentralised headquarters and stock exchange will change to NatWest.
The Ulster Bank brand is already used for customers in the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland.
There are other smaller brands for the retail business that will receive more importance - Coutts Bank, Adam & Co, Drummond and Holt's Military Bank.
McEwan was interviewed during a tour of clients and staff in Inverness-shire.
He shared the BBC Scotland with: "The RSB brand will become our investor brand and the brand under which our employees will be employed, as we will now become more a bank of brands."
When the bank became a global brand, RBS became the global brand.
I am saying now that we are pursuing not global targets but local objectives.
Each of these brands will be completely different in their own communities and our employees will work with the customers under these brands.
RBS has already announced that it will no longer continue its Six Nations Sponsoring and that it will increase the visibility of the various brands in its sports sponsorship.
"It is time for us to develop into the bank of the brands, because how do we concentrate on the inside (we asked) to make this a better bank for customers?" Said the CEO.
It would have been very cynical three years ago if we said that we would be a great bank for our customers and that these brands had been launched.
But with our work, the focus on customer needs and not our own, I think we will see many changes.
We can launch these brands again, so I think the time has come.
Frankie Dettori reaches pressor his 3,000th win at Newmarket
Dettori spray champagne after a double at Newmarket, bringing him 3,000th profit
The Jockey Frankie Dettori secured his 3,000th British win at Newmarket on Friday.
He set to predilection, trained by John Gosden, on his local race track with his second win of the night a milestone.
The 45-year-old Italian is the sixth jockey to reach the milestone in the flat race.
He follows Sir Gordon Richards, Doug Smith, Lester Piggod, Pat Eddry and Willie Carson.
The three-time winner Dettori, who won at Ghayyar, said: "It's something special."
I'm very emotional because my family is here too
I am very happy that it happened at Newmarket because I landed here 30 years ago.
It's not a big meeting, it's not Royal Ascot - it's a banal Friday evening with 20,000 people.
I'm relieved and very modest.
Dettori takes the jubilee when he picks up victory
Two jockeys reached the milestone in the impeachment race - Jockey Richard Johnson and the retired 20-painted winner Sir Anthony McCoy, who scored more than 4,300 wins in a rebound career.
Lester Piggod, the nine-member Derbywinner had 4,493 career talent
Frankie is one of the best jockey of the modern era and it is no surprise that he has achieved this milestone, which has reached just a few.
He has style and is strong, but it's his tactical intellect that distinguishes him from the others in the weight control room.
He's a fantastic ambassador for race, his enthusiasm and charisma thrilled fans for years for this sport.
I told Frankie a few weeks ago at Epsom that he had already picked 6,000 wins if he wouldn't just be a weekend and big tournament jockey!
Frankie already has nearly 30 years in GB, which is great.
He has a living personality, which is good for a British race, but beyond that he is an incredible jockey.
Frankie Dettori celebrated the milestone with a typical Flying Dismount
From the Flying finisher to Flying Dismots, Frankie Dettori has been the flagship of the British flat race for two decades.
It was nervous.
A whole series of great turnovers, including his famous "Glorious Sieben" in Ascot in 1996, also survived a plane crash and received a drug ban.
Three years ago, he initially had trouble when he returned from his six-month-old lock, but he showed an impressive characteristic strength to defy his doubters and return to his bride.
And he's still far from the end - Dettori said earlier that he would want to carry on in competitions up to his minimum 50.th life year.
Russia's Putin fire chief executive Sergei Ivanov
Russian President Vladimir Putin has unexpectedly dismissed his chief executive Sergei Ivanov.
Ivanov was part of Putin's closest trust circle for many years.
The 63-year-old was appointed as Special Representative for Environment and Transport Affairs.
In a Kremlin opinion, it is that Putin has ordered "the dismissal of Ivanovs of his duties as chairman of the Russian presidential administration."
Anton Vaino, who was Ivanov's deputy since 2012, was appointed to his successor.
Vaino, 44, is a former diplomat.
Born in Tallinn in 1972, he graduated from the renowned State Moscow Institute of International Relations (MGIMO) and worked in the Embassy in Tokyo.
On the Kremlin's website, it is said (in Russian) that he was subsequently the chief executive of government staff.
On his appointment, he said to Putin: "Thank you for your trust."
I think it is the government's most important task to support your work as a Head of State with regard to draft laws and controls to implement your instructions.
Putin told Russian TV station on Friday that Ivanov had asked to leave his post and recommended Vaino as his successor.
Convincing the smiling faces?
This move has made Moscow mystery weeks.
Sergei Ivanov has long been one of Vladimir Putin's closest confidants, and works like him for the Soviet intelligence service, the KGB.
As a striker, he was one of the country's most powerful men.
At a meeting with President Putin, broadcast on television, both men claimed the stabbing would resign on their own request.
But despite the smile for the cameras, few of them are convinced - especially now, just before the parliamentary elections.
Is this the result of a kind of power struggle?
Nobody currently knows.
But the official claim - that a man who was once prized as a potential president - would like to head to Russian environmental policy - came to great skepticism.
In his remarks to Putin, who are quoted on the Kremlin's website, said Ivanov, "it is true that in early 2012 I asked you in a conversation to give me this very complicated post - one could almost say - complaining for four years.
As it turns out, I have been chairman of the presidential administration for four years and eight months.
Ivanov took the post in December 2011.
Previously he was deputy prime minister and defense minister.
He is a member of the Russian Security Council and, like Putin, former member of the KGB State Security Service.
In the late 1990 "s, when Putin was Chairman of the BHS, which replaced KGB, Ivanov was appointed to his deputy.
When Putin came to power, he called Ivanov as one of five people he was most familiar with.
Once it was assumed that Ivanov could become President of Russia after Putin's second term, as a third term Putin had breached the Constitution.
But that post was taken by Putin's closest ally, Dmitry Medvedev.
Putin became prime minister before becoming president three and a half years later.
Criminal Minds Star Thomas Gibson fired after beating producer
Gibson was involved in a physical battle at the set of the series in Los Angeles last month.
ABC Studios and CBS Television Studios, who produce the series, announced his termination in a joint statement.
Gibson, who played the Special Agent Aaron Hotchner, apologized publicly on Thursday before announcing his termination.
On the set came to artistic differences and a disagreement.
I regret the incident, "he said in a communication.
Details on how the character Gibson's appearance from the series, which follows a team of FBI agents, is expected to be released at a later stage, according to the opinion of ABC Studios and CBS Television Studios.
The 54-year-old, who has previously played in the sitcom Dharma & Greg, has been in the series since the first season of the series in 2005.
"I love Criminal Minds and have stuck to the last 12 years," Gibson said in a communication released on Friday.
I had hoped until the end, but that will not be possible now.
I would like to thank the authors, producers, actors, our wonderful crew and, above all, the best fans who can only wish for a series.
The planned broadcasting of the 12th season is scheduled for 28 September.
Riddles around fish landed in garden in Banff
A population of Banff called for help in identifying the fish that appeared in his garden in Banff.
Kevin Bain thinks that the 75 fish could be around Sandal, who were spilled by a fountain.
Mr Bain, who lives about 500 metres from the sea, posted a video of the spectacle on Periscope in the hope that someone could throw some light on the appearance of the two inches long fish.
Queensferry Crossing: Bridge now linked to Fife
The £1.35-billion-expensive project is to be completed by May 2017
Engineers have linked the North deck of the Queensferry Crossings with the Viaduct - meaning the bridge is now linked to Fife.
It is the first of four decrees of the "cover zone," which approaches the completion of each of the three towers of the bridge.
Fife's bridge section is now 600 metres long and weighs 30,000 tons.
It has 10,000 tonnes of steel and 20,000 tonnes of concrete, as well as 46 wires.
The £1.35 billion project is to be completed by May 2017.
Business Minister Keith Brown issued a visit today and was one of the first to go to the bridge from the country.
He said: "This is a historic and symbolic moment in the construction of the Queensferry Crossings.
We are all witnesses to engineering from a truly epic degree in this project with more than 30,000 tons of concrete and steel used alone for this part of the bridge.
Despite the massive size and weight of the bridge, the completion of the closure between the viaduct and the bridge deck is a delicate activity that requires extremely precise tolerances for the passage.
Overall, almost 79% of the entire bridal deck is at their place and the last section of the deck is now getting a concrete cast for the deck in Rosyth, which means the entire deck is ready to be raised on the bridge.
Michael Martin, project manager of Forth Crossing Bridge Constructors said: "The first conclusion is a significant milestone in each bridge project.
In this fantastic project, the conclusion represents a pioneering high-end construction.
After the installation of the last road cover and its connection with the northern turmdeck, we had to close the existing gap on the North or Landside.
This was achieved by dragging the northern Zubragerbrücke bridge 700 millimeters south.
This was a massive and, at the same time, very delicate activity.
Massive, as the viaduct is 222 meters long, it weighs about 6,000 tons and has to be pulled upwards of about 3%.
Delicate, as the tolerances to which the team is working, they were tiny - on each side they were only a few millimetres.
Thankfully, everything went very well.
Save in Moelfre Bay: Three men have 'happiness still alive'
Three men have "lucky still to be alive" after they were thrown out of their fishing boat before Anglesey.
The Moelfre RNLI rescue station beat about 13: 20 BST alert on Friday after a crew watched the event in Moelfre Bay.
The three men had trouble swimming while their boat moved out of their own.
"We saw how the boat was going close to it and gave us the worst before," said the head of the rescue station of Moelfre Vince Jones.
"Thankfully, the strong winds already got the boat out of reach until we left to water," he added.
Two of the men were rescued by a local fishing boat, while the third man was exhausted at the age of 60 and was spotted on a Boper hanging without a rescue.
They came all aboard the shore rescue boat and were brought back to rescue station
Mr Jones said: "The three men who were thrown into the water were lucky to be uninjured and still alive.
The boat driver had an emergency pad, but it was the victim of the boat.
Someone today washed up over these men.
Hard to hurt - man stung to his ex-girlfriend
A man has attacked and severely injured his ex-girlfriend in Hamburg-Harburg.
As the police said yesterday, the 50-year-old had the key to the apartment to pick up his personal things.
Instead, the cultured offender crushed the clothes of his ex-girlfriend.
When this came into the apartment, he sat on it twice.
The 44-year-old was injured at hand and on the body.
Police were able to arrest the perpetrator.
While the 50-year-old destroyed the clothes of his ex-girlfriend, he called his mother.
This was the alarm with his sister.
Together with her lifeline, the 45-year-old wanted to reassure her brother.
She could not move him to leave the apartment.
That is why she went out of the house with her lifeline.
On the road, they met the man's ex-life threat.
When the two women revisited the apartment, the 50-year-old had his sister to the side and attacked his ex-girlfriend.
Who builds Braunschweig's cheap apartments?
The SPD and the Greens mean that investors should be given a much stronger role in the future.
How to respond to the bad news that Braunschweig will lose nearly 1300 cheap homes in the next few years?
The SPD proposes a "approach to action" at the next Council meeting.
But dispute is programmed.
The first concerns the question of who is to build the cheap apartments?
A regulation has to date.
SPD we are agreed with the Greens: Who wants to build on urban land must in future designate 20% of all apartments as social housing. "
However, affordable apartments can also be built in stock.
However, the big dispute in the town hall is, however, Bratmann: "How do you talk about investing in private land?"
"We want investors to build on such land at least 10 percent, but as much as 20 percent of homes as social housing."
A new urban housing support programme, which will cost millions and will still be funded, will provide incentives.
The problem, Bratmann: "There is still no agreement between the groups."
The CDU wants investors to make as few rules as possible.
The left wants to go even harder for investors.
Despite this, Bratmann said, the situation in the housing market is worsening.
If the concept of action is implemented, it will provide additional tasks in the building management.
More staff are needed.
It is unclear whether we will get the professionals.
But the programme is not entirely: For the approximately 1260 new homes that should be built anyway.
But how does the loss of more than 1300 cheap apartments be phased out?
It will be 500 apartments by 2020 alone.
To prevent this, the planning spokesperson Nicole Palm should now be bought-up from the city.
In addition, consideration should be given to bringing homes back into price fixing.
This is possible in the western city.
The problem could be solved.
For in the West, the deadline is for the end of the year.
Around 1800 apartments could get back to price fixing for cheap apartments.
Only those who do not want housing companies.
The fact that the number of social housing in the West is dramatically increased again is the aim of the so-called mixture.
There should be no more of a concentration of social weakness in just a few neighbourhoods.
The Greens are counting on the fact that there will be some movement in the discussion.
Group Chairman Holger Herlitschke said: "For a broad majority, the CDU must be in the boat."
This has concentrated on more places for single-family homes.
But what does not mean that we cannot find a compromise.
Pokémon Go, a hunt for health and happiness worth seeing
It is fascinating to see how the world is changing.
That teens and children are no longer to go outside, but rather prefer to spend their free time on screens, has been complained by many over the last decade.
At Pokemon Go, it's about getting people from the sofa to get more active.
The time at the screen was initially confined to the TV, then limited to video games and most recently on smartphones.
It is therefore great to see that technology and outdoor activities are not mutually exclusive.
I am, of course, referring to the Pokémon Go-Wahn, an app based on the characters that were first created for video games in the 1990s (a cartoon series, game cards and other spin-offs).
Like many phenomena of pop culture, interest declined before the release of the game in the US, Australia and New Zealand in early July.
The launch of the market in other countries has been delayed by the massive demand that the servers overloaded.
Within a few days, Pokémon Go had more users than tinder and almost as many as Twitter.
How does it work?
In short, players go out with their smartphones and search for Pokémons, who are tracked with a GPS and, once found, "photographed" (via a screenshot on the phone) or "captured."
A generation playing the game, when she was even younger, joined the win and jumped for the sofa.
In the US, the game led to a significant rise in steps that the "average" person put back every day.
Cardiogram, an app for Apple Watch, which tracked 35,000 users, told the Washington Post recently that within two days of the game's launch, the number of subsequent people, who train every day for 30 minutes, jumped from 45 percent to 53 percent.
The company doesn't know who is playing Pokémon Go - it only sees the raw data for the performance increase.
A lot of public awareness-raising campaigns on health, who want to get people to "take 30 minutes," "from the sofa to come" and "active every day," because many public messages about health are boring and come from people who look elend.
Nevertheless, the importance of sport cannot be overvalued.
Those who regularly drive sports reduce their chances of becoming sick of cancer or depression.
Physical activity helps in weight control, high blood pressure, diabetes and a long list of benefits that is too long to lead them here.
But the Wonderful of Pokémon Go is that it brings people to do something outdoors that makes them fun.
Three pillars of health cover - movement, fresh air and sunshine and fun.
Some people close to hunting even new friendships.
As always, there are men's players who always have to complain about something.
And yes, someone could run against a door.
What?
A breakthrough occurred.
Even if smartphone apps like Fitbit had previously been able to follow our activity earlier, they gave us no reason to drive sports like this game.
The new one will lose its charm and use it with time.
However, thanks to Pokemon's success, there will be more games that will unite apps and virtual reality with the assets in the real world, helping many people to hunt, active, fitter and healthier.
Read Dr. Joes Blog on www.drjoetoday.com
Simone Biles creates gold in the dam
Forget the pressure.
Forget the hype.
Simone Biles is on all that immune.
Dynamically on the sprunken.
Effortlessly on the bar.
Stunning on the ground.
On whole line brilliant.
And now, at last, Olympic Champion.
The 19-year-old American Turner climbed to the multiplayer title on Thursday and enlarged the gap between himself and the rest of the world in the face of the Olympics.
Their overall result of 62.198 was clearly in front of the silver medal winner and "Final Five" team-mate Aly Raisman and the Russian bronze medal winner Aliya Mustafina.
The American women's Simone Biles turnt on the Sweet during the men's section of the women in the arts tournaments at the Summer Olympics Games in Rio de Janeiro in 2016, Brazil, Thursday.
Biles is the fourth heterosexual American who wins a multi-match title and overall the fifth, while consolidating her reputation to be the best of her generation or even at all.
She broke out in tears when her final result was shown and her long journey in that moment was ending.
This success puts them into the same league as unique athletes like Michael Phelps, who have brought their sports to new heights:
Biles has dominated her sport's last three years, winning 15 world championship medals - including 10 gold medals - with so amazing exercises that involve a mix of ambition and precision that the Olympic champion of 1984 Mary Lou rescues of her said she was "the best turner I ever saw."
She expected a final exam in Brazil, a contest that went not so much between Biles and the rest of the athletes, but rather between her and a load of over-dimensional expectations.
Not having a handful of gold back to the family in Spring, Texas would be seen as disappointment.
The American women Simone Biles, left, and Aly Raisman tumbled off after they have won gold and silver in the women's singles in the arts tournaments at the 2016 Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, Thursday
Biles picked up the first medal on Tuesday while serving as an exclamation mark on the relegation ceremony of the team co-ordinator Martha Karolyi.
Although Biles insisted on it, during her long way to the top, never planned the future, that's not really true.
Part of their floor exercises - which includes their typical Tumbling Pass - is aligned to Latin American music that would fit at home on the street outside the Olympic arena in Rio.
This is no accident.
This girl, who has been adoptioned by her grandparents as a small kid and was discovered by trainer Aimee Boormans's mother during a school outing, in which Boorman trained, became the force.
It has not lost any more competition since the summer of 2013, a set of victories that will continue as long as Biles wishes.
Even though Mustafina was slightly guided by two shoots, the picture sounded.
Swedes and Bodenburg - in which Biles holds the World Championship title.
She picked up again with 15,433 on the Sweet again - and still has a 15,933 on the ground.
Raisman breathed them gently when they expected their final wound - a pure formality - and tears flowing on Biles's glossy red, white and blue Eyeer than the vision she once described in her collection book.
The performance Raismans was a revenge for the last time four years ago when she fought for third place but the bronze medal went to Mustafina.
This time, the 22-year-old number of teams, called "Oma," had a lead.
After her floor exercise, she threw the audience Kouswede, overwhelmed by a comeback that sometimes appeared dubious.
As far as Biles is concerned, the rapidly expanding tweet of the 19-year-old from the beginning of this week has a very new meaning:
Police: 3 victim in serial killer incident at music hearing in car shot
According to police reports published on Thursday, two women and a 12-year-old girl were shot dead in one of the most deadly attacks since a decade in the first series mortar case of Phoenix, while they kept in the car and listened to music.
Angela Rochelle Liner, Stefanie R. Ellis and Ellis daughter Maleah were shot dead on June 12 while the car was parked in an entrance, authorities said.
The perpetrator humbled eight shots from a handgun weapon while standing on the passenger's side of the car and then fled with another vehicle, is to read in the report.
Police said that the triple murder did not seem to have been the result of a robbery, as the attacker did not take the handbags or the $2,900 who was in possession of one of the adult victims.
Phoenix Sgt. Jonathan Howard said the shooting was giving investigators a closer look at whether they are linked to four previous attacks.
In total, in Hispanic residential areas, seven people were killed and two more injured in nine attacks within four months.
"It happens in a residential neighborhood in front of a house," shared Howard of the KHPO, a subsidiary of CBS, earlier this month.
It is believed to have used several vehicles, including a brown Nissan from the late 1990 "s, a black BMW from the late 1990s and a white Cadillac or Lincoln.
Investigators refused to disclose the evidence they led to the conclusion that the attacks were linked and were committed by the same killer.
Ellis, 33, was hospitalized due to her injuries and died later.
Liner, 31, and Ellis daughter Maleah still died on the ground.
One witness told police that it was not uncommon for them to sit in a parked car and hear music.
Authorities also released a police report on the shooting, which targeted an empty pickup truck a half-hour before the triple murder and assumed it was the work of the serial killer.
Investigators found patron enclosures and secured a ball from the seat as well as ball fragments from the engine room.
Mother of a 6-year-old with microcephale: 'It gets better'
Like most six-year-olds, Edmund Picciuto loves singing, toys and, of course, his mother.
But like the least of his contemporaries, Edmund microcephale, the result of a genetic disorder, about which his mother Elizabeth Picciuto did nothing during her pregnancy.
When he first came home, my first thought was that I did not do that.
I do not.
I did not admit it.
What's not true -- of course, it's been up to it, "she said.
Her husband Vincent and her were told that Edmund will never be able to recognize her and that he might not even survive.
Some doctors even went so far that they suggested institutionalising it.
"My first answer to that was' I didn't know that people still do, '" explained Picciuto.
Edmund can run through a salary.
Edmund could neither sit nor craved until his third year of life and he still cannot speak.
But he is making slow progress.
He can run with support and cycling.
He also loves playing and singing with his two brothers.
Elizabeth shows the sign language that Edmund for "Please call me something before"
"We bring it to him," told Picciuto CBS News.
But it is not a typical sign language -- says it.
Microcephale has a variety of causes: Genetic like at Edmund and infections with viruses such as measles or the Zikavirus during pregnancy.
Symptoms and predictions may vary greatly.
It is too early to say how it will affect the lives of those affected by the Zikavius.
Picciuto recalls the emotional price of an uncertain future.
I always asked what will happen?
What will happen?
And she still doesn't really know.
I haven't been asking for a long time because I don't expect anyone to really tell me.
But Picciuto has had a hopeful advice for mothers of babies with birth damage caused by the Zikavirus.
It's getting better.
You know that it will be better for you.
You'll love your kid and your kid will love you.
Heavy rains, flooding gives rise to bailouts in Louisiana, Mississippi
Heavy rains and large-scale flooding in Louisiana forced the governor to call the emergency on Friday, and it is expected to have more rain on Saturday.
Numerous rivers in south-east Louisiana and southern Mississippi flooded their shores and threatened with large-scale flooding after extreme rains, reported the National Weather Service.
The governor of Louisiana John Bel Edwards shared that state officials are in constant contact with local authorities and are already on the road to help the communities affected.
Mike Steele, a spokesman for the Governor's Office of Homeland Security and Emergency Preparedness, said that requests for high-water vehicles, boats and sand sacks were multiple.
Steele said that alone the municipality of Tangipahoa had requested 10 thousand sand bags.
A flood alert system is used across vast parts in southern Louisiana until Saturday.
The weather service provided evidence that additional 3 to 5 inches of rain could fall in this area.
In the south of Alabama, a flight alert system was used on Friday, while it continued to rain in the Mobile.
The River Comite near Baton Rouge and the River Amite near Denham Springs, both located in Louisiana, are likely to reach record lows after over the weekend.
The Metereologist Alek Krautmann says both rivers could overshadow many houses in suburban areas near Baton Rouge.
He also said that a stream-driven flooding in Ascension Parish is a danger, as they will only slowly flow into the Lake Maurepas.
The River Tickshaw, south of the Mississippi State border in Liverpool, Louisiana, reached the highest level on Friday, which was ever recorded.
Rescue teams still pleaded to people from the floodwaters in the district of Amite and Wilkinson in the Southwest of Mississippi.
Leroy Hansford, his wife and his stepson were among those rescued near Gloster on Friday.
Hansford, 62, says that water from Beaver Creek, which is normally more than 400 feet from his house, rose sharply overnight.
He said it would have warned him a further pen son who lives nearby.
"We are guarded and the water flowed and moved in," Hansford said.
It reached my waist.
His wife, Hansford, said that in the 48 years they lived there would never have seen such high levels of the river.
Hansford said he and his family members would have all disabilities and he would be the only person who can swim.
Hansford said emergency workers had rescued all three in a major military truck and brought them to the next fire guard in Gloster, where they were housed until Friday.
Krautmann said the flood "had spread quickly" as there were still heavy rains and that the authorities were considering evacuation instructions.
According to Krautmann, an observer reported near Livingstone from midnight to Friday morning from 13.75 inches of rain.
Krautmann said the ground had been substantially depleted by the rains since Wednesday.
Authorities said heavy rains and road flooding caused the rescue of residents from their homes in Tangipahoa Parish and school failures in five school districts.
The CBS subsidiary WWL reported that an ants in Tangipahoa had 200 flooded houses.
Residents were evacuated in two churches, which were now both flooded.
The forehead of the Municipality of Robby Miller said authorities had rescued 72 people and seven pets that had been washed out of flooding.
Emergency shelters were set up in the cities of Amite and Hammond to house the evacuees.
"Once the water begins to go back, they will be able to return to their homes again," he said.
In the town of Hammond of the municipality of Tangipahoa, almost two dusty roads were closed down because of flooding and sandsacks for residents to be included, hoping to keep the water from their homes and shops.
"The last major flooding we had was in March," said Lacy Landrum of the City Administration.
This seems to be a similar incident.
In Mississipp, the emergency manager Rupert Lacy of the Harrison County said it continued to rain on the Gulf Coast.
According to his claims, a handful of houses were to be reported as flooded on Thursday, but on Friday no one reported.
Keith Townson, manager at Shopper Value Foods in Amite, has been living in the area for 40 years.
"I've seen water in places I've never seen before," Townson said, "and it's still coming."
Mahaj Brown, 6, "wiped away from bullets, survives shooting in Philadelphia
Police say the six-year-old boy was shot in Philadelphia, this week already the second time a six-year-old child is shot.
The boys' grandparents identified him for CBS Philadelphia as Mahaj Brown.
The grandparents said Brown suffered multiple gunshots, including in the leaning, leg, arm and belly, but that he was in the hospital at his transport.
"He went through a lot, his small body was extinguished by balls," shared his grandmother Delores Melendez to the station.
I simply cannot believe it.
The boy's condition was considered critical in a hospital and he had to undergo multiple operations.
The boy's family told the broadcaster he is expected to come back again.
He should have started the first class in a local primary school.
Brown was one of four people shot in Germantown.
There were also three men: Two aged 29 and a 32-year-old.
One of the 29-year-old men is in critical condition; the other two victims are in the stable condition according to CBS Philadelphia.
The boy was spotted on the front seat of a car along with the 29-year-old who is in a critical condition, said the station.
The other two victims were not in the car and the police were investigating whether they could be in one of the perpetrators' injured men.
Investigators shared CBS Philadelphia that apparently there was a cruise between multiple shooters.
Patrones for storm guns, which have been traced back to various storm guns, have been paralysed.
It seems that this is clearly an ongoing struggle.
On the road, on both sides of the secret, they were shakes.
So it seems that there have been several armed fighters who have been very actively involved, "shared police surgeon Anthony Ginaldi of the police in Philadelphia.
Several houses and vehicles were also hit in the area.
No arrests and police are currently reviewing the surveillance video.
On Tuesday, another 6-year-old girl was struck by a quake in the arm when she played in front of her house in the residential area of West Oak Lane.
She is recovering and police are still searching for a suspect.
Why we need Simone, Gabby and Laurie
That is what I would like to present under the Women's Olympian Mission in Turnen and that is more than a reason.
First of all, I have been in every summer Olympics since 1984 and the US has never been so dominant.
And secondly: This team has three stars, Simone Biles, Gabby Douglas and Laurie "Laurie" Hernandez, who inspired many young girls of other skin color.
The structure of this crew, the Aly Raisman, which is Jüdin and Madison Kocian, who is a Catholic, makes every proud.
This team finally reflects the US.
It has consolidated the black and Hispanic female presence at the top of this sport.
In the last four years, the number one among female athletes was an Afro-American.
Last year, Simone and Gabby were # 1 and # 2.
That shows strength.
At the last Olympic Games, Gabby Douglas was a surprise Olympic winner and America.
Now the world has been able to witness the incredible performance of the three-time world champion Simone Biles, Douglas and Laurie Hernandez, as they delivered unexpected, yet masterful gymastic routines.
On Thursday, Simone became the fourth, heterosexual American, who won for an individual multi-match event for women gold.
Team member Aly Raisman won silver.
We are seeing the top of this sport, but so, in the rest of the country, tournament classes are not.
Simone, Gabby and Laurie beat all the same way as Aly and Madison to create it to the Olympic team.
They are the "Last Five" because the next Olympiad will have only four runners in the team, and this is the last year with Marta Karolyi as a trainee.
But the reality is that Turnen is a more expensive sport and that Turner is primarily in private tournaments maintained by parents who will pay for the training, instruction, travel, competition and hotel costs (for the coaches and their visitors and families).
The majority of these tournaments lie in wealthy suburbs that can support the business.
In these clubs, the Turner receives their entire training and that is a costly and long-term commitment to the families.
Aimee Boorman, trainer of Simone Biles, and Maggie Haney, trainer of Laurie Hernandez, have both trained their athletes since they started with the turf.
We need to allow the municipalities of Aug.
I set up my Turn Foundation of 20 years.
At my events, we have offered a free and affordable tower in Harlem for more than 15,000 urban youngsters (especially black and Hispanic) and trained national and international.
In September we will expand to Detroit (my home town) to provide the youth of high-quality turners who will earn the opportunity to learn and profit from this fantastic Olympic sport.
Turnen develops strength, flexibility and coordination for the body and hard work, discipline and consistency for the mind.
This combination offers life-long benefits for health and for educational and professional success.
It is the inspiration of this team that brings thousands of young girls to interest in the Turnen and that is great.
It is so important to take part in sport, especially for girls.
This is so exciting.
Thanks to Simone, Aly, Laurie, Gabby and Madison for this genuine portrayal of "Girl Power" by the Holen of the Olympic team golds and thanks to her so many young girls with different backgrounds motivated to start their way to become healthy, strong and successful young women.
Assistant veterans want to organize further strikes after rejecting Jeremy Hunt's proposal
Ministers had hoped to end the dispute over the changes by adopting a reformed treaty with the officials of the British Medical Association, but 58 percent of the 37,000 assistants who voted in the election rejected him.
In July, Hunt unveiled plans to impose the contract forcibly, saying that the NHS would be in a "no man's land" and would be damaging any further delay for staff and patients.
The first assistants are to receive a new contract, which includes changes to night and weekend work to improve care for uneasiness.
Dr Ellen McCourt, the chair of the BMA Kommitee for assistant doctors, shared last night in a communication with: "Assistant doctors still have serious concerns about the proposed contract, in particular that it will fuel the current workforce crisis and will treat all doctors fairly."
In just eight weeks remaining until the first group of doctors falls under the new Treaty, progress must be made and time is running out.
Efforts on the part of the BMA to resolve the disputes through talks have led to the government's reluctance to participate and, at times, to silence.
That happened to the one that Jeremy Hunt had made only last month that his door would always be open.
"Jeremy Hunt needs to act now, lift the excitement and address the concerns of assistants."
Should he fail to do so, assistants have made it clear that they are prepared to carry out further work.
The final strike at the end of April saw a postponement of nearly 13,000 routine operations and 100,000 appointments, as nurses and specialist doctors were involved to provide cover to doctors on the strike chain.
Ministers had hoped to end the dispute over the changes by adopting a reformed treaty with the officials of the British Medical Association.
The BMA wants a better weekly reward for the 54,000 assistant doctors who will be subject to the contract.
Daniel Mortimer, director of the NHS staff, urged assistant doctors to end the strike.
Mortimer said: "Work combat measures reach none of the little but are already burdened by overburdened teams and service providers and are causing concern, distress and interruption to patients, care workers and their families."
Over the last two months, we have spoken to the committee of assistants and have responded positively to the concerns about the status quo and whistleblowovers with the Ministry of Health and other ministries.
Employers hoped that the continued positive engagement on other important issues - such as posting, flexibility in training, additional training for those returning from a vocational training course, training kits, mutual recognition of the curriculum, training leave and the gender pay gap in medicine - were a sign of how serious it was the employers, the Health Education England and the Ministry of Health concerning compliance with the agreements with the BMA in November, February and May.
The £2-per tag- drug that can reduce heart attack risk
Thousands of heart skin patients will benefit from a £2-per-day drug after advised by authorities to administer this more people for a longer period.
Ticagrelor's germination-inhibited drug reduces the risk of repeated heart attacks for people with heart disease.
The drug is administered for 12 months after a heart attack, reducing the risk of a stroke or a further heart attack.
Regulator NICE of the NHS has recommended a four-year-long take to reduce the risk of cardiovascular problems.
Regulator NICE of the NHS has recommended a four-year-long take to reduce the risk of cardiovascular problems.
Some 140,000 people suffer from a heart attack each year and a quarter of them suffer another heart attack or stroke.
Heart attacks and stroke cases are caused by collections of fat material in the arteries.
When the Belag breaks out, it can cause a blood from the water to the heart, causing a heart attack.
When the blood is dissolved, it can flow through the blood flow and reduce the blood flow to the brain, causing a stroke.
People who have already had a heart attack are subject to a higher risk.
Ticagrelor, manufactured by British company AstraZeneca and driven under the trademark Brilique, reduces this risk by making the formation of blood-bearing islands less likely.
NICE's draft, which was published today, recommends a 12-month-long take-up of 90mg Ticagrelor, followed by 60mg with a twice daily intake of aspirin for the next three years.
Professor Carole Longson, Director of the NICE Health Technology Evaluation Centre, said: "Despite the availability of secondary prevention, a quarter of all those who have suffered a heart attack have another heart attack or a stroke of stroke - often with dire consequences."
Fear of a renewed heart attack may have a significant negative impact on a person's quality of life.
The experience shows that, in combination with aspirin, Ticagrelor is effectively reducing further heart attacks and stroke in people who have already had a heart attack.
With a preliminary recommendation from Ticagrelor, we are pleased that we are able to extend available treatment options to thousands of people who can benefit from it.
The information on the effectiveness and safety of Ticagrelor - especially the risk of bleeding - is limited to a period of up to three years.
Culture of Political Correctness leaves voter fraud in Muslim neighborhoods
Former mayor of Tower Hamlets Luttum Rahman was arrested last year on trial of a government report on corruption
A culture of Political Correctness has caused widespread voter fraud in Muslim communities to knowingly ignore what a devastating government report has revealed today.
Former cabinet member Sir Eric Pickles is attacking police, election observers, and council houses to have ignored evidence of voter abuse due to "obesity and religion."
The former Minister for Integration and Local Government, who is now an anti-corruption member, said intimidation of voters from religious motives would be so bad that police should be allowed to set up landlords outside polling booths to protect intimidated voters.
He recommends that voters should hold a card to prove their identity in elections.
At the moment, a voter only needs to name his name and address.
The report proposes that non-removable ink on the finger of a person should be issued if they give their votes to prevent someone from choosing twice.
Whistleblowers should receive more protection, says Sir Eric.
It calls for the press to have more access to community documents and decisions by non-official Comoros or Working Groups.
"This is not just against voter fraud, but also seeks to protect the community government from the broader corruption and financial fraud culture that accompanies it," he said.
The report was ordered by Downing Street as a result of the Tower Hamlets election scandal in East London.
Last year, a special panel ruled that the incumbent mayor, Mr Lutfr Rahman, should be removed after a litany of corrupt and illegal practices of his duties.
The court found that Rahman would have had the religious feelings of its Muslim community "in a cynical manner" and that he had silenced his critics with racial and Islamophobia debt.
Rahman is supposed to have "conducted his campaign on the basis that it is the religious duty of Muslims to choose it."
Up to 300 votes were either dubious or the result of an imitation, where one person as someone else chooses.
Sir Eric said there were evidence of fraud across the country.
He said, in particular, alarming about the fraudulent exchange of letters - the older members of the Muslim community had made pressure on people to choose a candidate for their choice.
Sir Eric, pictured, made several recommendations to clean up the electoral system, including the driving of expressions to prove the identity
His report states: "As evidence was appropriate, pressure on vulnerable members of some ethnic minorities was exercised, in particular women and young people to choose, in accordance with the will of the elderly, in particular communities with a Pakistani or non-Muslim background.
"There were concerns that... State institutions had knowingly ignored such behaviour as a result of" politically correct "over-sensitivity to the ethno and religion."
Sir Eric spoke 50 recommendations to clean up the system, including the ban that political activists handle letter-voting documents to stop "whistleblowers."
The report, considered by Theresa May, also calls for tougher registration checks to prevent the electoral register being used for immigration and social fraud.
Consider options to ask voters before the election.
Don't use removable ink on a person's finger as soon as she has delivered her voice to prevent someone from choosing twice.
Carry out systematic reviews of a person's nationality to ensure they are eligible.
A three-year limitation to applications for an automatic letter.
Ban that political activists process complete letter elections and envelopes of letter elections.
The police have the power to set up closures around polling stations.
A legislative amendment facilitating an indictment of intimidation pursuant to the Representation of the People Act 1983.
Shooting ban in polling stations.
Request that only English can be used in polling stations (except Wales).
Stepping up training to make sure employees enforce the rule that voters alone go to the polling booth.
Sir Eric falls over the Metropolitan Police and finds it "amazing" that after the Tower Hamlets case was not put to a stranger.
"The Electoral Court has said Lutfor Rahman and his deputy for reasons of a litany of corrupt and illegal practices were deemed to be untapped," he said.
It has been found guilty by a number of reasons - in line with the high standards of criminal proceedings.
It also criticizes the ineffective "abortion checks" of voter registration departments.
Sir Eric said: "The court ruling in Tower Hamlets last year was a warning signal.
Our country bears a proud legacy as the mother of the parliaments, but the worrying and covert spread of electoral fraud and denial of some authorities threatens this good reputation.
Mad after Kees Radler-double-runner and other famous double-runners from Olympic athletes in Rio
Fans of the 2016 Olympics in Rio have been out this week over the French cycling winner Pauline Ferrand-Prevot except the edge and band, which proved to be the impressive double-runner of the Herzgin of Cambridge.
But the 24-year-old Olympionikin is by far this summer not the only one, gold-fighting athlete, who has its own famous double-workers - at least not if you can trust social media.
To honour the Rio Olympics and all the famous faces, which are currently flirting on our screens, FEMAIL has created a list of Olympics that have more than just a certain resemblance to Hollywood's famous sights.
The hunter and Wolf: Team member of the US team in archery Brady Elliison, left, has been compared since his childhood with Leonardo DiCaprio
Besides Kaes's double-owner on the bike race, many people on the internet pointed out how to be a certain arch protector of A-Promi Leonardo DiCaprio.
The team member of the US team in archery Brady Elliison has caused a storm on Twitter after pictures, on which he sees the Wolf of Wall Street star unknowingly similar, appeared.
In fact, the arch protector got the madness in the social media and admitted that he had already been told since his childhood that he looks like Leo.
"I myself don't see a great resemblance, with the exception of the face erosion," shared Brady the Huffington Post with.
"He's a benign guy, so I think it is a compliment."
One of the most popular comparisons since London 2012 will no doubt be the focus of this year: The striking resemblance between British wide-gauge Greg Rutherford and popular actor Neil Patrick Harris.
The Russian athlete Aliya Mustafina with her great, expressive eyes is to be able to go through as a double-runner for the Cuban-American singer Gloria Estefan.
And in the swimming pool, South African swimmers Cameron van der Burgh has been compared to the Glee Star Matthew Morrison for years.
One course higher: This user believes Nathan is the "athletic version" of the Inception actor
Another sustained comparison was drawn between the tennis star Rafael Nadal and actor Josh Hartnett, who has similar serious eyebrows and lips.
The Russian silver medallist, Yulia Efimova, has more than just the sun-brown skin and blonde hair like the actress Annalynne McCord on, while the American Nathan Adrian has been attested by fans to equal an "athletic version of Joseph Gordon Levitt."
Strong women: Football star Hope Solo, left, and Dexter actress Jennifer Carpenter, right, have a similar facial shape and eyes
Not the only one: One Twitter user was very happy that others have raised the similarities
Theory put in the room: According to this user, there is perhaps a reason for the similarity of the pair
One Twitter Userin declared her satisfaction that "the rest of the internet thinks that Hope Solo and Jennifer Carpenter are almost identical."
In fact, the US football star Hope Solo and the Dexter actress Jennifer Carpenter have an incredibly similar facial form and eyes.
Other popular comparisons included Kerri Walsh-Jennings and her smile, which is almost identical to that of actress Laura Linney, as well as the gold medal winner in the Turnen Gabby Douglas, which features her own wonderful, wide smile, which resembles that of Bring It On Star Gabrielle Union.
CBC commentator for the Olympics apologised for his statement that Chinese swimming in "as a pig has died
Byron MacDonalds analysis of the fourth place of 14-year-old Ai Yanhan at dr 4x200m free-style swimming-pool whistles outraged viewers of the CBC-live broadcast of the Olympic Games on Wednesday
The Canadian broadcaster CBC had to apologise after one of his commentators said that the 14-year-old Chinese swimming woman "like Muef went off" and during the race like "a pig died."
Commentator Byron MacDonalds thought his microphone was switched off when he was to give his own opinions at the end of the 4x200m free-room floor.
Macdonald, who had been picked up to the CBS's commentator team to give more "color," could be heard saying: "This little 14-year-old Chesin has lost the connection, baby."
To get up, walked out like Muef, died like a pig.
Thank you.
Chinese swimming in Ai Yanhan, 14, swung the second stage of swimming-board 1: 57.79 - 1.61 seconds slower than Canadian Taylor Ruck, which allowed Canadians to close the gap to China.
Viewers across Canada responded quickly online after being shot by the tone and language
Emmett Macfarlane tweeted, "Hat the CBC commentator just said that the 14-year-old swimming woman from China was" like a pig "???
The Idiot didn't train that they were still on broadcast. "
Ai Yanhan from China was described as "this little 14-year-old Chesin has lost, baby."
The criticism against Byron MacDonald on Twitter came quickly and hard, at which many were talking about
Twitter users did not stand back when they heard how insensitive Byron MacDonald was
Another Twitter Userin Sarah Paradis wrote: 'WoW, # ByrMacDonald.
You represent the CBC and Canada and let us look like racists.
Short time later, Scott Russel, who moderated the CBC broadcast, was live for the comment of MacDonald and said: "We apologize for being broadcast on a swimming performance."
It was an unfortunate wording, we are sorry that it happened. "
CBC apologized at the end over 90 times at the people who responded to the notes on Twitter
Commentator Scott Russel had to apologise on behalf of MacDonald
CBC coped and added his apology to more than 90 other Twitter users complained about MacDonald's comments
The network also apologized quickly and issued a notice.
We sincerely regret that these statements were made and that it was made possible for them to be broadcast.
We were quickly apologized to our viewers on the broadcast and our follow-up in social media yesterday night.
To make one thing clear, Byron's comments related to the performance of the swimming woman and not to her as a person.
Yet they were inappropriate and an unfortunate wording.
On Thursday afternoon, MacDonald apologized in the broadcast and attempted to justify his comment, saying it was not his intention to be designed as a personal attack.
"I would like to take a moment to apologise for the comment that I made after the women's floppies in the CBC Olympics.
"I have focused on the performance of the swimming woman and not on her as a person."
Of course, no disrespect was intended and I am very sorry. "
Buyers in Primark outraged over woman probing in the midst of business shamelessly underwear
Buyers didn't know where to see them when a woman pulled her clothes off in the middle of a Primark to try underpants.
To aggravate the situation, she said, as she told it, she pulled out and put her back to the shelf.
They continued and tried four pairs of underpants in a business in the Bouverie Place shopping centre in Folkestone.
The Primark store in the Bouverie Place shopping centre in Folkestone where the woman tested the underpants before she put her back to the shelf
A mother of two children, Jenny Davidson, who was at the same time in the business, said that after the mysterious woman had tried the underwear, "she stopped again and left the business without buying anything."
She said: "People couldn't believe what they saw."
In the middle of the sales area, she took a pair of underpants from the outlet, pulled her own stockings and pants and tried them.
"She didn't even try to find a slightly more discreet place to do it - she was quite simply there, eat like Oskar."
"Everyone kicked off when she pulled out the underpants that they apparently didn't like, as she put them back to the shelf."
She repeated the same with three other underpants before finally decided that her nothing liked, again and again.
"She didn't seem to bother anyone watching - or thinking about the person who might buy the underpants she had tried."
Ms Davidson, 33, who lives in Kent, said: 'How disgusted you would think that someone would take underpants with them who had a different person and who were not washed up.'
The incident happened Tuesday afternoon.
Ms Davidson added: "As I have received, staff were trying to pull the garments out of sale after they went - which is just as good."
"I would hate to go back home with a new pair of underpants and find out that another woman had angling her and pulled her back and she wasn't washed up."
A spokesman for Primark said: "Primark is aware of the incident that occurred on Tuesday, August 9 in our branch in Folkstone."
All products in question were drawn from sale.
How to protect Krav Maga from gun attacks
The world outside is a dangerous place, but this video from Dailymail.com could make him a little safer for you.
We were talking to Ron Mizrachi, a grandmaster of the Krav Maga Association in New York to find out how to deal with armed robbers at close distance.
Regardless of whether you are approaching from the front or from the back, this video shows you how to turn around for your robber.
If you get closer to you, then you should first turn around, so you can see your attacker and "get out of the rubble," says Mizrachi.
Then take the gun between your front and your shoulder before hitting it with your free elbow.
Then beat him to the Least and turn it into the Least, while the attacker stirs up against pain, throwing the weapon out of his hands.
At attackers approaching from the front, the technique is similar - move your body out of the gunpoint, take the gun and turn it, so the attacker can't shoot.
At the same time, shift the weight to the weapon and beat the attacker to the chest, then turn the gun out of his handle before moving backwards and targeting the weapon.
Sounds difficult?
Watch the video to see exactly how Mizrachi imagines.
But remember that when you smoke, it's safest to pass your money - unless you're a Krav Maga Grand Master.
Traveller Ian Wright shouted for a travel guide his tongue at the dirtiest places in Europe
A British traveller withdrew his immune system and diggereflex of serious scrutiny - by sending out some of Europe's dirtiest and ecclesious places.
The moderator and travel writer Ian Wright, 51, from Suffolk, shouted his course on a Euro-shone, a gunman on Piccadilly Circus, a towing of a train toilet and a public phone in Russia to demonstrate the resilience of his immune system.
Before taking any object, he used a luminometer to stand up and to show what he will get.
But the experiment, which was filmed under the title "The Lickhiker's Guide to Inner Strength," brought some surprise results to light.
The idea to sniff off the flip button of a tractor that has already been used by thousands of others may be completely abortive, but in fact there are more bad bacteria in a kitchen cupboard.
On his journey through Europe, Commissioner Wright spoke to doctors and medical professionals about the promotion of Darmbakteries and his own health.
Fortunately, nothing he left, more than a bad taste in the mouth.
Mr Wright was known to try to test the resistance of his intestine by taking advantage of the world and dreaming about it.
From public change to train stations to sprubs of toilets, the task put his immune system definitely under a sample
In the film he told: "Already as a kid I was relatively unconcerned about what my health concerns and I put all possible things in my mouth, earth, worms and mud water."
In the film, he became fair to his reputation.
The only thing he opposed was a dirty public toilet in Russia.
His sampling showed a luminometer of more than 4000 units.
Compared to this, the luminometer is freshly washed hands less than 60.
But there was a Russian toilet he refused to leak after its luminometers were more than 4000 units, while freshly washed hands were one of less than 60
Mr Wright and the Finnish producer of dairy products Valio produced the travel film "The Lockhiker's Guide to Inner Strength," which shows the bacterium's number in different locations such as the bathroom
In the film, he says: "That comes close to the worst I've got in a toilet."
There is nothing more harmful than that!
I am not going to see anything here because it is outrageous.
"The Lickhiker's Guide to Inner Strength" was produced in collaboration with the Finnish manufacturer of dairy products Valio.
The company supplies Mr Wright with Valio Karrius, which includes both dairy and Vitamin C and D to support the promotion of Darmbakteries and the immune system.
Valios senior Venice President for snacks, juices and new categories Niko Vuorenmaa says: "We wanted to really offer consumers something new.
Something that is fascinating to see and also explains the benefits of probiotics.
We caused crazy Brainstorms, which ended up saying that we told "Let Us Ian call."
They claim the interest in colorectal health becomes a global phenomenon
Instead of just talking about the products, we wanted to put them into a wider context - the good and bad bacteria in our everyday environment, the importance of colorectal health and how it is linked to the immune system.
The growing interest in colorectal health is a global phenomenon and with the documentary we have been able to provide consumers with more information in an interesting way.
I also think the film shows that we have a great sense of humour!
Tom HAKALA, who led the film's director, added: "Let me say so - I would have lost my respect for Ian if he had caught some of the things I instructed him to lick, as the eclectic Russian toilet shown in the film."
Of course, there were things in which it was easier to get Ian to sniff them and others where this was quite difficult.
I'm glad we have included some of these dirty leaks on film. "
In a 2015 survey conducted by Valio, 84 percent of all respondents, particularly with the well-being of Magen and Darm and 58 percent, said that at least they occasionally use products containing accompanying dairy bacteria.
Asocial family demolished before Deloging social apartment in Saltash, Cornwall
An asocial family left their social apartment after a delogising with a £50,000 damage because she had terrorised her neighbors.
Tanya Skeldon and her partner Shaun Trebilcock were thrown after a long list of complaints from her property in Saltash, Cornwall.
After being forcibly removed from their property, shocked employees of the housing community found the property in an irreparable condition.
The walls were clashing holes, wooden dikes were blown up, rubbish was scattered on the floor scattered and graffiti was sacked to the walls.
The family were relocated and it is believed to now live in a private accommodation
Donna McEvoy, who works for the house administration at Cornwall Housing, said she feared the apartment could no longer be repaired.
She said: "It was an absolute nightmare for people here and I think people don't have to live in this way.
There are many things to take into account, as this property is likely to be seen as not so beautiful.
The family is notorious and their reputation is also.
The couple had three sons who lived in the apartment in the meantime, and the police said that the terror inflicted on the family, assaults with baseball sleepers, intimidation of residents, drug abuse, drug trafficking, and excessive blows, strikes and floods.
Skeldon, 47, whose name was on the lease contract, received an ordinance for antisocial behaviour in June.
In some rooms of the house that will be torn down, old rubbish found
The property in which drugs traded in the past have been demolished
Neighbours said they had to fight them on the road and regularly called to call police
Cornwall Housing delved her and her partner this week forcibly from the property after they gave them an extended period of 11 weeks to draw up voluntarily.
The delogisation was cheated by facilitated neighbors, who said their lives were made to hell.
One said: "They didn't hurt anyone."
We lived for 20 years alongside them and it was always bad.
The countless times we tell the police here are incredible.
"This morning we couldn't sleep."
We stood up because it was so quiet - we are not accustomed to it!
Now that they are finally going away, it will be beautiful.
Adam Fitzpatrick, Neighbourhood Enforcement Manager of Cornwall Housing, said that it would have been the family administered to cooperate with local authorities.
The family lived in the house to which police were called periodically, for 20 years
On the overblown side of the community deal, rubbish and old toys were scrapped
He added: "It's a shame that the tenant failed to accept any responsibility for her behaviour and that of her family, as a Deloging is always the last step to consider Cornwall Housing.
This was a very difficult case, because the behaviour was extremely difficult and their actions for their neighbours had to be seen terribly.
I value all the work that my team, the police of Devon and Cornwall, as well as members of the congregation who have been brave to us and have given us the information.
I hope that this development will donate to some neighbours and the message that anti-social behaviour will not be tolerated.
Fitzpatrick said all three sons had lived in the house at different times, but that they were all over 20.
A dirty mattress left back in one of the bedroom after Deloging on the ground
Housekeeping workers will now have to remove waste mountains that surround the house
In 2014, police conducted a razor in the house and found about 70g cannabis as well as scales, paraphernates and cash worth £1,700.
Skeldon received a financial penalty after pleading guilty to the possession of a drug of class B in commercial abdication.
She claimed that the money was for a tombstone of her son Lee Skeldon, who died in 2013 in a car accident.
After they were without Oldach, Tanya and her partner are now living in a private accommodation in Plymouth.
A lot of room walls were decorated with graffiti.
Police say they will delete tenants who don't stick to the house order
Angela Crow from the police of Devon and Cornwall shared that the Delogisation was a clear warning to the other tenants who did not comply with the house order.
"This goes to those who think they can behave without self-accusations as well as to those who were harmed by such behaviour," she said.
Devon and Cornwall police will never tolerate criminal and anti-social behaviour, which will continue to work with partners to protect our communities.
Tourists in Portugal to panic after a tipping military jet is overflying
Sunberries in Aveiro, Portugal experienced the shock of their lives
A portusitic P-3C Orion plane of air pressure put an incredible storm flight
Air forces said it was on a training flight, but insisted that no security risk was above
This was the moment when frightened tourists start to panic after a tipping jet crashed over a full beach.
Dramatic video footage showed how the military aircraft almost flew over the sunk on the beach in Aveiro in northern Portugal.
The holidaymakers on, as they were understandably inclined, worried about the noise of the jet engines without first seeing what the clouds arrived.
The incident happened last afternoon in Costa Nova, near Aveiro.
Daniel Fernandes, one of the many holidaymakers who posted videos about the dramatic fly-By in social media, said: "It flew twice really very deeply and there was a moment when it looked as though it would crash."
Nuno Arroja added: "I was just watching surfing and it felt like the plane would drop to me."
Tourists on the beach of Aveiro were in panic when the plane came out of the dark and was incredibly deep
Portuguese air forces today said that the pilot of the P-3C Orion plane was on a training flight to identify fishing boats off the coast and had to fly so deep that this was the only way to identify them.
The spokesman said the jet flew slightly deeper than usual due to poor viewing conditions, but the air pressure forces insisted that safety was at no time at risk.
Area fires have destroyed parts of the Portuguese mainland this summer, with four people being killed on the island of Madeira.
Portuguese air force forces today said the pilot had to fly so deeply, owing to conditions - strong fog and fire - which restricts his view
The plane was on a training flight where the pilot had to identify fishing boats as part of the exercise
Super cup: Barca with concerns about Sevilla
Sevilla - The FC Barcelona is fighting on Sunday for the first step to the first title win in the new Soccer season.
The Catalans compete in the duell around the Spanish Supercup against the FC Sevilla, the backgame rises three days later at Camp Nou.
The Doublewinner must renounce in the power dinner with the under-legged Cuffinalists and ruling Europe League champion among others on Neymar, who denies the Olympic Football Tournament with Brazil.
Also, Goalie Marc-Andre is also missing.
In the course of training, the Germans suffered a change of dust in the knee, which was, at least for the time being, clarified by Claudio Bravo.
The Chilean International and Rio Ter Stegen have been in Barcelona for two years as number one.
In this regard, Coach Luis Enrique has now taken a clear decision in this regard, leaving Bravo in the league, but for the remainder of the vote.
Before the first mandatory game of the new game, the Spanish Masters doubts about the fitness status of the team, which was humiliated on Saturday in a test game of Liverpool with 0: 4.
At 3: 2 in the rehearsal op Sampdoria on Wednesday, Lionel Messi and Co. didn't really convince her.
Sevilla again has the 2: 3 defeat to renew the European Supercup against Real Madrid and seeks the second triumph at the "Supercopa de Espana."
Barcelona, with so far eleven successes, is the record winner in this evaluation.
Ma Long in a own league to table tennis gold
Rio de Janeiro - The Chinese Ma Long is the new table tennis Olympian.
The 27-year-old defeated his compatriot and "title defender" Zhang Joke 4: 0 (12,5,4.4) in Rio de Janeiro on Thursday.
For the first time, the World Cup first took the "Golden Grand Slam" with successes at World Cup, World Cup, World Tour Final Tournament and the Olympia Games.
Bronze went to the Japanese Jun Mizutani.
The two Chinese, as expected, have been in the final game and have made the title.
It was clear that, for the third time in a row, a Chinese would pick the single title in the sign of the five rings.
Recent non-Chinese on top Olympic stairs was the former SVS-NÖ-legionaire Ryu Seung-min from South Korea.
Ma and Zhang were left on the plate alone, between the sentences and at times-outs they had no coaches in themselves.
They withdrew to the gallery and left their knacks in fair competition alone.
"I played for my country."
"In the final game I play for myself," Zhang said.
After the partie posed gold and silver medal winners with the China flag.
The match itself was unexpectedly biased.
Ma had really struggled with his 28-year-old opponent only in the first set.
After that, he made the pace at the plate and left Zhang as a whole.
By virtue of Ma's superiority, it did not elaborate the expected match.
But nevertheless, there was enough to see breathtaking ballots.
Mizutani won the game for bronze against the 40-year-old Vladimir Samsonov 4: 1.
In his quarter-finals against Germany's Europaiste Dimitrij Ovtcharov, the White Shrine had a ripenny injury, he was in medical treatment afterwards, had to "end" with Blech.
The Swedes Jan-Ove Waldner (38 / 2004) and Jörgen Persson (42 / 2008) were in similarly high table tennis Olympic.
Donald Trump admits formidable problems "in election campaign
The leadership of US Republicans is plagued by massive concerns, including in traditionally conservative states.
Presidential candidate Donald Trump has now left weaknesses of his election campaign in the past Republican stronghold Utah.
A rare moment in which the usually large-scale and self-assured multimillionaire expressed something like concerns, as correspondents reported.
After being thrown out of the race in his own Republican camp, doubts about his success in the fight for the White House are now growing.
"We have huge problems in Utah," Trump said before evangelical Christians, who asked him about support in key states such as Ohio, Florida, or Virginia.
Guilty of false reports of his candidacy, he again took on his known media scarves.
Republican strongholds woke up
Utah is usually a secure bank for Republicans.
According to a survey by SurveyUSA from June, Trump and his bankruptcies were on the same line by Democrats, Hillary Clinton.
Other institutions see Trump ahead, but not with the distance that is common to Republican candidates in the state.
Arizona and Georgia.
In an interview by the Senate CNBC, Trump replied to the question of how he wanted to stop Clinton's march again: "Just as I have done so far."
And kiss afterwards: This will be "either successful, or I'll make a very nice, long holiday."
He does nothing other than "tell the truth."
If it did not, in the end, for political correctness, he said, "Trump continued.
Then I return to a very good way of life.
According to press reports, the party is alleged to have threatened Trump to drop funds to support his campaign, it should not be able to present better poll values.
Instead, the Republican Party's candidates for Congress need to be more concerned.
Olympia: Three scams on doping test
The IOC wants to set up a disciplinary commission on the case.
Kenya's athletics threats threaten after the second doping affair at the Olympics.
After a fraud attempt at a doping control in the Olympic village, Kenya sent a coach to her home.
The International Olympic Committee announced that it would immediately set up a disciplinary commission to investigate the case.
A Kenyan officials had told the former sprinter and today's Coach, John Anzrah, in the Olympic village a Urgin sample under the name of the 800-meter-runner Ferguson Red.
This is what the Kenyan team has been reporting on.
The IAAF International Federation has asked the IOC of information about the case to impose its own investigations, and shared an IAAF spokesman.
"Depending on the findings of the investigation and the following measures by the IOC, the IAAF will evaluate it," it said in an IAAF statement.
"He (Anzrah) has gone to the doping control station and has spent as a Ferguson Red, the rehearsal and signed," said Kenya's chief executive of Mission Stephan Arap Soi.
He was in possession of the athlete's accreditation, who was on the list for training checks at the World Anti-Doping Agency.
Ferguson Red was in 2015 in Beijing World Championship over 800 metres.
Four days earlier, Kenyan athletics delegate chief Michael Roich had been deducted from the Rio Games.
He is expected to have informed of his country's anti-doping tests.
According to media reports he is said to have been arrested at his return at Nairobi airport.
Kenya has been under special surveillance for some time now, following numerous doping offences.
The announcement by the IOC of more than 2000 doping targets prior to the Rio Games was unusual to suggest that particularly athletes from Kenya and Russia are being notified.
The World Anti-Doping Agency had put much pressure on the African country before the summer play in Brazil, creating an anti-doping law and a functioning control system.
The law was adopted a few weeks before the Olympic start.
As a result, WADA Kenya took Kenya from the list of countries whose anti-doping regime is in conformity with WADA rules.
Kenya is seen as a big runners-nation.
The country's athletics won most medals at the 2015 World Cup in Beijing.
In a series of television reports, the ARD has repeatedly complained that doping funds are easily accessible in Kenya and that there should be a significant mentality of sports fraud.
IOC member Richard Charlotte last called for a similar investigation into Kenya, as he employed in the Russian athletics.
It has been demonstrated that this type of sport has been completely and systematically dashed.
Russia's athletics were subsequently ruled out of summer play.
Salzburg 'West Side Story' with Cecilia Bartoli
In the Shakespeare year, the Salzburg Festival presents the "West Side Story" with Tony and Maria as a tragic love, similar to Romeo and Julia.
With a surprise Cecilia Bartoli.
A musical captures Salzburg: The West Side Story, Leornard Bernstein's masterpiece.
The artistic director Cecilia Bartoli wanted to bring the musical into the temple of classical music and met with the role of Maria a youth room.
In the orchestra, the Simón Bolívar Orchestra under the direction of the Venezuelan conductor Gustavo Dudamel: "This music is full of rhythm," he warmed.
We always say that it is very Latin American.
There are many Latin American ingredients at their pace and their melody.
It's a wonderful mixture, the perfect recipe for our orchestra.
I would say that we have Bernstein's music really in our blood!
In this staging, Bartoli plays an older Maria.
She remembers her love with Tony while the younger Mary plays and dances.
The role of Maria has always fascinated me.
First of all because it is musically exceptional!
And then there would be Marias's personality.
She says it in her song: "I feel prethy, oh so prettty, I feel prethy and witty and bright."
So it is smart, of course naïve, and very passionate.
"It resembles me very, my Italian character I have as a Roman," laughs Bartoli.
Dudamel is full of praise for the opera singer: "Cecilia is a wonderful artist."
It's so an honour for us to work with her.
It is an enormous generous person.
And Bartoli returns the compliments: "Dudamel is such an extraordinary performer and very passionate!"
Digging is a necessity for him.
One sees it in each of his movements, in his blacks, it's his life!
It's so a huge opportunity to share this musical experience with him.
We both have a more southern temperament, a fire, a passion and a cheerful approach to life, which is very important!
For the American director Philip Wm. McKinley is the "West Side Story" highly topical: "This piece is about prejudice and fanaticism."
Today we have the refugees, at the time, the Puerta del Sol went to New York and the New Yorkers didn't want them.
These are the same issues and they are just as relevant today.
59 years later, the piece is still relevant.
London schoolgirl headed to ISIS was killed in Syria
Kadiza Sultana, one of three British schoolgirls who left London last year to join ISIS, reportedly died in Syria.
Lawyer Tasnime Akunjee said her family were getting off her death in Raqqa, Syria a few weeks ago.
It was believed to have been killed by a Russian air attack in Raqqa, the group's bullying, reported ITV News on Thursday.
Sultana was 17 years old and died shortly after she had ordered her to leave the war-torn country and return to England.
"One can only hope that the only good is - as a reminder and warning to others that this is the risks associated with it, to go into a war zone - people from ever going to take that decision," said Akunjee.
In February 2015, Sultana and two other schoolgirls from East London rose in a plane to Turkey and then entered a bus to the Syrian border.
Sultanas family has been told she has cured an ISIS fighter in Syria - and within a few months to widow.
Reid says Clinton will remain in the case of an election victory at Garland as a candidate for the Supreme Court
Harry Reid, leader of the Democrats in the Senate, is convinced that Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton will nominate the judge Merrick Garland for the Supreme Court.
Senate Republicans have blocked Garland's confirmation since his nomination by Barack Obama in March.
The majority leader in the Senate Mitch McConnell believes the next president will appoint the successor to the late judge at the Supreme Court Antonin Scalia.
Reid said on Thursday during a phone conference that he expected to select Garland "with a degree of certainty."
A spokeswoman of Reid later said he had yet to speak to Clinton if she would nominate Garland and he would speculate.
He praised Garland and said Clinton's team wouldn't care for complacency with a new candidate.
Garland is the supreme judge for the US appeals court for the District of Columbia.
RAID said Republicans blocked the Garlands nomination, be Lakaien and heroics of Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump.
He also noted that Donald Trump is unsuitable for the presidency.
Treats want Nacktkalendar for "women and for men"
The Treats magazine works with photographer David Bellemere to bring out a 1970s Pirelli-inspired calendar for 2017.
But instead of famously naked people, they would like to find the next generation of top models for their NU Mines calendar for 2017.
The chief editor of Treats Steve Shaw told us earlier this year that his Nacky magazine differs from vintage cars, as "Playboy for men."
I make that for women.
Apparently he thinks it's the calender too.
"We need to return to the depiction of timeless and classic nudity, where both women and men feel and feel inspired by these pictures of a female body," Shaw said in a press release to release the calendar.
Women will want to participate in this project because it is a wonderful artwork.
Models can submit their pictures online or personally at open casting call in Los Angeles and New York.
Turkey: Kurdish community expects mass exodus
"Those who don't suit and dress Erdogan sits on packed coffers," says the chair of the Gülen-nearby foundation dialogue and world, Ercan Karakoyun.
The Kurdish community in Germany is expecting tens of thousands of vulnerable people fleeing from Turkey to Germany.
In the medium term, it might even be "some hundreds of thousands," believing the association's chairman Ali Toprak.
The Kurdish community of Germany is expecting a mass flight to Germany because of the crackdown of Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan.
"In the short term, I am counting on tens of thousands, in the medium term, with some hundreds of thousands of vulnerable people from Turkey in Germany, when the Erdogan regime continues to fight the minorities and the democratic opposition," the Association's Association President Ali Toprak says Friday.
Because the government had already overturned Kurdish strongholds with straps before months, 500,000 Kurds within Turkey were fleeing.
According to the doomed coup, secular and opposition ethnic Turks were added.
Many will want to start restarting in Europe if they continue to be oppressed in Turkey.
"It can't be that a state that includes refugees is producing refugees in their own country," said Toprak.
The ban was the targeted settlement of Syrian Arabs in Kurdish, but also in Albanian cities.
This will help Erdogan to increase the exit of the Kurds.
"They are the last large minority in Turkey, the Christian Armenians and Greeks have already been eradicated or displaced in the last hundred years," said Toprak, who is also a CDU member.
The secession, the federal government, claimed that the federal government is "as sharp as Austria against Erdogan and its supporters."
In Germany, too, a "witch hunt" is being held against Erdogan critics.
For the first time I feel no longer safe in Germany for the first time.
The German branch of the Gülen movement also fears the escape of many Turks abroad.
More Turks will seek asylum in Germany, especially Kurds and opponents.
The fire mapping as a Gülen supporter destroys teachers and other academics the professional existence.
"Those who do not fit and lose Erdogan sits on packed coffers, incidentally the Kemalists and secularies," said Ercan Karakoyun, chairman of the Gülen-nearby Foundation dialogue and education, the "world."
According to figures from the Federal Ministry of Internal Affairs, as the newspaper reports, the Turks already represented the largest group of applicants recognised for political persecution in Germany.
On 30 June, this was 11.386 people and nearly 29% of all identified as asylum seekers (39.625).
This survey did not involve the fleeing war, poverty or lack of prospects.
Asylentifies according to the basic law are exclusively political, therefore from the state, individually persecuted.
Mecklenburg-Vorpommern: "To go where it whaves"
Strange Mecklenburg-Vorpommern: The locals get nothing from the summer campaign with - and the holidaymakers from North Rhine-Westphalia cannot choose the country's day.
In Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, they understood.
2021 will not take place directly at the end of the summer holidays, the Schwerin-duty parliament has already decided at the beginning of the year.
This is because, as so far, it is not up to us: Summer holidays, heat and day-to-day competitions - that is one thing.
The locals, who are to be persuaded by election fighters, are on holiday.
Most of the holidaymakers in the country are on the road to Usedom, Rügen or Hiddensee.
To this end, practical problems arise: In the holiday, aid workers, who hang up posters, blowing up air balloons, distribute flyers and, at the end of the day, not only sign up.
By September 4, 2016, the election and last day, Mecklenburg-Vorpommern will have to go back to the people.
The hot stage, if you can say it at all, has just begun.
And it's also about something: Prime Minister Erwin Sellering, leader of a SPD / CDU coalition, must fear his post.
The SPD, since 1998, is now clearly behind the CDU in surveys.
To be exciting, how strongly newcomer AfD cuts and what remains in the end of coalitions.
Sellering, 66 years old, and since 2008 head of government, makes an almost unstoppable campaign, from his grandparents.
He travels through the country, distributes roses and pauses a little with the people, just as it did his legendary predecessor, Harald Ringstorff.
Otherwise, Seering has got cold feet and gives Chancellor Merkel the fault of the AfD.
Their refugee policy, their "We created that" have speeded up the rise of rightwilists, which will probably cost him the fine office now.
The CDU with its top candidate, the Interior Minister Lorenz Caffier, has already seen how it is to campaign for the wrong time.
She has invited German Chancellor Angela Merkel to the United Kingdom.
But the target group did not agree, it was more North Rhine-Westphalia, Berlin and Saxony as the Mecklenburger and Vorpommern.
"Since was probably the majority from other federal states," said Vincent Kokert, Secretary General of the CDU in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, recently in NDR.
But it is not a shame of anyone from other corners of Germany to listen to Angela Merkel.
Otherwise, the Northeast CDU is largely abandoning the usual polling stations on marketplaces and before shopping malls with umbrellas and air ballots.
That, he says, is only a "subordinate role."
The Union, too, has noticed that it is the source of the fact that it will have to make a great effort to restore a wire to the people.
It looks like the Left, the SPD, the Greens: Barely there in the world.
The Council of the CDU election fighter, however, coconut to his fellow parties, however, is also self-evident: "You have to go where it does, namely where people are: Dorfeste, Golden Weddings, any birthday party must be used."
Because the stakes are high, Sellering has now called for a particularly dedicated campaign.
In surveys, the Social Democrats were last with 22% behind partners, CDU (25) and only just before the AfD (19).
At the 2011 election, the SPD had still clearly won by 35.6 percent before the CDU (22).
The Greens, small party with seven per cent in the polls, are expected to create the plunge in the land day.
They make a modern virtue out of the holiday need, and largely relocate their campaign to the Internet.
"Online campaign," it calls the councillor Claudia Müller.
Otherwise, green election fighters are going to search for local voters among the holidaymakers.
Silke Gajek, the world's top candidate, is looking forward to welcoming you.
Her impression: "Election leave in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern is not a penalty."
B27 remediation: Restaurants suffer as a result
At the speed with which the B will be cleaned, there is nothing to get around.
For those who are responsible for the construction work, starting at 5.30am, and ending up until 20 p.m., there will be full praise.
"Those have made everything quite zakenig," says Elvira Tetzlaff of the jet-gas station.
That's a superteam.
There is no delay.
The building site could be moved to the south at the beginning of the week, until the end of October.
It will also be commended for those who are responsible for the construction of the works, for example when it comes to the establishment of passenger tickets.
Since the construction site on Monday to the south and the closure of the Aspergstraße in Ofterdingen, and therefore the connection to Rottenburg again, the traffic situation in the village has been relaxed.
Citizens will now be able to move from Ofterdingen to the east.
The doorway through the place seems to go back.
"There are some significant complaints," says the deputy chief executive director of Florian King, responsible for transport technology management.
The inhabitants of Bachsatzstraße, Steinlachstraße, Hafnerstraße and Weiherrain had to fight with more traffic noise, because a lot of dirt trails were sought after, and were more familiar with their navi than the relief.
What led to the fact that a number of lorries in residential areas were franked.
As the speed limits have not been met, the congregation called for the measurement vehicle from Mössingen.
"There have been significant transgressions," says King, who made himself aware of the situation.
Two to three per minute were used.
The quick-hitting was travelling with 77 stunts in the pace-30 zone.
Since the building was further moved, it has become more peaceful.
For businessmen on the B 27, it is only a small trost that the street is open again for customers from Rottenburg.
People don't like to look into the cards.
But the fact that the B-27 has led them to take up sales has led everyone to look through.
However, some more and some are less affected.
Those who have less to do with the "end-user" are produced for other companies, for which the recovery has little effect.
Thomas Sulz also speaks of a "not easy decrease," but also admits that "the maturity is obviously missing."
At the heart of the road there is a bus stop.
J. Albert Göhner, owner of the Steakhouse, formerly a crown, finds clear words.
That is already existential.
Not only him, but all the restaurants have "hit it hard."
Customers from Hechingen, Balingen and Rottweil failed.
We have to be happy about every euro sales.
The cost of revenue is higher than 50%.
The road landing had "dropped back two years."
Half of his staff must have dismissed him.
If I had a company with a 4,000 staff and half would have been released, the policy would have reacted differently.
Instead, President Jörg Schmidt, on a request from Mr Göner, whether there could be financial compensation, with the indication that the host site benefited otherwise from the advantages of the situation on the 27th of the year, it also needs to bear the disadvantages caused by the rehabilitation.
Göhner knows from other lands where so much more generous was handled.
With all the lawsuits, Göhner is sure his host will continue.
Finally, the family business has been here since 1715, referring to the long history.
It is possible to understand that other regular guests are not looking at this time because of the complicated traffic management.
If you cannot drive, it's also nice.
Göhner has no doubts about the fact that he has returned to work after the end of the renovation work.
Despite the crises with BSE and avian influenza, Göner considers the impact of the B 27 building on its rally for the biggest crisis that has experienced its host in its longstanding history.
There are six months' work, which is already brutal.
In the name of the fight against terrorism, laws are being broken down.
Following the recent attacks, the Minister for the Interior, Mr de Maizière, now faces a thick safety package.
But what is a tolerance status with terror?
And what does the coalition partner say to all this?
Thomas de Maizière gives the Veröhner.
All his proposals are "politically reasonable," the Federal Minister for the Interior says in the presentation of his new security package.
They don't overdemand anyone.
Others, further points would be discussed at first within the parties.
I am also involved in this.
However, as a Home Secretary, it is in favour of results and an "achievable consensus" within the Coalition.
De Maizière has left a little time after the recent attacks in Würzburg and Ansbach before presenting its conclusions on security in the Republic.
That is all the more important.
A lot has already been announced, heralded by the fact that a new security agency is to take care of using encrypted communications.
Nor does Germany have to implement several EU directives on passenger data and weapons legislation.
The call for more video surveillance and personnel for the security authorities is also not surprising.
In part, de Maizière is launching a second round of proposals for proposals that have not yet been made with the SPD: He wants to criminalise recruitment for terrorist groups and, with dual citizenship, would push the German passport.
"That will be difficult points for the SPD," admits the CDU man.
However, he believes this is reasonable and I call for nothing to do with the coalition partner anyway.
A few new ideas are presented by de Maizière.
These have been partly in itself: It plans to make rapid deportation and more opportunities to arrest people before deportation.
Refugees who are targeted in the country should first check their smartphones and disclose social media accounts for a security review.
In cases of rejection for rejected asylum seekers, he wants to put aside some even worse than to date - such as committing crimes or deliberately throwing away their papers to conceal their identity.
Some of this is politically and legally delicate.
Manches also seem to be invisible and leaves questions open.
And on some points - in the case of unequal treatment for example - the question arises: What has it actually done with security and terrorism?
Yes, it is important to differentiate between refugees and terror.
But we cannot deny that the perpetrators of Ansbach and Würzburg were refugees.
In addition, many people were concerned about security, given the high number of refugees.
And things that are deeply employed by the people have not yet been left out for election campaigns.
Internal security has been enormous.
Only the attacks in the neighbourhood: Paris, Copenhagen, Brussels, Nice.
Then the attacks in Würzburg and Ansbach.
Uncertainty is great.
And yes, there are election battles.
The Union and the SPD have therefore become increasingly active in the field of internal security.
Over the past few days, the two parties have been high.
Only a garsting dispute over the equipping of federal police, then over a security-policy-thinking collection of some Unions Home Secretary, in which the portfolio chiefs are also calling for a Burka ban and a departure from dual citizenship.
De Maizière is also here to make sense.
There is nothing to do with the disappearance of the double.
We have satisfied the discussion in Germany.
To remake it is not meaningful.
And on a burka ban, he has constitutional concerns.
Whether his own package is constitutional and whether it is actually "reasonable" for the coalition partner, it is still necessary.
There are some things that could cause dispute.
But the SPD is also trying to take advantage of internal security.
Party leader Sigmar Gabriel signals his willingness to talk openly and says: "The SPD is ready to talk about everything, which helps to further increase security."
Volkswagen is still gliding through.
Despite diesel scandals, delivery figures are rising worldwide.
But it is not running in all markets.
In the case, there is confusion about a term.
Volkswagen will start the deliveries in the second half of the year.
In spite of its many brands and some well-running markets, Europe's largest car can continue to show its biggest car.
In July, however, the Volkswagen nuclear brand weakened mainly in Western Europe and thus again had a heavy burden of sales, as the company listed in the Dax listed company.
Worldwide, the VW brand sold 1,449100 cars in July, 1.8 percent less vehicles than the previous year.
In Western Europe alone, according to China, sales were 14 percent below the previous year.
In the home market of Germany, deliveries to almost one-sixth fell.
Markenverdidief Jürgen Stackmann reduced the weaker figures from July to two sales days less in Europe.
In addition, in some core markets, a "changing economic environment" has given a purchase order.
In addition to the situation surrounding the coup attempt in Turkey, the British vote to leave the EU has also been charged, a spokeswoman said.
In the United States, where the exhaust flashes first escalated, there is also a minus.
Great support for VW is the Chinese market.
In total, the largely affected domestic brand of the Lower Saxony is already with the diesel scandal: After the first seven months, only a 0.9 per cent increase to 3.37 million vehicles is to be found.
Group sales chief Fred Kappler continued to show a sales gap between January and July.
1.3 per cent more vehicles delivered Volkswagen at this time, worldwide 5.904 million.
Volkswagen had rigged with a software Aggery.
In Germany alone, VW is calling for approximately 2.5 million cars to upgrade to the workshops.
In the course of rearmament, VW confirmed that the conversion of the cars has no negative impact.
After the conversion of vehicles, fuel consumption, CO2 emissions or engine power will not deteriorate.
The bus station offers customers a "guarantee" certificate, but not of a "guarantee," as was said on Friday in company trips.
The reason for this is legal immunity.
The "Focus" had reported that Volkswagen would now guarantee its German customers a guarantee of equipped diesel models.
This would have been confirmed last Monday VW-Representative in the Federal Ministry of Transport.
The Department of Transport confirmed that there was this meeting.
"VW has met the obligations of my investigative commission and the KBA."
Said Federal Transport Minister Alexander Dobrindt (CSU).
VW has taken the guarantee that fuel consumption, CO2 emissions or engine power will not deteriorate after upgrading, and all the type-approval-related vehicles remain unchanged.
Volkswagen itself uses the term "guarantee" but not how it was called in business trips.
The broad concept of "guarantee" makes Volkswagen the possibility that, for example, customers could come to a shop for six months after the conversion - and this could lead to the new software - even if the damage has nothing to do with it.
It is also important for us to avoid, in the interests of our clients, that any other damage, which has nothing to do with the Abgassandal, will lead to uncertainty as regards the possible guarantee arrangements, as stated.
For this reason, VW does not use the term "guarantee."
The Raiffeisenbank Gmund am Tegernsee is asking for wealthy savers in the future - as the second Institute in Germany.
Bank chief executive Josef Paul said on Thursday: "It's just about 139 customers, who park around EUR 40 million on giro- or daily cash accounts."
The Bundesverband German Banks speaks of an isolated case and does not send a signal: Ordinary savers should not fear to pay for their sparkles.
Camps banks money overnight at the European Central Bank (ECB), they must pay their 0.4 percent penalty.
This fee is required by the Raiffeisenbank Gmund from September of private and corporate customers for deposits over EUR 100 000 to be paid on Giro- or daily cash accounts.
"The first 100,000 euros are free."
Said Paul.
He has had some EUR 40 million for some time, which could be raised from one day to another and which he cannot accept.
"They are up to me on the central bank account and cause 0.4 per cent costs," the bank chief said.
"I cannot put aside for every million EUR 4000."
After the 'polluter pays' principle, the costs are now continuing.
If the cash is to be left in the gates of the Raiffeisenbank, it would be far too dangerous to say: "I have already experienced four incidents, not even the fifth!"
Most customers would understand and changed to other forms of investment.
Few emigrated to other banks.
The Bavarian Cooperatives Association said: "The ECB's extreme monetary policy is causing significant costs on all banks."
To bear it alone is not "economically viable."
Some German banks have therefore increased their fees for account management, credit cards or remittances.
With penalty interest rates for deposits from three million euros, the Thuringian Volks- and Raiffeisenbank Altenburger Land had made headlines with its Skatbank branch in 2014.
Michael Kemmer, chief executive of the banking association, said: "We don't expect private customers to pay nationwide charges on deposits, to do so, competition in Germany is far too strong among banks and savings banks."
A banker said at the Tegernsee Lake there is "a clientele that is quite abundant in wealth."
"That can be a problem for a small bank," if she's free money.
The co-operative bank Gmund founded in 1911 has branches in Bad Wiesee, Rottach-Egern, Kreuth and Tegernsee.
In the region, there are known actors, athletes and entrepreneurs.
The Bavarian Cooperative Federation "is currently not aware of any further banks that charge an outlet for deposits of private customers," spokesperson Ernst said.
The president of the Federal Association of German People's Banks and Raiffeisen Banks (BVR), Uwe Fröhlich, said at the end of June that the threshold to go into the negatives is very high.
The competition is tough, and it droit the emigration of investors to competition.
The customers in Germany will not be allowed to fall into the width.
Destination plates: Who actually buys records?
Lonely men of middle ages love plates.
Before you go to the commentaries, to overshadow him under the pseudonym of non-alleyone-sex marriage, this statement is derived from current data.
According to YouGov, the much-talked resurgence of soundboards is not on a boom in Reuters that want to welcome the novelty of physical objects, but because of midlife nostalgia.
Those who recently bought a plate are forward-looking after age between 45 and 54.
In fact, the 18-24 age group is the most unlikely buyer group.
It is also not a horden by amateur collectors - it has an emotional meaning: Older platters retain their feelings for themselves (56% vs. 53%) and enjoy it alone (69% vs. 66%).
But are YouGov's results?
If this blog would be a news report on television, I would follow the camera while, in the midst of a busy street in Soho, I am running a modest grey suit and looking wild before I stand, my hands feel and something to say like: "So, let us take a closer look at it."
So let us look at it.
Even though the heart of Soho is slowly losing its charm - hotels, restaurants and offices are now filling the buildings in which once independent sellers were established - there is still a handful of fantastic record shops.
I would probably ask the cameraman to switch off the camera for the next part in which I am in direct proximity to various men in such shops and try to assess their age and vegetable through observation.
Stuart from Glasgow, 55, to which I am from Sister Ray (data number: Two young women, three men middle ages) to Reckless Records (data number: Eight men of middle age, a woman, presumably around the 20) is a day long for a meeting in London and goes through the shops to fill the few hours.
Is he a collector, I ask?
"I guess already," he says.
I have about 3,000 or 4,000 plates.
These sound boards, above (he sent me the snapshot by email, I didn't go back home), dress up the walls of his caravan.
The reason he owns such a significant number of albums and singles is the result of his available income: He is now in a position to buy plates that he couldn't afford when she appeared and again bought items he sold when he was young.
"Many things I buy are out of the late sixties, early 70s, which appeared when I was 11 or 12. Things where I was probably something too young to buy it," he says.
He agrees that those who buy records are rather introverted and would like to spend time alone, adding: "I don't smoke and I don't drink much.
That's my lust.
WEZ, 25, who works at Sister Ray, also believes that many customers who meet him meet on the YouGov profile.
However, he has also noticed a new wave of people influenced by the media pie, people who have heard about the comeback and who have been prompted to buy their old plates again.
From the conversations that I have conducted, people have usually escaped from their collection in 1998 or 1999.
Customers who once sold their plates to buy themselves CDs now sell their CDs to buy their plates again, "he says.
That would explain the boom to supporters of the record revision of a certain age.
But what about the alleged emotional meaning of plates?
It takes just a few seconds in a business like Phonica to recognize that record shops offer a reassuring community of equestrian.
According to Weiz, some of the older customers took an impetus to the contactless payment system.
Some record fans feel overwhelmed by the digital world and want to retreat to the stability of familiar silhouettes, of objects that wake up happy youth.
"I think sometimes it can be the filling of a liver or possession of material possessions as a kind of comfort," says Wez.
That's when I am a collector, and I think it is so.
It is an easy way to employ mentally.
"We are like their social workers!" We have a staff of a record pile.
A survey by the ICM in April revealed that nearly 50 per cent of people bought a plate last month, they haven't heard yet.
The poll also found that 41 per cent have a record player they never use, while 7 per cent of those buying a plate don't have a record player.
At this point in the news report, I would probably look very concerned, while I am pillaging by a stack of Bossa Nova complains.
Jonny, 42, who works with Sounds of the Universe (data: Three men of middle ages), has noticed a "trophy aspect" of the Revvals.
"Someone just came here recently and said:" I don't have a record player, but I would like to buy a Radiohead record plate so that I can put them in the shelf, "he says.
This is not a big percentage, but it definitely happens.
More product load, less music load.
We have people saying: 'I don't have a record player.'
These are younger people, not older people, who are only beginning to clean up.
Fopp, which has devoted almost a whole floor to the sound boards, has a blower audience when I go down.
There are couples around the 70, tourists who make photos, teens and middle ages.
Even if the atmosphere is slightly less relaxed than in the above-mentioned shops - Wild Beasts's latest synonym and sexy-packed pop instead of experimental jazz rhymes out of the speakers - it's good to see such diversity among customers.
None of them looks particularly lonely, but naughty mental trauma is difficult to determine if one is standing next to someone for 30 seconds.
Elanora, 27, has been running around for a few minutes in the business and looked at the varietal of the plates for sale.
It is more like a shopping cart than a wholesale purchase.
She doesn't deserve much, therefore collecting plates no real option, she says.
It costs a lot.
It's easy to hear music from a computer or in other ways, but the beauty of plates is... "she drives up with a loved Sefzer.
I don't know how to explain it - it's really unique.
My last stop is a business that is said to have inspired a new generation of record lovers: Urban outfitters.
While I would seem to muster the jeans hotties, I observe a group of young teenagers who are grouped for a moment around Polaroid cameras before a father and his daughter consider buying a Crosley record player.
To the left is a staircase house, a wall full of plates of Adele, Jeff Buckley, Amy Winehouse and Fleetwood Mac: A mix of contemporary music and classics, the essential plates for an average collection.
Nobody sees them - perhaps because they are purely decorative, some so far above that it is impossible to take them.
It's pure "record art."
But given that any attraction for these items means more money for the industry and could send some customers to the depths of Sohos for more, there's nothing to complain about.
It's no surprise that a population group, which has more time and money than others, is also the one that spends most on luxury items such as plates.
Even if my follow-up shows that the results of YouGov are voting, they, at least in record shops in Soho, leave out the large number of female collectors who exist in reality, record shops and online forums.
These people are probably working hard at school or in offices.
They certainly do not spend their Thursday morning with safety with the buck through record stores of Berwick Street and the leaves by plates, while they are miles to the startling look of an unsuspecting, thirty-year-old false presenter who has left unsuspecting men of middle ages.
Greenland shark is the longest living cyclist - video camera
Scientific say that the Greenland shark has the longest living span of all vertebrates on the planet.
Julius Nielsen, who is investigating sharks, says that the record was at a whim from which it is believed to be between 272 and 512 years old and five metres
French court rejects bid over demolition of shops in jungle refugee camp
A French court has rejected an offer by the authorities in Calais, dozens of temporary shops and restaurants in the jungle of Calais, where thousands of refugees live in.
At a court hearing this week, authorities in Calais argued that the state should be empowered to demolish 72 provisional transactions in which people inside the store sell goods, selling cigarettes to Energyrites, offer hairdressing, or sell tea for 50 cents (40 pence) or simple meals for a few euros in PISG restaurants.
The Calais prefecture argued that these places should be demolished because they would be a parallel economy, from which no taxes would be paid and that would have a fire and sanitation risk.
Humanitarian groups told the court that the shops and restaurants were important as the free meals offered by the state-backed union and other groups would not provide enough food for the growing numbers in the camp.
They also said that temporary shops and restaurants would often offer accommodation and free meals for people in need.
A court in Lille ruled that there would be no legal basis for the deportation of people running the 72 provisional deals, but admitted that the concerns of Calais's prefecture were "absolutely understandable."
Judge Jean-François Molla said food shops, cafes and restaurants would play a much greater role than merely feeding people who "live in extremely precarious conditions."
He said the areas offer quiet matches between refugees and volunteers.
One of the places under threat from the Netherlands was the Jungle Book Kids' cafe of the camp, which is commonly operated and consists of 200 meals on the day, English and French classes, and advice on asylum matters for the hundreds of vulnerable, unaccompanied minors.
More than 170,000 people have signed the petition to keep the Kids' cafe.
In a letter to the Guardian, it was said that the closure would be "for these children of a disaster, of which the youngest eight years are old."
The two aid agencies Help Refugees and L'Auberge of the Migrants estimate on Friday that the number of those living in the jungle camp had risen to more than 9,000 people - the highest number until now - following a sharp rise in new arrivals over the summer.
Despite Olympia disappointment: Martin remains struggling
Despite his disappointing appearance in Olympic timing, Radprofi Tony Martin doesn't want to leave.
"I continue to keep the World Cup in sight, remain confident and continue to fight," the 31-year-old wrote on Thursday before his departure from Rio de Janeiro on Facebook.
He does not have a declaration for his masked 12-seat.
"Frankly, I find it difficult to comment on the time driving yesterday," said Martin.
He would have to analyse the reasons for the debacle.
At the time of the World Championships in October in Qatar, Martin was actually to fight the title.
"I will look at everything that we have changed in recent times."
"To this count also counts," wrote the three-time newspaper world champion who had lost on Wednesday's 54,5 km more than three minutes on Olympiasian Fabian Cancun (Switzerland).
Olympia: Tennis Profi triumphs missed semi-finals
The victory of Laura Siegemund ended in the quarter finals of Rio: The Weltrangast-32nd of Metzingen missed by a 1: 6, 1: 6 against Monica Puig (Puerto Rico / WTA No.
34) clear the semi-finals of the Olympic tennis tournament.
Siegemund, who was plagued by back problems, could only get through to their strike and had a powerful effect compared to the previous rounds.
On Thursday, Mudaillenhope Angelique Kerber (Kiel / Nr. 2) had the chance to jump to the preview round.
The Australian Open rifle hit the Britin Johanna Konta (No 10).
As the last German tennis test, Tommy Haas scored a medal (silver) in Sydney in 2000.
Two German DTB starter in the quarter finals of summer games had last been given in 1992.
Never yet stood a German duo in an Olympic single-half.
Group ascends at start-up for live video game broadcasts
To watch other people playing video games is a giant - including Microsoft.
The technology group buys the start-up Beam, which specializes in this hobby.
How much money for the takeover is going to flow, Microsoft said on Thursday not.
Beam went to the start with his offer only in January and already has more than 100,000 users.
You can view others in the games, but also intervene.
For example, they can give up on the players missions and face enemies and provide equipment.
Player Activision Blizzard launches a new HD video service for the booming world of e-sport.
On the road to the global media event, Facebook is to help.
The advertising industry is already hearing.
The staff of the start-ups, which has been headquartered in Seattle in the US state so far, are drawing to the Microsoft headquarters in the California Redmond, as well-informed as Beam co-founder and chief executive Matt Salsamendi.
Therefore, the acquisition will not change the situation.
Beam is integrated into the video game department around the Xbox console, according to Microsoft.
The market of live streaming of video game activities is currently growing rapidly.
Known platforms are Twitch and YouTube Gaming.
Twitch was bought by the online retailer Amazon in 2014 - for nearly a billion dollars.
YouTube Gaming belongs to the Google mother Alphabet.
Here comes the Enforcing Trailer
Germany's grass must be adjusted to the next generation of speed meters: In various federal states, among other things in Hessen and Brandenburg, new flash devices will be tested, which should be particularly effective over the ground.
For example, the futuristic actuation trailer of the company Vitronic from Wiesbaden can be used in case of accident areas, where it would be too dangerous to use a mobile measurement by the police.
For example, at highway construction sites or connecting bridges with temporary timing, there are often no necessary infrastructure to ensure that the speed limit is observed there.
However, a permanent mobile development can be too dangerous or complex.
The driver is self-sufficient: His battery holds five days on uninterrupted measurement operations, the case data being encrypted via a modem.
With laser measurement technology, all vehicles can be captured across multiple tracks simultaneously.
Variable speed limits, as well as traffic bans by time, track and vehicle class can also be monitored.
In the high-risk state, the trailer can be used by the manufacturer with a clutch.
In order not to simply clad it, it is lowered in the measuring operation, so the wheels are disappearing in the armored and also a smooth outer shell.
In addition, a built-in alarmist aims to protect the Blitzer against vandalism.
Since 2015, the trailer has been tested and used in various federal states, according to Vitronic.
Foreign authorities also blasted with the new technique: France has recently changed 100 pieces, following an order of 150 pieces last year.
Britain picks silver in 7-man rugby after Fiji Masterclass gold hits
Britain's impressive performance at the 7-man rugby came to an abrupt stop on Thursday night at the last hurdle in the shape of the fijis when they were beaten with a score of 43-7 at the Deodoro Stadium here in Rio.
Fiji awarded a master class in the handling, Side-steeping, afterward, line-up and raw force to win gold - their first Olympic medal of any color.
Defeat was missed by the not-too-poor price of the silver medal - Britain's fourth on that day - and they could be proud of their efforts in this tournament, where they suggested New Zealand, Argentina and South Africa.
The clear defeat of the coke, 7-5 in the semifinals on the same day could fall back on them in the final.
But regardless of this, Fiji would have beaten a 15-man team in bribery.
It might be a trost for GB - but will probably not - at least one Brite tomorrow will have a gold medal around his neck: Fijis chief trainer Ben Ryan, the former boss for England from Wimbledon.
GB had a difficult way behind.
Eight years ago, she lost at the Adelaide Sevens under Ryan every game.
Here they lost just one.
That slap will hurt, but progress is astonishing.
Fiji started out and left the attacks GBs.
In the early days Division.
With yet four minutes of play, Jerry Tuwai added another attack from the right corner he converted.
12-0 and GB barely touched the ball.
A hedged Tackle of Mitchell stole the Mount of Man Leone Nakarawa a third gate, but it only stopped Fiji.
In the seventh minute, JASA Veremuua left a touchdown in the right corner and it stood 0-17 for GB.
Nakarawa added a new since the rebound and there was still over a minute game time... in the first half.
Vatemo Ravuvou preyed by further weak Tackling of the GB team and stormed to the line to make a gate.
The conversion brought a 29-0 to the break.
It is as if Fiji was born to play 7, while GB is still learning.
So it is.
GB introduced fundamental changes to half-time by and closed the fijian gap... for a whole four minutes, which was good for the circumstances of the first half-time, until Josua Tuisova went through a brilliant midplay run by Fiji.
Dan Norton launched an attempt for GB, making a touchdown in the left corner for a 36-7, but the game was already running for a long time in favor of the south-east of England, whose fans sang smiles, flags and dancing in the gallery.
It was not difficult to admire Fijis's playful approach.
Mata Viliame set the i-bag with another try in the final seconds.
The pfiff, the fijis hugged themselves and GB cracked down the lawn.
Earlier on the day Fiji had defeated Japan in the semi-finals with 20-5 and Britain pushed South Africa in a tight half-final match from the race - Britain's transformation of the difference.
Kyle Brown brought the batters forward in the first half, but Dan Norton broke the line with an impressive footwork and scored a gate under the post in the second half.
A brilliant late tackling of Marcus Watson, the brother of Anthony of the English 15-Asian team, secured the win - and thus the silver medal.
Helen Glover and Heather Stanning inspired by fight with the trainer's cancer to rudder victory
There will be no emotine gold than in those games, and that is what you want.
From the first slide to the last, 220 hard Hieve that came into history, Helen Glover and Heather Stanning found an extra significance in their golden moment at Estacio da Lagoa.
The Echo of the trainer Robin Williams was here as she was a second Olympiagold in the second without a tax woman, the first women in the history of British Sports, which laid such a benchmark.
Her dominance was absolutely, after all, its 39th unsuspecting bet, which is also unprecedented.
What we are seeing are two brilliant athletes who glide over the surface with the elegance of swans, which does not reflect the nature of the triumphal.
Behind every gold in the rudder, a Batamillon is stuck to willing heroines that contribute to the incremental advances that make up the difference and it was no euthanising than the coach who did not know 30 months ago whether he would survive that day at all when he was diagnosed with cancer.
As he said, he was risky.
I had bladder cancer, which is operable and they did.
If you don't do that, he spreads everywhere.
It would have been a pretty bad situation.
It changes a little to the outlook.
Williams was diagnosed in December 2013.
The trio were lucky that he could start treatment at the beginning of 2014, outside the season, which kept the interruption to a minimum if that is the right term in such circumstances.
I needed money, so I had to go back again.
It was an incentive.
I was in hospital and ran around the station - 20 feet, 30 feet, 50 feet at a time when they said that some steps would be enough.
That's how it starts.
It is already a challenge, but this makes it an even bigger one.
In the insufficiency of the victory, their first thoughts went to Williams, who spent a nerving morning doing something more than usual, trying to process his own fears.
Stanning, who was the main man in the Royal Artillery Regiment in an effort in Afghanistan, said "I was an emotional wreck this week, which is perhaps something extreme, but it means so much."
It just repeats how much I mean, how much I and Helen and Robin worked.
It was three fantastic years with Helen and Robin.
Without Robin, we would be no one, and therefore a massive thank him to him.
I would have no better person to train or better coach.
Helena Glover and Heather Stanning have not lost a race in the past five years.
The couple had a tough rhythm, with which their opponents couldn't compete.
Even in the last 500 metres, when the teams from New Zealand and Denmark began to finish, Stanning and Glover had too much in reserve.
We were caught very at the moment.
Helen called "leaded in the process, sustained in the process."
It is really important not to let go.
We had a good start and at the same time we were not prepared to make something rabies.
We did not want a fireworks today, we simply wanted to achieve a good result, go beyond and win the race, which we did.
The couple will take a break for a year before making decisions about his future.
Glover will have to appear on a wedding next week, her own with the TV adventurer Steve Backshall.
Now she simply wants to enjoy the moment.
I didn't want to say that was my last race.
That would have caused excessive pressure.
In London, it took about six months to realise that I am an Olympic champion.
It was all so new to me and I was so stressful.
Here it took about four minutes.
That feels so much better, "she said.
31 years for clarity
The Managing Director of the Water Funding Federation, Ruppert Göller, is retiring.
The association is regarded as "Bavarian."
A small frantic drinking water station as an example for the large water producers.
This was the name of the Bayerischer Rundfunk some time ago.
Little later, the Water Forum of the Government of Lower Frankonia was awarded the purpose board.
The work of the Veig group is "Bavarian as exemplary."
Behind all this is Rupert Göller, who was 31 years in the Zielband employee, 28 years as managing director.
Now he was retired at the age of 65.
The water-purpose Federation of the Veig group, based in Kottendorf, Municipality Breitbrunn, promotes approximately 150000 cubic metres of water every year and provides for 32 places and females with about 5500 inhabitants.
The municipalities are the municipalities of Kirchlouder, Breitbrunn, Lauter, Ebelsbach and the city of Baunach.
For other cities and municipalities there are water supply contracts.
The current chairman, Breitbrunn Mayor Gertrud Bühl (FW), recalled that Rupert Göller was hired as a water supplier in 1985 and was appointed as the Managing Director of the Zielverband in 1988.
"His tasks have been very diverse and they covered water pipeline construction and maintenance work through office and organization activities, budgeting, calculation of fees and contributions to emergency operations at weekends," the chairperson said.
As an outstanding event, she called the start-up and inauguration of the new wells (1994), plots of land in the area of the new wells (1998) and compensation of farmers, the rehabilitation of the high-container (1999), the new creation of a central computer control system (2004) and the re-introduction of water pipelines.
There has been no stalemate, and there have always been innovations because water is a means of life and drinking water is the most important food.
In her Laudatio, she praised Göller's faithful, reliable and correct service over 31 years.
He has worked with a lot of heart blood for his water base and he has always lived in the water-purpose association as if it were its own business.
A few weeks ago, as a real practitioner, he has been able to present the concept of success of the group to the water forum in the district of Lower Frankonia.
He received a great deal of recognition and praise.
Rupert Göller, for his part, praised Alfons Griebel, who worked with him for 28 years.
He is the best Wasser and he was a faithful cone.
Together we were an unbeatable team.
As a highlight from his point of view, he referred to the cultivation of Brunnen and the restructure of the destination.
The biggest challenge and the most difficult use were the crash in the blast container at Kirchlouder on 3 January.
At minus 17 degrees the whole night will have to work, so that the towns could be cared for.
You can only maintain the supply of Neubrunn because you have been filled with hoses from Pettstadt.
The management of the Drinking Water Works Association was handed over to Daniel Stürmer from Lauter, who took up the succession of Rupert Göller.
The soprano Anna Netrebko goes openly with the autism of her son Tiago - and turns to other affected parents: "You have to have the courage to talk about it."
"Medicine has made great progress," the 44-year-old told the Italian newspaper "Corriere della Sera."
When the disease was detected in her son, she believed she had to die.
The Tiago, who has now been eight years old, is well-off and now has private in New York, where the best therapists are.
"To give an example: If I ask him something that's two years back when I sang at the Milan Scala, he remembers nothing," Netanyahu said.
But he is the happiest person on earth.
Tiago comes from Netrebokos with the Bassbariton Erwin Schrott.
She is now married to Tenor Yusif Eyvazov.
Funeral at Bargteheide - man shoots on life hazard
A 35-year-old man shot dead at his partner in a multi-family home in Bargteheide Stormarn on Friday at 10.45 p.m.
"The man has called himself with us and indicated to have shot his life threat," said a police spokeswoman.
The offense is on the escape, according to him.
In the meantime, Sven S. could be on the road.
The man is about 1.80 meters tall, muscular, brown and has a glitch.
Meanwhile, police released a photo of him.
However, it is a few years old.
Meanwhile, the man bears a glitch.
The man is not to be addressed directly.
He could still wear the weapon, so the police said.
If Sven S. sees you, the 110 will call.
Police are talking about a "funeral."
The victim was born in 1988, the perpetrators in 1981.
The police in Lübeck initially did not want to provide information about the passing or the relationship between the perpetrator and the victim, but confirmed that one person had been killed.
'it is a killing offence '.
"More we don't currently," said a police spokeswoman in Lübeck.
According to eyewitnesses, a special intervention command (SEC) was at the scene.
Steel - lighting for German steel industry
The crisis-torn and energy-intensive German steel industry is spared by additional costs in millions.
Financial burdens that the industry threatened to take from eco-flow support are from the table.
It remains in the case of the exemption from the Energi Terbarukan Saja Tidak Cukup energy conversion system for the production facilities of the German steel industry.
"I am really happy that, after two years of negotiations, we have finally succeeded."
The European Commission has therefore initially planned to call on the steel manufacturers to use the gases from the furnace to generate electricity for their own consumption.
According to the German industry, the steel industry was threatened with an additional cost of EUR 120 to 240 million a year.
Gabriel said the WAZ will now provide a basic agreement with the EU Commission after talks with Competition Margrethe Vestager.
Only when the generators are replaced in the steel plants, all an EEG account for 20 percent.
But that too will not be made in the steel industry.
The IG metal welcomed the unification of Germany with the EU's own electricity production commission.
This means that the status quo of the existing regime has been largely established.
The success of Gabriel for the steel industry is particularly important.
"With regard to our 'steel', future is a first step."
"More must follow."
"Also in the reform of emissions legislation, climate and employment objectives are to be weighed down," said IG Metall-Chief Jörg Hofmann in Frankfurt.
The steel industry in Europe has suffered overcapacity and a significant price pressure since the 2008 financial crisis.
Last year, the situation continued to rise as the world's largest producer country raised the world market in the face of its weakening domestic demand.
European manufacturers accuse Chinese steel corporations of price dumping.
Over the course of this spring, the situation has eased slightly.
On the one hand, import duties on imports of imports have an effect, and on the other hand, the economic outlook in China has emerged.
It is unclear how sustainable prices are.
The German industry primus Thyssenkrupp the University of Hungary remained cautious on Thursday.
Last but not least, prices would have stagnated.
The industry is responding to the difficult situation with further cost reductions.
Most importantly, ThyssenKrupp did not want to exclude the closure of individual works.
In the German steel industry, some 86,000 people were employed at the end of 2015.
In July, German steel manufacturers remain cautious despite rising prices and increasing orders.
They produced by 3.4 million tonnes of good six per cent less crude steel than in the previous month, as the Economic Association said on Friday.
After a brief increase in May, the produced crowd went back the second month.
Since the beginning of the year, production has been down by two per cent below the previous year.
In the coming months, the Association is expecting an improved order situation with an increased impact.
Community, spirit, health: Singing does seniors well
The Singen has already accompanied Ursel Kipp her whole life: As a young girl she was in the school choir, in the Lehtramt-studying she was the subject of music, and today the 78-year-old is singing in a seniors choir.
"Singing moves me - emotionally and physically," she describes.
After a rehearsal she feels balanced, cheerful and overall more lively, she says.
By the way, she is doing something good for her health and spirit.
Singen is a great hobby for seniors, says Erhard Hackler from the German seniors league.
Most seniors sing in the choir and share with peers the joy of the music, describing Hackler.
Through regular meetings, seniors can build and maintain social contacts.
Social and family structures are often solved at age, and a choir is an ideal opportunity to spend time with other people.
This experience has also made Ursel Kipp in her choir: "Speak out and organize to leave on the other and learn from each other - a choir is a very special form of association."
Singing can be exhausting in the positive sense, says Hackler.
This is because seniors train a deep and controlled breathing.
If you ask your lungs on a regular basis, you can't get it out of the pusts.
Even if it's about to get the sound of voice in the age, singing is an optimal hobby.
On older people, Singen often has a very special effect, says Ursula Lenz of the Federal Labour community of seniors organizations.
In older generations, the common singing had a much higher value, it belonged to everyday life, both at school and in leisure, she explained.
Lenz often observes that the singing or listening of songs to older people awakens many memories, often associated with positive feelings of their youth.
Through song lyrics and especially melodies, even dementia-torn people are suffering from long-standing events.
In the case of singing, a special performance is also required.
At the same time, focusing on their own voice and on a given rhythm and adapting to the other singers - that's a great cognitive challenge.
Even older people who live alone are not only focusing on themselves.
Another positive aspect is the recognition given by the singing in the choir, says Hackler.
An enthusiastic audience is a great compliment.
Self-esteem is also growing by singing in the choir.
To show itself: If I'm long for something to eat, I'll be better and wake up beyond me - this experience strengthens.
There are enough reasons to start singing.
Who wants to try a new hobby shouldn't hesitate - even if he thinks little talent, advises Lenz.
You are not alone - at least 50 people - who are listening to them when they go out?
Looking for the matching offer, seniors have different options, says Hackler.
If someone is out of the audience in a seniors choir, you can easily join.
Many cities also offer views over the choirs in the surrounding area.
If you want to sing in a church choir, you can go straight to the village or church.
Many seniors can be found via the internet.
If you do not have access to the Internet, you can ask the family, friends or neighbours for help with the Internet.
If you want to sing, you should join a choir.
Singing does the soul well and has something liberalized - that applies to every age.
Cats respond more sensitively than catcher on gunfire of juveniles
Biologists have studied in Hannover, which effect has caused cat babies on adult animals.
To her surprise, the mistress also didn't let the men go cold - but they always kept in touch with the females.
Female cats can recognize the erratic rate of cat babies on the small ones.
They respond to ten per cent faster on Lutte from kittens, who are in great distress, as scientists have found out of the Animal Veterinary School and Medical University Hannover (MHH).
Catchers also respond to the rufe of kittens - but always equal.
"Apparently, the acoustic differences between the mistress of less and sharply raised juveniles for the males are either not perceived or irrelevant," said the biologist Wiebke Konerding of the MHH.
She is the first author of the study published this Friday in the journal "BMC Evolutionary Biology."
In a previous investigation, the research team had already found that the duration and tone of the kittens is different from the urgency of their aid needs.
A total of nine adult catchers and eight patients were observed from the MBH.
They were first played for a rufe of little ones, taken for three minutes from the litter box and separated by mother and brothers.
On the other hand, they were faced with gunshots of more highly inflated kittens, which were added in addition.
The researchers hold their results despite the low sample for meaningful.
"All females, even those that had not yet had their own offspring, responded differently to the sheriff," said Konerding.
They turned faster to the speaker when this Rufe played off the very erased kittens.
This ability may be associated or develop with the gender maturity.
"A surprise was that the males reacted at all," the biologist said.
In the past, scientists have already investigated the reactions of women and men on baby noises in the past.
Also, some studies showed that women responded more sensitively to infants, whether they were mothers or not, reported biologist Marina Scheumann.
Podolski attacks' Gala 'after Supercup
Hakan sweetness is a football legend in Turkey.
An arrest warrant has been issued in Turkey against the former football star Hakan Sükiss.
He is accused of being a terrorist group.
For the first time after the coup attempt, an important football game is taking place in Turkey.
Before the duel of the archrivals between Besiktas Istanbul and Lukas Podolskis Galatasaray Istanbul to the Supercup in Konya, the official line is clear: "Business as usual" is said.
Even if the state of emergency was to be imposed after the crash in July, the government, which would not be affected by the everyday life of ordinary citizens.
However, this does not apply to those who are suspected of belonging to Fethullah Gülen, who is responsible for the coup attempt.
This is not the case before football.
Against former Starkiker Hakan Sükhr, prosecutors said a warrant was issued.
In the meantime, the South of America is accused of being a member of a terrorist group.
Sükär is to be a supporter of Predicer Fethullah Gülen, who is blamed by President Recep Tayyip Erdogan for the coup attempt.
It is true that the state of emergency of 90 days is still in place until October, but it does not have any effect on the life of most Turks.
The night-time "democracy guards" on public places across the country said Erdogan has been declared an end on Wednesday.
Sport - like the whole country - is divided into supporters and opponents of Erdogan.
Especially fans of the Besiktas working club are traditionally not among the president's friends.
But, given the dramatic history of history, the Turks are strongly opposed to military purses.
Even even the fans agree - no matter whether their heart beats Galatasaray or Fenerbahce.
At the "Gala" Cup, it will be particularly important to arrive at Lukas Podolski.
In the past season, the Cologne has proved its sporting value: With 17 gates and nine templates in all competitions, the 31-year-old finished his first time as the top scorer of his association.
In the final game against Fenerbahce, he scored the 1: 0 victory.
The newspaper "Fanatics" complained to him: "He was the best on the pitch."
He finished the season superbly and secured the ball.
Thanks to "Poldi," the disappointing season for the record master was a conciliatory conclusion.
After the pre-season k.o in the Champions League, the "Löwen" also shoots in the Europa League early.
In the South Lig, it was only to rank six.
The season wasn't good.
The Postal was the only way to win something.
"That's what we've got and that's the most important thing," Podolski said.
For master Besiktas the match year went better.
Thanks in particular to Mario Gomez, who was the second title to the 14th title with 26 seasons as a South-Lig-Torprotective King.
That's also the reason fans continue to hope for the return of the 31-year-old.
In doing so, Gomez, who was under the agreement of the AC Florence, had only been informed of the coup attempt, because of the political situation in the country.
"If Mario wants to come to us," he must just say "Kicker" Kicker "Kicker" Club chef Fikret Orman.
However, to do so, the stuner would have to be prepared to dispense with approximately one-third of his year's estimate of EUR 7.5 million, Orman said: "We cannot pay his salary at Florence."
Despite doping: These athletes still have medals chances at Olympia in Rio
The 34-year-old Justin Gatlin was already blocked twice because of doping (2001 and 2006).
Rio de Janeiro - Whistlebuwerin Julia Stepanowa may not start in Rio.
Others overled athletic sinners can only laugh about it - they fight in Rio for medals.
The issue of doping still determines the headlines at the Rio Olympics.
The Russian swimming woman Julija Jefimowa, who had complained to her Starlaw shortly before the Games, was unearthed and cancelled at her start (100 metres).
It offered a scurial scenario: She was still proud of her appearance and had provoked her appearance.
As a firm that she was not going to catch gold, the audience broke into a jubilee.
But there are many more athletes who, despite the doping past, go to the Rio Olympics.
Here's an overview:
Justin Gatlin (100, 200, 4x100-m-season / USA): The 34-year-old is among the most controversial figures in athletics.
He was blocked for two times because of doping (2001 and 2006 to 2010).
The Olympic Champion of 2004 and Ex-World Champion even faster than before, he's about 100 m in 9.80 seconds the number one of the world and is considered the biggest challenger of Usain Bolt.
Shelly-Ann Fraser-Pryce (100, 4x100-m-season / Jamaica): The two-time Olympic champion and seven-time world champion had to sit down a six-month lock in 2010 after it was proved to be taken by Oxycodon.
She had strong toothaches after surgery, defending the 29-year-old.
Sandra Perkovic (Diskus / Croatia): In 2011, the 2012 Olympic champion, world champion of 2013 and European Championships from 2010 to 2016 was positively tested on the banned Stimulan funds methyl hexanamin.
Perkovic disputed the knowest taking and was blocked six months.
The four furthest sausages this year go to the big gold favorite.
LaShawn Merritt (200, 400, 4x400-m-season / USA): The Beijing Olympic champion and two-time world champion over 400 m, was positively tested in 2010 and was blocked 21 months.
A medium for peninsulation was responsible, drunk Merritt.
This year, the 30-year-old is over 200 and 400 metres of the world's fastest man.
Iwan Tichon (Hammerding, Belarus): Hardly an athlete had so many medals subsequently escaped.
Thus, Tichon lost his 2015 World Cup title nine years later after he was found to be diagnosed with testosterone doping.
The current 40-year-old also had to issue Olympic silver 2004 for steroid doping and the 2006 EM title because of testosterone abuse.
The bronze medal of the 2008 Olympic Games was returned by the International Sports Court.
With 80.04 m it is ranked by two of the world rankings.
Liu Hong (20 km, China): The world's leading player and gold favorite was first tested in May but may still start in Rio.
The world's 29-year-old, the world's oldest woman, found hints of taking a banned food supplement, the sperm of the World Anti-Doping Agency WADA fell mildly and was already running on July 13.
Bomb terror in Thailand - Austrians hurt - multiple dead
The Austrian Embassy in Thailand is in contact with the woman, said Foreign Ministry spokesman Thomas Schnöll, Friday morning.
She had suffered cuts and was treated in hospital, but had already been able to leave it again.
Her home trip was scheduled for early September.
Whether from the other explosions on the holiday island of Phuket and in the southern towns of Surat Thani, Phang Nga, Trang and Chumphon also affected Austrian citizens, it is still unclear.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs is in constant contact with local authorities.
Hua Hin, located about 200 miles south of the capital Bangkok, was initially exploding two bombs on Thursday night.
According to police, a Thailand was killed and about 20 people were injured, including the Austrians, three Germans, three Dutch and three Italians.
Friday morning, two pitfalls were again high, and another man was killed.
A bomb explosion was also reported in the morning.
A taxi driver was injured in the shooting near the nearby town of Patong.
In Surat Thani on the southeast coast of the country, then another bomb exploded, killing a municipal employee.
The assaults were put into the air, according to the authorities in a floral beets before the coast police moved to the air.
Finally, detectives in Phang Nga and Trang on the south-west coast and Chumphon on the south-east coast claimed several injured.
A connection with the explosions in Hua Hin said it was.
"The bomb attacks bear the same handwriting," said Army director Danai Kritmethavee Friday morning.
"We expect it to be a coordinated attack."
It is too early to comment on possible motives - but probably the actions of Muslim rebels.
Thai media, too, wanted to identify a pattern typical for the bombing of Muslim separatists in the south of the country.
Thai police, on the other hand, said the attacks were not linked to the Islamist insurgency or international terrorism.
"That's just local sabotage, which is limited to limited areas and provinces," a spokesman said in Bangkok.
Rather, the bombs of opponents of the ruling military junta have been laid down.
The authorities would have received intelligence advice on imminent attacks in the South of the country in the past few days - but they were not informed about the exact timing and locations.
It is still unclear what group behind the attacks.
Police instructed their officials across the country to strengthen security around important government buildings as well as airports, train stations, tourist attractions, restaurants and amusement areas.
There are still smaller bombings in Thailand, but they are mostly not against tourists.
In Hua Hin, a palace was used over the years by Thailand's King Bhumibol Adulyadej.
The Austrian Ministry of Foreign Affairs, on its homepage, is strongly recommending that the Thai security authorities be informed.
High security risk (3) applies to the provinces of Narathiwat, Yala, Pattani and Songhkla as well as Preah Vihen and its surroundings.
After clashes between security forces and Muslim populations, they are not going to travel to these provinces.
Increased security (level 2) for the rest of the country.
The attacks on Thursday and Friday were few days after a controversial referendum on a constitution drafted by the military junta.
It also gives strong influence to the military in the years to come.
Junta boss and Prime Minister Prayut Chan-lo-cha said the bombs had been an attempt to stifle chaos, while moving towards stability, improving the economic situation and tourism.
The military unta, which took power in 2014 after a period of bloody unrest, is helping itself to restore stability and order.
However, the military has not been able to control Muslim rebels in the far south of the country.
More than 6500 people have already been killed in the conflict.
Barely a year ago, in Bangkok, an attack on a popular Hindu shrine was killed 20 people - most of them foreign tourists.
It was the bloodiest attack of the country's younger history.
The "Identity Movement" is in the name of the Federal Office for Constitutional Protection.
According to a number of national offices, the German Federal Government's constitutional protections have also been monitored.
"We see the" Identity Movement "clues to efforts against the liberal democratic constitution," said Constitutional Secretary Hans-Georg Maaßen of the German Press Agency in Berlin.
In this way, immigrants from Islamic faith or from the Middle East are subjected to extreme violence.
That is why we are watching the movement.
The "Identity Movement" is a group with French roots, which has been active in Germany since 2012.
It turns out against "Multikulti-Wahn," "unchecked mass immigration" and "losing its own identity by alienation."
The "identitarian" are already observed in nine German Länder - Bremen, Bayern, Hessen, Berlin, Baden-Württemberg, NRW, Lower Saxony, Saxony and Thuringia.
Maassen said his authority had agreed closely with the national offices.
"Groups like the 'Identity Movement' try to pick up their target group as it stands," the Constitutional Secretary said.
In general, extremists are trying to address them with youth, often with poptic music.
Those were Islamists, as well as right-wing extremists.
This is not a real advertisement for its own.
Propaganda is supposed to raise people emotionally.
Young people are particularly vulnerable.
That is dangerous.
Most recently, there have been reports from a number of federal states about the "identitarian" to AfD politicians.
Maassen said he had no knowledge of that.
For constitutional protection, such contacts are only relevant from a point of view.
It is a question of whether or not the party - in this case the AfD - changed its direction and becomes so extremist by certain people who are extremist.
So the decisive factor is whether such people have to have a keen influence on the party.
That is not apparent.
With a view to the significant increase in legally-motivated crimes and attacks on asylum seekers and refugee shelters, Maassen said he would not yet talk about new rights of terrorism.
However, over the past few years, we have established that there can be legislative structures.
There was the Group's Old School Society or the Freemer Group.
It may well be that other terrorist groups or micro-groups can form themselves, who are planning attacks against asylum seekers, against refugees or attacks from other right-wing motives.
A German-wide or Europe-wide management of legal terrorism is not apparent.
The previous groups have emerged at regional or social networks.
Concerns expressed concern that many attacks went to people who had previously not appeared in the right scene.
That is the cause of concern.
Many of the suspects on asylum-shelter attacks have not been known before as criminals, politically motivated criminals or supporters of the right scene.
"Many people have committed crimes that had previously had nothing to do with right-wing extremists, who were perhaps politically indifferent or who, for example, have chosen CDU, the SPD or the Left, who, however, have become radicalized by extremist voting."
Rio 2016: ROBEL Kiros Habite becomes internet hip
The Olympic Games or world records do not always determine the headlines at the Olympics.
This shows the bold appearance of ROBEL Kiros Habte during the summer games in Rio de Janeiro.
In the Aquatics Center, the slightly overweight swimsuit from Ethiopia was so slow that he was temporarily unable to see the TV pictures.
He simply disappeared - no matter how far the cut was selected.
In social networks, Habte was subsequently used to go viral.
In fact, the 24-year-old finished with a delay of 48 seconds and ranked 59th place of 59 starter.
It was rather his not just athletic figure, which attracted attention from the international media.
Why the 24-year-old still participates in the Olympics?
The Ethiopians received a special ruling from the international pool.
This will be distributed to make swimming in under-represented countries known.
As the majority of athletes run, Habte wanted to do something else.
Preparation is all: ROBEL Kiros Habite is ready for the big race.
Quickly made the first nickname the round.
Some media called him "ROBEL of the whale."
In addition to a "welfare belly," the English tabloid "The Sun" made it funny.
His time, he suggested just one minute and nearly five seconds over the 100 meters of freedom, played no part.
Comparisons with Eric the Eel were also drawn.
At the 2000 Olympic Games in Sydney, Eric Moussambani's run for median attention.
An unforgettable experience was the appearance of the swimming pool of Equatorial Guinea, when he had to compete alone in a pre-run of 100 metres.
He was fired at the time.
The 22-year-old learned to swim just eight months before Olympia and had never finished so long before the contest.
A seat in the forefront of stunning architecture of Los Angeles's central library
Learn more about the history of the central library in downtown, as the Society of Architectural Historians v Southern California Chapter holds a salon with Arnold Schwartzman and Stephen Gee, the authors of the new book "Los Angeles Central Library: A History of its Art and Architecture."
Gee and Schwartmann are scheduled to discuss and share pictures of the 1926 Bertram Goodhue Design as well as the 1993 Restoration and addition to Hardy Holzman Pfeiffer Associates.
The Salon is scheduled for 21st August from 14.00 to 16.00 in the Art Deco Southwestern School of Law, (formerly Bullock Wilshire), 3050 Wilshire Blvd..
Visitors can visit the Central Hall, the Style Room, the Kazakh lounge and the Teesalon.
Only pre-selling tickets; SAH / SCC members, $15; non-members, $25.
An open industrial often in DTLA gets a cosy makeover
We celebrate the 90.th anniversary of the L.A. Central Library - something else? - a new book
Geretsried - The owner of a Ladies on New Square has been stolen.
According to the police, the 67-year-old Geretsrierin had left her business on Monday against 5.30 p.m. and forgot to close a window on the floor.
When she came back the next morning at 8.15 p.m., around 250 Euro disappeared.
Traces of the tattoo couldn't be found.
Video surveillance is also not available.
Trump doesn't see the looming election downfall
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump speaks at a campaign event in Florida.
If there is nothing to do with the US President, Donald Trump has an alternative video.
He then went on holiday.
If Donald Trump loses the US presidential election in November, it would be relatively indifferent to him: "Ultimately, it will go either, or I have a very, very, very nice, long holiday," said the Republican candidate in a phone interview with the US television channel CNBC.
If it did not, in the end, for political correctness, he said, "Trump said.
He described US Barack Obama and the Democrats "candidate, Hillary Clinton, as the founder of the Islamic State of Islamic State (ISIS).
More and more resistance was created within his party.
Post rises in trade with electric transporters
An electric delivery vehicle of the Deutsche Post in action.
The interest of other companies in the pig is apparently large.
The post plans to sell its electric car StreetScooter as well.
Soon, the Group intends to launch the trade in transport.
The post will also offer its electric transport vans on the free machine from next year.
"We want to get into the sale to third parties," said a post spokesman on Friday.
The company has been checking for months whether to sell its self-developed streetscooters, with the letters and packs, to sell to other farms too.
Post-chief executive Jürgen Gerdes had said there are still questions of succession, such as by craftsmen.
According to the news magazine "Der Spiegel" the Bonner Group intends to enter the mass production of vehicles shortly.
In the post-own factory, the company plans to build up to 10,000 cars a year and layer.
Gerdes had announced that the Group would significantly increase its fleet of electric cars and would be able to rapidly switch to environmentally friendly vehicles.
"We're going to make a very, very robust move towards 2020," he said in late July.
I can imagine that we are clearing the entire fleet.
The StreetScooter has been active on Germany's roads since 2014.
Gfk leads after disappointing business figures
The consumer research company GfK is exchanging its chief executive Matthias Hartmann.
The returns came suddenly - but not quite surprisingly.
The difficult situation of the market research firm GfK gave the impression that the chair of frontbench Matthias Hartmann becomes even more uncertain the longer the successes he promised.
The global number five of the industry is facing a personal new start.
Gfk board chief wants to leave the company at the end of the year.
The Chairman of the GfK Supervisory Board of Arno Mahlert already has effect on 12 September from the supervisory board.
The Management Board already took over the previous board member Gerhard Hausruckinger on September 1.
He will officially assume the function of a "predator" until a successor to Hartmann was found.
As a reason for the recall, the company called "different views" on the long-term business orientation.
Details didn't want to call a corporate speaker on Friday.
It is still unclear to have the market research company in future.
In investor prices, it was said Friday that shareholders had been disappointed with the continued success of the restructuring launched years ago.
Mr Hartmann has been on the GfK tip since 2011.
"The fruits of the restructuring are not yet to be seen after 5 years," it said.
Given the last poor GfK business, each shareholder will eventually be unquiet.
"If BMW would be the case, that would also make the quandts," it said.
The company had not been able to stop his loss-taking in the previous quarter, even in the second quarter of 2016.
With €361.2 million, sales were up 6.1 percent below the level of the comparable prior year.
In the first half of the year, sales of €721.2 million fell by 3.4%.
The profit in the second quarter has, above all, been charged with the company's perceived value in the face of its difficult economic situation.
The corporate value depreciation of EUR 139 million, which was required in the Consumer Experience business area, was a loss of EUR 148.2 million.
In the second quarter of 2015, GfK had a group profit of 19.7 million.
Accidents - Bus rubbed in crambush in Graven: Eight injured
In the case of an accident involving 43 seniors as a passenger, eight people were injured on Thursday in Krumanhann (Aurich
Two of the inmates suffered serious injuries, shared the police.
The 66-year-old driver of the bus of a travel company from Eisenach had to show their claims to an opposite Lazster, who was partly on the road.
The bus came to the right of the street and slipped into a grab, as a spokeswoman by the police Aurich / Wittmund reported.
"Due to the location of the bus, people couldn't leave the bus independently," she said.
The fire brigade freed the occupants.
Six rescue cars and an emergency ambulance arrived at the road 2.
The injured passengers were taken from a line bus back to the Český Krumlov district of Pewsum.
They should wait for a ticket of the travel company.
Investigators asked the truck driver and possible witnesses to report to police.
The charges per cubic metre of waste water from October 1, 2016 for the area of waste water treatment Neudorf / Reth / Welchenkahl.
At the airport in Azendorf, the waste water charge will increase once more, if appropriate.
After an oversleeved calculation, the waste water price in Azendorf will be at 4.37 Euro per cubic meter.
As Mayor Bernd Steinhäuser (CSU) reported, the Council's approval of the budget was determined by the Kulmbach County Council that undercover covers for these waste water plants.
The Kasendorf market is subject to legal basis for a cost-free operation.
As of 1 October 2016, citizens and industrial companies from Welchschahl, Neudorf, Reth, Azendorf, Lupp, Lindenberg and Zultenberg will have to go deeper into the purse.
The fee increases are between 48 and 67 percent.
As administrative leader Herbert Schmidt revealed to the Body, a recalculation of the charges for the waste water systems of the market community was necessary.
In the period from October 2016 to September 2020, even overcover or undercover from the previous period of calculations should be compensated.
The serious redundancies made by Schmidt to ensure that there are relatively small facilities with a very low waste water treatment in all three wastewater treatment plants between 6800 and 12000 cubic metres per year.
Thus, due to the small basis of distribution, for example, expenses for the necessary repairs of thousands of euros would be serious.
In addition, waste water in all three plants is slightly decreasing.
Furthermore, in the declining period of time, all three installations have not been affected by a significant extent, not least due to their age of rehabilitation and repair.
The plant in Azendorf was nearly 30 years old, the plants for Welchschahl, Neudorf and Reth and Zultenberg, Lindenberg and Lupp almost 20 years.
Schmidt pointed out that in the Azendorf sewage plant the mechanical ventilation system had to be exchanged due to a damage.
In the Pumpwerk Welschchenkahl, for nearly 20 years, the production facilities had to be overtaken by reason, and at the Lupp forest clearing house, after nearly 20 years of operation, the first treatment pond had to be spread, the sewage sludge was disposed of and an additional ventilation facility had to be used to keep the water legal requirements in place.
Schmidt: "On these extraordinary expenses, the advanced maintenance and maintenance costs came to be taken into account in the new calculation period."
The same is true of electricity costs, which were clearly below the current level in 2011 / 2012.
Stone houses made clear that in the small waste water case in the three plants, the expenses for operation and maintenance were "fully reflected."
Said Schmidt, the market community of large-scale entertainment in the waste water sector over the past 20 years.
The situation for these plants will continue to remain fragile in the view of stonehouses, especially given that it is not possible to expand the area of the Friesenbachtal treatment area for these plants, because they are deficient.
Bulgaria hits inflation for the first time in 8 months
National statistics show that inflation in Bulgaria in July was 1% on a monthly basis.
This is the highest (since June 2012) and the first over zero since October last year, when positive 0.2% were recorded.
The annual average inflation of the past 12 months (August 2015 - July 2016) compared to the previous 12 months (August 2014 - July 2015) was measured according to CPI -0.8%.
The Consumer Price Index in July 2016 compared to June 2016 was 101.0%, i.e. monthly inflation was 1.0%.
Inflation since the start of the year (July 2016 compared to December 2015) was -0.2% and annual inflation in July 2016 compared to July 2015 -0.2%.
In July 2016, a price rise of the following categories of consumer goods was observed in July 2016: Food and non-alcoholic beverages (1.7%); transport (1.8%); recreation and culture (6.3%); restaurants and hotels (1.2%); different goods and services (0.3%).
Prices fell in clothing and shoes (2.2%); furniture, household appliances and routine maintenance (0.5%); health (0.1%).
Prices remained like in the pre-month of alcoholic beverages and tobacco; housing, water, electricity, gas and other fuels; communication; and education the same.
Snapchat "Animal" effect as Asian caricature criticised
Snapchat says this filter is anime-inspired but some observers say it is insensitive to breeds.
With its filter tool, Snapchat allows around 150 million daily users to change the reality and to play with identities in such a way that is isolated.
They can turn into an pineapple, a dog or a figure that could be made of a Roy Lichtenstein painting.
The filters are unfiltered, standalone tools that generate more than 30 million improved selections per day.
All wrongdoing comes to the public.
Snapchat filters have been criticized in the past, in which they were accused of promoting the app Blackface or propelled white skin as a beauty sideal.
When it was this week that some users suggested a filter, which gave rise to dark teeth, false teeth and dark cheeks, some critics called a racist caricature of Asians.
They wondered if these repeated controversies were pointing to a larger problem that the company has with diversity.
The news and outrage were widely circulated Wednesday, with reports from The Verge and Motherboard, a day after Snapchat shared that it would have deactivated the feature.
The company offered an apology: The filter was thought to be a homage to animme characters and not as a caricature of Asians.
But outsiders who have experienced raciousness reminded the filter of vulnerable cliches.
Others rejected the anime comparison.
In an email wrote Grace Sparapani, a Korean-American art student whose tweet on the photos was widely shared, that the filter was "vulnerable and to be found to be uncomfortable."
She added that "it is difficult to argue with the counter-performance of a very contradictory Asian caricature and the filter effects.
It shows that the filter is not yellow-proof, but that it has been pulled into the abyss.
Snapchat is not the only company to cross this cultural stumbling block.
American culture seems to be involved in an endless diversity of diversity and integration, from conference rooms to Hollywood and the devices that we all keep in hand.
And Snapchat's big audience of young people - who are different in terms of race than their older counterparts - could be more likely to expect sensitivity.
If one of Snapchat's filters creates an image that is offensive to a user, "this is much more difficult for such things to stay unnoticed than was previously the case," the 25-year-old Katie Zhu said in an interview on Thursday.
On Thursday, Zhu, who works as a product manager and engineer for medium, decided to delete her Snapchat account, asking others to do the same.
In an essay for medium and in a phone interview, she said that she believes that rabid-related controversies reflect a lack of diversity in recruitment practices at Snapchat.
Zhu criticized the largely white, only male leader and ended their essay with a hashtag: # DeletSnapchat.
"Either they have no different representation of people with other skin colours in their workforce so that they can make such decisions," said the chinese-American Zhu, "or they have people with other skin colors that work there, but are not in positions in which they feel safe or well to say what."
Others share their opinion, a complaint that Snapchat has largely left unanswered.
The company publishes no figures for the diversity of its workforce and points to its status as a private company.
On Thursday, Snapchat declined to discuss the cultural backgrounds of its staff, but, according to a spokesperson, the company recently hired staff responsible for focusing on underrepresented populations and on internal integration efforts.
Zhu said, for its part, that she will leave her Snapchat account closed and added, "I wonder if they need more users like us to say that is not O.K.."
Military leadership falsifies ISIS intelligence information, unveiling committee of Congress
Military personnel of the United States Central Command changed intelligence information to mark a more optimistic image of the war against the so-called Islamic State in Iraq and Syria than it could have allowed the actual conditions on the ground, reported a committee of inquiry in a report on Thursday.
The preliminary report, created by a Task Force of the Republican members of the Armed Forces Committee, intelligence agencies, and military-related communications, reports from great discontent among Central Command intelligence analysts who reported how preliminary their assessments of the American effort changed in the fight against Islamic State.
The Central Command, briefly Cencom, is the military headquarters in Tampa, Florida, which controls American military operations in the Middle East and Central Asia.
"Intelligence-based information, which was typically inspired by high-level CENTCOM commanders, regularly recorded a more positive image of the American efforts against terrorism than the actual conditions on the ground and were generally more positive than analyses of other intelligence services," a newspaper article quoted the report.
"What happened to CENTCOM is unacceptable - our soldiers are suffering when bad analyses are presented to our political leaders," said Ken Calvert, a Republican member of the House of Representatives.
The management errors in CENTCOM range up to the top of the organization.
The 10-page report reveals detailed problems in 2014 and 2015 in the descriptions and analyses of American efforts in training Iraqi forces.
While there is no direct evidence that government posts under Obama have given instructions to change the reports, it shows how analysts have faced pressure from their predisposition to draw a more optimistic picture of the Islamic State's threat, also known as ISIS or ISIL.
"During the first half of 2015, many Central Command press releases, opinions and statements before Congress were significantly more positive than the facts" set out the report.
For example, a CENTCOM member publicly disclosed that a military reconquest of Mossuls could start in April or May 2015.
Mossul, the second largest city in Iraq, remains under the control of the Islamic State.
"After months of investigations, so much is clear." Said Mike Pompeo, Republican congressman from Kansas, in an opinion.
From the middle of 2014 to mid-2015, the Central Command's peaks changed the intelligence reports to downplay the danger through ISIS in Iraq.
The Republicans called the Task Force into life after being attributed to analysts "concerns about the manipulation of reports to the Islamic State.
The report published on Thursday will be completed by more detailed findings while the investigation will continue.
In addition, further investigations by the CENTCOM reports by the Ministry of Defence's Advocate General are under way.
Democratic members of the intelligence committee published their own findings on Thursday, which agreed with some of the Republican Task Force's conclusions.
"In the years of 2014 and 2015, CENTCOM created an overly limited process for the establishment of intelligence assessments to ISIL and Iraqi security services," said the highest-level democrat in the Chamber, member of the House of Representatives Adam B. Schiff, in an opinion.
That process, Mr. Schiff, "delayed the release of intelligence reports," damaged the morality among analysts and "gave overly little room for dissent."
But Mr. Schiff and the Democrats gave no indication of the White House's intervention in the CENTCOM analysts about a "certain political opinion."
Preliminary results of the congressional inquiry were published Tuesday by "The Daily Beast."
Last August, the New York Times reported investigations by the Pentagon's general inspector, which were taken after complaints from CENTCOM analysts.
Lt. Cmdr Patrick Evans, a spokesman for the Pentagon, admitted in an opinion that the Ministry of Defence would not comment on congressional reports, while the Chief Inspector's investigation is still under way.
But he also admitted that "experts sometimes have different opinions about the interpretation of complex data, and that the intelligence services and the Ministry of Defence welcome a controversial discussion of these important issues of national defense."
The investigations have backlash over the issue of a successful air campaign under American leadership in Iraq and Syria (an allegation that is now being made by a growing number of defence ministry members).
But last year's accusations have raised the question of how President Obama can rely on the Central Command for honest assessments of military operations in Iraq, Afghanistan, Libya, and other crisis regions.
The criticism of obedience information about the Islamic State is reminiscent of disobedience of more than ten years ago, when a CENTCOM analyst, Gregory Hooker, wrote a piece of paper about how the then-government under George W. Bush, contrary to the recommendations of many analysts, foreshadowed only a small occupying force in Iraq and had little time to think about the consequences of the 2003 invasion.
Mr. Hooker also played a key role in the uprising against the current coverage of the Islamic State.
Last year, the team set up Mr. Hooker, according to government agencies, that, contrary to the government's statements against the Islamic State-held refineries, no significant impact on the terrorist group's financial position would have been in place, as these tentative refineries would have taken place to sell oil on the black market.
That finding, however, was not published, reported the Times in September.
Centcoms, Gen. Lloyd J. Austin III, was criticised by members of the legislature for his overly positive assessment of the war situation at a hearing before the Senate.
General Austin went to retirement in April and was replaced by Gen. Joseph L. Votel.
The US wins fourth match in women's field hockey, a showdown with Britain faces
One day after she had shot three gates during a six-1 victory over Japan, Katie Bam also made the first two gates for the women's field-hopping team in a match on Thursday against India that Americans won 3-0.
Five goals in two games should actually be a memorable achievement, but Bam (27) said she could not remember that ever.
"I have no idea," she said.
I am not one of the people who kept their doors in mind.
But they know: The Americans are at 4-0 in the Olympic race, and they are in their group with the Britons on the first place, which remain unbeaten after their 2-0 victory against Japan.
Britain and the United States will meet in the final round of the first round on Saturday.
Both teams have already qualified for the quarter-finals, the game will decide which of the two teams will win the first and second place.
The first burst will be a little longer off the road that will lead the other group.
Whatever the game on Saturday, the Americans have caused a surprise agony, four years after they landed at the last London Games on the last of 12 seats.
BAM was part of this team.
She grew up in Blue Bell, Pennsylvania on, and had the first time with three years a hockey sleigh in hands (her two older sisters played the sport at the Drexel University), with 16 years she became a national player in the US, the youngest in the team's history.
She missed the Olympics in 2008 as she couldn't qualify for the box.
Then came the year 2012, where she and her team went wrong.
The following year, Craig Parnham, an Englishman, coach of the national team and thus began to turn things to better.
"A cultural change, a mental change and a physical change," said Bam.
We did not have the working sum in London that we now have.
We have been able to take the helm completely.
On Thursday night, Bam opened the torrents in the first half of the game with a backlash from the close range.
India had gone into the game without a win in the tournament, but the team showed surprisingly tough and held the game from 1-0 to the third quarter until Bam took the game into her hands.
She performed a sprint with the flat ball over the left flank, then moved into the middle and invited the ball to give the Americans a 2-0 lead.
Melissa Gonzalez made the final gate in the middle of the last quarter.
The Shutout was the first of all of the tournament for the United States, Jackie Briggs, which has so far had a gate in each of the previous games.
She's got a run.
Just like Bam.
"We're in a good position," said Parnham, but how well will depend on the outcome of the next game on Saturday.
Amid the rise of the Olympic Games, the Zen of the trampoline
Wherever you are, as late as it is, it is the Olympics.
The events in Rio de Janeiro feel constant and inescapable, a place of pride between competition and ambition.
It is as if the Olympic torch itself is a burning stab, which is used by the bracing protection to the turner to the triathlon.
You can't switch to the TV, read a newspaper or listen to your neighbour's conversation in the caffeshop, without listening to Simone Biles, Katie Leckenny or the dispute between Michael Phelps and Chad le Clos.
And then there's Logan Dooley.
Dooley, who, for the first time at the Olympics and a women's black girl, would have been able to be among those well-known names sent to the Prime Time, built by sponsors and charity TV advertising if he would be a swimsuit, Turner or even fiery.
But Dooley, 28, from Lake Forrest, California, is fighting for gold in the Olympic trampoline.
The Olympic flame does not illuminate any event.
Further from the center, partly in the shadows are the sports that are not universally accepted: Air pist shooting, archery, badminton, taekwondo.
We will always have the breast swimming and will continue to be there for a long time.
But if I should modestly make arguments for my particular love, let me draw attention to the discreet charm of the trampoline.
Although the trampoline jump has been an Olympic event since 2000, when it was his debut in Sydney, the last 16 years have been so embarrassed that many people, I asked, did not know that it is an Olympic sport at all.
That could also be regional ignorance.
Although the US sent athletes to compete, it has never won a medal in the trampoline game and have had an athlete until 2012, who has won it to the final.
The Chinese and the Russians tend to share prices for the men and the Chinese and the Canadians people to share for the women.
Dong Dong from China and Rosie MacLennan from Canada will defend their gold medal from London this year.
The trampoline jump has a certain exterior charm, partly because it suits the unenlightened ear for a clown school than the one for the Olympics.
At this point, I should admit that I am not an expert, but only a born enthusiast.
It has humoristic potential - the cartoonist of his never-ending stir - but also the grace of the tournament and diving, the two sports that are essentially united.
The word "trampoin" comes from the Spanish El Trampolin, which means so much like "springboard."
Aspiring victors jump on a giant trampoline, shoot almost to 30 feet in the air and have to face a number of falling movements (turning, hay and saltos) before landing on the feet.
They are assessed according to the official Olympic programme of execution, level of difficulty and "flight time."
Two-time athletes from 17 countries, 16 men and 16 women, will compete against each other in Rio.
The most common Olympic vector is straight.
Medal hoping must continue in their quest for gold, faster, up to the top and down, sometimes to the goal, sometimes to and back, to the top and bottom of the playground.
They don't just hunt down the finishing line or the starting point, but also in the television broadcast, another hitch goal: The world or the Olympics.
The purposeful pursuit is noble, admirable, even fanatical - and it is enough to even stir a spectator.
But it is also what I think of these games as something else.
The trampoline offers a breathing space.
The vector of the trampoline is above.
A forward movement is not the goal.
He or she prallt from, seemingly heavy as an astronaut, goes up, then downwards, then effortlessly again.
Here too, there is competition, of course not without difficulty, but during the exercise there is no hectic attack on the goal, no wolves in the distance, only the dreamy, elegant lifting of time and gravity.
It is like competition in the Olympics.
The women's skills and endowments will take place on Friday afternoon, in streaming around 13.00 Eastern Time; those of men on Saturday, also around 13.00.
NBC will broadcast the final hours as part of an afternoon block from 14.00.
Amid the Olympic mania, they promise a quiet, nice moment, one that is likely to be overlooked in general tumbling.
If the raising of consciousness can only be achieved by the anxiety and the objectification of male athletes - as the male US Turner loudly suggested to the The Wall Street Journal - then Mr Dooley expects his new fan.
"A generation protest" in Ethiopia, Long an ally of the US
Violent protests in Ethiopia
Protesters calling for political change in Ethiopia were at odds with the government's violent resistance.
Witnesses say tens of protesters were killed during clashes with police at gunpoint.
Is Ethiopia breaking together?
Over the past decade, it has been one of Africa's most stable countries, a solid ally of the West with a rapidly growing economy.
But over the past few months, protests against the government rallied over the country and spread to more and more areas.
Last week thousands of people stormed onto the streets and demanded fundamental political change.
According to human rights organisations, the government's response has been unmerciless.
Witnesses said police had shot and killed on tens of unarmed demonstrators.
The videos that are circulating about the protests, which are probably the last or earlier this year, show how security people beat young people while they were forced to take a stand against a wall.
The head of the UN Department for Human Rights now calls for an in-depth investigation.
"It has always been difficult to keep this country together and in the future it will become even more difficult," said Rashid Abdi, the leader of the Horn of Africa of the International Crisis Group, a research group.
Ethiopia is the most populated country in Africa and its stability is estimated by the West.
American military and intelligence services are working closely with the Ethiopians to combat terror threats beyond the region, particularly in Somalia, and only a few countries in Africa, if all, receive so much Western aid.
Ethiopia's economy expanded at a remarkable pace.
Its infrastructure has dramatically improved - there is a new commuter train in the capital Addis Ababa.
The streets are usually quiet, safe and clean.
While Ethiopia was far from being a model for democracy - human rights organisations have continued to press the government's repression - the opposition in the country has been constrained, with dissidents effectively silenced.
Many were sent to exile or in jail, killed or driven to the walls of the desert.
But that could change.
"If you suppress people and those none other options have to protest, it breaks out," said Seyoum Teshome, a lecturer in central Ethiopia.
The whole of the youth is protesting.
A generation is protesting.
There are numerous complaints that cover everything from ground use to the stranglehold of the ruling coalition.
After a widely criticized election last year, the ruling party and its allies received the last seat of the opposition and now control 100% of parliament.
At the same time, tensions along the border with Eritrea rise; a fight for this zacky, disputed line called for hundreds of lives in June.
Analysts fear that separatists such as the Oromo Liberation Front or the Ogades National Liberation Front, which in recent years have been forced more or less, would exploit the turmoil and could be armed again.
Several factors explain why feelings of seclusion are now exploding under the surface in the face of years.
The first seems harmless: Smartphones.
Only in the last few years have many Ethiopians been able to communicate through social media, as cheaper smartphones have become increasingly common, and improved Internet services.
Even if the government is blocking access to Facebook and Twitter, which she does at regular intervals, especially at protests, many people still can communicate about Internet proxies hiding where they are.
Several young Ethiopians said they gathered so to protests.
The second factor is that there is more solidarity between the Oromos and Amharas, the two largest ethnicities in Ethiopia.
The Oromos and Amharas are not natural enemies.
Since Aronas, the amharas, which come from an ethnic majority of the Christian Highlands, in the politics and the economy, while exploiting the Oromos, many of which are Muslim and live in lowlands.
But that too is changing.
"We are here to coordinate under one umbrella," said Mulasu Gemechu, a leader of the Oromos.
The biggest protests took place in areas of the Amhara and Oromos.
Many Amharas and Oromos have the feeling that Ethiopia is unfairly dominated by members of the ethnic group of the Tigridge, which account for about 6 percent of the population and are dominant in the military, the intelligence services, trade and politics.
The third reason for the unrest is the death of Meles Zenawi.
Mr Meles, a former rebel leader, was until his death in an unpublicised disease in 2012 17 years of Ethiopia's prime minister.
He was seen as a tactical genius, a man who could think corners.
Analysts say he was particularly averse to perceive early signs of dissatisfaction and use special agents to handle opponents and make them unharmed.
"The current regime lacks this fundamental skill," said Mr Abdi, a conflict analyst.
Ethiopia's new prime minister, Hailemariam Desalegn, was chosen for relatively opaque reasons to take the position of Mr Meles.
Unlike Mr Meles, who came from the Tigray region of northern Ethiopia, Mr Hailemariam arrives south.
Analysts say he doesn't enjoy the trust of the security services controlled by the Tigray.
Many fear the result will be more bloodshed.
The last time that Ethiopia experienced such a stir was in 2005, after thousands of elections protested, apparently concealed by the government and subsequently stolen.
During the ensuing razor, many protesters were killed, even if they were less than in the last few months, and that time the riots went relatively quickly.
Development experts praised Ethiopia's leaders for their visionary infrastructure planning, such as the new commuter train, as well as their measurable progress in fighting poverty.
But obviously this has not prevented the deepening of the Ethiopian Government's internal misfortunes.
And it takes a dangerous ethnic form.
Last month, protesters in Gondar, an amorphous city, from Tigray's run, and the hate to the Tigrray are becoming more common in social media.
Analysts say the protests bring the US and other Western allies into a peculiar position.
The American government used Ethiopia as a base for dronenflights over the neighbouring Somalia, even though it recently shared that it has closed this base.
While the West clearly wants to support democracy, he does not want his ally to collapse in an already volatile area.
"This," Mr Abdi said, "is a very thin grass drain."
Donald Trump explains his claim Obama had established ISIS was "sarcasm"
Donald J. Trump sought to dispel the last controversy on Friday that surrounds his campaign by admitting that his repeatedly repeated claim that President Obama and Hillary Clinton would be the "founder" of the Islamic State's terrorist group would not be taken seriously.
This clarification raised new questions about the communications capabilities of the Republican presidential candidate, whether he was able to communicate clearly and understand with the American public.
It also brings together his fellow combatants, who are trying to protect him during an eventful period, in the peculiar position of declaring statements that he could not mean.
Having made the suggestion at a campaign event on Wednesday night, Mr. Trump reversed in relation to the claim on Thursday and insisted in interviews that he really did not intend to suggest the president and Mrs. Clinton would have created ISIS.
But in an early morning tweet on Friday, Mr. Trump said he was simply sarcastic.
The tweet was the contrast to the previous day, at which Mr. Trump said in a series of interviews that he thought the accusation was entirely serious.
When the conservative Radomoderator Hugh Hewitt Mr. Hewitt Mr. Trump wanted to help to weaken the statement by reminding him that Mr. Obama wants to destroy ISIS, the Republican presidential nominee wanted nothing of it.
The last storm of criticism is based on Mr. Trump, while he tries to steer the focus of his campaign on the economic situation because of falling demand.
Mr. Trump and Mrs. Clinton held speeches on the economic situation in Michigan this week.
On Friday, Mr. Trump tried again to return to this issue.
On Twitter, he warned that Mrs. Clinton's proposals would lead to higher taxes and that he found her speech boring.
Mr. Trump has already raised Sarkasmus to his defense.
At the end of July, he drew strong criticism when he thought the Russians should hack Mrs. Clinton's emails, but he later declared "Natürlich meant the sarcastic."
This method allows Mr. Trump to postpone the linguistic boundaries in politics and then return to change.
"I think it's one of his methods to test how certain messages are taken by his fans as they arrive, and then, if necessary," said Ruth Sherman, a communications expert who observes the language of both candidates.
However, I also believe that he is clever enough to keep his statements vague enough so that they can be interpreted in various ways.
Rather than defuse the tone for the presidential election, Mr. Trump has adopted an even more senior tone, as his poll values have continued to decline.
A new poll by NBC / Wall Street Journal / Marist, released Friday, showed a lead with great lead in the states North Carolina, Virginia, Colorado and a head-in-head race in Florida.
While Mr. Trump is generally trying not to apologize for his provocative statements, he often accused his critics of distorting his statements or misunderstand his humour.
But while he is stepping up in the focus of attention in recent months of his presidential campaign, Mr. Trump's henchmen have brought his loyal fellow protesters into the uncomfortable situation to face him, regardless of how provocative his statements may be.
Rudolph W. Giuliani, former mayor of New York and one of Trump's most prominent principals, gave a great deal of trouble to the candidate today in a CNN interview from Thursday.
"I believe in what he says legitimate, political comments" said Mr. Giuliani was questioned about the accuracy of Mr. Trump's statements, whether Mr. Obama and Mrs. Clinton had set up the Islamic State.
In this sense, it is true that before Obama ISIS was an almost unknown, small organization, he called them backbenches, utterly wrong and therefore it happened because he withdrew the troops from Iraq.
Most mainstream Republicans try to argue that the government under Obama, in which Mrs. Clinton served as the Secretary of State, allowed ISIS to spread out by making it more aggressive in the Middle East.
Ahead of the campaign events in Pennsylvania on Friday, Mr. Trump continued his attacks on the media and threw them up on each of his words and being biased against him.
He exited the "poor, jemmerious" television experts who try to understand him and said, "You can't it!"
Some of the Democrats spotted Mr. Trump's apology as just another proof that he was unfit for the presidency.
Once squeezed over price from the market, comes cafe in Greenpoint
The staff were very friendly and helpful.
Of course, prices from his Bedford Avenue Ladies Front have been squeezed out.
The business Soap Cherie, the verb, invented in the summer of 2014, sold soap in the form of cupcakes.
Indigenous mourned it as the last loss in a gentrified city.
The artist Molly Crabapple wrote on Twitter, "I know New York is changing, but I still cannot believe that CBGB is dead, the Chelsea Hotel except and Verb is now a soap business."
But if New York is changing, then it's also reinvention.
A revived verb Cafe opened last November in Greenpoint, less than a mile north from its original location.
The new verb has Wi-Fi and accepts credit cards, but still has some of the same staff and a similarly narrow atmosphere.
The coffee is still good.
The new owner of the verb is Cisco Rodriguez, a longtime employee of the old cafe, owner and manager of the new cafe.
He started working in 2001 and stayed there until the end.
When he offered a client to provide money for a new outlet, he was excited to do it, he said.
Rodriguez, 36, spared a great deal.
Verb used the same distributor for the badge bought the same espresso model.
It even uses the same lamps from the old verb.
But Rodriguez said he also wanted to experiment.
He introduced new ingredients.
On the menu are sandwiches with bacon and cheese and there are garnings like captains and sauted onions.
There are nature-making.
The café serves no more beer, there are fresh juices.
After nine months, Rodriguez said he had noticed a steady stream of old regular customers.
"Many old customers have also been driven by prices from Williamsburg," he said.
Recently on one Sunday, Rebecca Oliveira was such a customer.
Oliveira, 34, lived in Williamsburg earlier.
Even after she was pulled to Greenpoint, she would take the path.
After the verb had closed, they gave up the coffee rings a while, she said.
"I became clear that it was in the coffee and in the culture in the verb that I liked," she said.
Now she's drinking again coffee, even if she ordered a pencil Chai Tea on that day instead of her usual Iced Caffee.
Tom Rosenthal has been another longtime and loyal customer since the beginning of the verb in 2003.
He went there before the job and always ordered him to die.
"I came out of quarter after seven, every day, like a Swiss pocket clock and they prepare my Everything Bagel with butter," he said.
Photo Rodriguez said he wanted to experiment and include new ingredients in the menu.
Nowadays, Rosenthal still gets his usual order, but sometimes he changes his Everything Bagel with bacon, egg and cheese.
Rodriguez said he did not agree that the soap business has taken the old business room.
In fact, the owner of the Soap Cherie offered a special soap for verb with the coffee of coffee as a ingredient.
"I think we're going to go back to their offer," Rodriguez said.
And the traditional Polish residents of Greenpoints have also accepted the cafe.
A new customer has translated the menu into the Polish and Rodriguez said he had pretending to put it soon so that his new neighbours feel welcome.
The location also has further advantages.
A local juice locally wants to fill and sell cold-fried coffee.
There is a chance that the cafe will expand to a neighbouring building.
For many customers, a new verb is enough to get their old favourites.
Joseph Witt was tribal and said he was destroyed on the ground when the cafe closed.
When the new cafe opened, Whitt said that the subject of the locomotive and the bearer was feeling a new coffee as a home return.
"I had to smell that," he said.
The depressing food of the economic crisis in "a plentiful meal"
In March 1933, shortly after his ascent to the president, Franklin Delano Roosevelt took his lunch in the Oval Office.
As a gourmets, President Roosevelt had a facile for refined delicatessen of Fifth Avenue like Pâte de fosie gras and Maryland Wassschlusdze.
His menu on that day was slightly more modest: Stuffed eggs in tomato sauce, potato peree and as dessert a plank pudding.
"It was an act of culinary solidarity with leaning people," Jane Ziegelman said.
Her husband Andrew Cue added, "It was also a message to Americans how they should eat."
The couple live in Brooklyn Heights and are both food historians.
Coes last book "Tritate Suey" was made by Chinese cuisine in the US, while Ziegelman was told in her book "97 Orchard" about life in a residential house at the Lower East Side from the food perspective.
Her latest collaboration, "A decent meal," which will appear in the Harper publisher on Tuesday, illustrates the story of American cuisine during the Great Depression.
They showed culinary solidarity when they met with a reporter in the Eisenberg's Sandwich Shop for dinner, a small, snowy-like snack at the Flatiron District, which has been in business since the stock market crash in 1929.
Ziegelman, 54, ordered a fresh cheese sandwich with olive beans, while Coe, 57, turtle with potato peel and vegetable mixture.
When the reporter ordered Hackrates, this found the pair fit for a discussion about eating in the era of the Great Depression.
"Rich food was very popular," said Ziegelman.
There was groundbread, liver cheese and bread.
They were made of a ingredient and something cheaper that stretched the ingredient.
Imagine so many of the things they eat as dinners.
Cue grinste.
"It has to be in the stomach like lead," he said.
In the years before the Great Depression, the table was in an American household, especially in rural areas, an all-you-Can-eat buffet.
Teams of women cooks for male fellows and it was served freshly baked pasta for breakfast, lunch and dinner.
The Americans sent food to hungry Europeans during the first war.
"It was a time when eating for Americans became a central, tense theme," said Cue, why he and his wife wanted to write about it.
The new budget diet was just as tense: Mysterious foods such as bread and caskerolen were made to be used as a staple ingredient, the caskeroles as a "wonderful way to recover," said Ziegelman, as chefs were able to hide unappetizing ingredients under a creamy sauce.
Fresh fruit was replaced by cheaper dry fruit.
Meat, which has been the focus of American cuisine for years, became a rare serving luxury.
Strange mixtures have been tried, as a calorie rich and nutritious satisfaction had priority over flavour or even healthy cuisine.
During her search for the book, which also includes recipes, Ziegelman prepared a court dating from this era, baked onions with earthbuds.
"It wasn't a popular addition to lunch," says Coe.
Ziegelmann continues: "It was surreal."
Earthbuds and baked onions do not fit each other.
It was typical for many of the housekeeping recipes.
As never before or since then, fiscal economists - including Louise Stanley, head of the Federal Bureau of Home Economics between 1923 to 1943 - fueled the country's eating habits.
By publishing recipes and articles in newspapers and magazines, they encouraged women to become "budgetary politicians" and to respond to the challenge of turning pampes like creamy spaghetti with carrots into delicious meals.
"A Square Meal" is a festival of historic Lectures.
In particular, the reports on the government's response to starving citizens are tasty, as President Herbert Hoover's laughter-eating attitude.
While he publicly praised the simple Iowa farmhouse of his kitchen, he feeds like the millionaire man of the world to which he has become.
"He mocks Continental cuisine like fish with cucumber," Coe said.
He sat in an almost bursting dining room and wore a smoking.
He was wonderfully alien.
President Roosevelt might have made the same mistake if not his wife Eleanor had asked him to declare an expel.
As described in the book, the Antheus of a housekeeper with no interest in flavours by Mrs Roosevelt said that the White House produced the most boring meal in Washington, but also one of the most expensive. "
Many of the species from the era of the Great Depression, dealing with eating, was discarded once the country came back to the legs.
The legacy lies on our continued focus on calories and food, said Ziegelman, as well as how science was applied to food.
The couple gave birth to the eating habits of Ziegelmans Sheriff's mother, for example as she couldn't throw away food.
"She had a real fear of wasting food," Coe said.
Ziegelman recalled: "You actually made people sick."
There was the windfall.
After the Teller was cleared at Eisenberg's disposal, she and Coe found a dessert that they had prepared at home: The plumber, the President Roosevelt took to lunch.
"It's going to be called Prune Whip," said Ziegelman and added that it was a usual trick to miss modest recipes.
There were no slaughtered cream, only plums, something flour, sugar, water and cinnamon.
Everyone exchanged something reluctantly a spoon in the tweeted, brown Glibber.
Amazingly, it did not taste bad.
Coe caught up three times a night.
As a Can-Do budget keeper said to his wife, "A few hacked walnuts would help."
Dead at bombs attack: He was the hero of Aleppo
He put his own life at risk of helping others: Khaled Omar.
He was the hero of Aleppo: Khaled Omar devoted his life to the people in Syria.
He risked everything to save others.
Now the 30-year-old has died in an Assad regime's assaults attack.
Omar was a member of the White Helmets, a civil protection group which, according to the Bild newspaper so far, saved nearly 60,000 people.
2900 volunteers put their own lives at risk to attract people from broken houses and to provide first aid in the war area.
They are the heroes of the war in Syria.
Omar was the group's face: A video of the civil protector that showed him at an 11-hour rescue of a baby out of the rubble of a house, walked around the world in 2014.
It made the Syrians a shining symbol of the war.
As a hero, however, he has never seen himself, saying "for me that's the real jihad."
"When I'm dying to save life, I think God sees me a martyr."
Just before Omar himself fell victim, he had spoken in a video about the last bombing raids in Syria.
The helicopter rescued four assaults over the Altadia district, one was filled with chlorine gas.
A woman and two children died, seven people suffer from breath.
"We are now eliminating the toxic remains of the bomb, so that they do not play children," the picture quoted his last words before he died.
The Assad regime's deadly bomb had to hit terrorists.
Greenland shark: The oldest cyclist is nearly 400 years old
Rare sight.
Greenland sharks mostly come to the surface in winter.
This shark was allowed back to the sea following an investigation aboard the Sanna research vessel.
He was born in 1624 and was floating a 1 km / h through the North Atlantic - to this day.
Greenland sharks only get back to 150 years.
In the middle of the North Atlantic, in an hour, it is only 1,220 meters long.
Only when it comes to speed, the five-metre-long animal speeds up to satch 2.6 km / h - and is half as fast as a seal.
However, this style of longevity seems to be a recipe for a high age.
Julius Nielsen from the University of Copenhagen and his colleagues report in the journal "Science" in any case by a Greenland shark that could be 392 years old.
"Madness," commented Alexander Schemmelein from the Max Planck Institute for demographic research in Rostock, which means a world record for vertebrate animals.
While the evolutionary biologist suspected that Greenland sharks become stealing.
Only the evidence failed.
Greenland sharks are hard to observe, after all, they live in the icesea above the sparsely populated coasts of Canada, Greenland, Norway and Spitsbergen.
Because they prefer water temperatures around the six degrees Celsius, they usually appear on the surface only in winter.
Researchers know little about the lifestyle of the Greenland sharks.
Her pace of timing, when they announced six animals with a station before Spitsbergen-altitude peaks.
Prey to this sharks nonetheless: In the stomach of an animal, researchers found the remains of a seal, another had adorned the jaw bone of a young polar bear.
They may hunt sleeping animals or patrol on the grounds of the icemether and seek cadavers, which are down from higher water threats downwards.
Julius Nielsen and his colleagues now investigated 28 Greenland sharks, fishermen between 2010 and 2013 in front of Greenland or Spitsbergen as a lead from the depths of the North Atlantic.
The smallest shark was just 81 centimetres long, while the biggest 502 centimetre was measured.
To identify the age of the animals, they analyzed the life of sharks with the carbon 14 method.
This center of the eye line already emerges before the birth of the sharks, the proteins contained therein are not renewed later.
The two smallest sharks had fallen down a lot of carbon-14 in the lens.
Her birth should therefore be after the early 1960s, when nuclear weapons were experimenting with larger quantities of this radioactive carbon in the atmosphere.
In the third-smallest animal of 220 centimetres in length, the Linsect, on the other hand, included a small surplus of carbon-14 from the nuclear weapons trials, which is expected to celebrate its 50th anniversary in 2012.
All the larger Greenland sharks, by contrast, had normal carbon-14 volumes in their lens, resulting from cosmic radiation in the atmosphere.
In fact, the carbon-14-clock showed for a 493 centimeter long Greenland shark an age of 335, while the record shark with 502 centimetres was likely to be 392 years old.
That Greenland shark whites only get offspring when they are longer than four metres was known.
Now researchers were able to assign an age.
As one of the animals with 392 centimetres is arguably on the threshold of gender maturity, and its age was determined by 156 years, it is obvious that Greenland sharks, with the multiplication, are leaving at least one and a half centuries.
This is also likely to be world record for vertebrates.
That such meteoraleme is mostly living in icy waters is no accident.
Even the previous record holder, a 211-year-old Greenland whale, in whose bacon at Nocks a 120-year-old Harpunt tip, was caught in front of Alaska.
Due to the low temperatures, the animal's body often runs on a flat.
So they mature later - and ageing slower.
In order to stay warm in cold water, the animals are often particularly large.
Because the volume grows much faster than its surface, by which the animal loses heat.
The heat loss of a gram of mouse is therefore much larger than a gram elephant.
Another advantage: They have fewer enemies.
"A smaller animal lives more dangerous and should concentrate on having as many offspring as possible," explains the evolutionary biologist.
A very large animal should instead invest its resources in a long life.
Construction ground in double pack
At the recent meeting, the Council focused on issues surrounding buildings.
With relief, the panel adopted the announcement by Mayor Robert Putz that "finally, the marketing of recently designated residential areas can begin."
After settling the plots of land, parenting and finishing points and the applications for surveying, the sale of the plots in the residential areas "road path" and "Schönau-West" (Binderstraße - Section 1) to interested parties is nothing more.
The community centre is convinced that the bunches in the rural and quiet residential community of Schönau are also addressing young families and senior citizens.
As it was said, builders can immediately report to the town hall, over the awarding of the plots, the common council is expected to discuss in its September meeting.
In order to be able to respond to requests for further business activity, linked to job creation, the Community Council decided to amend the set-aside plan only in the spring of this year.
For example, in the area of sub-timescales, the designated industrial area is expanded to include two parts of the road 2112.
Frankfurt benefits from Brexit
The City of the Main, therefore, in competition with Paris, Dublin and Luxembourg, has the best chance of attracting from London's jobs and companies.
"It is very likely that Frankfurt is most likely to benefit from the Brexit vote," says Michael Voigtländer, head of the sphere of the financial markets and real estate markets of the IW.
After the Brexit referendum, it is uncertain whether financial firms should continue to operate from London from financial transactions across the EU.
For the so-called EU passport, they are now available in Britain.
These are just large US banks.
Several banks have already announced to relocate jobs.
The "Frankfurt Main Finance" lobby covers the next five years with a total of 10000 new jobs.
For Frankfurt, the IW, it is the seat of the European Central Bank (ECB), which combines responsibility for monetary policy and oversight of the eurozone's largest banks, as well as other important authorities such as the EIOPA and the ESRB.
In Paris, the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD), although it has its headquarters, is less important for the financial industry than the ECB.
"Proximity to the central bank is important for banks, as they can communicate so directly with oversight," says IW professor Voigtländer.
Luxembourg is home to a large fund industry, but as well as Dublin infrastructure.
Frankfurt is easily accessible thanks to the large airport.
In addition, the city with easily available commercial properties.
"In Paris, it's not so easy to find free high-quality offices," says Voigtlaender.
In addition, in the Seine, rents for first-class commercial goods are 50% higher than on the Main.
Furthermore, Frankfurt offers a higher quality of life than the competition thanks to good medical care and infrastructure and less crime.
In a ranking of the company's consultancy Mercer, the city is ranked seven, Luxembourg on Square 19, Dublin on Place 33 and Paris at 37.
Although quality of life is a matter of preferences: "With its already strong position as a financial base for the European internal market, Frankfurt could attract further banks and investors," says the IW.
But, despite Brexit's vote, London will remain the main financial centre in Europe, my economic researchers.
According to the figures of the Landesbank Helaba, around 144,000 people in the banking sector worked in London in late 2015.
Gilead receives legal expenses from hepatitis C patent dispute with Merck
A U.S. judge ruled that Gilead Sciences Inc is entitled to a refund of the legal expenses arising from the hepatitis C dispute with the pharmaceutical company Merck & Co Inc.
In June, Gilead was freed from a compensation payment amounting to $200 million for the injury of two patents of Merck, which was related to the blockbuster drugs Sovaldi and Harvoni by Gilead, after a U.S. judge revealed a pattern of wrongdoing on the part of Mercks, including the Meineides and other unethical acts.
When collecting the lawsuit on Thursday, U.S. President Beth Labson Freeman said Gilead was entitled to charge the cost that emerged during the case of the case.
Merck tries to equalise with Gilead, which dominates the market of a new generation of Hepatitis C drugs that can cure more than 90 percent of patients with liver disease.
The case goes back to 2013 when Gilead and Merck signed up to each other and property on laboratory work, which was based on Sopsbuvir's underlying content, the active ingredient in the drugs of Gilead.
U.S. backed troops say they have regained full control over Manbij from Islamic State
The US-backed troops have taken full control of the northern city of Manbij near the Turkish border, after the last ISIS fighters in the city have left them, said a spokesman for the group on Friday.
The Democratic Forces Syria (DKS) rushed to the city after the outcry of the still remaining group of fighters buried within the city.
They have freed more than 2,000 civilians held hostage by fighters, shared by Sharfan Darwish of the Manbij military rat of Reuters, allied with the DKS.
"The city is now under perfect control, but we are currently carrying out insurrection work," he told Reuters.
Clinton earns 10.75 million in 2015 and figures 34.2% federal taxes
Hillary Clinton released her tax returns for 2015 on Friday, which found a $10.75 million income of $10.75 million and an effective federal tax rate of 34.2%.
In 2015, Clinton donated $1 million for charitable purposes, mainly to the Clinton Foundation; former President Bill Clinton generated nearly $5.3 million in redeonoraries; the former secretary of State gave an income of USD 3 million from the publisher Simon & Schuster for her book about her tenure at the Foreign Ministry.
Clinton's candidate for the vice-president, Senator Tim Kaine from Virginia, shared his tax returns over the past decade with his wife Anne Holton.
They paid an effective federal tax rate of 20.3% in 2015.
"Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine continue to set standards in terms of financial transparency," Clinton's campaign manager Jennifer Palmieri announced in an opinion.
In a stark contrast, Donald Trump is hiding behind false excuses and backbenchers on his previous promises to release his tax returns.
It is customary for US presidential candidates to publish their tax returns, even though they are not obliged to do so.
Trump, a New York businessman, and his lawyers have indicated a tax check by tax authorities as a reason for refusing to do so.
"They're on the train," wrote Clinton's campaign heroine Ian Sams on Twitter, citing the Democratic nominee's release.
On Thursday, Michael Cohen, Trump's special adviser, told CNN that he would not allow Trump to publish something before the tax exams were not completed.
Trump's critics, including the Republican presidential candidate in 2012 Mitt Romney, have already conceded that his refusal raises questions about assets, his donations for charitable organizations, his business and various other ties, particularly with Russia.
Clinton has already jumped on the subject and released a video on the internet on Friday, in the senior, in the senior, urging Trump to release his tax statement.
On Thursday, she also addressed the issue during a speech on the economy in Michigan.
"He refuses to do what every other presidential candidate has done over the last few decades and to publish his tax returns," she said to the crowd.
Politico has reported that Trump did not pay any or only very little taxes during the 1990 "s for two years, and an economic journalist of the New York Times quoted a number of tax earners and tax advisers on Friday, saying that might still be the case.
Federal taxes have become an issue in the election campaign.
Clinton supports a scheme named after the billionaire and investor Warren Buffett, which would ensure that those more than $1 million earn a tax rate of at least 30 per cent.
President Obama also supports the proposal.
During a campaign event for Hillary Clinton last week in Omaha, Nebraska called Buffett, whose Berkshire Hathaway industrial conglomerate here has his seat here to exchange Trump for a meeting on their tax returns.
Buffett said he was also subjected to a tax review of the IRS and Trump had "fear" before voters and not before the tax authorities.
Clinton's campaign has published tax returns until 2007.
The Clintons, who are now living in Chappaqua, New York, paid an effective federal tax rate of around 32 per cent between 2007-2014 and an effective combined tax rate of about 40.5%.
The Clinton Tax Statement of 2015 showed that these only $100 of their income as a reward, unlike most Americans.
Its main success was a cost-effective index fund, from which the Clinton's dividend and yields were to $109,000.
With contributions from Kevin Drawbaugh; edited by Jonathan Otis
Condoms with chilipuder, fireworks promote Tanzanian elephant protection
Natural protectors in Tanzania use an unorthodox way to prevent elephants from going into populated settlements - they throw condoms on them filled with Chiilipuder.
The method has proved to be effective, and the Honeyguide Foundation, which had already had the idea of the idea years ago, has intensified its promotion by training volunteers in villages in northern Tanzania to use a non-violent four-step method to protect their homes and crops without infringing animals.
Previously, many spears have used to defend themselves.
Friday is World Heritage Day dedicated to animal welfare.
"Since we have developed this... toolkit, we have been able to observe a change in their attitudes within these communities, and they are much more confident they can stop elephants from their fields without harming the elephants," the chief executive of Honeyguard Damian Bell said in a communication.
The first two steps include the elephant's lighting with a torch and the blaze in a horn.
If he is not deterred, a so-called "Chiliwolke."
Chilipuder mixed with earth is packed together with a fireworks into a condom, which is now being overturned to the spark.
When it is hooked, the condom burst with a bang and spray fine dust at Chilipuder in the air.
A smoke is usually already out of place to hunt elephants.
One last option is a driver who shoots a gold smoke plant in the air, causing a loud, bright explosion.
City council decides unanimously: No kiosk building on St. Goarer's Rhine river
Normally, the St. Goarer projects investments by traders - only the retail sector in the core city is seen as being clearly cultivated.
However, the Council now unanimously rejected the request for the construction of a new sales kiosk on the Rhine river in the immediate vicinity of the Rheinballkons in the construction.
"In principle, we welcome new traders, but at this location in an exponential location on the Rhine, this kiosk does not fit in," said Michael Hubrath for the CDU Group.
Jewish director crushed Berlin hotel because Israeli pre-election was after "Arab" call was removed - RT News
A French director with Jewish roots unleashed a media review after he had betrayed that the Kempinski Bristol Hotel in Berlin had not listed any Israeli pre-election, as Arab guests had "requested" according to an employee. "
Claude Lanzmann, author of the Holocaust documentary "Shoah," gave his anger at the Kempinski Bristol Hotel in Berlin by writing an open letter to the German newspaper FAZ.
During his last stay, Lanzmann sought to find Israel on the hotel's list of countries.
However, the country was not listed among the countries that could be called directly from the hotel room.
How is it possible in the year 2016 in Berlin, the capital of the new Germany, that Israel was eliminated and destroyed?
Lanzmann wrote.
Instead, the Kempinksi Bristol offers a way to choose Israel through its own Call Center.
According to a statement, the director turned to the hotel reception.
The answer he received there, "shock him," as Lanzmann wrote.
The hotel worker said the measure was a "deliberate decision to manage the Kempinski Hotel's management."
The reason behind it was even more fury in the director.
"The majority of our guests are Arabs and they have demanded that the pre-election be deleted," said Lanzmann's employee.
The Israeli Ambassador to Germany Yakov Hades-Handelsman called this a "great shame," reports the Süddeutsche Zeitung.
We were horrified by this event and stunned.
That really is very shameful.
The fact that this has been borne in this hotel chain in Germany is even more disgraceful.
No explanation is needed.
We expect the hotel to "draw the right conclusions," the officer said.
The incident sparked a pretty great response on the Internet, where people called a scandal.
Some of them listed the Kempinski Hotel that it would have been "given" to the alleged requests of Arab guests.
"Ashamed you," it was said in another post that the hotel is located on the nobler Kurfürstendamm boulevard, near a synagogue.
The hotel quickly dismissed all the allegations of himself and called the incident a "understanding" and "apologized" to Lanzmann, reports The mirror.
"There was never a direct statement" to include Israel in the quick-selection list, "the Süddeutsche Zeitung quoted a spokesman for the Kempinski Hotel.
It adds that the country preference has now been added.
Police set tear gas and rubber shock against Protestant Brazilian students
Students met with police on Thursday in the Brazilian city of Sao Paulo when they gathered to demonstrate against the government's reforms to the public education system.
Police set tear gas and rubber feet against the protesters.
The trouble began when police officers were trying to deal with the students, which resulted in the police firing rubber boots and tear gas.
Several hundred students took part in the demonstrations to express their concern about the plans.
According to the governor's proposals, Sao Paulo Geraldo Alckmin, a little less than 100 public schools will be closed, while 300,000 students are being implemented to save money.
Some of the protesters saw graffiti on the ground against the interim President Michel Temer.
The latest protests occurred a few days after protesters walked into crowds on the streets to support the suspended President Dilma Rousseff, who had been removed from office by a Senate vote.
Trade between Russia & Iran suddenly rises to 71% - RT Business
With the lifting of the sanctions, according to the Russian Ambassador to Iran, Levan Dzhagaryan, the trade turnover between Moscow and Tehran in the annual comparison was 70.9 percent.
Since international sanctions against Iran have been lifted, interest on the part of Russian companies in shops in the country grew strongly, divided by the ambassador.
Russian companies have existing ties with Iran while new firms are willing to access the market.
Of course, further trade expansion is one of the main priorities of bilateral cooperation with Iran, "said Dzardayan.
He noted that the trade turnover between Russia and Iran increased by 70.9% in the first five months of 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 and $856 million.
In particular, Russia's imports to Iran increased by 91.5% and amounted to $697 million.
Russian imports from Iran rose 16 percent to $158 million.
The trade recovery was achieved through deliveries of machines, land vehicles and weapons, "said the ambassador.
Dzhagaryan comes from a record number of Iranian tourists in Russia this year.
Last year, Russia's foreign representation issued some 35,000 visas, primarily travel visas, to Iranian citizens.
In addition, Iran reached the top 20 countries, which affects the number of tourists in Russia.
One could say that the record numbers of Iranian tourists in Russia last year, "he said.
At the same time, only a few Russians visit Iran, something that the ambassador hopes will change.
"I personally can recommend visiting the cities of Isfahan, Shiraz and Yazd, who have received monuments of ancient Persian civilization in a good state," he said.
Witnesses sought: Drink market in forest crumble
A robbery occurred on Thursday night at the drinks market of Rewe XXL at the Waldbröler Gerberstraße.
Under the guidance of a gunfire, three dark-dressed people, who had suspected their faces, asked the employee of the beverage market the release of cash and then flee, and then probably with a silver VW Golf.
How much money has been saved does not share the police.
The perpetrators should have been between 1.60 and 1.70 metres tall, so relatively small.
The beverage market is directly accessible from the market deck of the Rewe market.
The perpetrators must be suspended following the attack in the direction of Gerberstraße, Friedrich-Engelbert-Way and from the gravel park in front of the car park entrance to the silver-colored car, possibly heading towards B 256 (Schadernring).
Anyone who has made observations about the robbery (at 7.45pm), who is in contact with the robbery, is urgently required to report to the police.
Nagold: Play and fun at summer release
Eight beautiful and pious days spent the children and teenagers of the social-educational day group / social group work of the children's patron of the children's sanctuary Nagold their summer release in Nussdorf, near Mühlacker.
In the quiet residential area of Hardtrundle, the life-loving group was seated during the first week of school.
Several full day trips were on the programme.
One went to Bretten with the visit of the string zoo.
For the rest of the world there was a special children's pass.
The third trip led to Pforzheim.
At the Keltenmuseum in Hochdorf, the group learned a lot about everyday life and food.
On the hot days, the group took pleasure in the deep lake in Moulbronn, which leads to jumping, swimming and planing.
You can also enjoy the culinary delights of children and caretakers with their own prepared passions, such as the Sauren Spätzle, the Palatine Pännle, Iselshauser-Blooff, the English Breakfast and Tübinger Bolognese.
In workshops were created, beautiful jewellery made of pearls and stones, or made of wood a Roman mill game.
Other highlights of leisure were fishing in a nearby pond, the evenings on the fire and the final "Bunte evening."
On the day of the home trip, the sun and the children and young people looked satisfied.
Haigerloch: Pilgrims to pray of mercy
The Ministry of Justice Eyachtal-Haigerloch St. Anna was on the road on a four-day pilgrimage to Freiburg.
Together, four steps have been taken.
In order to keep the time until the next morning tour of all the ministries in question, the St. Anna Board of Governors decided to prepare and conduct a multi-day pilgrimage.
Various pilgrimage destinations were examined and one decided in the end to the bishops town of Freiburg, where in this year's Holy Year, a special pilgrimage goal was offered to the Holy Year of Mercience.
16 Minis from Bittelbronn, Gruol, Haigerloch and Heiligroom made their way on the road.
In the evening, pastor storeroed the pilgrims in a small celebration in St. Anna, segregated the pitchers and awarded the pilgrims.
From Horb it was driven by train to the starting point of Villingen, where there was a Munster of Unser Lieben, who was called the pilgrims' path.
In the morning and evening, the individual tapestries were surrounded by a short impulse with different prayers, songs and texts.
But also on the way, the Minis in field crosses, chapels, or churches repeatedly moved to sing a song from a specially assembled pitcher.
For the nights, the local parish churches were available.
At the stage goals, Alexandra Burkhardt and Heidi Faller designed a tasty and enhanced dinner and breakfast.
On the second day, Haiger went to Gütenbach.
The road to St. Peter, which was the busiest route, had to be climbed by 500 meters of altitude.
The deserved reward was a common barbecue on the bathroom.
After the morning eruption on the fourth pilgrim day in the imposing monastery church of St. Peter, it went to Freiburg.
Clearly relieved and happy, the Minis met at the Freiburger Münster in the later afternoon and went through the gates of mercy.
With a small impulse, God has thanked God.
In the evening show in the Munster, the Minis of Cooperator Markus Obert was welcomed.
After the worship, pilgrims were able to visit the sacristy and the high altar.
The next day was still time for the road map.
In the afternoon it went to Horb.
At the end, all participants agreed that the days of spirituality and a strong Community experience were marked.
Schotte Callum Skinner stormed home, as Brite Gold spends on cycling
Scotland's Callum Skinner last night in the men's team sprint in the Velodrome in Rio to fame when the British team defended the London 2012 title.
The 23-year-old from Glasgow took the anchor role that his compatriot Sir Chris Hoy had made to Evil.
England claimed a shocking victory over four years, while Hoy took the fifth of six Olympic gold medals.
They repeated the trick after taking a modest sixth place in March, despite the resignation of Hoys, in March.
The problem between Beijing and London was the replacement of the driver Jamie Staff.
They did so in time as a Hindu.
Hoy's retirement generated a gap that Kian Emadi and Matt Crampton sought to close.
Skinner was the man where she stayed when she saw potential in the Scots that has now emerged.
Hinder, Kenny - who scored four years ago with Hoy winner - and Skinner set up an Olympiarek in the qualification rounds, but in the standings the New Zealand won in the first round.
And the British trio won the duell with gold.
Hinder was barely back after his round, but Kenny brought the team forward and Skinner held it.
A change of strategy made a big part of the transformation, in which Hindes drove in a higher gear to slow it down and to allow Kenny and, above all, Skinner keep pace.
Hoy looked out of his position as a BBC expert and dropped Skinner, Kenny and Hindes when they climbed to the podium.
The 23-year-old Skinner from Glasgow said: "It's a scary comparison."
I'm just here to do my best and make a name.
We set up an Olympiarek and beat the world champion.
It was simply incredible.
There is no better way to win this.
After the 2012 triumph to the side of Kenys and Hoys, Hinder admitted that after a weak start, he deliberately fell to the train.
He moved that statement later and there was no objection from England's rivals.
This time, this time, this is no such problem.
Hindes said: "It feels with the whole GB flags on the grandstand like London."
We have met in the last three months as a team.
We have been so bad for so many world titles that it was incredible to win again at the Olympics.
That is an event, a gold medal for the nation, which has won seven out of 10 titles both in Beijing and in London.
If that's a barometer of our progress over the past five months, we expect successful five days in the Velodrom.
With the form Kennys, it's in the area of the possible that he's repeated Hoys's victory of three Olympic gold medals in a contest.
That would be for Kenny - who is exactly 12 years younger than Hoy, who was also born on March 23 (an apparently holy date for British sport; on the day also Steve Redgrave, Mo Farah and Roger Bannister) - mean an outages of six gold medals and a silver medal.
That would be the same from Hoy.
Kenny takes part in the sprint that starts today and will go over three days.
The 28-year-old from Bolton said: "I enjoy this only for the moment."
The team event is always the best.
You can win it with his colleagues.
It feels something lonely to win alone.
Hindes said: "If he wins two more gold medals, he should be beaten to the Ritter."
It was the only medal contest of the day, but there were other good news for England.
Sir Bradly Wiggins, Ed Clancy, Steven Burke and Owain Doull qualified with the fastest performance in the four-four-mile race.
They came in 3: 51,942 on goal.
The world record, winning gold in London in 2012, was at 3: 51,659.
The first and final round (22.42) will take place today on the second day of the contest, where Wiggins will certainly be focused.
He had met with officers before qualification yesterday, when officials called themselves to measure his body size.
In the corresponding female competition, which will continue tomorrow and finish tomorrow, Laura Trott, Joanna Rowsell Shand, Elinor Barker and Katie Archibald of Milngavie in Weltrek time in 4: 13,260.
The GB team is relying on its strong train cycling team to dominate the mid-term period of the Olympics and to catch a bowl of medals.
After a truly extraordinary portrayal of absolute dominance in Beijing and London, expectations for Rio were down.
Dramas played out in the background, so the resignation of the technical director Shane Sutton in April amid sex and implosion allegations as well as the retirement of sizes like Hoy and Victoria Pendleton.
However, if you look at the first night of the competition in the Velodrom, it looks like the now legendary name GBs, which has reached its peak at the perfect moment, will again be repeated.
Future of Portland smashed due to repeal of the Energy Treaty
The future of Portland's aluminium melts in Victoria - as well as hundreds of jobs from workers - are at stake, as the plant operator cancels the energy supply contract and will thus lift all the delivery contracts, as the energy company supplied.
This step followed the government's decision in Victoria earlier this year not to grant further subsidies to operate the facility.
A subsidy for 20 years expires in November.
Up to 2000 jobs in the Alcoa plant in Portland are at stake.
Less than 2000 jobs - direct and indirect - could be at risk of closure.
Moreover, it could result in domino effects, as the meltdown consumes around 10 percent of the total electricity generation.
In 2014, Alcoa closed Point Henry, which led to a closure of the Anglesea power station last year.
The meltdown of Alcoa in Portland loses money and risks closure.
This follows years of speculation about the future of the plant, originally as a result of the strong Australian dollar and, last but not least, the electricity price.
AGL, which supplies the large aluminium meltdown with its Loy Yang A Power Plant in Latrobe Valley, said that three other owners will terminate their contracts.
The facility is in the majority possession of a joint venture between Alcoa and Alumina, of which the Chinese company CITIC and the Japanese Marubeni Corp maintain smaller shares.
"AGL assumes that the port will continue to operate in Portland, which means further physical demand for electricity through the meltdown," the company shared.
AGL continued to say that the contracts were so-called "safeguards" to enter into force from November 2016.
The Treaties have a 12-month notice period, so they will end in 2017.
"Therefore, AGL assumes that the Treaties will contribute 17 to the revenue in fiscal year," the electricity supplier said.
All potential effects on the revenue to AGL from the GJ 18 are currently limited by the projections of the strong futures markets for wholesale electricity prices.
AGL announced that it had already written off the value of the contracts in its $187 million contract in "expectation of a termination."
Alcoa said that the decision to book the contracts, the "ability of alcoas... to run the meltdown or to guarantee the power supply to the meltdown" does not affect it.
The US company said it had completed a 20-year contract with Loy Yang in 2010, who should have entered into force from November this year, even though it is still guilty of why it resigned from the Treaty.
Analysts are warning about the poor economic conditions of the industry before the possible closure of the Portland meltdown in Victoria and the Tomago facility near Newcastle.
Referring to the analysts' statements earlier this week, the Head of Operations Stephen Mikkelsen said Portland spends about 600 megawatts annually and Tomago consumes about 900 megawatts of electricity.
Should both plants disappear from the market, it would mean a significant reduction in demand for the [electricity market].
And for us as an electricity producer, that would not be good, "he said.
More than just a Kardashian reality TV star, Kendall is on the cover of the Vogue's September edition
Kendall Jenner, 20, Model and fourth daughter of the manager and mother of Kardashian-Jenner Clans Kris is on the cover of the coveted september edition of the U.S. Vogue.
Kendall, who is the trademark ambassador of Estee Lauder, and ran at Fashion Week in Milan, Paris and New York, announced the news on their Instagram account on Thursday.
"In a room full of people I love, brought me the sight of this covers to the wine," Kendall wrote.
The cover of the Covers followed a bizarre (or simply Keeping Up with the Kardashian a similar?), scanned reality video that shows the whole Kardashian-Jenner family (except for the problems Rob and Caitlyn as well as in the presence of the most popular showbiz onkels and producers of Keeping Up Ryan Seacrest), as they forget the cover of their sister and ending it with a classic twist: They have all planned a surprise story.
This makes the bar-treated act almost every birthday episode of a children's release (Seacrest brought the sentence, "Du damit that we would forget you?" With the honesty of a cartoon chanting on a broadcast at 8 a.m. in the morning), but Kris had to somehow let her other girls take part in this publicity.
With regard to the September issue of the Vogue, a new era of Kardashians has certainly begun.
Kendalls big sister Kim may have beaten her what the Vogue cover has been, (she and her husband Kanye West were to see it in April 2014), but the cover of the September edition of the magazine is a league for itself.
The September edition is the most sold edition of the year.
With a degree similar to a photo tape than a fashion magazine, the issue attracts a large number of advertisers (Laut Fashionista were 615 pages of advertising).
The revelation of his co-star is eagerly awaited, that in the last two years, images of the journal are still under the official announcement.
Women already on the cover included Naomi Campbell, Linda Evangelista and Kate Moss.
Over the past few years, clearly, more were "celebrity queues, which mocks" as "Models that are celebrities" on the cover.
Oscar prize winner and Dior trademark ambassador Jennifer Lawrence was on the cover in 2013, a year after Lady Gaga had the honour.
But even at the low chance that Ms. Jenner - who is described by the magazine as the "muddle" of her generation - falls under the previous category, she is in good company.
These celebrities are not related to famous people or reality stars or teenagers of today who know how to turn a good Snapchat video (even if everything is right).
They are really talented women who are pictured in the entertainment industry.
Beyonce, who appeared on the last cover, had made the release of lemonade one of the most successful years of her career.
Of course, Jenner's success doesn't everyone.
With her reality TV story, Jenner's position in the fashion world has always been somewhat tense.
In June, the one-time Victoria's Secret model Stephanie Seymour Jenner and her colleague Gigi Hadid criticised them and called them "the lips of the moment."
Those feelings sounded again high when the news came out with the appearance of Jenner on the Vogue Cover.
But it seems to me that the point is to go on.
Kendall Jenner is on the cover of the September edition of the Vogue.
She's in the truest sense of the word a supermodel.
She runs for Marc Jacobs.
She makes advertising for your Grande Estee Lauder.
They and all their sisters sell you pictures of themselves on their respective paywall apps.
She sold by her made pictures of Cindy Crawford's daughter to the journal LOVE.
And in her spare time she is in reality TV, presumably only to see her sister Kourtney and their children.
Community centres show 160,000 people each year
More than 160,000 of the country's most vulnerable countries are being dismissed from community centres each year, while the industry is considering the impact of further reductions on already overburdened transactions.
In Queensland, three out of five people - mostly elderly people, immigrants, refugees, vulnerable workers, victims of violence and those who have no means of unjust delogations and similar - will be dismissed when they seek free legal advice and legal advice.
Legal services of the community, which have already been overworked, are ready for further cuts.
As of June next year, these legal centres will lose another 30 per cent of their federal funding.
Queesland's chief executive of Queesland James Farrell said the latest survey by the National Association of Communities Centres found that thousands of people are already being dismissed every year.
Farrell said the situation would only be even worse without a repeal of the federal government decision.
"Queensland's community centres are chronically underfunded, meaning that thousands of people will be dismissed from key services you need," he said.
People who leave violent relations, people with inconspicuous and irrefutable debts, families who go through divisions, workers who were unfairly dismissed - all these people have problems of legal nature and this survey shows that they cannot get the help they need.
The federal government will cut funds by 30 percent from June 2017, meaning that thousands of more vulnerable people from Queensland will be forced to deal with their legal problems without any help.
We are calling on the Attorney-General, Federal Justice and Defence Minister and Senators of Queensland George Brandis to lift these funds immediately, so that people can get the help they need in case of legal problems.
Last year, the state government met its commitment to raise funds for legal assistance on the national average.
It is now time to look at the needs of community centres and their customers, and to invest in this important work by the Palaszczuk government.
Donald Trump election campaign charges after staff allegedly drew gun
New York: Donald Trump's campaign has been indicted for alleged inaction after it was told that her campaign leader for North Carolina in February put a gunshot on a staff while driving in February in a jeep.
The incident is described in an indictment filed Wednesday at Charlotte's national court by Vincent Bordini, a former software programmer for the campaign in that state.
Bordini admitted to have waited months for the matter to be settled internally before reinventing that "that wouldn't happen."
The campaign leader, Earl Philip, "drew a pistol, put his right-hand finger on the withdrawal, and rammed the run in Vincents Knikehill," gave Bordini in his indictment.
Having complained to the local and regional campaign management, Bordini noted that at least four more people had already made the same experience with Phillip.
"Weapons don't have to be fired to cause damage," said Bordini.
The indictment comes just two days after the Republican presidential candidate sparked a stir when he told a crowd in North Carolina that the "Second Amendment people" - gungun owners and gun fans - should take measures if his rival Hillary Clinton were elected and judges appointed.
Trump's campaign made it clear that the media would have torn his words out of context and that he would not incite violence.
Monday's complaint claims damages caused by the campaign for breach of due diligence and from Philip for bodily harm and sustained psychological damage.
Trump's press spokesman Hope Hicks was unable to reach an opinion.
Try to contact Philip as well.
WCCB, a local news outlet in Charlotte, reports that Phillip is no longer staff of the campaign.
Calls to his consulting firm, Innovative Consulting Services, did not respond.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has so far led a controversial campaign.
The trial is Bordini v. Donald J. Trump For President Inc., 16-CS-14300, Supreme Court, County of Mecklenburg (Charlotte).
Berlin / Schwerin: Poll before countries elections: SPD and CDU lose
In the forthcoming elections in the Bundesländer Mecklenburg-Vorpommern (4 September) and Berlin (18 September), significant losses are recorded for the government parties SPD and CDU.
This gave representative surveys of opinion research institute INSA for the "Bild" Zeitung (Friday).
While the red-black government coalition could continue to rule in the North, this is not possible in Berlin.
In both federal states, the SPD would be the strongest party, and would thus have a good chance of continuing to hold the head of government.
In Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, the SPD crashed from 35.6 percent over five years to 24 percent.
The party, according to the survey, would only be close to the CDU, which could come back to 23 percent.
The third place is controversial between the Left and the AfD.
The Left would be down 19 percent (previously 18.4 percent), the AfD would be represented by 19 percent for the first time in the country's day.
The Greens have been reluctant to return to the Schwerin farm day despite a slight loss of 6 percent (previously 8.7 percent).
NPD and FDP would not be represented with 3 percent in the land day.
According to the Berlin Chamber of Labour, the survey showed that only 23% (election 2011: 28.3%) would be the SPD of the poll.
The CDU only reached 18 percent after 23.4 percent.
They would still be behind the Greens with 19 percent (2011: 17.6%), but before the left with 15 percent (previously 11.7 percent).
The AfD would be represented by 14 percent for the first time in the Chamber of Deputies.
By 5 percent, the FDP could hope for a return, but the Pirates would miss the move, unlike 2011.
Nokia 9000 Communicator: The first smartphone
E-mail and internet in timeline: 20 years ago, the Nokia Communicator came to the market.
The successors today dominate the world - its manufacturer experienced a disaster.
The device wog up nearly half kilograms and was more than four times as hard as an iPhone 5.
It was thick and bigger, so it was not good enough.
On the contrary, it was quite patchy.
The built-in memory was initially eight megabytes, which would be enough for roughly two selfires today.
An iPhone is now delivered with at least 16 gigabytes.
The "Nokia 9000 Communicator" arrived exactly 20 years ago, on August 15, 1996, into the shops - and it was the first smartphone.
For a few euros, lovers can still buy the devices on the Internet, but they are somehow out of the start of the internet age.
20 years ago, however, the Communicator was a sensation.
The Finnish mobile phone manufacturer had announced the product a few months earlier on the computer fair Cebit in Hannover as a "office in the Western Enthusiasm."
In fact, the new mobile phone was able to send and receive SMS and e-mails, even by fax.
Even access to web pages was possible via HTML browser, albeit slowly.
A calculator was available, a digital address book and an electronic calendar.
There was a small antenna, and the phone could be folded similar to a laptop.
Then there was a small keyboard and a black-and-white screen.
It was quite proud of the price: 2700 D-Mark, about 1400 euros.
The average selling price of a smartphone in Germany was 392 euros in 2015.
No one could see in August 1996 that the Communicator would become the start of the smartphone era.
Since then, everything has changed.
The smart phones are a success story, if not for Nokia.
The Finns' cell phone sparse experienced an unprecedented disaster, eventually sold to Microsoft and managed.
The market is dominating today, all of which came a lot later than Nokia.
Always online, that is today for a lot of people.
In 2015, there were nearly two billion smartphone users worldwide.
Some 1.4 billion devices, Samsung and Apple account for 555 million.
The worldwide turnover of the equipment is around EUR 400 billion.
This includes the well-running shops of the countless app-provider and telecommunications companies.
Around the smartphone is now a whole industry.
The decisive breakthrough in the mass market came only in early 2007, at that time, Apple's chief executive Steve Jobs announced the introduction of the iPhones on the Mac World.
He promised three devices in one: A music player, a phone and an internet communicator, all by touch screen easy to use.
Apple's victory, yet today the iPhone is the main product of the Group.
Nokia, Motorola and Blackberry, who dominated the market, had the afterthought.
She eventually disappeared, Blackberry got to fight.
The seed now has Apple and Asian vendors like Samsung.
The smartphone is a matter of course 20 years after its invention.
Today, on average, every German now looks at his mobile phone 88 times a day.
"We must all learn to get the smartphone away," said Janina Kugel, in the Siemens Executive Board for Personal Information.
Permanent accessibility is now considered as a curse and a blessing.
England must steer the Olympic spirit and expand Heathrow
Heathrow will bring about renewal and prosperity in our local communities and in the whole of London.
For me, that represented the biggest attraction of Heathroads, just as in 2012 in London, when we operated a great deal to ensure that all our nations and regions benefited from the games.
The Olympics brought great benefits for Stratford and the East End.
And that will happen again by creating new opportunities for local residents and companies near Heathrow.
For our local communities, we will already have 10,000 new apprenticeships, 40,000 new jobs and an end to youth unemployment in the airport environment.
Just as they were ahead of us in London in 2012, there will be those who will think that the challenge of the enlargement of Heathroads is too big.
I have been told that England will never be ready for the Games and that we will be blaming ourselves on the world stage.
The doubters were wrong in 2012 and they will also be wrong at Heathrow.
There are always obstacles to overcome, but Heathrow answers each asked question.
Like the Olympics, Heathrow is for many and not a infrastructure project.
Enlargement is an opportunity to create up to 180,000 new jobs, £211bn of good growth and a legacy of skills and employment both to the airport and to the whole of GB.
We have a great team in Heathrow, which has implemented a £11 billion infrastructure investment programme in the time and budget, from the T5 - which was chosen as the world's best airport terminal for five years - to the T2, which was built in the middle of the world's two most frequented career.
Now they are ready to deliver a third run, which is backed by £16 billion in private investment.
The 2012 London Games were a great success for GB and I am confident that Heathrow's enlargement will also be one.
It is time for us to steer this Olympic spirit and expand Heathrow, secure our future trade, and create a legacy of skills and employment to which England can be proud.
Lord Paul Deighton is chairman of the Heathrow Board and former Commercial Secretary to the Treasury
Adblock Plus, Facebook in the "Katz-and Mehel" about ad blocking
For companies that are making money with online advertising, one of the software manufacturers tries to circumvent the ad blocking system, a "cat and mouse game."
On Thursday, just two days after Facebook announced that it would block display lockouts on its desktop side, released Adblock Plus posted a blogpost, noting that users could update their filters in the program to block again advertising in the social network.
On Tuesday, Facebook shared that its desktop side would change coding as regards its advertising show, to make it more difficult to identify which part of the site is advertising.
But Adblock announced that it found a new way to circumvent the new codes.
In a blogpost, Adblock Ben Williams wrote that "this kind of Hin-and-Her fight between the Anzealous Open Source community and the reunions has already been underway since the invention of display lookers," and that it is possible that Facebook will soon come with a new solution.
The fact that the world's biggest social media company has been in the fight is a strong indication of how worrying the industry has become.
Worldwide, according to a study from the last year of Pagefair and Adobe about 200 million people ad loosers; almost four times so much in 2013.
With 1.03 billion daily active users accessing Facebook via their mobile devices, mobile advertising makes up 84 percent of advertising revenue.
The company has it on display blockages on Desktop PCs, as mobile ad blockers have no effect on Facebooks mobile app for the social network and Instagram, shared a spokesman.
Advertising on desktop PCs makes a sufficient large share of revenue, so Facebook makes the investment of such a step as rewarding.
On Tuesday, Facebook shared that it would update its "display reference tool" to have people more control over their targeted advertising.
On Thursday, Facebook claimed that Adblocks would be worrying about new filters because they would also block content on the site that are not advertising.
"For users, this is not a positive experience, so we plan to address the problem," shared a spokesman for Facebook in an email message.
Ad blockers are a stunned tool, which is why we have focused instead on developing tools such as ad Preferences to put more control into people's hands.
Woman overrides on Swiss highway
The victim was in the middle of the night on the highway.
Police are calling for witnesses after a woman was overturned on a highway in the early hours of Thursday at a suspected suicide of several vehicles.
The incident happened on the A1 in the vicinity of Morges in the canton of Vaud shortly after midnight.
A woman placed himself in the dark "in an act of desperation" on the street and was hit by several cars, police said in Vaud.
It is obvious that a silence in the age of 49, which was overturned by several vehicles, including a load car, wanted to kill himself.
She still died on the ground.
Several drivers have already been heard, but some have still not been identified, said police urging them and any witnesses of the incident to report.
It has opened an investigation procedure, which is a "logical" step in such a situation, shared Gilles Hofstetter to Le Tribune de Geneve.
However, it remains to be seen whether one of the drivers will be displayed.
Was a clash avoidable?
That's something the prosecutor has to decide, "Hofstetter said.
Two similar cases over the past five years show drivers will not be held responsible.
In each of the two cases - where one person ran in the dark on the highway - it was decided that motorists should not assume that a pedestrian was on the motorway in the middle of the night, as the newspaper said.
Last year, a policeman was acquitted of the negligent killing after driving a man and killed, who was in August 2014 a night on the A1 near Payerne.
The 22-year-old victim had drunk and has been left unconscious on the street.
The court found that the policeman -- who had responded to a emergency call -- drove on a justified way and that the presence of a man on the street was a "perfectly exceptional and unpredictable situation," the judge said.
Anyone who has further information on the incident on Thursday in the vicinity of Morges should report to police under the case number 021 644 83 46 or 021 644 44 44.
NASA climate model: Venus was once resident
According to the projections of a new NASA climate model, Venus was probably resident.
Scientists at the Goddard Institute for Space Studies of NASA developed a model to discover the past of Venus based on tools and algorithms that resemble those of climate scientists.
The model was designed to determine whether the Venus could have raised once similar conditions with its hot, waterless surface and CO2-dense atmosphere.
Scientists have previously suggested that the slow rotation of Venus could be explained by its dense atmosphere.
But the latest simulation suggests that Venus could have had a thin, erdged-like atmosphere and yet slowly turned on.
The model also illuminated the topography of early Venus.
The planet probably has more dry areas than de Earth, but had previously enough water and geographical variability to house life and protect against faster evaporation.
The early Venus also benefited from a sun, which was 30 percent matter.
"In the Giss model simulation, the slow rotation of the Venus exits their daily side of the sun for nearly two months," said Gisas's scientist Anthony Del Genio in a press release.
This warmed the surface and produces rain that creates a thick layer of clouds, which looks like a rainscreen to shield the surface from much of the sunrise.
The result is average temperatures that are a few degrees cooler than that of Earth today.
The model brought up a history of Venus, which resembles the evolution previously suspected by planetary researchers.
Although she was probably resident, Venus -- over the course of several billion years --was exposed to excessive heat and ultraviolet light.
Their oceans evaporated and their water vapour was burned away from the ultraviolet light.
As her Hydrogen entwarted, only a thick atmosphere of carbon dioxide remained behind a deadly greenhouse effect -- the Venus that we know today.
The researchers shared the results of their new Venus climate model at the Geophysical Research Letters.
Patrick Roy joins the Avalanche coach
Patrick Roy resigned as coach and vice president Of Hockey Operations of Colorado Avalanche on Thursday, leading to too little co-determination in the team's decision-making process.
Alternatively-President / General Manager of Colorados Joe Sakic confirmed this decision and noted that the club will be looking for a new coach immediately.
"Over the past three years, I have met my duties as chief trainer and Vice President Of Hockey Operations of Colorado Avalanche with energy, passion and honesty," the 50-year-old Roy said in an opinion.
Over the summer I have been thinking a lot about how I could improve this team to give him more depth, that it needs and to bring it to a higher level.
To achieve this, the vision of the trainer and vice president of hockey operations needs to be perfectly aligned to the organisation.
He must also have a right of co-determination in decisions that influence the team's performance.
These conditions are not currently being met.
Sakic, who had hired Roy on May 23, 2013, thanked him for his contributions to the team.
"Patrick has informed me today about this decision," Sakic said.
We value all that he has done for our organisation and wish him the best for the future.
Roy became the winner of the League's best coach during his debut season at the Avalanche in 2013-14.
He led the club to 112 points and on the first place in Central Vision, but Colorado was beaten in the first round of the Playoffs of Minnesota and missed out in each of the last two years the afterseason.
The Avalanches recorded a 39-39-4 mark in the 2015-16 season and fell behind the Wild for a second wildcard spot in the Western Conference by five points.
As Hall of Fame Torwart won Roy four Stanley Cups -- two pieces with the Montreal Canadiens and the Avalanche.
North Sea oil workers take on talks again, set strike
Labor battles over pay for North Sea oil workers will be suspended, while all the armed forces are campaigning for a new round of talks, negotiators said.
Strikes against the oil field provider Wood Group have been conducted sporadically on platforms in the North Sea, operated by Royal Dutch Shell.
"Wood Group as well as the Unite and RMT unions can confirm that we have agreed to restart the process of the current dispute," says a joint statement.
We will hold a few full-day sessions in the next few weeks, starting early next year to address the problems.
The unions said their last strike, which is the first in over 25 years, was a protest against possible pay cuts of up to 30 percent.
Wood Group has cut the rates to its counter-operations in the North Sea by about 9 percent this year due to negative market pressure.
The company's clearance rate follows a 10-result decrease for onshore contractors in 2014.
The company said additional cuts will give the company the required space to get through the market downturn.
Shell has dismissed for its part of thousands of people and has announced plans to abandon its oil and gas activities in up to 10 countries, as it rationalises its business activities as a result of its mega-merger with the UK energy company BG Group.
Energy companies are under pressure because of lower crude oil prices, an economic situation that had intensified by the British decision in June to leave the European Union.
Scottish Parliament member Dave Anderson met with Labor leaders earlier this week to discuss one of the biggest work disputes that have been taking place in the North Sea since a generation.
The North Sea is important for the regional economy, he said.
"In the North Sea and across the country, we need an economy that works for many and not just for a few," he said in a statement.
2016 will be less than $1.4 billion in spending on new projects in the North Sea compared to an average of about $7 billion over the past five years.
Kepler measures the rotation rate of stars in the star of the plejades
The latest mission with the Kepler Space Telescope has helped astronomers gather the most complete catalogue of rotation rates among the stars of the startling of the plejades.
The new data help astronomers understand why stars are rotated in the star clusters as well as in the context of rotation periods.
"We hope that by comparing our results with other starches, more about the relationship between the mass of a star, his age and even history of his solar system," said Luisa Rekull, a researcher at the Caltech's infrared Processing and Analysis Center in Pasadena, in a press release.
The star of the plejades lies 445 light years from Earth.
Many stars in this starry, which emerged about 125 million years ago, now reach the adult age.
They are now turning to the fastest.
At peak rotation rates, these mature stars emit large amounts of star winds.
As these winds travel through the star's magnetic fields, they have a brake effect on the stars.
When a star is ageing, its rotation rate begins to slow down.
Kepler measured the rotational rate of each star by recognizing the time between the appearance of a recognizable star dome -- such as sunglasses --.
The latest catalogue of rotation rates suggests that more massive stars are slower than less massive stars.
Rethull compares the stars with dancers, with larger stars slower pirouts turn up as smaller ones.
"In the" Ballet "of plejacks, we see that slow rotors tend to be more massive, while more rapid rotors tend to be very bright stars," Reull said.
It is the ideal cosmopolitan laboratory to compare stellar qualities such as rotation rates.
"The star shooting of the plejades offers an anchor for theoretical models of stellar rotation in both directions, younger and older," Reull said.
There is still a lot of things we would like to know more about, how the How, When and Why Stars slow their rotation rates and hang their "dance shoes."
Rethull and her colleagues have extensively reported in three newspaper reports about their latest analysis of the rotation rates of the plejades that will soon appear in the Astronomical Journal.
A controversial baseball star enters
The tears ran at Alex Rodriguez faster than the US baseball star in best days from Base to Base.
After his emotional resignation announcement, the 41-year-old professional on August 12 against the Tampa Bay Rays will be wearing a last-minute tribute to his New York Yankees.
"I love this game and this team."
"I say 'Goodbye'," explained Major League Baseball's 14-and-one All-Star Game contestants.
Three times, Rodriguez was elected to the league's most valuable player, in 2009 he won the World Series with the Yankees.
His signature under a ten-year contract awarded him $27 million a year since 2007.
Until the end of the contract on December 31, 2017, he will act as an advisor and youth coach - in full salary.
As players, Rodriguez paid back a long time with performance.
With 696 homerus, 3114 hits and 2021 points for his teams ("Runs") for the Seattle Mariners (1994 to 2000), the Texas Rangers (2001 to 2004) and since 2005 the Yankees gave him some milestones.
With the Hall-of-Fame member Hank Aaron and Willie Mays, only two other baseball players in the main statistics show similar values.
However, the 41-year-old is not likely to be included in baseball's fame.
Because so successfully Rodriguez - nicknamed "A-Rod" - was on the field, so controversial is his appearance outside the place.
Already in 2009, the superstar was admitted to "ESPN" between 2001 and 2003.
In August 2013, he was blocked for 211 games due to a development in the so-called Biogenesis scandal.
Rodriguez is considered to be the main suspect to have received performance-enhancing funds for years over an anti-aging clinic in South Florida.
After a lawsuit, the lock was still reduced to 162 encounters.
"The league could even have done me a favor in 2014, because I've played through 20 years without a break," Rodriguez said at the time.
His absentee days did not go quiet too.
While many baseball legends were still getting the big stage in their final games, Rodriguez often had to sit on the bench.
"My job does not include a goodbye tour."
"My job involves trying to win every game," said Yankees coach Joe Girardi.
After all, Rodriguez, who was married to actress Cameron Diaz, and who will follow the relationship with pop star Madonna and actress Kate Hudson, received sympathy from the fans of the Yankee archrival Boston Red Sox.
"We want A-Rod," sang supporters at the 4: 9 defeat against the Rodriguez team.
Olympic 2016: Chen Xinyi, Silwia Danekowa and Adrian Zielinski are first doping cases
Blurring: Due to a positive test of doping, Adrian Zielinski from Poland should not start in Rio.
Rio de Janeiro - The 2016 Olympics are overshadowed by the first official doping cases.
A learned athlete would have won almost a medal.
Before the seventh race day, the first official doping cases have become known to the Rio de Janeiro Olympics.
The Chinese swimming in Chen Xinyi, 3000-meter-impeachment helicopter Silvera Danekowa from Bulgaria and the Polish-born winner Adrian Zielinski were positively tested and excluded in Brazil - immediately before the start of the already critical athletics competitions came to light.
In Chen last Sunday, Diureticum Hydrochlorothiazid had already been proven to be used as a mascot for doping substances.
The International Sports Court CAS confirmed its exclusion from the Olympics on Friday afternoon.
On Sunday, the 18-year-old had the fourth place in the final over 100 m butterfly, only 0.09 seconds missed by the bronze medal.
On Friday, Chen would have to take part in the proceedings over 50 metres of freedom.
Chen has requested the opening of the B sample and a hearing at the International Olympic Committee (IOC).
The national association takes the matter "very serious and demands of Chen full cooperation in investigations," Xinhua said from a notice: "We will work with the International Sports Tribunal CAS and will accept the verdict."
For the first time in history is no longer the IOC, but the CAS for the sanctioning of athletes with positive cases.
Also in the night of Rio, news about the positive rehearsal at Danekowa, the 33-year-old went into the offensive.
"I had three tests, all negative, and my fourth test was positive," this was "an incredible shock," she told the Bulgarian TV broadcaster BNT.
She was innocent, "the only explanation could be food supplements," the athletic said.
According to the report, the banned substance is supposed to act as an EPO.
Danekowa has been provisionally suspended, according to BNT.
Bulgaria's Prime Minister Bojko Borissow immediately spoke to the athlete with criticism.
"I don't understand why athletes don't draw the right conclusions," he said: "We Bulgarians are under observation, so many have already been ruled out."
For example, all the figures from the chronic dysfunctional nation must not take part in Rio.
On Friday it was also known as the "Adrian Zielinski," the London Olympic champion in class up to 85 kg, as his brother Tomasz had been tested positive for the anabolic steroid Nandroll three days earlier.
Both deny taking, but both must not start in class up to 94 kg.
Prior to the launch of athletics, the Danekowa case is another heavy blow to the reputation of the entire sport.
The International Federation of IAAF had banned the entire Russian team until an exception because of systematic doping, including the Läufernation Kenya in Rio many bad news.
In the swimming sport, in addition, the earlier offences in China also made a difference between athletes.
So the Frenchman Camille Lacourt attacked the Chinese Olympic champion Sun Yang.
"Sun Yang pinkelt purple."
"If I see the podium above 200 m of freedom, I want to pass," Lourt said in the French radio.
Sun was also at the heart of a clash with Australia's Mack Horton.
"I don't have time and no respect for doping fraudsters," he said.
Sun was positively tested in 2014 with the Chinese championships, but had to leave only a three-month lock.
Data clau: So perfide invents hackers her ransom
Programmers of extortion Malware are currently targeting companies - and are successful.
According to a recent survey by the malware prevention specialists, Malwareytes, among 540 companies in North America, the United Kingdom and Germany, 40 per cent of the companies surveyed have been in the past 12 months at least once, in part, many of them victims of an attack with blackmail software.
In Germany, just 20% of the companies were already committed to Ransomware blackmail.
40 per cent of the victims paid willingly the rangers demanded by the perpetrators to re-use the systems and data.
The perpetrators specifically specialise in their extortion software, according to the observations of Malwareyites, on attacks in company networks.
If they succeed there, the potentially far-reaching ranger is significantly higher than in private users.
"We are currently watching a terrifying rapid evolution of the malware," explains Malwareboy boss Marcin Kleczynski in conversation with the "world."
In 2008, most Malwareprogrammes were still designed to send advertising.
Then the perpetrators discovered Erblackmail software for themselves.
Only private users were the target, but the change to company attacks has been appalling in recent months.
Ransomware works after a simple pattern: Once a victim's computer is active, it is looking for recently modified files such as Word-, Excel or database files, and archives for images and videos.
These files encrypt the Ransomware and delete the originals.
The software then presents the demands of the extenders.
To get the final encryption code to get the files, the victim needs money - usually in the form of the Cryptocurrency Bitcoin.
However, where private users use the personal photo database at stake, companies are concerned with sensitive customer data or project databases, without which production is closed.
Accordingly, the damage is higher when a Ransomware is added.
22 percent of German companies reported sales losses by Ransomware, 13 percent had even had to interrupt business completely, in one case people were in danger of life.
In Germany, many hospitals have been victims of attacks whose patients may be threatened by the loss of hospital records.
"We always tell the victims: Does not pay, it will only promote the problem," explained Kleczynski.
But 80 to 90 per cent of the firms who pay will get their data back again.
For managers, it is difficult to reject the perpetrators "demand, given the stalemate in the operation.
The hackers again know this and try to build a good reputation.
In a recent study, F-Secure's security researchers have been investigating the benefits of use and contact with the extenders, and come to the result: The perpetrators are actually trying to build a kind of customer service to take more money.
They explain their victims by chat, as they can pay by Bitcoin, sending freely accessible support websites or decrypt for example files.
And, as a result of payments from a few hundred euros, companies will have to negotiate and pay five-digit sums to get their data back unencrypted.
Given the potentially high and relatively risky gains from the Ransomware blackmail, the hackers will always be professional and share the job, explains security expert Chester Wisniewski from the Antivirus provider Sophos: "A single person can write a Ransomware about within a week."
However, it is more likely to be three or four people.
The programmers then sell their malware in the form of a software component to the actual extenders.
The previous malware kits emerged, by purchasing the malware itself, advice and additional tools for a unique fixed price between 1,000 and $10,000.
"Included is an adjustment tool so that smaller configurations, appearance and branding can be changed," says Wisniewski.
The exters then seek further hackers to spread the freshly bought software among the victims.
We live in a service economy.
So, in one of the forums in the underground, you can buy the set of a criminal, and assign another to install the software on as many PCs as possible.
The payment is made for a machine.
"Usually the criminals then ask for spammers," says Wisniewski.
The risk of Ransomware is now known to many companies that better secure their data.
More than 50 percent of the companies in the Malwareytes survey trust Ransomware to be able to escape from file bag-ups and scanner software.
As a result, the perpetrators are already pursuing new strategies.
"If the encryption of data alone is not a sufficient threat to successful performance, the perpetrators will instead threaten to publish sensitive data such as customer lists or price calculations," explains Malwarebytes boss Marcin Kleczynski.
This means that the potential for damage is much higher than before.
In future, the perpetrators could, in future, have completely new objectives on the Internet.
At the Despacon conference Defcon, security researchers demonstrated how they could get a thermostat connected to the internet.
In the middle of winter, so many casualties could well be worth a ransom.
If the perpetrators were to block a whole production road in a factory, instead of the heating in the future, Ransomware could also become an issue in the industry 4.0.
One for all cases
Honda HR-V is flexible and everyday
In the small HR-V, Honda wants to pack everything: A little SUV, a little coupe and even the versatility of a minivan.
Sounds fairly overloaded, but the HR-V, constructed on the same new platform as the new jazz, is actually proving to be very flexible in everyday life.
Although the only 1.60 m high HR-V is rather small, the passengers have plenty of space in both the first row and the Fond.
The materials of the interior are well-processed and have a pleasant impact, only the cockpit top is falling.
The HR-V is more versatile than comparable vehicles.
It is not only available in 453 litres of high and 1026 litres on the left hand side, but there are the Magic Seats.
This is less magical than it sounds: The seats of the backbench can be flushed up like chin-chairs and thus provide vacuum space, which is high from the ground to the ceiling of 1.24 metres.
The boot is well-ventilated, but it is a bit higher than the comparable Peugeot in 2008.
The tested 1.6-l-diesel with 88 kW / 120 hp accelerates the HR-V thanks to the torque of up to 300 Nm in wide rotation loads very powerful.
But he is expected to make his work a bit more leaner.
It is pleasant to see the everyday consumption of 4.7 litres / 100 km.
There is another motorization: A 1.5-l-petrol with 96 kW / 130 horsepower.
An all-wheel drive is not offered.
Driving behaviour is balanced, a good compromise between dynamism and comfort.
However, steering is probably something more direct.
The equipment can no longer be desired in the "Executive" category.
The security systems include the City emergency brake (works by speed 32), the collision alert system and the spacing wizard.
The collision warning is sometimes irritated by assessing many obstacles as "approaching objects."
The distance assistant works very reliably.
And the smart Temporezer reacts to traffic character recognition and modifies the speed.
However, full connectivity is available only for top-up: 7-inch touchscreens, Navi, app integration and more.
Two USB and a HDMI book are under the armrest and are therefore easily accessible.
The around 29000 euros for the well-equipped top diesel are in order.
Those who do not want to invest so much will get the petrol from 20000 Euro, the diesel from EUR 23000.
The engines meet the Euro-6 exhaust gas standard.
With the HR-V, Honda offers a versatile and everyday-like car.
Airline is not liable: Fall on passenger bridge
An airline is not liable for the fall of a passenger on the passenger bridge.
Because a liability can only be found on dangers typical of the air transport, the Oberland Court argued in Düsseldorf (Az.: 18 U 124 / 14).
The plaintiff had broken a knee disc in the fall.
However, the accident could have happened everywhere - it was a general living risk, so the dish said.
The airline had to pay the man no compensation.
Disease: When the organiser pays
Once you have visited the hotel, you will be able to get back if the cause of the disease can be found in the hotel.
However, this is only the case if more than ten per cent of guests have proven the same symptoms.
In the missed case, a family on the second day of their door to Turkey was severely affected by confusion and destruction.
She spent almost the entire holiday in the room.
Her illness caused holidaymakers to return to a defective treatment plant that allegedly polluted sea water.
The family was of the opinion that the journey was deficient - and against the organiser.
In court, the plaintiffs had no success.
The waste water treatment plant was indeed defective.
However, the organiser did not return to it until late.
He had to assume that the sea water was fine.
So he did not violate his information obligations, so the verdict.
No contamination has been found in the samples of the water.
The illness of several hotel guests - possibly by contagion - belonged to the general life risk.
Of 691 guests were only 38.
De Maizière said following the violence perpetrated by refugees in Würzburg and Ansbach in July, many people were concerned about further attacks.
The state must also respond to terrorist threats.
Surely: Our country will not answer the perpetrators' violence with hate and division.
We will not treat the terrorists to this triumph.
If criminals were to leave the country more quickly, however, they would also increase the security and strength of the population for refugee policy.
De Maizière aims to implement the proposals by 2017.
He also announced a further human-security reinforcement of the security forces, "in mid-quarters over several years."
The role of sympathies for terrorism must be punished again.
Video surveillance is to be improved, the arms right is so novel, that it is particularly difficult to buy weapons on the Internet.
The most recently-discussed secrecy for doctors is to be maintained after de Maizière.
However, in dialogue with the medical profession, he wants to look for solutions to reduce the vulnerability of the citizens, "he said, with a view to seeing mental difficulties.
To counter the radicalisation of refugees, the Minister considers better social care.
Teachers need to be better prepared for dealing with traumatic experiences.
To prosecute criminals in specific areas of the Internet (Darknet), de Maizière plans to use covert investigators.
SPD boss Gabriel said: "The SPD is ready to talk about everything that helps to further increase security."
It is important that the Home Secretary clearly expressed its opposition to actionism.
"That was an earrings for the hinges in the CDU / CSU," Gabriel told the newspapers of the Funke Media Group (Friday).
De Maizière had previously denied Rufe from the Union following a burka ban and the abolition of dual nationality.
A general ban on full concealment is problematic for constitutional reasons.
You cannot ban everything you reject and I reject the bear of the Burka.
You can talk about rules about road transport or for witnesses.
Greens chief in Simone Peter accused the minister of trying to simulate action with ever-new anti-terror packages.
Left-wing party leader Bernd Riexinger said: "Fleet spray and a tightening of the right to stay will not bring people in that country more security."
Better traffic flow on the motorway
It is regularly on the bypass.
But that is to change: The process of redress will be extended.
This is good news for all drivers who are on the road to the road on the road line every night when driving through the motorway (A 43).
In the area between the Hammer Straße and the departure Weseler Straße, the German road construction company extends the legal machine by 700 metres.
Motorists can enter directly from the Hammer Strasse to the right.
The big advantage: Traffic is becoming more early on, improving the overall process on the multi-way section of the Parkway 51.
The idea with the extended exit had the CDU group in the district representation of Münster-West.
The train ride on the Zugern nerves the motorists especially between 17 and 19.
From the beginning of the 19th century, the bridge over the Albersworth road and sometimes beyond.
The reason is the Nadelör on the B 51 shortly before the departure Weseler Straße.
From here, traffic is only diverted via the motorway bridge.
The second track had to be rebuilt well in three-quarters.
The reason: Static calculations have shown that the bridge no longer has the necessary capacity to absorb heavy traffic in particular.
As long as this bottleneck and the related performance of this bottleneck will continue, the local authority cannot say.
The bridge has an official rest until 2034.
For the extension of the legal system, the local authorities have deliberately chosen the weaker than expected time in the school holidays because they are expected to be subject to a disability.
Traffic will be handed over to the building site on Tuesday and Wednesday.
Intercultural journey: Cultural offerings for schools
The international class of the Forest School visited the theatre "The invisible house."
The club NIMA's and the boy theatre are now planning a music project.
The NIMA 's association enables young people to visit cultural institutions in Münster.
The "Class International" of the School of Waldschule Kinderhaus has an idea of the award-winning piece "The invisible house" of the boy Theaters Münster.
In the context of the "inter-cultural journey" initiated by NIMA's initiated, 19 students between eleven and 15 years of age visited the small House.
Since the beginning of the year, the association, which aims to promote the cultural integration of young people with migration and refugee backgrounds, offers schools with welcome classes the opportunity to visit cultural institutions in Münster.
Most of the class's young people came to Münster between September 2015 and March 2016, including from Afghanistan, Iran, Serbia and Syria.
Thanks to choreographs, sensical pictures and video animations, it was possible to follow the course of action, so the press release of the Young Theater Münster.
The club NIMA's, founded by Dr. Tannaz Westerberg from Münster, and the boy theatre will work together in the next game in the context of a musical advisory project.
From October to December, young people with and without flight and migration between 14 and 20 will be able to visit professionally guided courses in the fields of singing, dance, spectacle and music.
Offers for children and families in the field of theatre play and theatrical communication are in the planning.
The project "Intercultural Travel" continues.
Given the increased number of refugees, the association expects many classes to participate.
Rain instead of star snow: Hope for weather improvement
The weather has made the star-snowing wickets in southwest Germany on the night to Friday a stranger through the bill - but there is still hope.
The night, because of clouds and rain, could have been ill-suited to observe the celestial sphere, said the President of the Sternwarte Welzheim, Hans-Ulrich Keller, on Friday morning.
Our hope lies on the night of Saturday.
The weather is supposed to be good, then we can see many star snows on the sky.
The asterisks are perseidae, which, with 216,000 kilometers per hour, belong to the fastest star.
Their names have them because they seem to come from the constellation of Perseus, which runs north-east.
Relaxing night: Tips against sleep disorders
The staff were very friendly and helpful.
That is all but relaxing.
After all, such problems are in good society: According to the Robert Koch Institute, for example, a quarter of adults have sleep disorders and more than ten per cent experience their sleep often or permanently.
How are sleeping problems or sleeping disorders?
There are several forms of sleeping disorders, and there are many reasons for which they can be used.
However, what you can see is the inomnie, that is, an intrusion disorder.
It is precisely the sleep that many people feel as unsatisfactory or inadequate, says Jens Wagenknecht, a board member at the German Medical Association with practice in the Lower Saxony.
What is behind sleep disorders?
The causes of sleep disorders are complex.
This may include organic, mental or behavioural factors, but also drugs.
Not rarely is the sleep disorder expression of another disease.
"Very early awakening is mostly in the case of a depression," Weeß says.
And it may be that different factors depend on each other.
For example, if you do not have a bandbreak case, you can go for two to three hours.
This leads to tension and sleep is no longer possible.
When should there be sleep disorders?
If you don't sleep well over a month in at least three nights a week, you should go to the doctor.
The impact can be very different: It is sealed, tired, unabashed, has trouble with attention and concentration, is easily irritable, has mood swings or physical complaints such as stomach or headaches.
To relieve sleep disorder, it is important to find out what causes.
The treatment options include behavioural changes, cognitive behavioral therapy, or drugs - classical mud tablets only in exceptional cases and at most for two weeks.
Established sleep medics exist in Germany.
For this reason you should contact the doctor in case of sleep problems.
The problem is whether the problem is a physical cause.
Who should get into the mess and what happened?
For example, in order to study in the sleeping laboratory, doctors, for example, are advised of breathing with the respiratory tract, in the case of disease of the daytime, in sleep converters or if you do not find the cause of confusion.
We need to prepare for the inquiry.
You should spend the day normal.
"Please don't make any lunch," says Fienets.
After the cabling you go to bed to the bed.
In addition to the electrodes on the body, a nasal glasses, a chest belt and a foils are pressed.
In addition, a camera on the ceiling captures the sleeping.
How can those affected the problem?
There are quite a few points of order that can be used for better sleep.
The staff were friendly and helpful.
What the jungle camp with missing medals in swimming
Former German swimmers Markus Deibler has commented on Facebook's disappointing cuts to the DSV team at Olympis.
In December of 2014, he was awarded gold for the first time in Doha.
Now the former DSV-athlete Markus Deibler via Facebook has put protection against his ex-team mates.
"In a country in which an Olympians get 20,000 €premium and a jungle king £150,000 shouldn't be surprised," said the 26-year-old in the night on Friday on his Facebook page.
The support system in swimming is bad, but the doping controls are very good.
In this way, we cannot compete with countries that promote a great deal and do not see or even pursue doping.
"I am not saying that the controls are to be stopped here," he added.
Wanted to launch a comeback would have to be Deibler had to be notified nine months before his first start of the National Anti-Doping Agency (NADA).
That is the way it should be with countries.
"Anyone who cannot be controlled at a time before WADA / FINA is not allowed to take part," asks the choice of Hamburg, which is now running an ice cream.
Airport: Gang of baggage offences arrested
Professional thieves at Düsseldorf Airport
Police officers from the Düsseldorf police managed to arrest two women and two men aged 50 to 61.
The suspects had committed themselves as a gang of several purse seams.
At 21.30, civil officials in the area of the Düsseldorf airport recognised a gang which was known to the police officers from past theft.
The two women and two men had committed several offences since mid-July of this year and were in the process of being a common, working-minded and particularly professional.
The staff of the Crime Commissioner 34 can demonstrate four actions to the Dieben, who had submitted to Germany specifically to commit crimes.
In total, they have exploited more than 15,000 euros.
Old buildings, a few lindenbakks, one of the rest of the cobblestones: The Riga Straße in Berlin-Friedrichshain does not affect the first sight, but the police are one of the city's "dangerous places."
Walk from the east to the west, you will find playgrounds, a fresh nursery and a biolades.
The facade of a grey house has someone "ugly!" Sprayed.
It is already under construction: A house with high windows and 133 new apartments will be created by 2017.
Articles about this "trendy borough," as the real estate firm Friedrichshain calls, will be preferred in recent weeks with burning cars.
This is the home with the number 94: Once it was occupied, meanwhile the residents have leased, but on the ground floor there are still spaces and are used for events.
The Berlin Innenenator Henkel, in particular, had repeatedly argued for a crackdown on the project since the beginning of the year, calling for the "no-go zone" for police officers and 94 as the starting point of autonomous violence.
After 22 June, the rooms on the ground floor, the Kadtersmiths, with 300 police officers were cleared, patrol the police for three weeks, according to official statements, with 30 to 40 officers and three teams on the ground, closed parts of the street and kept visitors from entering the house with the number 94.
Meanwhile renovated construction workers commissioned the premises on behalf of unknown homeowners.
On July 13, a Berlin Administrative Court ruled that clearing was illegal, and a day later police and construction workers withdrew under the jubilee of sympathizers and residents.
On this summer afternoon, the street acts peacefully: Parents walk with children, people sit on the pavement in front of the houses in the sun, others entertain Vorm Späti.
A primary school and kindergarten are nearby.
Left-wing violence is not the main concern of many inhabitants: Kerstin Neugebauer, who has been living in Kiev since 1999, and Jana *, who is here with three children here, are mainly from the police presence.
With the residents of the house projects, they share the concern of rising rents and genetic testing.
It doesn't sound like a jaw, which was a majority of police guard against vandaling Left.
The grass, which the Berliner Innensenator and police make up between the housekeepers and their neighbours, does not seem to exist.
In the East of Berlin, Friedrichshain was actually a traditional working district, which also has a low average income and high risk of poverty today compared to the rest of the city.
In 1990, many of the houses in the former GDR were occupied, including almost the entire Mainzer Strasse near Riga.
While the Mainzer was cleared under great police conditions in a veritable street slump, many of the projects were legalized in the Riga and are still being inhabited by the people they occupied 26 years ago.
At the same time, in recent years, the borough has become a magnet for tourists and voters from all over the world: They now share their Kiev-era residents and former housekeepers.
This is also apparent in rents, which have risen by nearly 60% since 2009.
Many of the reconstructions in the Riga are being attacked as symbols for this development: They can be recognized by the painted slices or freshly-pressed facades that have been thrown with color bags.
No other road has been mentioned this year, so often with the words of "leftist violence."
One reason that not all neighbours consider this to be a problem could be that crime is not necessarily affected: Crimes like body injury are, according to statistics, almost exclusively against police.
Most of the offences are being made up of property, which tend to hit the newly constructed and newly renovated houses.
For Kerstin Neugebauer, who has been living in a rental house next to the contested 94 in a rental house for 17 years, there can be no mention of uncertainty.
As far as violence is concerned, it is patently obvious: People in the 94 are their neighbours who have not been appointed.
Even the famous burning cars no longer exist in Riga.
For the studied Architektin, her street is not a forensic burning point, on the contrary: "Here you can help each other, live along the street and get more from each other than elsewhere."
Neugebauer is deliberately drawn to the Riga street - and stayed.
For this reason, it was also so important that residents get their road back: From police, politics and the media, which in July all suddenly claimed sovereignty over the borough.
But in the eyes of residents such as Neugebauer, the street continues to be removed: By careless new buildings in former building blocks that are pushing the old inhabitants.
"These are, in fact, property housing, which are not interesting for many here - rather people who are not so well-known," she says.
"I totally disagree with" violence and destruction. "
But what to do if you never hear someone?
There is frustration at all sides, including the police and the inhabitants.
For the sake of getting rid of color bombs, Kerstin Neugebauer has little understanding: The house projects and the left scene belonged to the jaw.
Those who draw up should be aware of this - just like someone who runs into a pub district, who can complain badly about noise there.
All persons presented with first-name names have asked not to be called with their right name
Urbach: Annika Deusle is new refugee officer
Annika Deusle is the contact person in the field of integration and organizer.
She is also a social worker on the ground.
Since July, Annika Deuschle has been the refugee officer for Urbach.
The social pedagogue supports the management team around Achim Grockenberger.
She sees herself as a contact person for all actors: Refugees, the Intervention of Refugee Assistance, the administration, the authorities and anyone else.
Regine's customer from the working circle suggests that the honorary official is more than grateful that Deasle is now there, the iron-grade wool mill, which is above all a problem.
Some - less spotless than in fact - meant that the number of requests had to be replaced when the administration wanted to write.
An administrative professional with a talent for languages and people has been sought, coupled with a long-term experience in the field of social work, which is an iron-milder.
But administrative work is not their central area, says Annika Deusle.
Above all, it is about organizing, work with people on the ground and behind the scenes and network activities.
The 31-year-old has been in existence for about six weeks.
It has a 50 per cent point in three years.
"It was high time," says Regine Kunde, which supports Annika Deishle and principal actors.
There are large and small problems, organisational, human and communication problems.
Soon new containers in the Wasenstraße
A serious problem has been found for some time to find housing for the connecting refugees who have been recognised.
Local authorities are responsible for connecting them.
They must shelter the refugees in their own or rented homes.
The cost of building, rent or renovating these accommodation must bear the local authorities themselves.
The responsibility changes from the landing board to commune and job center.
Problem: There are free objects, but not every rental wants to offer its apartment.
The search has been proving very difficult for some time.
De facto, the administration does not find private housing.
It doesn't work so far, however, if you need to rely on private apartments, so Deasure.
Public housing must therefore be intimidated, as is so beautiful.
So soon new containers are placed in the Wasenstraße.
But only with housing is not done.
Perspective is the keyword, are Regine Kunde and Annika Deusle agreed.
In addition to a firm lead, there are traineeships, training centres, school grounds, Euro-euro jobs and assistance to refugees and migrants who have to be folded or established.
"More places would be good," says Regine customer.
Many work in the building house or help house master, perform charitable work - and the motivation and very well, as Annika Deusle reports.
She hopes that work for the community will lead to positive external action.
That is' not employment therapy '.
But activity doesn't just mean work.
The day needs a solid structure, say Deishle and customer.
People should develop a sense of belonging.
So there need to be offers such as sports, contacts with locals and especially language courses.
Professional courses are rr.
This is also where administration and honorary official are jumping.
It is vital that refugees get the feeling that they are hoping and welcome in Germany.
The long duration of proceedings is a problem.
They need to explain to the refugees that it will take time and that they can make sense, for example with language courses.
Anyone who creates the feeling that he can't help in Urbach cannot work and is pointless.
The clear majority is motivated.
However, problems exist, says clients honestly, "people who do nothing at all."
All this is a "mammoth task."
A difficult question: Have the two people afraid of radicalization, also in a small community like Urbach?
"No," says Regine Kunde.
The aid workers are made aware.
These events are also about refugees.
Those would have been afraid that the perpetrators of the attacks would be completely discredited.
"They want to show that they have nothing to do with that," says Regine customer.
Many would like to stay in Urbach.
It is therefore important to keep the local and the volunteers on the ground and in the region.
They always found that a new stop to refugees and migrants could soon come to Urbach.
Does Germany need a cap?
To answer this question clearly, politics is shy.
It is unfair to put them on the ground.
"In Urbach, we are not there yet," says Annika Deusle.
No new refugees, that would ease the situation.
Regine's customer also makes it clear that the former companies are already busy integrating the existing people.
This is currently around 100 people, mostly young men.
But if people are in need, they need to help, both women agree.
The political world is so complicated, there are no easy answers.
Schorndorf: One-breaker with helicopters sought
The police helicopter flew over an hour to various areas - unsuccessful.
Two unknown men have been forcibly removed to an apartment in a multi-family house on Friday morning at 8.50 p.m.
The residents surprised the two and beat the unhold into the escape.
The two men were about 1.65 to 1.70 meters tall, arguably masked, wearing both bluejans and black hood pulls.
They moved towards downtown.
The police said that the police had been forced to strike a police helicopter.
It was not successful.
Perhaps the unknown were, in fact, close to the flat or escape.
Baden-Württemberg: Police are investigating after Rocker attack on snack
After an attack on an Ulmer Imiss, police are investigating six suspects from the rickering military because of severe land peace.
In the case of housing searches, evidence and robbery were ensured, the police said on Friday.
Around 20 masked men of a rocker-like group had been thrown bottles and stones against the sheriff of an improperly in July.
After that, they are supposed to have attacked two guests and have a slightly hurt.
After that she fled.
At the snack and the adjoining building a damage of 10000 Euro arose.
Investigators are investigating a dispute in the Ulmer rocker between a Kurdish and a Turkish Gang.
Thüringen: Zeiss Meditec of sales billion closer
A high demand for medical technology in Asia has boosted sales of Carl Zeiss Meditec.
In the first nine months of the financial year, which began in October, the Group's sales rose 6.7 per cent to €798.6 million, as the listed company said in Jena on Friday.
Asia's business grew disproportionately by 17.1 percent.
Profit before interest and taxes increased from €89.5 million to €11.5 million.
The Jenaer Medical Technology Group, in this fiscal year, aims to exceed the sales mark of a billion euros, the board confirmed.
Zeiss Meditec manufactures appliances and equipment for medical practices and clinics.
The company, which belongs to the Opel and electronics group Carl Zeiss (Oberkochen), employs nearly 3000 staff.
