28-year-old Key in San Francisco Mall found dead
A 28-year-old chef, who is recently drawn to San Francisco, was found dead in the staircase of a local shopping centre.
The victim's brother said he couldn't imagine anyone who would want to hurt him, 'finally things went uphill at him. "
The body found on Wednesday morning in the Westfield Mall was identified as the 28 year old Frank Galicia from San Francisco, the forensic department said in San Francisco.
The San Francisco Police Department said the death was classed as murder and the investigation is running.
The victim's brother, Louis Galicia, told ABS broadcaster KGO in San Francisco that Frank, who worked earlier as Koch worked in Boston, said his dream job had resulted in a chef as the Sons's Daughters restaurant in San Francisco.
A spokesman for the Sons Daughters said they were shocked and destroyed on the ground about his death.
We are a small team that works like a close family and we will miss him painfully, "the spokesman said.
Our thoughts and our condolences are at this difficult time at Frank's family and friends.
Louis Galicia admitted that Frank initially lived in hostels, but that things went uphill for him. "
He found an apartment, he had a girlfriend, told Louis Garcia KGI.
Louis Galicia said he couldn't imagine anyone who would want to hurt his younger brother.
He was a friendly person with a great heart.
Combining his way with his family, it was always to cook us something to prepare for dinner, "said Louis Galicia.
He never wanted to attend any kind of clash.
He was the brother who swam with the electricity.
At everything that goes wrong in the world, he was this unbeaten diamond that lit up brightly every day, he said.
Anyone who has information on the case will be asked to call the SFPD's indication phone under the number 415-575-4444.
Jennifer Aniston: I'm always getting in drawers
Jennifer Aniston doesn't always have to be perfect or successful.
This made the Hollywood star unequivocally clear in an interview now.
I'm always getting put in drawers or getting up from outside labels that have little to do with me and the reality. "
I don't have the desire to be always perfect and successful.
Honestly, these things are more snapped.
Jennifer Aniston (47) can only laugh about it considered Miss Perfect as she explains in the current's Cosmopolitan.
Indeed, the actress spends her time at home, before television with loose dutt and Mexican food, it said in the magazine.
To the white gut, she brings the question of children's desire: "we women don't have to be married or have children to be perfect, according to the Hollywood star.
In her new film, Mother's Day - Love is not a child's play, "Aniston is seen as a single mother of two sons.
The film runs with us from August 25.
Golfer Langer receives the sports pyramid
His experiences on the horse are manageable.
At the end of a golf tournament in South Africa, Bernhard Langer looked with some colleagues a bit of variation with an excitement on the beach.
For the 58-year-old, it was a premiere.
CHIO: golden Sports Pyramid for Bernhard Langer
After a few minutes, the horses remembered their feat night, they jailed in the fast gallop home to the fodder.
A kilometre at this pace, I feared.
It wasn't a good experience, "says Langer.
And this ended the riding career then again.
On Saturday, Germany's best golfer ever - 101 tournament wins - was back near horses.
He left with his family about the ALRV's plant, on a horse he didn't time for photo purposes.
Long was the first time in Aachen and therefore also at the CHIO.
The reason was quite convincing.
German sports help hit the man from houses in the context of a small gala Gala the Golden Sports Pyramid.
Awards don't lack the sympathetic athlete.
Federal Service Cross, Silver Laurel, Champions Tour Player of the Year....
Even the British Queen has already geared him.
Langer is the 18th winner of the sports pyramid.
In Aachen, he met Hans Günter Winkler's first award winner on Saturday.
"This award means to me very much," says Langer, because she will be forgiving not only for sporting successes, but also for social involvement. "
For decades, Langer has been promoting the offspring.
And so he also gave up the price of £25,000 right now.
With 15 other outstanding athletes, the two-time US master winner was admitted to the Hall of Fame of German Sports on Saturday.
The excellence include the athlete Hartwig Gauder and Harald Schmitt, the Turner Eberhard Gienger, the foxter Cornelia Hanish, Alexander Pusch and Arne Schmitt, the rusher Peter-Michael Kolbe, Bob driver Meinhard Nehman, the Judoka Frank Wieneke, the sprinter Alwin shock mill and posthumous handballer Erhard wonderful.
Many of these sporting legends were coming to Aachen on Saturday.
According to the official part, the illustrious society walked into the Springstadium where the Lavazza prize was going.
Bernhard Langer held distance to the big animals.
Clinton and Trump's economic policy compared: it's all about the money
Investing in infrastructure and preventing the TTP trade agreement - which wants both Clinton and Trump.
However, disagreements are the two U.S. presidential applicants in tax and energy policy, as well as in a fundamental issue.
The difference in economic policy between Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton is underlying a fundamental, more philosophical difference.
The one, about the role of the state.
Trump wants to keep the doubt more small and warns about how the state can harm the economy - with taxes and regulations.
Clinton wants to tax the economy to death and regulate to death, he says.
He, on the other hand, would be quite different, claiming Trump.
He will massively return regulations, and he makes for far-reaching tax reform with lower tax rates - for private individuals and for businesses.
Clinton, by contrast, says the state has certain responsibilities to open up disadvantaged opportunities and needs money for it.
That's why taxes for the rich would be increased, she says.
Interestingly, both are very close to the issue of infrastructure.
They have to be invested, saying Trump and Clinton almost worthless.
The Democratic applicant announces even the biggest investment in new jobs since World War II.
Government investment programmes into infrastructure are classic democratic policies and are strictly rejected by Republicans' state-owned wings.
So on Trump, partisan discussions could come.
Clearers are the differences in energy and climate policy.
Trump wants to build coal-fired power plants and ride coal production in the US again.
Oil production is also expected to be possible in previously protected areas, the Paris Climate Change Agreement he wants to terminate.
By contrast, with her investment programme, Clinton explicitly wants to expand renewable energies and calls for: one country will become the superpower of clean energy and create millions of jobs. "
It's going to be either China, Germany or America - I want us to be it. "
But not only in infrastructure - including in international trade agreements, the two competitors are not too far from each other.
TPP, the trans-Pacific trade agreement, don't want to sign both.
At the same time, however, both want the US not to isolate international trade - but just protect American jobs better.
They are then to be better paid, calling for about Clinton.
The current minimum wage of $7.25 dollars is a hunger.
He wants to raise it to $15 an hour.
What Trump wants to do on this issue is not very clear: once, he says: the minimum wage must be running, then he says he should not be allowed to change.
But the big discussion of the coming months is probably more likely to develop around the tax policy of the two camps.
On one side stands Trump, who wants to relieve the economy and citizens to boost growth.
His critics stick to him so that the budget deficit would only greater.
On the other hand, Clinton, who at least wants the rich to demand that they pay more tax, and whose critics say: more taxes aren't the solution either.
Flight: "every fleeting woman has experiences with sexual violence.
Sexual violence is part of women fleeing alone, almost everyday.
When they arrive in Germany, they are often traumatised.
A house provides refuge.
In a large kitchen, four women sit.
Each has a baby, which is at best a year old.
One has put her little son in the arm.
He looks with great eyes curious in the room.
His mother stared on the table plate.
Until she notices that she is being watched.
She smiles and kisses the little.
The scene acts normal.
Until you speak with Katrin Bahr.
She is an area managing director of Condrobs, a carrier for social aid offerings in Bayern, and employs, among others, the issue of women on the flight.
The four women in the kitchen have fled.
They live in the Munich north in one of the few devolved shelters for their own women and their children in Bayern.
In January, Condrobs have made the establishment along with Pro Familia and Munich women's aid.
Recently she was officially opened.
60 people live there - about 40 women and 20 children.
Men don't exist - even as visitors.
The exception is a guard before the door.
It's not exaggerated to say: every woman who arrives here has made experiences of sexual violence on her flight, "says Bahr.
Men flee because of wars because they are persecuted politically because they threaten torture or death or because their families send them as hope to Europe, "
At women outweigh other reasons for the flight: "many steal themselves secretly because they don't see another way out."
In their home, they made experience with sexual violence, forced marriages, honour murder, slavery or forced prostitution.
That continues it.
On the flight, that goes on.
That smugglers, for example, for a bottle of water call for a sexual act, is not a rarity, 'says.
And women are alone, they are not protected by their families.
Who believes that's that once they arrived in Germany, mistaken, told Bahr.
Here, too, single women in refugee shelters would often be viewed as inferior and at worst abuse.
This means that about 90 per cent of women who live in accommodation in Munich North are traumatised, she estimates.
Some of the children are certainly not voluntarily created. "
Many women are so used to them saying nothing.
Or they don't trust themselves to speak openly about the experience because the shame is too big. "
Since they often don't know they wouldn't need more accommodation just for them, demanding bar.
In Bayern, the seven district governments are responsible for accommodating refugees.
On the question of whether they know from a similar project as in Munich in their responsibilities, some respond with No.
About there is something like this in government accommodation.
Even in Swabs, fleeting women alone are not separated, says Karl-Heinz Meyer, press secretary of the government.
In Upper Bayern, Underground and Central Francs there are in some community accommodation floors or their own homes only for single women and their children.
The exception is Niederbayer, there are two central accommodation exclusively for women.
The Committee on Rights of Women and Equality of Genders in the European Parliament is also calling for women to be housed separately by men.
In a study published for the committee, it said: it's very important that men and women are being separated. "
'Missing privacy or getting men and women together, it can be - continually - violence against women. "
In particular, the laundries should be separated and easily accessed for women, standing in the study.
How much the women feel this need for protection can be read at the range that gives it to the house in Munich.
"Since speaking around that there is, we have a long waiting list," says Bahr.
You could easily make up a second house.
Assistant doctors strike: calls for new work measures
Deputies from the assistant doctors have called on their union to approve new labour measures in their disputes relating to a new contract.
The Junior Doctors Committee (JDC) of the British Medical Association (BMA) has called for its entire advice to approve more work measures at the beginning of September.
The JDC said it had failed ministers to worry about the contract.
Assistant doctors and medical students voted on rejection of a contract in July, which was agreed with the BMA.
He was rejected by 58% of his members who voted in the elections.
In a letter to the members, published on Twitter on Thursday night, the chairman of the JDC Ellen McCourt said the government would have been persistently quiet on problems, leading to the contract rejected.
She said: "considering this, the JDC board voted to fully reject the proposed new contract and requested official new negotiations to all your concerns."
In response to the government's silence, the JDC board today requested a formal request for a special meeting of the BMA Council to approve an ongoing programme of escalating labour measures beginning in early September.
The disputes led to assistant doctors striker this year six times, the first overall outages in the NHS's history.
The head of BMA assistant doctors Dr Johann Malawana resigned after the election to reject the agreed contract terms recommended by the BMA.
He told BMA members during the meetings that were still taking place before the vote by 54,000 assistant doctors and medical students, that the contract should be beneficial and adopted.
After the vote, Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt said the contract for doctors in England would be forcibly being introduced.
Russia and Turkey: an alliance of outsiders?
It was a gesture that ended a crisis.
Russia's leaders and Turkey met on Tuesday to give hands and announce an official end of the eight-month war of the words and economic sanctions.
But as Vladimir Putin takes his Turkish counterpart in the gilded hall of the St Petersburg Palace, I can't deny the impression that Ankara wants this reconciliation most.
There was the handship, yes.
But Putin's smile was narrow and he hardly radiated heat, even for his restrained conditions.
Recep Tayyip Erdogan, on the other hand, spoke repeatedly from his dear friend Putin - according to a report entirely five times.
I couldn't count it.
He also promised that relations with Russia would not only return to their old levels before the crisis, but will even improve.
The next day, a newspaper described that Erdogan would have been so behaving like never happened badly.
It appeared to me his enthusiasm rather to indicate the opposite.
But one of Putin broadcast, sustainable cooling showed that the leader of Russia had nothing to forget.
Rather, the cause of the crisis was the first thing he mentioned in his introductory words: the firing of a Russian warplane on the Syrian border by Turkey.
Moscow's reaction at the time was augmented.
Putin shared and accused Ankara to have fallen into the back of Russia.
The offence was even bigger as it was committed by a supposed friend.
Rebuilding the venture will be difficult, if not impossible.
Public opinion in Russia has changed since November.
For months, the state-controlled media led a fierce, unlimited attack on Ankara.
At once, it seemed the Turks were to blame for everything.
Most seriously, the accusations of senior officials were that Erdogan's own family had benefited from illegal oil trading in areas of Syria, which will be controlled by the so-called Islamic State.
He vehemently denied this.
But in St.Petersburg, the official message was that it was time to look forward.
After all, this meeting took place only because Putin received the apology from President Erdogan he wanted to hear.
Russia has been able to book a kind of victory.
For Ankara, the benefits of a ceasefire are clearly on hand.
Erdogan primarily needed all friends he can get after he was removed last month at a failed coup almost his office.
Repeated terrorist attacks on Turkey have also shaken him.
But there is economic motives too.
Russian sanctions have hit Turkey hard - particularly banning charter flights that usually bring several millions of Russian tourists to the Turkish coast each year.
The number has dropped by nearly 90%.
In Russia, travel organisers and charter companies will be relieved if the flights are resumed.
They include a late-season rush to the Mediterranean.
This week, state television predicted cheaper fruit and vegetables once Turkish agricultural imports are allowed.
A report in Vedemosti formulated as follows: "tourists there long, tomatoes here long."
But the visit had an added political value for Moscow.
Ankara is furious on the West as it considers its reaction to the attempted power takeover as a weak answer.
This comes to the continuing resentment about the snap of the EU accession negotiations and Putin - who is keen to benefit from the cool mood and reduce Turkey's relationship with the West.
The Russian leader won in Ankara with security a bonus that he called for support for the elected organs after the attempted coup.
That's well noticeable for Moscow, which itself has a severe fear of regime change.
The summit in this lackluster palace on the seafront enabled it to Russia and Turkey, one as it once described me an analyst to depict an alliance of outsiders: two countries that feel violated by the West and feel badly treated and now allied.
Still, despite public reconciliation, there are still big differences between the two.
The biggest difference is Syria, where Moscow recently gave the role as a peacekeeper, but where Russia and Turkey support opposing sides.
It could be significant that after nearly three hours of first discussions, both presidents said at the press conference that they had not even striped the issue.
Turkey's president avoided deliberately responding to a question about their differences, while Putin decided to emphasise them.
There is no clear consensus on where a common denominator can be found to Syria.
But after months of open hostilities - and given the potential for a perfect disaster when NATO member Turkey fired the Russian fighter jet - it's certainly better that the two heads of state at least talk to each other.
Royal Bank of Scotland no longer available for customers outside Scotland
The brand RBS is expected to be reduced to a back-office role, according to the bank's chief executive.
The Royal Bank of Scotland will no longer be available for customers outside Scotland.
Ross McEwan told the BBC Scotland that the brand RBS was linked to the bank's global ambitions.
The bank has since distanced itself when it had to be almost collapsed and rescued eight years ago.
During that time, brand strategists used RBS to protect other end-user financial brands.
She backed international sport with millions of pounds of sponsorship, from Six Nations rugby to Wimbledon winner Andy Murray.
But now she decided to put more national brands into focus.
The Royal Bank of Scotland will only be available for customers in Scotland, but will not be initialized.
In England and Wales, all RSB references, the decentralised headquarters and the stock market listing will change to NatWest.
Ulster Bank's brand is already used for customers in the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland.
There are other, smaller brands for retail business that will receive more importance - Coutts, Adam Co, Drummond and Holt's military bank.
McEwan was interviewed during a tour of customers and staff in Inverness-shire.
He told the BBC Scotland with: "the RSB brand will become our investor brand as well as to the brand under which our staff will be employed as we now become more to a bank of brands."
When the bank itself became a global brand, RBS became a global brand.
I'm saying now that we are not pursuing global goals but local goals.
Each of these brands will be in their own communities for something completely different and our staff will work under these brands with the customers.
RBS has already testified that it will no longer continue its Six Nations sponsorship and that it will increase the perceptions of the various brands in its sports sponsorship.
It's time for us to develop to the bank of the brands, because how do we inside (we asked) to do this to a better bank for customers? "The chief executive said.
It would have been very cynical three years ago when we said we will be a great bank for our customers and launched these brands.
But with our work, the focus on customer needs and not our own, I think you'll see a lot of changes.
We can launch these brands again, so I think the time has come.
Frankie Dettori reaches on prediction his 3,000th win at Newmarket
Dettori springs champagne after a double at Newmarket, which brings him 3,000th win
The jockey Frankie Dettori secured his 3,000th British gain at Newmarket on Friday.
He put on predilection, which will be trained by John Gosden, on his local circuit with his second profit of the night a landmark.
The 45-year-old Italian is the sixth jockey who reaches the milestone in the flat race.
He follows Sir Gordon Richards, Doug Smith, Lester Piggott, Pat Eddry and Willie Carson.
The three-time winner Dettori, who won before Ghayaryar, said: "it's something special."
I'm very emotional because my family is here too
I'm very happy about it happening at Newmarket because I landed here 30 years ago.
It's not a big meeting, it's not Royal Ascot - it's a banal Friday evening with 20,000 people.
I'm relieved and very modest.
Dettori takes the jubilator when he picks up the victory on predilection
Two jockeys have reached the milestone in the obstacle race - jockey Richard Johnson and retired 20-time winner Sir Anthony McCoy, who reached more than 4,300 wins in a record-breaking career.
Lester Piggott, the nine-time Derby champion had 4,493 career victories
Frankie is one of the best jockeys of modernism and it's no surprise that he has reached that milestone that few have reached before him.
He has style and strong, but it's his tactical intellect that differs from the others in weight control room.
He's a fantastic ambassador for racing, his enthusiasm and charisma has been thrilling fans for years for this sport.
I told Frankie a few weeks ago at Epsom that he had already picked up 6,000 gains if he wouldn't just be just a weekend and great tournament jockey!
Frankie has already ridden in GB nearly 30 years of winners, which is great.
He has a vibrant personality, which is good for a British race, but beyond that, he is an incredible jockey.
Frankie Dettori celebrated the milestone with a typical flying dismount
From Flying finishes to Flying Dismounts, Frankie Dettori has been the hallmark of the British flat race for two decades.
It was nervous.
A whole range of big tournaments, including his famous glory Seven in 1996 in Ascot, but he also survived a plane crash and received a drug ban.
Three years ago he had difficulty initially when he returned from his six-month lock but he showed an impressive character strength to defy his doubters and return to his best form.
And he is far from at the end of the day - Dettori once said earlier that he wants to continue with competitions up to his at least 50th years of life.
Russia's Putin fires Stafford Sergei Ivanov
Russian President Vladimir Putin has unexpectedly dismissed his chief of staff Sergei Ivanov.
Ivanov has been part of Putin's closest confidence circle for many years.
The 63-year-old was appointed special environmental and transportation affairs.
In an opinion of the Kremlin, it is that, without indication of reasons, Putin ordered Ivanov's dismissal of his duties as chairman of the Russian presidential administration.
Anton Vaino, who has been Ivanov's deputy since 2012, has been appointed his successor.
Vaino, 44, is former diplomat.
Born in the Estonian capital of Tallinn in 1972, made his degree at the renowned state Moscow Institute for International Relations (MGIMO) and worked in the message in Tokyo.
It says on the Kremlin's website (on Russian) that he was later log chief executive and chief executive of government staff.
About his appointment, he told Putin: thanks for your trust. "
I think it's the government's most important thing to support your activity as head of legislation and controls to implement your instructions.
Putin told the Russian TV channel on Friday that Ivanov had asked to leave his post and recommended Vaino as his successor.
Convince the smiling faces?
This move has made Moscow mysterious.
Sergei Ivanov has long been one of the closest confidence Vladimir Putins and works like him for the Soviet intelligence service, the KGB.
As a chief of staff, he was one of the country's most powerful men.
At a meeting with President Putin, which was broadcast on television, both men claimed the Chief of Staff will resign on their own desire.
But despite the smile for the cameras, only few are convinced - especially now, just before parliamentary elections.
So here is the episode of a sort of power struggle?
No one knows that at the moment.
But the official claim - that a man who was once being toured as a potential president, wants to guide Russian environmental policy at once - had great scepticism.
In his remarks to Putin, quoting on the Kremlin's website, Ivanov said it's true that in early 2012 I asked you in a conversation to me to trust this very complicated post - you might nearly say - to trust an appealing post four years.
As it turns out, I have been chairman of the Russian presidential administration for four years and eight months.
Ivanov took the post in December 2011.
Before, he was deputy prime minister and defence minister.
He is a member of the Russian Security Council and how Putin former member of the State Security Service KGB.
In the late 1990s, when Putin was chairman of the Federal Security Service (FSB), who replaced the KGB, Ivanov was appointed to his deputy.
When Putin got to power, Ivanov called Ivanov as one of five people he most familiarised.
Once agreed that Ivanov could become president of Russia after Putin's second term, as a third term Putin had violated the constitution.
But this post was taken by another, almost ally Putin's ally, Dmitry Medvedev.
Putin became prime minister before becoming the president three and a half years later.
Criminal Minds star Thomas Gibson fired after beating producers
Gibson was involved last month at a physical clash at the set of the series in Los Angeles.
ABC Studios and CBS Television Studios, which produce the series, announced in a joint opinion his termination.
Gibson, who played the special agent Aaron Hotchren, apologized publicly on Thursday before the notice of his termination.
On the set, there was artistic differences and a disagreement.
I regret the incident, "he said in a message.
Details of how the character Gibsons from the series, which follows a team of FBI agents, will be published at a later date, according to the opinion of the ABC Studios and CBS Television Studios.
The 54-year-old, who previously played in the sitcom Dharma Greg, had been with them since the first season of the series in 2005.
I love Criminal Minds and have the last 12 years plugged off my whole heart, "Gibson said in a communication published on Friday.
I had hoped to end but that will no longer be possible now.
I would just like to thank the writers, producers, actors, of our wonderful crew and especially the best fans you can only wish for a series.
The planned broadcast of the 12th season is scheduled for September 28.
Mystery for fish landed in garden in Banff
A resident of Banff called for identification of the fish help, which appeared in his garden in Banff.
Kevin Bain thinks it could act on the 75 fish surrounding sandals that have been outperformed by a Spring fountain.
Mr Bain, who lives about 500 metres from the sea, published on Periscope a video of the spectacle in the hope that someone could throw some light on the appearance of the two inches of long fish.
Queensferry Crossing: bridge now linked to Fife
The £1.35bn project is expected to be completed by May 2017
Engineers have linked the Norddeck of the Queensferry crossings with the viaduct - meaning the bridge is now associated with Fife.
It's the first of four closures of the blowers closer to completion around each of the bridge's three towers.
The bridge section of Fife is now 600 metres long and weighs 30,000 tonnes.
It has 10,000 tonnes of steel and 20,000 tonnes of concrete as well as 46 slopes.
The £1.35bn project is expected to be completed by May 2017.
Economy minister Keith Brown stated the construction site today and was one of the first to get to the bridge from the country.
He said: "this is a historic and symbolic moment at the construction of the Queensferry crossings.
We are all witnessing an engineering art from a truly epic measure of this project with over 30,000 tonnes of concrete and steel that were used alone for this part of the bridge.
Despite the bridge's massive size and weight, the completion of the closure between the viaduct and bridge deck is a delicate activity that requires extremely precise tolerances for the adjustment.
Overall, nearly 79 per cent of the total bridge decks in their place and the last section of the deck are getting a concrete concrete for the deck today, meaning that the entire deck is prepared to be raised on the bridge to its place.
Michael Martin, project manager of Forth Crossing Bridge Constructors said: "the first closure represents a significant milestone on every bridge project.
During this fantastic project, the closure of forward-looking civil engineering.
After installing the last road section and its compound with the expanding northern turkey, we then had to close the existing gap on the North or land side.
This was reached by pulling the northern feeding bridge 700 millimetres south.
This was a massive and at the same time very delicate activity.
Massive as the viaduct is 222 metres long, weighs about 6,000 tonnes and had to be drawn at a slope of about 3 per cent.
Thorny, as the tolerances to which the team worked were tiny - on each side they were only a few millimeters.
Fortunately, everything was very good.
Saving in the Moelfre Bay: three men have lucky yet to be alive.
Three men have lucky yet to be alive after being thrown ahead of their fishing boat before Anglesey.
The Moelfell RNLI rescue station suggested on Friday at 13: 20 BST alarm after a crew observed the event in Moelfrey Bay.
The three men had difficulty swimming in safety, while their boat moved from their own strength.
We saw how the boat turned near itself and put us the worst, "said the head of the rescue station of Moelfre Vince Jones.
Happily, the strong winds have already got the boat except their reach until we let to water, "he added.
Two of the men were rescued by a local fishing boat, while the third man exhausted at the age of 60 and was found at a buoy without a bailout.
They arrived all on board the coastal boat and were taken back to the rescue station
Mr Jones said: "the three men who were thrown into the water are lucky unharmed and still alive.
While the boat engine had an emergency row, this triggered, however, at the corner of the boot from the person who controlled the boat.
Someone today was waking up about these men.
Seriously injured - man stands out on his ex-girlfriend
A man has attacked his ex-girlfriend in Hamburg-Harburg with a knife and seriously injured.
As the police said yesterday, the 50-year-old had got the key to the home to pick up his personal things.
Instead, the alcoholised perpetrators cut the clothing of his ex-girlfriend.
When these came to the apartment, he stabbed her twice.
The 44-year-old was injured in his hand and body.
Police were able to arrest the perpetrator.
While the 50-year-old destroyed the clothes of his ex-girlfriend, he called his mother.
This alerted its sister then.
Together with her life companion, the 45-year-old wanted to calm her brother.
But she couldn't move him to leave the home.
That's why she went out of the house with her life companion.
On the road, they met the man's ex-life person.
When the two women entered the home again, the 50-year-old pushed his sister to the side and grabbed his ex-girlfriend.
Who is building Braunschwing's favourable homes?
The SPD and Greens think: investors are to be much more duty in the future.
How do you respond to the bad news that Brunswick will lose nearly 1300 favorable homes in the next few years?
The SPD proposes a's concept of action to the next council meeting.
But dispute is programmed.
First and foremost about the question: who is to actually build the favourable homes?
So far, a settlement is missing.
SPD chairman Christoph Bratmann thinks: "we agree with the Greens: who wants to build urban areas in the future 20 per cent of all apartments as social housing."
However, the favourable apartments can also emerge in the stock.
However, the big point in City Hall is, according to Bratmann: how to go around with investors who want to build on private areas?.
We want investors to build at least 10 per cent on such areas, but as much as 20 per cent of homes as social housing. "
A new urban housing support program, which will cost millions and has yet to be funded, is expected to provide incentives.
The problem, according to Bratman: "there's no agreement between the groups at the moment."
The CDU wants investors to make as few regulations as possible.
The left still wants tough conditions for investors.
Regardless, according to Bratmann, a tightening of the situation on the housing market.
If the action concept is implemented, this will provide additional tasks in construction management.
More staff is needed.
It's unclear whether we will get the professionals.
But the program is still not altogether: because the around 1260 new homes should be built anyway.
But how do you equal the loss of another 1300 favorable homes whose promotion will expire over the next few years?
It will be 500 apartments by 2020 alone.
To prevent this, according to planning spokesman Nicole Palm, expiring ties should be bought from the city.
Additionally, thought would have to be thought to pick up housing back into price returns.
This is possible in the Western City.
On one blow, the problem could be solved.
Because in the West Council, the year-end deadline runs out.
Around 1800 homes could pick up there back into the price of favourable homes.
Just: that's wanting the owners, the housing companies don't.
Because the number of social housing in the West City is being raised drastically again, removed from the target of so-called mixing.
A concentration of social weaknesses in just a few city districts is expected to no longer exist.
The Greens expect there will still be movement in the discussion.
Group chairman Holger Herlitschken thinks: for a broad majority, the CDU needs to be in the boot.
While this was focused on more construction places for detached houses.
But what doesn't mean that a compromise cannot yet be found.
Pokémon Go, a hunt for health and happiness that is worthwhile
It's fascinating to see how the world changed.
That teenagers and children don't go out to games, but rather prefer to spend their leisure time to rig on screens has been complained by many over the last decade.
At Pokemon Go, it's about getting people off the sofa and becoming more active.
Time on screen was initially limited to the television, then on video games and more recently on smartphones.
So it's great to see that technology and outdoor activities don't exclude each other.
I obviously refer to the Pokémon Gown, an app based on the characters, which were initially created for the video games in the 1990s (later created a sign series, play cards and other spin-offs).
Like many phenomena of pop culture, interest fell before the publication of the game in the US, Australia and New Zealand in early July.
Market introduction in other countries has been postponed by the massive demand that the servers overloaded.
Within days, Pokémon had more users than tinder and almost as many as Twitter.
How does it work?
In short, the players with their smartphones go out and search for Pokémons who are tracked with a GPS and, once they were found, can be photographed (over a screenshot on the phone) or can be captured.
A generation that played the game when they were even younger, joined the game and jumped for the search of the sofa.
In the US, the game led to a substantial rise in steps that return the average person every day.
Cardiogram, an app for Apple Watch, which tracked 35,000 users, told the Washington Post post recently that within two days of market introduction of the game, the number of persecuted people who train 30 minutes every day, jumped from 45 per cent to 53 per cent.
The company doesn't know who plays Pokémon Go - it looks only the raw data on performance increase.
Many public health campaigns, who want to get people to take 30 minutes to get off the sofa and to be active every day, met on deaf ears because many public messages on health are boring and coming from people who look miserable.
Nevertheless, the importance of sport cannot be overstated.
Anyone who regularly drives sport reduces its opportunities to disease cancer or depression.
Physical activity helps weight control, high blood pressure, diabetes and a long list of benefits that is too long to lead them here.
But the miracle of Pokémon Go is that it brings people to do something outdoors that they're fun.
Therefore, three pillars of health are covered - movement, fresh air and sunshine as well as fun.
Some people close on the hunt even new friendships.
As ever, there is also murky gambling spoils who always have to complain about something.
And yes, someone could run against one door.
What's supposed to be?
It occurred a breakthrough.
Even if smartphone apps as Fitbit could already track our activity earlier, they didn't give us a reason to drive sport as it does this game.
The new will lose its allure and the use will leave with time.
Because of Pokemon's success, however, there will be more games that will unite the apps and virtual reality with activism in the real world, while helping many people on the hunt to be more active, fitter and healthier.
Read Dr Joe's blog on www.dryojoyaday.com
Simone Biles creates gold in the ladies
Forget the pressure.
Forget the hype.
Simone Biles is immune to all that.
Dynamically on the spring.
Effortless on the beam.
Breathtaking on the ground.
On whole line brilliant.
And now, finally, Olympic champion.
The 19-year-old American Turner climbed on Thursday to multiple titles and enlarged the gap between himself and the rest of the world all eyes under the headlights of the Olympic Games.
Her overall result of 62,198 was clearly in front of the silver medal winner and Final Five's team cameramen Aly Raisman and the Russian bronze medallist Aliya Mustafina.
The Americans Simonen Biles turned on the balance during the women's individual campaign finale at the 2016 Olympic summer games in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, Thursday.
Biles is the fourth heterosexual American who wins a multiple title and overall the fifth while consolidating her reputation, being the best of her generation or even ever.
She broke in tears when her final result was shown and her long journey at this moment an end.
This success puts them into the same league like unique athletes such as Michael Phelps, who brought their sports to new heights:
Biles has dominated the last three years of their sport, winning 15 world championship medals - including 10 gold medals - with such amazing exercises including a mix of ambition and precision that the 1984 Olympic champion Mary Lou Retton said that she's been "the best turner I've ever seen."
It expected a last examination in Brazil, a contest that went not so much between Biles and the rest of the athletes, but rather between her and a load of oversized expectations.
Not with a handful of gold back to the family in Spring, Texas, would be seen as a disappointment.
The Americans Simone Biles, left, and Aly Raisman embrace gold and silver in the women's individual campaign final at the 2016 Summer Games in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, Thursday
Biles picked up the first medal on Tuesday while she served on the farewell ceremony of the retirement team co-ordinator, Martha Karolyi, as exclamation mark.
Although Biles insisted, during their long way to the top, never having the future planned, it's not really true.
Part of their ground exercises - which include their typical tumbling passport - is voted on Latin American music that would fit at home on the street outside the Olympics in Rio.
That's not a coincidence.
This girl, who was adopted by her grandparents as a small child and discovered by coach Aimee Boormat's mother during a school holiday in the gym, was trained in the Boorman became strength.
She hasn't lost an additional contest since the summer of 2013, a victory series that will last for so long as it wants Biles.
Even though Mustafina led easily through two rotations, the picture.
Sweeping beams and ground turbines - in which Biles hold the World Championship title - laughed.
She picked up again with 15,433 on the floor beam - and put one still on the floor with a 15,933 on the ground.
Raisman embraced them gently as she expected her final completion - a mere formality - and tears poured on Biles shiny red, white and blue eyeliners, when the vision she once described her in her collection book was to reality.
The performance of Raisman was a revenge for the last time four years ago when she struggled to third place, but the bronze medal in a Tiebrake went to Mustafina.
This time, the 22-year-old team captain, which is named by the Americans grandma, had an advantage.
According to her ground exercise, she threw out to the audience, overwhelmed by a comeback that sometimes appeared doubtful.
As for Biles, the rapidly expanding tweet of the 19-year-olds from the beginning of this week has a whole new importance:
Police: 3 victims shot in series murder of music listening in the car
According to police reports published on Thursday, two women and a 12-year-old girl were shot dead in one of the fatal attacks for the first time in a decade in the first serial murder of Phoenix, while heard in the car and heard music.
Angela Rochelle Liner, Stefanie R. Ellis and Ellis's daughter Maleah were shot dead on June 12 while the car was parked in a driveway, the authorities said.
The offender fired eight shots from a hand firearm while he stood on the front side of the car and then fled with another vehicle, in the report.
Police announced that the three-time murder did not appear to have been the result of a robbery, as the attacker did not take the handbags or the $2,900 who were in possession of one of the adult victims.
Phoenix Sgt. Jonathan Howard's police spokesman said the shooting led the investigators to be a closer look at whether it is associated with four previous attacks.
Overall, predominantly in Hispanic residential areas, seven people were killed and two others injured in nine attacks in nine attacks.
's happening in a residential area in front of a house, "told Howard of KHPO, a subsidiary of CBS, earlier this month.
It is believed the suspect used several vehicles, including a brown Nissan from the late 1990s, a black BMW from the late 1990s and a white Cadillac or Lincoln.
Investigators refused to disclose the evidence they led to the conclusion that the attacks are linked and committed by the same murderer.
Ellis, 33, was hospitalized due to her injuries and died later.
Liners, 31, and Ellis daughter Maleah still died on the ground.
One witness told police that it wasn't unusual for them to sit in a parked car and listen to music.
The authorities also published a police report on the shooting, which was aimed at an empty pickup truck half an hour before three-time murder and which will be expected that it was the work of the serial killer.
Investigators found cartridges and secured a bullet from the seat as well as ball fragments from the motor room.
Mother of a 6-year-old with microchepic: it's going to be better
Like most 6-year-olds, Edmund Picciuto loves the singing, toys and, of course, his mother.
But like the least of his ages, Edmund microcerchaly, the result of a genetic disorder, over his mother Elizabeth Picciuto didn't know during her pregnancy.
When he first came home he was my first thought, I don't create that.
I don't create that.
I didn't let that.
What's not true at all -- of course you have left on it, "she said.
Her husband Vincent and her was told that Edmund can never realise them in circumstances and that he may not even survive.
Some doctors even went so far as to propose to institutionalise him.
"My first answer was I didn't know that people still do," explained Picciuto.
Edmund can run with the help of an aid.
Edmund could not sit down or crawl until his third year and he can still not speak.
But he is slowly progressing.
He can walk with support and bike riding.
He also loves to play and sing with his two brothers.
Elizabeth shows the character language that Edmund for 'Please sing me something about it. "
"We bring him character language at," Picciuto told CBS News.
But it's not a typical sign language -- she says Edmund has invented some signs alone.
Microcerchaly has a variety of causes: genetic as with Edmund as well as infections with viruses such as measles or the zikavirus during pregnancy.
The symptoms and forecasts can vary greatly.
It's too early to say how it will affect the lives of those with the Zikavirus infected.
Picciuto remembers the emotional price of an uncertain future.
I constantly asked what will happen?
What will happen?
And she still doesn't really know.
I haven't asked for a long time after the forecast because I don't expect someone to really tell me.
But Picciuto has a hopeful advice for mothers of infants with birth damage caused by the Zikavirus.
It will be better.
You know it will be better for you.
You'll love your child and your child will love you.
Heavy rain, flooding gives cause for rescue in Louisiana, Mississippi
Heavy rain and large-scale flooding in Louisiana forced the governor to retrieve the emergency on Friday... it is expected all Saturday over with more rains.
Numerous rivers in southeast Louisianas and southern Mississippis flooded their shores and threatened with large-scale flooding after extreme rains, the National Weather Service reported.
The governor of Louisiana John Bel Edwards announced that state officials are in constant contact with the local authorities and assisting the affected communities are already traveling.
Mike Steele, a spokesman for the Governor's Office of Homeland Security and Emergency Preparedness, announced that requests for flood vehicles, boats and sandbags multiple.
Steele said that alone, the municipality of Tangihapoa would have requested tens of thousands of sandbags.
A flood warning system is being used over long parts in southern Louisians through Saturday.
The weather service left announced that in this area, additional 3 to 5 inches of rain could fall.
A flood warning system was deployed in southern Alabama on Friday, while in the area Mobile continues to rain.
The River Comite near Baton Rouges and the River Amite near Denham Springs, both of which are in Louisiana, will all probably reach record levels.
Meterologist Alek Krautmann says that both rivers could flood many homes in the suburban areas near Baton Rouge.
He also said a power-down flooding in Ascension Parish poses a danger as these over the rivers will only flow slowly into Lake Maurepas.
The river Tickfaw, south of the Mississippi state border in Liverpool, Louisiana, reached on Friday at 09.00 the highest level ever recorded.
Rescue teams still cleared people from the flood water in the districts of Amite and Wilkinson in the southwest of Mississippi.
Leroy Hansford, his wife and stepson were among those rescued near Gloster on Friday.
Hansford, 62, says that water from Beaver Creek, which is normally more than 400 foot from his house, increased sharply overnight.
He said he would have warned him another stepson who lives nearby.
We are woken up and pouring the water and pouring in, "said Hansford.
It reached my waist.
His wife told Hansford that she had never seen such a high of the river in the 48 years in which she lived there.
Hansford said he and his family members had all disabilities and he would be the only one who can swim.
Hansford said that emergency emergency rescued all three in a large military truck and they would have brought them to the next fire guard in Gloster where they were housed until Friday.
Krautmann said the flood was spreading quickly, as there were continuing severe rains and that authorities were considering evacuation instructions.
According to Krautmann, an observer near Livingstone reported from midnight to Friday tomorrow of 13.75 inches of rain.
Krautmann said the ground was significantly full by the rains since Wednesday.
The authorities said that severe rainfall and road floods caused the rescue of residents from their homes in Tangipahoa Parish and lessons in five school districts.
The CBS subsidiary WWL reported that a senior order in Tangipahoa reported 200 flooded homes.
Residents were evacuated in two churches who have now both been flooded.
The municipality of the municipality of Robby Miller said the authorities had saved 72 people and seven pets washed up by the flooding.
Shelters were set up in the cities and Hammond to host the evacuations.
Once the water begins to go back, they will be able to go back to their homes, "he said.
In the city of Hammond of the community of Tangipahoa, nearly two dozen roads have been closed due to flooding and provided sandbags for residents who hope to hold the water from their homes and businesses.
The last big flood we had was in March, "said Lacy Landrum of the City Council.
This seems to be a similar incident.
In Mississipp, the emergency manager Rupert Lacy of the Harrison County said it continued to rain on the Gulf Coast.
According to his data, a handful of homes should have been reported flooded on Thursday, but on Friday, none have been reported.
Keith Townsson, manager at Shopper Value Foods in Amite, has been living in the area for 40 years.
I've seen water in places where I've never seen it before, "said Townson," and it still comes. "
Mahaj Brown, 6, of bullets through, survives shooting in Philadelphia
Police agree that the 6-year-old boy was shot in Philadelphia, this week already the second time that a 6-year-old child will be shot.
The boy's grandparents identified him for CBS Philadelphia as Mahaj Brown.
The grandparents said that Brown suffered several shot injuries, including in the lending, leg, arm and stomach, but that he was in awareness at his transport.
He has gone through a lot, his little body was through bullets, "his grandmother, Delores Melendez, told the station.
I just can't believe that.
The state of the boy was classified as critical in a hospital and he had to undergo several operations.
The boy's family told the station that he is expected to be recovered again.
He should have begun the first class in a local primary school.
Brown was one of four people shot in Germantown.
Also shot three men: two aged 29 and a 32-year-old.
One of the 29-year-old men is in critical condition; the other two victims are stable, according to CBS Philadelphia.
The boy was fired on the front seat of a car along with the 29-year-old who is in a critical condition, the station reports.
The other two victims were not in the car and police were just investigating whether they could be under one of the injured men of the perpetrators.
Investigators told CBS Philadelphia that apparently it had come to a crossfire between several shooters.
Patrons for assault rifles, which were traced back to various assault rifles, oversaw the scene.
It seems that this is clearly an ongoing battle.
On the road, on both sides of the pavement, there were pulses.
So it seems to have given several armed fighters here who were very actively involved, "police said Anthony Ginaldi told police in Philadelphia the station.
Several homes and vehicles have also been hit in the area as well.
There was no arrest and police are currently reviewing reports the surveillance video.
On Tuesday, another 6-year-old girl was hit by a crossbreak at the arm when she played before her home in the residential area of West Oak Lane.
She recovers and police are still looking for a suspect.
Why we Simone, Gabby and Laurie need
That's what I present to me among the women's olympics in the turn and this is for more than one reason.
First, I have been involved in every summer Olympics since 1984 and the US has never been so dominant.
And second: this team has three turners, Simone Biles, Gabby Douglas and Laurie Hernandez, who worked inspiringly for many young girls of other skin colours.
The structure of this team, which Aly Raisman, which is Jeding and Madison Kocian, which is Catholics, makes everyone proud.
This team finally reflects the U.S.
It solided the black and Hispanic female presence at the top of this sport.
Over the last four years, the number one among the female Turner was an African-American.
Last year, Simone and Gabby were # 1 and 2.
That shows strength.
At the last Olympics, Gabby Douglas was a surprising Olympic winner and America cheered.
Now the world was able to witness the incredible performance of three-time world champion Simone Biles, Douglas and Laurie Hernandez as they delivered unexpected, but masterful gym routines.
On Thursday, Simone became the fourth, heterosexual American who won gold at an individual multi-championship event.
Team member Aly Raisman won silver.
We are experiencing the tip of this sport, but so don't look at getting classes across the country.
Simone, Gabby and Laurie struck all the same as Aly and Madison to create it in the Olympic team.
They are the last five because the next Olympic team will have only four turners in the team, and that's that last year with Marta Karoliy as a coach.
But the reality is likely that turns are an expensive sport and Turner primarily continues in private turn clubs, which are being maintained by parents, which raise for the training, facilities, travel clothing, competition and hotel costs (for the coaches and their turners and families).
The majority of these turn clubs are in wealthy suburbs that can support the business.
In these clubs, the Turner gets their entire training and that is an expensive and long-term engagement for the families.
Aimee Boorman, trainer of Simone Biles, and Maggie Haney, coach of Laurie Hernandez, both have trained their athletes since they started with the guys.
We need to allow the communities of innumerable, young girls inspired by Simone, Gabby and Laurie, a more affordable and more easily accessible turnaround.
I founded my trial of 20 years.
At my events, we have trained free and affordable turns in Harlem for over 15,000 urban youngsters (especially black and hispan) and trained national and international winners.
In September, we will expand to Detroit (my home town) to offer the youth high-quality guys who earn the possibility of learning and benefiting from this great Olympic sport.
Turns develop strength, flexibility and coordination for the body, as well as hard work, discipline and determination for the mind.
This combination provides lifelong benefits to health as well as for school and professional success.
It's the inspiration of this team to get thousands of young girls to get interested in the guys and that's great.
It's so important to participate in the sport, especially for girls.
That's such an exciting time.
Thanks Simone, Aly, Laurie, Gabby and Madison for this real portrayal of Girl Power by the occasion of the Olympic team gold and thanks, back her so many young girls with different backgrounds motivated to become their way to become healthy, strong and successful young women.
Assistant doctors would like to organise further strikes after they rejected Jeremy hunt's proposal
The ministers had hoped to end the dispute over the changes by adopting a reformed contract with the officials of the British Medical Association, but 58 per cent of the 37,000 assistant doctors who voted on an election declined to do it.
In July, Hunt plans revealed that the contract was forcibly introduced and said the NHS would be in a no-none land and would be damaging for any further delays for the staff and patients.
The first assistant doctors are expected to receive a new contract, which contains changes to night and weekend work to improve care at incredible times.
DR Ellen McCourt, the chairman of the BMA committee for assistant doctors announced last night in a communication with: assistant doctors still have serious concerns about the proposed contract, particularly that it will fuel the current workforce crisis and be failing to treat all doctors fairly. "
At just eight weeks still remaining until the first group of doctors fall under the new contract, progress must be made and the time is running.
Efforts on the part of the BMA to resolve the disputes through talks met with the government on reluctance and sometimes on deafening silence.
That happened to the one promise that Jeremy Hunt only made last month about that his door would be open.
Jeremy Hunt now has to act, lift the imposition and address the concerns of the assistant doctors.
Shouldn't he do so, so the assistant doctors have made it clear that they are prepared to carry out further work measures.
The latest strike in late April saw a respite of nearly 13,000 routine operations and 100,000 deadlines, as nurses and specialists were involved in granting doctors on the strike poster chain.
Ministers hoped to end the dispute over the changes by accepting the reformed contract with the officials of the British Medical Association.
The BMA wants a better weekend wage for the 54,000 assistant doctors who will be subject to the contract.
Daniel Mortimer, director of the NHS staff, asked the assistant doctors to end the strike.
Mortimer said: "labour controversy doesn't reach anything little, but are already overburdened teams and service providers and preparing the patients, carers and their families only worry, distress and interruption."
Over the last two months, we have spoken to the committee of assistant doctors and with the Department of Health as well as other ministries positively responding to the concerns about the guardian and whistleblowing.
The employers hoped that the continued positive commitment to other important issues - such as sending, flexibility in training, additional training sessions for those returning from a professional time, mutual recognition of the curriculum, training leave and the gender pay gap - a sign of how seriously it was the employers, the Health Education England and the Health Department regarding compliance with the BMA in November, February and May.
The £2-day drug to cut heart attack risk
Thousands of heart attack patients will benefit from a £2 per day drug after being recommended by authorities to administer this more people for an extended period.
The polluting drug Ticagrelor reduces the risk of repeated heart attacks for people with a heart disease.
The medication is administered for 12 months after a heart attack, reducing the risk of a stroke or another heart attack.
NICE's NICE has long recommended a four-year intake to further reduce the risk of cardiovascular problems.
NICE's NICE has long recommended a four-year intake to further reduce the risk of cardiovascular problems.
About 140,000 people suffer a heart attack each year and a quarter of which suffer another heart attack or stroke.
Heart attacks and strokes are caused by collections of fatty material in the arterial walls, forming surfaces.
When the belonging breakdown, it can cause a blood island that causes blood flow to heart, causing a heart attack.
If the bloodstream solves, it can flow through the blood stream and clog the blood flow to the brain, causing a stroke.
People who had already had a heart attack are subject to higher risk one more.
Ticagrelor, which is manufactured by British company AstraZeneca and is displaced under the trade name Brilique, reduces this risk by making it more unlikely to educate blood islets.
The NICE's guidance draft, which was published today, recommends a 12-month intake of 90mg Ticagrelor, followed by 60mg with a twice daily income of aspirin for the next three years.
Professor Carole Longson, director of the NICE Health Technology Evaluation Centre, said: "despite the availability of secondary prevention, a quarter of all those who suffered a heart attack have another heart attack or a stroke - often with disastrous consequences."
The fear of a renewed heart attack can have significant negative effects on a person's quality of life.
The experience shows that Tigrelor is in combination with aspirin effectively in reducing more heart attacks and strokes among people who had already had a heart attack.
By a preliminary recommendation from Tigrelore, we are delighted that we are able to expand available treatment options to thousands of people who can benefit from it.
The information about the effectiveness and safety of Ticagrelor - especially the blood risk - is limited to a period of up to three years; the draft guidance does not recommend treatment that goes beyond that period.
Culture of Political Correctness leaves voter fraud in Muslim areas
The former mayor of Tower Hamlets Lutfur Rahman was removed last year on prompting a government report for corruption from office
A culture of political Correctness has meant that widespread voter fraud in Muslim communities will be knowingly ignored as a damning government report disclosed today.
Former cabinet member Sir Eric Pickles attacks police, electorate observers and city halls for ignoring evidence of electoral abuse because of over sensitivities relating to ethnic and religion.
The former minister of integration and local government, which is now a corruption king, said that the intimidation of voters from religious motives would be so bad that police should be allowed to set up shutout bands outside electoral cabins to protect intermittent voters.
He recommends voters should lead an ID to prove their identity in elections.
At present, one voter must merely call his name and address.
The report suggests that not remote ink on the finger of a person when they make their electoral votes to prevent someone choosing twice.
Whistleblowers should get more protection, says Sir Eric.
He calls for the press to have more access to community documents and decisions from non-official committees or working groups.
This is not only serving against electoral fraud, but is also intended to protect the local government before the broader corruption and financial fraud culture, which is accompanied by it, "he said.
The report was ordered by Downing Street as a result of the Tower Hamlet election scandal in eastern London.
Last year, a special election court decided that the acting Mayor Lutfur Rahman should be dismissed after a litany of corrupt and illegal practices of his office.
The court found that Rahman would have perverted the religious feelings of his Muslim community in a cynical way, and that he would have silenced his critics with racism and Islamophobia allegations.
Rahman is said to have his campaign on the basis that it was the religious duty of Muslims to choose him.
Up to 300 votes were either doubtful or the episode of an imitation where one person chooses as someone else.
Sir Eric said there was evidence of fraud across the country.
He was particularly alarming to the fraudulent postal ballot - at the elderly members of the Muslim community to pressure people to choose a candidate of their choice.
Sir Eric, pictured, made several recommendations to clean up the electoral system, including leading expectations to prove the identity
In his report, it said: as evidence has been appropriate that pressure has been exerted on vulnerable members of some ethnic minorities, particularly women and young people to vote, according to the will of the elderly, particularly communities with Pakistani or Bangladeshi backgrounds.
There was concern that... state institutions have known such behaviour because of politically correct over-sensitivities regarding the ethnicity and religion knowingly ignored. "
Sir Eric spoke of 50 recommendations to clean up the system, including banning political activists editing postal election documents to stop polls.
The report, which is being considered by Theresa May, also requires tougher registration reviews to prevent the electoral directory of immigration and social fraud purposes.
Consider asking voters before the election, according to your ID.
Not removed ink on the finger of a person once they delivered her voice to prevent someone choosing twice.
Systematic reviews on a person's nationality to ensure they are eligible.
A three-year limit on requests for an automatic briefing.
Ban that political activists edited full postal elections and envelopes of postal elections.
The police are giving the power to settle shutouts around electoral stations.
A legislative change that eases an indictment of intimidation according to the Representation of the People Act 1983 (People Representation Act 1983).
Photography banned election stations.
Requirement that only English be used in the election stations (with the exception of Wales).
Intensifying the training to ensure that staff rule that voters go to the electoral cabin alone.
Sir Eric falls over the Metropolitan Police and finds it's amazing that according to the Tower Hamlet case, there was no criminal charge.
The electoral court has explained Lutfur Rahman and his deputies for corruption and illegal practices as unsustainable, "he said.
He was pleaded guilty because of a number of reasons for sufficient - according to the high requirements in criminal proceedings.
He also criticises the impact of the electoral registration departments of the town halls.
Sir Eric said: "the court ruling in Tower Hamlets last year was a warning signal.
Our country, as the mother of parliaments, carries a proud heritage, but the worrying and disguised spread of voter fraud and denial of some authorities are threatening this good reputation.
Mad after Kates cyclist double performer and other famous doubles of Olympian athletes in Rio
Fans of the 2016 Olympics in Rio are out of touch this week about the French cyclist Pauline Ferrand-Prevot, which has proven to be an impressive double gainer of the Duchess of Cambridge.
But the 24-year-old Olympion is this summer by far not the only one to have gold fighting athlete who has its own famous doubles - at least not if you are allowed to believe the social media.
In honour of the Rio Olympic Games and all the famous faces flirting at the time on our screens, FEMAIL created a list of Olympians who have more than just some resemblance to Hollywood celebrities.
The hunter and the wolf: team member of the U.S. team in archery Brady Ellison, left, has been compared to Leonardo DiCaprio
Apart from Kate's doughnut on the cycling track, many people on the Internet pointed out how a certain archery could be the twin of A-Promi Leonardo DiCaprio.
The team member of the U.S. team in archery Brady Ellison has caused a rush on Twitter after pictures on which he sees the Wolf of Wall Star incredibly similar.
Indeed, the archery got the madness in the social media and admitted he had already been heard since his childhood that he looks like Leo.
I myself don't see a big resemblance, with the exception of facial hair, "Brady told the Huffington Post.
He's a guttering guy, so I probably catch this as a compliment on.
One of the most popular comparisons since London 2012 will undoubtedly enter the center of this year: the dropped similarity between British vocal jumper Greg Rutherford and the popular actor Neil Patrick Harris.
Russian Turner Aliya Mustafina, with her big, expressive eyes, is expected to go through as a double singer for Cuban-American singer Gloria Estefan.
And in the swimming pool, South African swimmer Cameron van der Burgh has been compared to Glee Star Matthew Morrison for years.
A gear higher: this user believes that Nathan is the athletic version of the inception actor
Another continuing comparison was drawn between the tennis star Rafael Nadal and actor Josh Hartnett, who has similarly severe eyebrows and lips.
Russian silver medallist Yulia Efimova points out more than just the sun-fired skin and blonde hair like the actress Annalynne McCord, while American Nathan Adrian was attested by fans to same an athletic version of Joseph Gordon Levitt.
Strong women: football star Hope Solo, left, and Dexter actress Jennifer Carpenter, right, have a similar facial and eyes
Not the only one: a Twitter user was very happy that others were also struck by the similarities
Theory in the space: according to this user, there is perhaps a reason for the couple's similarity
A Twitter user explained their satisfaction that the rest of the internet thinks Hope Solo and Jennifer Carpenter are almost identical.
Indeed, U.S. Football Hope Solo and the Dexter actress Jennifer Carpenter have an incredibly similar facial form and eyes.
Other popular comparisons included Kerri Walsh-Jennings and their smile, which is nearly identical to that of actress Laura Linney, as well as the gold medal winner in the Turner Gabby Douglas, which has her own beautiful, broad smile that resembles that of Bring It star Gabrielle Union.
CBC commentator for the Olympics apologizes for his statement that Chinese swimmer died like a pig.
Byron MacDonalds's analysis over the fourth place of 14-year-old Ai Yanhan at 4x200m free-staggers outraged viewers of the CBC's live transmission of the Olympic Games on Wednesday
Canadian broadcaster CBC needed to apologise after one of his commentators said that the 14-year-old Chinese swimmer did like lead and during the race like a pig died.
The commentator, Byron MacDonalds, thought that his microphone was switched off when he at the end of the 4x200m freight swimming staff made his own opinions.
Macdonald, who had been picked up in the CBS's commentary team on board to give more colour, could be heard: "this little 14-year-old Chinese has lost the connection, baby."
Too excited, went off like lead, died like a pig.
Thanks for that.
The Chinese swimmer in Yanhan, 14, swam the second stage of swimming season 1: 57.79 - 1.61 seconds slower than Canada's Taylor Ruck, which allowed Canadians to close the gap to China.
Viewers across Canada quickly responded online after being shocked by the tone and the language
Emmett Macfarlane tweeted, 'Has the CBC commentator just saying that the 14-year-old swimmer from China has died like a pig? "
The idiot didn't capture that she was still on show.
Ai Yanhan from China was described as follows at the final 4 x 200m freight season for women: "this little 14-year-old Chinese has lost the connection, baby."
The criticism against Byron MacDonald on Twitter came quickly and hard, where many to speak to him
Twitter users didn't keep back when they heard how insensible Byron MacDonald
Another Twitter user Sarah Paradis wrote: WoW, # ByronMacDonald.
You represent the CBC and Canada and let us all look like racists. #.
A short time later, Scott Russel, who moderated the CBC shipment, live for comment from MacDonald and said: "we apologise that the comment was broadcast on a swimming performance.
It was an unfortunate elected wording, sorry it happened. "
CBC apologised at the end over 90 times at the people who responded to the noticed over Twitter
Commentator Scott Russel had to apologise on behalf of MacDonald
CBC coped and added his apology at more than 90 other Twitter users who had complained about MacDonald's comments
The network also apologised quickly and gave an announcement.
We sincerely regret that these statements were made and that it was allowed to be broadcast.
We quickly got apologised to our spectators yesterday night and our followers in the social media.
To clarify one, Byrons comments related to the performance of the swimmer and not on her as a person.
Yet they were inappropriate and an unfortunately elected wording, Byron does what he said were very suffering.
On Thursday afternoon, MacDonald apologised in the broadcast and tried to justify his comment by testifying that it was not his intention to be designed as a personal attack.
I would like to take a moment to apologise for the comment I made after the women's swimming room in the CBC Olympics, he said.
I got myself on the performance of the swimmer and not on them as a person. "
Of course, no disregard was intended and I am very sorry.
Buyers in Primark outraged about women who tried underwear in the middle of the business
The buyers didn't know where they should look when a woman pulled her clothes amid a primark to try underwear.
To worsen the situation, she mustered how she looked at it, pulled her and put her back into the shelf.
They continued and tried four pairs of underwear in a business in the Bouverie Place shopping centre in Folkstone.
The Primark business at the Bouverie Place shopping centre in Folkestone, in which the woman tried underwear before she put them back into the shelf
A mother of two children, Jenny Davidson, who was in the business at the same time, said that after the mysterious woman had tried the underwear, she pulled herself again and left the business without buying something. "
She said: "people couldn't believe what they saw."
In the middle of the sales surface, she took a pair of underwear out of the outage, pulling her own tights and pants and tried her.
She didn't even try to find a slightly more discreet place to do it - they just stood there, cheeky like Oskar. "
Everyone starred when they pulled the underwear again, which they obviously didn't like them as they put them back into the shelf. "
She repeated the same thing with three other underwear before finally deciding that her nothing liked herself, attracted and rushed out.
She didn't disturb it that they watched someone - or think about the person who would buy the underwear in circumstances they had tried. "
Mrs Davidson, 33, who lives in Kent, said: 'how disgusting to think that someone would take underwear with home that has another person and who weren't washed. "
The incident occurred Tuesday afternoon.
Ms Davidson added: 'how I got to get the staff trying to pull the garments out of sale after they went - which is just as good.
I'd hate it to go home with a new couple's underwear and figure out that another woman has handed her and returned and they weren't washed.
A spokesman for Primark said: "Primark is aware of the incident, which occurred on Tuesday 9 August at our branch in Folkstone."
Any products coming into question were drawn from the sale.
How to protect yourself with Krav Maga of gun attacks
The world out is a dangerous place, but this video of Dailymail.com could make him a little safer for you.
We spoke with Rhon Mizraci, a grandmaster of the Krav Maga Association in New York to find out how to deal with armed robbers at near distance.
Regardless of whether you approach you from the front or behind you, this video will show you how you turn for your robber's turn.
If you get closer to yourself from behind, then you should turn yourself first, so you can see your attacker and get out of the firing line, "says Mizrachi.
Take the gun then between your front arm and your shoulder before beating him in the face with your free elbow.
Strike him then with the knee in the performance and twist you, while the attacker gathers together against pain, the gun from his hands, beating him with the run into the face and moving backwards while addressing the gun on him.
In attackers closer to front, the technique is similar - move your body from the firing line, take the gun and twist them, so the attacker can't shoot.
Shift at the same time the weight on the gun and beat the attacker on the chest, then twist the gun from his grip before moving backwards and targeting the gun on him.
Sounds difficult?
Look at the video to see exactly how it makes Micraizi.
But remember it's more secure in a room to hand your money - unless you're not a Krav Maga grandmaster.
Traveller Ian Wright scores for a travel guide to his tongue to the dirtiest places of Europe
A British traveller underwent his immune system and citizenship of a serious examination - by leaving some of Europe's most dirtiest and most energetic places.
The presenter and travel author Ian Wright, 51, from Suffolk shadowed his train on a euro ticket, a railing at the Piccadilly Circus, a rink of a Zugtoilette as well as a public phone in Russia to prove the resilience of his immune system.
Before the divergence of each object, he used a luminometer to show us and what he will enter.
But the experiment, which was filmed under the title: The Lickhik's Guide to Inner Strength, brought some surprising results to daylight.
The thought of disconnecting the flush of a train toilet, which has already been used by thousands of others, may be completely repellent, but actually there are more bad bacteria in a kitchen ring.
On his trip through Europe, Mr Wright spoke with doctors and medical professionals about promoting bacterial bacteria as well as about his own health.
Fortunately, nothing left what he dismissed, more than a bad afterthought in the mouth.
Mr Wright became known for testing the resilience of his intestines by traveling through the world and ate strange as well as wonderful things.
From public railings to station stations to rinsing toilets, the job put his immune system definitely under a sample
In the film, he told: "already as a child, I was relatively uncomfortable about what affects my health and I've had all kinds of things put in my mouth, earth, worms and mud water."
In the film, he was definitely fair to his reputation.
The only thing he refused was a dirty public toilet in Russia.
His trial showed a luminome number of more than 4,000 units.
In comparison, the luminometry number is freshly washed hands less than 60.
But there was a Russian toilet he refused to strip after their luminometers were over 4,000 units while freshly washed hands one of less than 60
Mr Wright and the Finnish manufacturer of milk products Valio produced the travel film The Lickies Guide to Inner Strength, which shows the bacterial number in different locations such as the bathroom
In the film, he says: "this comes the worst of what I've smelled in a toilet, close."
There's nothing more dirty than that!
I'm going to leave nothing here because it's indoors here.
The Lickner's guide to Inner Streggth was produced in cooperation with the Finnish manufacturer of milk products Valio.
The company provides Mr Wright with Valio Gefilus, which contains both milk acid bacteria and vitamin C and D to support the promotion of bacterial bacteria and the immune system.
Valios Senior Venice President for Snacks, juices and new categories Niko Vuorenmaa says: "we wanted to provide really something new to consumers.
Something that is fascinating to watch, while at the same time explaining the benefits of probiotics.
We led crazy brainstorming through which ended up telling Lass Ian to call.
They claim that interest is going to be a global phenomenon
Instead of just talking about the products, we wanted to put them in a wider context - the good and bad bacteria in our everyday environment, the importance of intestinal health and how it's linked to the immune system.
The growing interest in intestinal health is a global phenomenon and with the documentary, we have been able to provide consumers with more information in an interesting way.
I also think the film shows we have a great sense of humor!
Tom Hakala, who led the film's director, adding: "let me say it like that - I would have lost my respect for Ian if he had licked some of the things I have depended on him, like the echoed Russian toilet shown in the film.
Of course, there were things where it was easier to get Ian to cover them and others where this was pretty difficult.
I'm glad we've taken some of these dirty leaks on film. "
In one of Valio's 2015 survey, 84 per cent of all respondents associated milk acid bacteria, particularly with the welfare of stomach and intestine and 58 per cent said they at least occasionally use products that include attached milk acid bacteria.
Asocial family destroys delogation of social housing in Saltash, Cornwall
An asocial family left her social housing after a delogism with a damage of £50,000 because she had terrorized her neighbours.
Tanya Skeldon and her partner Shaun Trebiccock were thrown after a long list of complaints from their property in Saltash, Cornwall.
After being violently removed from their property, shocked employees of the housing cooperative found the property in an irreparable condition.
The walls highlighted gaping holes on, wooden diets were torn up, rubbish was scattered on the floor and graffiti was shelled to the walls.
The family have been resettled and it is believed they live in a private accommodation now
Donna McEvoy, who works for home administration at Cornwall Housing, said she worried that the home was no longer repaired.
She said: 'it was an absolute nightmare for people here and I believe people don't have to live in this way.
There are a lot of things to take into account as this property is believed to be considered not so nice part of Cornwalls.
The family is infamous and their reputation it is also.
The couple had three sons living in the apartment in the meantime and police said that terror, which had inflicted the family, included road fighting with baseballs, intimidating residents, drug abuse, drug trafficking and excessive screaming, disputes and curling.
Skeldon, 47, whose name stood on the rental contract, got an arrangement for anti-social behaviour in June.
In some spaces of the house that will be demolished in circumstances, old rubbish was found
It was in the property in which drugs were traded in the past, the timber diets
Neighbours said they saw them fighting on the street and regularly had to call police
Cornwall Housing deloged her and her partner this week violently from the property after they gave them an extended deadline of 11 weeks to pull out voluntarily.
The delogist was cheered by facilitated neighbours who said their lives were made to hell.
One said: "they shouted around anyone."
We lived alongside them 20 years and it was always bad.
The countless times we say police here are incredible.
This morning we couldn't sleep. "
We stood up because it was so quiet here - that's not used to!
Now where they are finally gone, it's going to be nice.
Adam Fitzpatrick, Neighbourhood Enforcement Manager of Cornwall Housing, said the family had failed to cooperate with local authorities.
The family lived in the house to which police were called at regular intervals, for 20 years
On the municipal side of the community house, rubbish and old toys
He added: "it's a shame that the tenant failed to accept any responsibility for their behaviour and that of their family as a delogism is always the last step to consider Cornwall Housing.
This was a very difficult case as the behaviour was extreme and their actions for their neighbours had to be terrible.
I appreciate all the work that my team, the police of Devon and Cornwall as well as members of the community who have been courageous with us and have provided us with the information.
I hope this development will donate some neighbor to comfort and convey the message that anti-social behaviour is not tolerated.
Fitzpatrick said all three sons had lived at different times in the house, but that they were all over 20.
A dirty mattress left behind in one of the house's bedrooms after deloging on the ground
Workers of home administration will now have to waver off rubbish mountains that surround the house
In 2014, police led a crackdown in the house and found over 70g cannabis, as well as scales, paraphernalia and cash amounted to £1,700.
Skeldon received a fine after being familiar with the possession of a drug of class B in trade intention.
She claimed the money was for a tomb stone of her son, Lee Skeldon, who was killed in a car accident in 2013.
After they were without a shelter, it will be assumed that Tanya and her partner now live in a private accommodation in Plymouth.
Many of the house's room walls were covered with graffiti.
Police say they will delogize tenants who don't get to the housing rules
Angela Crow by police from Devon and Cornwall announced that the delogue was a clear warning to the other tenants who don't keep to the house order.
This goes to those who think they can behave without self-charges as well as to those damaged by such behavior, "she said.
Devon and Cornwall police will never tolerate criminal and anti-social behaviour that will continue to work with partners to protect our communities.
Tourists in Portugal panicked after a deep-flying military beach overflowed
Sunniers in Aveiro, Portugal experienced the shock of her life
A Portuguese P-3C Orion aircraft of the air force put an incredible crash
The air forces said it was on a training flight but insisted that no security risk
This was the moment in which terrified tourists start to panic after a profound jet crashes over a full beach.
Dramatic video footage showed how the military plane flew nearly in tangible close to the sunbathers on the beachfront in Aveiro in northern Portugal.
The holidaymakers jumped when they understandably started to worry about the noise of the jet engines without first seeing what came through the clouds on them.
The incident occurred yesterday afternoon in Costa Nova, near Aveiro.
Daniel Fernandes, one of the many holidaymakers who posted videos about the dramatic fly-by in the social media, said: it flew twice really very deep and there was a moment when it looked like it were crashing. "
Nuno Arroja added: "I was just surfing and it felt like the plane falling on me."
Tourists on the beach of Aveiro were panicked when the aircraft came from darkness and incredibly low
Portuguese air forces today admitted that the pilot of the P-35 Orion plane was on a training flight to identify fishing boats off the coast and had to fly so deeply that this was the only way to detect them.
The spokesman said the jet flew slightly deeper than usual because of the bad visibilities nearby, but the air forces insisted that safety was not at risk of time.
Land fires have destroyed parts of the Portuguese mainland this summer, where four people on the island of Madeira came to death.
Portuguese air forces today admitted that the pilot had to fly deep because of the conditions - strong fog and fire smoking, which limited its view
The plane was on a training flight where the pilot had to identify fishing boats as part of the exercise
Supercup: Barca with worries against Seville
Sevilla - The FC Barcelona is fighting Sunday about the first step in the first title gain in the new football season.
The Catalans join the duel around the Spanish Supercup against FC Sevilla, the replay rises three days later in Camp No.
The double winner must renounce in power measurements with the underlying cup finalists and ruling Europa League champion among others, who denies the Olympic football tournament with Brazil.
Moreover, Goalie Marc-Andre is also missing.
The German suffered a tape in the knee in training, clearing the question at Barca at least for now in favor of Claudio Bravo.
The Chilean International and Ter Stegren have been wagging in Barcelona for two years around the status as a number one.
Coach Luis Enrique renounced this so far on a clear decision and left Bravo in the league, but Ter Stegen in most of the rest of the applications.
Before the first duty of the new game, there is doubt at the Spanish master about the fitness condition of the team, which was humiliated on Saturday in a Test match from Liverpool with 0: 4.
Even at the 3-2 in trial against Sampdoria on Wednesday, Lionel Messi and Co. didn't really know yet.
Seville again has the 2-3 defeat after extension in the European supercup against Real Madrid, seeking the second triumph at the SuperCopa de Espana.
Barcelona is with 11 successes of the record winners in this application so far.
Ma Long in a separate league to table tennis gold
Rio de Janeiro - The Chinese Ma Long is the new table tennis champion.
The 27-year-old defeated Thursday in Rio de Janeiro in a one-sided final his compatriot and title defender Zhang Jike 4: 0 (12,5,4,4).
As a result, the World Ranking First picked up the Golden Grand Slam with successes at World Cup, World Tour final tournament and just Olympia.
Bronze went to the Japanese Jun Mizutani.
The two Chinese have made it as expected into the final match and made the title among each other.
As a result, it was clear that for the third time in a row, a Chinese would pick up the individual title in the sign of the five rings.
Last non-Chinese on the top Olympic treck was the former SVS legioner Ryu Seung-min from South Korea.
Ma and Zhang were leaving themselves on the plate alone, between the sentences and time-outs did not have any coaches at them.
They had withdrawn to the grandstand, leaving their protesters in the fair competition alone.
'The matches to here I played for my country.
In the final I play for me, "had Zhang consistently said.
After the party posed gold and silver medal winners with the China flag.
The match itself was unexpectedly unilateral.
Ma had really struggled with his 28-year-old opponent only in the first set.
Afterwards, he determined the pace on the plate and left Zhang from just a total of 13 points.
By the superiority of Ma's developed, not the expected stirring match.
But nonetheless, were sufficiently breathtaking ball changes.
Mizutani won the game by bronze against the 40-year-old Vladimir Samsonov 4: 1.
The Belarussian had a rib injury in his quarterfinals against German champion Dimitry Ovtcharov, which was then in medical treatment, had to content herself with sheet metal.
By the way, Sweden's Jan-Ove Waldner (38 / 2004) and Jörgen Persson (42 / 2008) were in similarly high table tennis age.
Donald Trump concedes UNK huge problems in campaigning
The leadership of U.S. Republicans is plagued by massive concerns, even in traditionally conservative states to lose their majority.
Presidential candidate Donald Trump now gave weaknesses of his election campaign in the previous Republican strike Utah.
A rare moment where the normally large-scale and confident multimillionaire expressed anything like concerns about how correspondents reported.
Having thrown 16 rivals within their own Republican camp, the doubts are now growing on his success in the battle for the White House.
We have huge problems in Utah, "said Trump in front of evangelical Christians, which he called for support in key federal states such as Ohio, Florida or Virginia.
The fault was false reports of his candidacy, he took his well-known media place again.
Republican strongholds
Utah is usually a secure bank for Republicans.
A poll from Surveyusa from June said Trump and his competitor from Democrats, Hillary Clinton, were the same.
Other institutes see Trump forward, but not with the distance common for Republican candidates in the state.
As endangered, Arizona and Georgia also apply.
In an interview by the station's CNBC, Trump responded to the question of how he wanted to stop the rise of Clinton's again: 'as much as I have done so far.
And afterwards: this will be either successful, or I'll make a very beautiful, long holiday. "
He does nothing else to tell the truth.
If it doesn't enough for him for reasons of political correctness, that's fine, Trump said.
Then I return to a very good lifestyle.
According to press reports, Trump's party is to have threatened to remove money to support his campaign, should he not be able to present better poll results.
Instead of wanting to strengthen the Republicans' candidates for Congress.
Olympia: threesty fraud in doping test
The IOC wants to set up a disciplinary commission on the case.
Kenya's athletes are threatened after the second doping affair at the Rio de Janeiro Olympics.
After a fraud attempt at a doping control in the Olympic village, Kenya has sent a coach home.
The International Olympic Committee told to immediately set up a disciplinary commission to investigate the case.
A Kenyan official had told that the former sprinter and today's coach, John Anzrah, made a urine sample under the name of the 800-metre runner Ferguson Rotich's name.
This has been reported by the team management of Kenya by the doping inspectors.
The IAAF World Association has asked the IOC to inform the case to engage its own investigations, an IAAF spokesman said.
Depending on the results of the investigation and the IOC's following measures, the IAAF will make an assessment, "it said in an IAAF statement.
He (American) has gone to the doping control station and has spent themselves as Ferguson Rotich, the test made and signed, "explained Kenyan chief executive de Mission Stephan Arap Soi.
He was in possession of the athlete's accreditation, which was on the list for training controls of the World Anti-Doping Agency.
Ferguson Rotich was in Beijing's World Cup fourth over 800 metres in 2015.
Four days earlier, Kenyan athletics delegation chief Michael Rotich had been withdrawn from the Rio Games.
He is expected to be informed against money payments athletes of his country over upcoming doping tests.
According to media reports, he should have been arrested in his return at Nairobi airport.
Kenya faces IOC after numerous doping offences have been under special observation for a long time.
When announcing the IOC launched more than 2,000 doping target controls before the Rio Games, unusually previously pointed out that particularly athletes will be targeted from Kenya and Russia.
The World Anti-Doping Agency had played a lot of pressure on the African country before the summer Games, creating an anti-doping law and a functioning control system.
The law was passed a few weeks before Olympic begins.
In a row, WADA Kenya took off from the list of countries whose doping compliance is compliant with WADA rules.
Kenya is considered a big runner nation.
The country's athletes won at the 2015 World Cup in Beijing most medals.
In a series of television reports from the ARD, allegations have been raised repeatedly that in Kenya doping funds are easily accessible and there should be a significant mentality of sports fraud.
IOC member Richard Pound last called for a similar investigation into Kenya as he employed her in Russian athletics.
In doing so, it was possible to prove that in this sport, it was covered and systematically doped.
Russia's athletes were then ruled out from the summer games.
Salzburg's West Side Story with Cecilia Bartoli
In the Shakespeare year, the Salzburg Festival presents the West Side Story, with Tony and Maria as a tragic love couple, similar to Romeo and Julia.
With a surprising Cecilia Bartoli.
A Musical captures Salzburg: the West Side Story, Leornard Bernstein's masterpiece.
Artistic director Cecilia Bartoli wanted to bring the musical into the temple of the classic and met with the role of Mary a youth dream.
In the orchestra, the Simón Bolívar orchestra, led by the Venezuelan conductor Gustavo Dudamel: this music is full of rhythm, he swarms.
We always say it is very Latin American.
There are a lot of Latin American ingredients at their pace and their melody.
It's a wonderful mix, the perfect recipe for our orchestra.
I would say we really have Bernst's music in our blood!
In this production, Bartoli plays an older Maria.
She remembers with hurt of her love with Tony, while the younger Maria plays and dances.
The role of Mary has always fascinated me.
First, because it's musically extraordinary!
And then there would be Maria's personality.
She says in her song: "I feel pretty, oh pretty, feel pretty and witty and bright."
So it's wise, of course, naive, and very passionate.
She resembles me very much, my Italian character I have as a Roman, laughs Bartoli.
Dudamel is full of praise for the opera singer: "Cecilia is a wonderful artist."
It's such an honour for us to work with it.
She is an immensely generous person.
And Bartoli gives the compliment back: "Dudamel is such an exceptional artist and very passionate!!
Conducting is a necessity for him.
You see it in every one of his movements, in his looks, it's his life!
It's such a huge chance of sharing this musical experience with him.
We both have a more southern temperament, a fire, a passion and also a happy approach to life, that's very important at all!
For American director Philip World, McKinley is the West Side Story highly topical: this piece is about prejudice and fanaticism. "
Today we have the refugees, then the Puertorians went to New York, and the New York residents didn't want them.
They are the same issues and they are just as meaningful today as they are.
59 years later, the piece is still relevant.
London schoolgirl, which joined the IS, was killed in Syria
Kadiza Sultana, one of three British schoolgirls who left London last year to join the IS, died reports in Syria.
Lawyer Tasnime Acunnee said her family learned a few weeks ago from her death in Raqqa, Syria.
It was suspected that it was killed by a Russian air strike in Raqqa, the bullet of the group in the country, told ITV News on Thursday.
Sultana was 17 years old and died shortly after she planned to leave the war-torn country and return to England.
One can only hope that the only good is in it - as a reminder and warning to others that this is the risks associated with going into a war - people from ever to make that decision, "said Akunjee.
In February 2015, Sultana and two other schoolgirls from east London rose to an aircraft towards Turkey and then to a bus to the Syrian border.
Sultana's family was told she married an ISIS fighter in Syria - and within a few months to widow.
Reid says Clinton will remain in the case of an election victory at Garland as candidate for the Supreme Court
Harry Reid, leader of the Democrats in the Senate, is convinced that the Democrats' presidential candidate, Hillary Clinton will nominate the judge Merrick Garland for the Supreme Court.
Republicans in the Senate have blocked Garland's confirmation since his nomination by Barack Obama in March.
The majority leader in the Senate Mitch McConnell believes the next president will appoint the successor of the late Justice Antonin Scalia.
Reid said Thursday during a phone conference that he expects Clinton to select Garland with a degree of certainty.
A spokeswoman from Reid said later that he had not yet spoken to Clinton she would nominate Garland and he speculated.
He praised Garland and said Clinton's team wouldn't worry for unrest with a new candidate.
Garland is the top judge for the U.S. Appellation Court for the District of Columbia.
Raid said Republicans were blocking the Garland nomination, were Lakayes and aides of Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump.
He also noted Donald Trump was inappropriate for the presidential office.
Treats wants nude calendar for women and for men
The Treats magazine works with the photographer David Bellemere to bring out a 1970s Pirelli-inspired calendar for 2017.
But instead of famous naked people, they want to find the next generation of top models for their muse calendar for 2017.
The editor-in-chief of Treats Steve Shaw told us earlier this year that his naked magazine of Oldschool Playboys was distinguished, as Playboy was for men.
I do this for women.
Apparently, he thinks it does the calendar as well.
We need to return to the portrayal of timeless and classic nature, where both women and men feel comfortable and feel inspired by these images of a female body, "said Shaw in a press release to release the calendar.
Women will want to take part in this project because it's a beautiful work of art.
Models can submit their images online or personally at open casting call in Los Angeles and New York.
Turkey: Kurdish community expects mass fleeing
Who doesn't adjust and praise Erdogan, sits on packed suitcases, "says the chairman of the Gülen-New Foundation dialogue and world, Ercan Karakoyun.
The Kurdish community of Germany reckons in the short term with tens of thousands of protections fleeing from Turkey to Germany.
In the medium term, it could even become a few hundred thousand, believes the association chairman Ali Toprak.
Because of the tough approach by Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan after the coup attempt, the Kurdish community of Germany expects a mass flight to Germany.
In the short run I reckon with tens of thousands, medium-term with some hundred thousand protection seekers from Turkey in Germany, when the Erdogan regime continues to fight the minorities and the Democratic opposition, "says the Association of Association Ali Toprak of the World of Friday.
Because the government already overcame Kurdish strongholds with penalties months ago, 500,000 Kurds were on the run within Turkey.
After the thwarted coup added secular and opposition ethnic Turks.
Many will want to restart in Europe if they continue to suppress in Turkey.
It cannot be that a state that includes even refugees produces refugees in its own country, "said Toprak.
The association complained the targeted settlement of Syrian Arabs in Kurdish, but also in alert cities.
As a result, Erdogan wants to increase exit pressure on the remaining Kurds.
They are the last major minority in Turkey, the Christian Armenians and Greeks have been eradicated or displaced in the past hundred years, "said Toprak, who is also CDU member.
The association's chief called for the federal government to position itself as sharp as Austria against Erdogan and his supporters. "
Also in Germany, a witch hunt takes place against Erdogan critics.
I don't feel safe in Germany in recent months for the first time.
The German branch of the Gülen movement also fears the flight of many Turks abroad.
More Turks will look for asylum in Germany, especially Kurds and opposition officials.
The fire mark as Gülen supporters destroys teachers and other academics the professional existence.
Who doesn't adapt and praise Erdogan, sits on packed suitors, by the way, including the Kemalists and seculars, "said Ercan Karakoyun, chairman of the Gülen near dialogue and education, the world.
As the newspaper reported, citing figures from the Federal Interior Ministry, the Turks already posed the biggest group of asylum-seekers recognised in Germany because of political persecution.
On the cut-off date June 30, this were 11,386 people, and therefore just under 29 per cent of all as asylum recognised (39,625).
This survey did not find themselves fled to war, poverty or perspective.
Asylum entitlements under the basic law are exclusively political, therefore by government side, individually persecuted.
Mecklenburg power: 'going where it hurts
Strange Mecklenburg powers: the locals get nothing back from the summer campaign with - and the holidaymakers from North North West West are not allowed to choose the country.
In Mecklenburg, they understood.
In 2021, the land election will not take place directly at the end of the summer holidays, the heavy parliament has already decided earlier this year.
Because than before, it's not about: summer holidays, heat and rural election campaign - biting.
The locals to be convinced by campaigners are on holiday.
Most holidaymakers who are in the country on Usedom, Russia or Hiddensee are not locals, so they may not vote the country.
These are practical problems: in the holidays, workers who hang posters hang up, blowing balloons, distributing flyers and counting at the end of votes, only painful to feature.
By the time of September 2016, the election and last holiday day, Mecklenburg Pomeranians once still have to campaign barely past themselves over.
The hot period, if you can say that ever, has just begun.
And it's also about something: Prime Minister Erwin Sellering, leader of a SPD / CDU coalition, must fear for his office.
The SPD, since 1998's strongest party, is now clear in polls behind the CDU.
Exciting, how strongly New AfD cuts down and what remains left on the end of the coalition.
Celering, 66 years old and since 2008 chief executives, makes an almost inconspicuous election campaign, seeing its big posters.
He travels through land, distributing roses and chatting a little with people, just as it also did his legendary worthy predecessor Harald Ringstorff.
Otherwise, sailoring has got cold feet and gives Chancellor Merkel blamed on the bloom of the AfD.
Their refugee policy, her we create that, have accelerated the rise of legal populists, which will probably cost him the beautiful office.
The CDU with its top candidate, Interior Minister Lorenz Caffier, has already experienced how it is when you make election campaigning at the wrong time at the right place.
She has invited twice Chancellor Angela Merkel to big rallies; Merkel federal election constituency is in the Northeast.
But the target group did not agree, there were more North Rhine Westphalians, Berliners and Saxony than Mecklenburger and premeditation.
As there was probably the majority from other federal states, Vincent cocktails, general secretary of the CDU in Mecklenburg, recently in the NDR.
But it is also a pity no one from other corners of Germany to listen once Angela Merkel.
Otherwise, the northeastern CDU is largely renouncing the usual campaign standings on marketplaces and before shopping centres with sunshines and aerial balloons.
That, so thinks costume, play only a 'subdued role. "
The union has also noted that on the country, it takes away the base that it needs to be very exhausted again to find a wire to people.
You go like the left, the SPD, the Greens: barely available in the expansions of the country.
However, the CDU campaigner's concern to his comrades is also self-defensive: "you have to go where it hurts, namely where people are: village festivals, Golden Weddings, every birthday party must be used."
Because much is at stake, Sellering has now called on his SPD to a particularly committed campaign.
In polls, the Social Democrats were last with 22 per cent behind partners CDU (25) and just before the AfD (19).
At the 2011 election, the SPD had still clearly won 35.6 per cent before the CDU (22).
The Greens, small party with seven per cent in the polls, are likely to create the jump in the country.
They make out of holiday distress a modern virtue and move their campaigning largely to the internet.
Online campaigning, calling it the country's chairman Claudia Müller.
Otherwise, green campaigners are encountering lane search for domestic voting citizens among the holidaymakers.
Silke Gajek, the top candidate, is straight with a houseboat through the mecklenburgic lakes and it also finds it still beautiful.
Her impression: 'polling holidays in Mecklenburg is not a punishment. "
B27 rehabilitation: restaurants suffer from blocking
There's nothing to mean by the speed with which the B 27 is sane.
For those responsible for the construction works, which start at 5.30am in the morning and only end up at about 8pm, there's allential praise.
They've done everything pretty zacking, "told Elvira Tetzlaff of the Jet petrol station.
That's a super super.
There is no delay either.
The building site could be relocated to the south at the start of the week by the end of October, everything is expected to finish.
It also praises the accommodation of those responsible for construction work, such as when it comes to setting up behind driveways.
Since the construction site has migrated to the south on Monday, and also lifted the locking of the Asperstrasse in Ofterdingen and therefore the connection to Rottenburg again, the traffic situation within the place has relaxed.
Citizens can now be on both sides from oftendons from the B 27.
The extraction traffic through the place seems to go back.
Since there was partially significant complaint, "says the deputy manager Florian King's responsible deputy management of traffic management.
Residents of Beith Street, Steinschargstrasse, Hafnerstrasse and Weiherrain had been fighting with more traffic noise because many of the cruises were looking for and more familiar to their navi than the signage.
What led to some trucks fractured in residential areas.
Since the speed limits were not complied with, the community increased the measuring vehicle.
There were significant excesses, "says King, who made himself on the ground about the situation.
There have been two to three per minute.
The fastest was travelling with 77 hour kilometres in the pace 30-zone.
Since the building site has continued, but it has become quiet.
For businessmen at the B 27, it's only a small consolation that for customers from Rottenburn, the street is now open again.
Business people are not liked to look into the cards.
But that the B-27 remodeling has resulted in revenue growth in them, leaving everyone you ask.
However, some are more and some less affected.
Anyone with the end customer has less to do, so for other firms, the clean-up has barely consequences.
Even at the automaker Maier, Thomas Sulz speaks of a "maximum slight decline, but also acknowledges that, of course, the running story is missing."
The most battered are the locals along the road.
J. Albert Göhner, owner of the steakhouse, foremost crown, finds clear words.
This is already an existential threat.
Not only him, but all the restaurants hit it's hard. "
There was a lack of customers from Hechingen, Balingen and Rottweil.
We have got to be happy about any euro sales.
The revenue loss is quanting on "well over 50 per cent."
The roadblocks have dropped his operation by two years. "
Half of his employees have had to dismiss.
If I had a company with 4000 staff and half would have been dismissed, politics would have responded differently.
Instead, government president Jörg Schmidt has responded to a question from Göhner, whether there could be a financial compensation, with the reference to responding that the restaurant will otherwise benefit from the benefits of the situation on the B 27 now, they also have to wear the disadvantages that result from the rehabilitation.
Göhners know from other counties where something like this has been handled more generously.
In all complaints, Göhner is sure to continue his restaurant.
After all, family operations have been located here since 1715, pointing to the long history.
That other regulars now look less frequent because of the complicated traffic management can understand.
If you can't hear it, it's beautiful even elsewhere.
The fact that his regular climbers come back after the end of the remedial work, Göhner has no doubts.
Despite the crises with BSE and bird flu, Göhner holds the impact of the B7 construction work on its clients for the biggest crisis that has experienced its restaurant history in its longstanding story.
Six months of construction work, this is already brutal.
It is constantly being screwed up in the name of combating terrorism.
After the recent attacks, Interior Minister de Maizière now presents a thick security package.
But what has a toleration status to do with terror?
And what does the coalition partner say about all this?
Thomas de Maizière gives the reconciliation.
All of his proposals were politically reasonable to the Coalition Partner, says the Federal Minister on the idea of his new security package.
They don't overcome anyone.
Other, further points would be discussed inside the parties initially.
I'm also participating in that.
As an interior minister, however, he was located in results and on a 'achievable consensus within the coalition.
De Maizière has passed a little time after recent attacks in Würzburg and Ansbach before presenting his conclusions for security in the Republic.
The falls for this, though, are all the more extensive.
Some is already known, announced: that a new security agency is to take care of the crackdown encrypted communications is not new.
Nor does Germany have to implement several EU requirements on passenger data and gun law.
The call for more video surveillance and staff for security authorities comes just as not surprisingly.
Partly, de Maizière launches a second run for suggestions that have not been made with the SPD so far: he wants to punish sympathy for terrorist groups and punish jihadists with double citizenship off the German passport.
This will be difficult points for the SPD, admits to the CDU man.
He doesn't consider this to be reasonable and also demands nothing that doesn't have any chances at the coalition partner anyway.
A few new ideas presented de Maizière as well.
They have it partly in themselves: it plans to speed up quick procedures for deportation and more opportunities to determine people before deportation.
Refugees targeted in the country are expected to check their smartphones before and disclose social media accounts for a security review.
In tolerations for rejected asylum seekers, he wants some even worse than previously - such as those who commit offences or throw away their papers to cover up their identity.
Some of this is political and legally delicate.
Some are also still impossible and leaves questions open.
And on some points - during inequality of tolerated for example - the question poses: what actually does this have to do with security and terror?
Yes, says de Maizière is important to differentiate between the issues of refugees and terror.
But it doesn't conclude, yes, that the assassins of Ansbach and Werzburg were refugees.
Moreover, given the high refugee figures, many people were concerned about security.
And things that people deeply employed now also didn't exclude even in campaign time.
Internal security is enormous in the focus.
Only the attacks in the neighborhood: Paris, Copenhagen, Brussels, Nice.
Then the attacks in Wirzburg and Ansbach.
The uncertainty is great.
And yes, there are campaigning.
Union and SPD are therefore increasingly in position on the issue of internal security.
In the past few days, it was high between the two parties.
Just a garden dispute over the federal police, then about a security ideas collection of some Union interior ministers, in which the residents "leaders also demand a burka ban and a departure from dual citizenship.
De Maizière is also struggling here to be conciliatory tones.
From a departure from double passport, he didn't have anything.
We pacified the discussion in Germany.
Remodeling them is not meaningful.
And in a burka ban, he had constitutional concerns.
Whether its own package on all corners is constitutional and whether it is actually reasonable for the coalition partner, has yet to show.
There is something in it what could provide controversy.
But the SPD is also currently trying to profit on the issue of internal security.
Leader Sigmar Gabriel only signals cautious discussion readiness and says: "the SPD is prepared to talk about everything that helps to increase security further."
Still, Volkswagen comes through.
Despite diesel scandals, extradition figures rise worldwide.
But not in all markets runs around.
In the recall action, there's swirling about a term.
Volkswagen launches behaviour in the deliveries in the second half.
Europe's largest automaker can continue to provide a plus in the previous year despite the diesel effects thanks to its many brands and some well-running markets.
But in July, the core brand VW weakened in western Europe, putting it back to the total sale, as the company noted in the Dax.
Worldwide, the brand VW sold in July with 449,000 cars 1.8 per cent fewer vehicles than in the previous month.
In Western Europe alone, to China the second most important market, sales were 14 per cent under the previous month.
In Germany's home market, the deliveries slipped by almost a sixth.
Brand distributor Jürgen Stackmann led the weaker figures from July, especially on two sales days less in Europe.
In addition, in some core markets, by changing economic framework conditions, there was a buying retention.
In addition to the situation around the coup in Turkey, the British vote to leave from the EU has also explained a spokeswoman.
In the US, where the exhaust affair escalated first, it also continues to be a minuscule.
Big supporters for VW is the Chinese market.
Overall, the mainly affected household brand of Lower Saxony continues to come by the diesel scandal anyway: after the first seven months, only an extradition minus falls from 0.9 per cent to 3.37 million vehicles.
Group sales chief Fred Kappler could continue to provide a sales plug from January to July.
1.3 per cent more vehicles delivered Volkswagen at this time, worldwide 5.904 million.
Volkswagen had manipulated with a software exhaust gas.
In Germany alone, VW calls 2.5 million cars to convert into the workshops.
In the wake of conversion, VW reaffirmed that the reconstruction of the cars has no negative effects.
After converting the vehicles, there is no deterioration in fuel consumption, carbon emissions or engine performance.
The automaker presents customers after converting a "guarantee certificate, but don't speak of a" guarantee, as opposed to corporate circles on Friday.
The reason is legal fine units.
The focus had reported that Volkswagen is now granting its German customers a guarantee for revamped diesel models.
This would have confirmed VW representatives in the Federal Department of Department last Monday.
Confirmed from the Department of Transport that there was this meeting.
VW has fully fulfilled the conditions of my investigative commission and the KBA. "
Deviations of these are not accepted, "said Federal Transport Minister Alexander Dobrindt (CSU), according to the ministry.
VW has taken the guarantee that in fuel consumption, carbon emissions or engine power after conversion, there will be no deterioration and have all type-approved vehicle values unchanged.
Volkswagen itself uses the term's guarantee but not as it did in corporate circles.
In the vast term's guarantee, Volkswagen sees the possibility that, for example, customers could come into a workshop for example after conversion - and this could return to the new software, even if the damage has nothing to do with it.
Even in customer interest, it is important to avoid the fact that any other damage that has nothing to do with the exhaust scandal comes to an uncertainty about possible warranty arrangements, as it does.
That's why VU doesn't use the term's guarantee.
Raiffeisenbank Gmund at Tegernsee requires rich savers in future criminal interest rates - as a second institute in Germany.
Bank chief executive Josef Paul said Thursday: "it's only 139 customers who park 40 million euros on giro or daily accounts."
The Federal Association of Deutsche Banks speaks of an individual case and does not see it as a signal: ordinary savers would not need to be afraid to pay for their savings criminal penalties.
Camp banks money overnight at the European Central Bank (ECB), must pay their 0.4 per cent penalty.
This fee requires Raiffeisenbank Gmund from September from private and corporate customers for deposits over £100,000 to giro or daily accounts.
"The first £100,000 are free."
The next 100,000 costs £400 in the year, "Paul said.
He has been wary of 40 million euros for some time, which could be lifted from one day to the other and which he couldn't recover.
"They are on the central bank account and cause 0.4 per cent cost," the bank's chief said.
I can't hint for every million 4,000 euros. "
The cost he now continues after the polluter principle is now.
Letting the cash just be in the trespasses of the Raiffeisenbank would be far too dangerous: I have experienced four overs, I don't want to get the fifth of them!, "the bank's board said.
Most customers would have understanding and changed to other investment forms.
Few wandered to other banks.
The Co-operative Association Bayern said: the ECB's extreme monetary policy course causes significant costs at all banks. "
Carrying it alone is business permanently not possible. "
Some German banks have therefore increased their charges for account, credit cards or transfers.
With criminal interest rates for deposits of three million euros, the Thuringer People and Raiffeisenbank Altenburger Land had made headlines with their Skatbank branch in 2014.
Michael Kemmer, chief executive director of the banking association, said: "we don't expect private customers to have to pay coverage of charges for deposits, so the competition in Germany is far too strong in Germany under banks and savings banks."
A banker said there's on the Tegernsee there's been a clientele that is slightly luxurious from the assets. "
This can become the problem for a little bank's problem when they are wary of free money.
The 1911 Co-operative Bank Gmund has branches in Bad Wiessee, Rottach-Egern, Kreuth and Tegernese.
In the region, familiar actors, athletes and entrepreneurs live.
The Co-operative Association Bayern is currently not known any other banks that charge a replacement for deposits of private clients, "spokesman seriously said.
The president of the Federal Federation of German People's Banks and Raiffeisenbanken (BVR), Uwe happiness, had explained at the end of June: "the threshold, into negatives towards the private client, is very, very high."
The competition is hard, and it faces the migration of investors to competition.
Customers in Germany will not like that in the width.
Destination records: who actually buys records?
Lonely men's middle-aged records.
Before rushing to the commentary to overturn him under the pseudonym non-selling men's age with rough insults, this statement is heading from current data.
According to YouGov, the much-discussed resurgence of records is not on a boom in Millennials who want to welcome the news of physical objects, but attributable to midlife nostalgia.
Those who recently bought a plate are all predicted to be aged between 45 and 54.
In fact, the age group of 18-24 is the most unlikely buyer group.
Nor is it hordes through hobby collectors - it has an emotional significance: older record buyers retain their feelings more for themselves (56% vs. 53%) and enjoy spending alone time (69% vs 66 per cent).
But do YouGov's results vote?
If this blog would be a news report on television, the camera would follow me while I run amid a busy street in Soho, wearing a modest grey suit before I stand, keep my hands and say something definitely like: 'let's throw us a closer look at it. "
So, let us look at it.
Even though the heart of Soho is slowly losing its charm, hotels, restaurants and offices now fill the buildings where once independent sellers were based - there is still a handful of fantastic record specialist business.
I would ask the cameraman to turn off the camera for the next part, in which I stand in close proximity to various men in such stores and trying to assess their age and mind by observation.
Stuart from Glasgow, 55, whom I do from Sister Ray (data count: two young women, three men's middle age) to the Reckless Records (data number: eight men's middle age, a woman, presumably around the 20), is one day long because of a meeting in London and goes through the business to fill the couple of hours.
Is he a collector, I ask?
I'm already appreciating, "he says.
I have about 3,000 or 4,000 records.
These records, above pictured (he sent me the snapshot by email, I didn't follow him home), dress up the walls of his living room.
The reason why he owns such a significant number of albums and singles, is the result of his available income: he is now capable of buying records that he couldn't afford when they appeared and once again buying items he sold when he was young and bust.
'Many things I buy are from the late 60s, early 70s who appeared when I was 11 or 12, things I was probably too young to buy them, "he says.
He agrees that those who buy plates are more introverted and like to spend time alone, adding: 'I don't smoke and I don't drink very much.
That's my last.
WEZ, 25, who works at Sister Ray, also believes many customers he meets on the YouGov profile.
However, he has also noticed a new wave of people affected by the media, people who have heard about the comeback and prompting to buy again their old plates.
Of the talks I have led, people generally relented in 1998 or 1999 of their collection.
Customers who once sold their records to buy CDs now sell their CDs to buy again their records, "he says.
This would explain the boom to supporters of the record revival of a certain age.
But what about the alleged emotional significance of records?
It takes only a few seconds in a business like Phonica to realise that record business offers a soothing community of peers.
According to WEZ, some of the older customers took push to the contactless payment system.
Some record fans feel overwhelmed by the digital world and would like to withdraw to the stability of familiar records, from objects that recall happy youth reminders.
I think sometimes it can be the filling of an emptiness or possession of material possessions than some sort of consolation, "WEZ WEZ.
That's with me as a collector and I think it's happening among many people.
It's an easy way to deal mentally.
We're like their social workers!, a staff from a record stack.
A survey by the ICM in April revealed that nearly 50% of people who bought a record last month have not yet listened.
The survey also found that 41% own a record player they never use, while 7% of those buying a record do not own a record player.
At this time of the news report I would presumably look very concerned while I leave through a stack of Bossa Nova compilations.
Jonny, 42, who works at Sounds of the Universe (data number: three men of middle age), has noticed a trophy aspect of the revival.
"Someone only recently came here recently and said: 'I don't own a record player, but I'd like to buy a radiochead record so I can put them into the shelf," he says.
This is not a huge percentage, but it definitely happens.
More product, less music.
We have people who say I don't have a record player...
These are younger people, not older, who only slowly get in.
Fopp, which devoted the record almost an entire floor, has a bungled audience than I get in.
There are couples around the 70, tourists who make the photographs, teenage and women of middle age.
Although the atmosphere is slightly less relaxed than in the aforementioned businesses - Wild Beast's latest synthesizer and sex-packed pop instead of experimental jazz browns from the loudspeakers - it's good to see such diversity among customers.
None of them look particularly lonely, but nagging mental trauma are hard to determine when you're standing alongside someone 30 seconds.
Elanora, 27, has been running around in the business for some minutes and considers the variety of the records on sale.
She's more likely to make a story stroll than a major purchase.
It doesn't earn much, so the collection of plates is not a real option, she says.
It costs a lot.
It's easy to hear music from a computer or in other ways, but the beauty of plates is... "she drives with a lovely sigh.
I don't know how I should explain it - it's really unique.
My last stop is a business, which is believed to have inspired a new generation of record lovers: urban outfitters.
While I look at the appearance of patting the Jeans-Hottans, I watched a group of young teenagers who are grouping for a moment around Polaroid cameras before a father and his daughter are considering buying a Crosley record player.
To the left, there is a staircase, a wall full of plates of Adele, Jeff Buckley, Amy Winehouse and Fleetwood Mac: a mix of contemporary music and classics, the essential records for an average collection.
No one sees them - perhaps because they are just purely decorative, some so top that it's impossible to grab them.
It's pure record art.
But given that any attraction for these items means more money for the industry and could send some customers into the depths of Sohos for more, there is nothing to complain.
It's no surprise that a population group, which has more time and money than others, is also the one who spends most for luxury items such as records.
Even though my investigations showed that the results of YouGov vote, they let them, at least in plate shops in Soho, leave the large number of female collectors who exist in reality, record business and online forums.
These people are probably working hard in school or in offices.
They spend their Thursday tomorrow with certainty not with the strolls through plate shops of the Berwick Street and leaves through records while avoiding the startling look of an unruly, 30-year-old's false presenter who appears over the shoulders of nothing middle-aged men.
The Greenlandhai is the longest living vertebrae - video report
Scientific saying that the Greenlandhai has the longest life span of all vertebrates on the planet.
Julius Nielsen, who is investigating sharks, says the record was on a female of which is expected to be between 272 and 512 years old and five yards long
French court rejects offer on demolition of business in the jungle refugee camp
A French court has rejected an offer by authorities in Calais, dozens of provisional stores and restaurants in the jungle of Calais, where thousands of refugees live.
During a trial this week, the authorities in Calais argued that the state should be authorized to deflect 72 provisional businesses in which people within the camp, from cigarettes to energy drinks, offer hairdressing services or sell tea for 50 cents (40 pence) or simple meals for a few euros in provisional restaurants.
The Calais prefecture argued that these places should be torn down because they would represent a parallel economy from which no taxes would be paid and that there would be a fire and sanitary risk.
Humanitarian groups told the court that the shops and restaurants were important as free meals offered by the government-backed association and other groups would not provide enough food for the growing figures in the camp.
They also led to the fact that the provisional business and restaurants would often provide accommodation and free meals for people in distress.
A court in Lille decided that there was no legal basis for expulsion of people who operate the 72 provisional businesses, but conceded that the concerns of Calais's prefecture were absolutely understandable. "
The judge Jean-François Molla said that food businesses, cafes and restaurants would play a much larger role than merely feed people who live in extremely precarious conditions.
He said the areas offer quiet meeting points between refugees and volunteers.
One of the places threatened by the riot was the Jungle Book kids "cafe of the camp, which is operated unnecessarily and offers 200 meals a day, English and French classes as well as advice on asylum cases for the hundreds of vulnerable, unaccompanied minors in the camp.
More than 170,000 people have signed the petition to keep the kids' cafe.
In a letter to the Guardian, it said the closure would be "for these children of a disaster, of which the latest eight years old."
The two aid agencies Help Refugees and L Auberge of the Migrants estimated on Friday that the number of those in the jungle camp had risen to over 9,000 people - the highest number to now - following a steep increase in new arrivals during the summer.
Despite Olympic disappointment: Martin remains combative
Despite his disappointing appearance in the Olympic time, cycling professional Tony Martin doesn't want to walk up.
I continue to keep the World Cup in mind, remain confident and fighting further, "the 31-year-old wrote on Thursday before his departure from Rio de Janeiro at Facebook.
He didn't have a statement for his miserable 12th place on sugar.
I'm honestly struggling to comment on the time yesterday, "Martin thinks.
He would have to calmly analyze what reasons had led to the debacle.
At the time World Cup in October in Qatar, Martin actually wanted to fight the title.
I'm going to look at everything we have changed in recent times. "
This is what matters my position, too, wrote the three-time temporary champion who lost on Wednesday to the 54.5 million more than three minutes on Olympic champion Fabian Cancellara (Switzerland).
Olympia: tennis Siegemand misses semi-finals
The winning structure of Laura Siegemund ended up in the quarterfinals of Rio: the world number 32nd from Metzingen missed through a 1: 6, 6: 6-1 against Monica Puig (Puerto Rico / WTA WTA WTA.
34) the semi-final of the Olympic tennis tone clearly.
Siegemund, who was plagued by back problems, was able to pull their upset only once and compared with the previous rounds powered.
On Thursday, medallist hope Angelique Kerber (Kiel / No.) had the chance to jump into the proposal round.
The Australian Open winner hit British Johanna Konta (No 10).
As a last German tennis professional, Tommy Haas picked up a medal (silver) in 2000 in Sydney.
Two German DTB starters in the quarter-finals of summer games had most recently been given in 1992.
Never before was a German duo in an Olympic singles semi-final.
Group rises in start-up for live video transmissions
Watching other people at playing video games is a huge trend - of which Microsoft wants to benefit as well.
The technology group buys the start-up beam, which specialises in this hobby.
How much money goes for the takeover, Microsoft didn't told Thursday.
Beam went on to start with his offer only in January and already has more than 100,000 users.
They can watch others at the game, but even intervene.
For example, they can give up the players missions and provide enemies as well as equipment items.
The player giant Activision Blizzard starts a new HD video service for the booming world of e-sports.
On the road to global media event, Facebook is scheduled to help.
The advertising industry is already horrified.
The start-ups, which has his seat so far in Seattle in the US state of Washington, draw to Microsoft's headquarters in California Redmond, as well as beam co-founder Matt Salsacendi.
Therefore, there is nothing to change for customers through the taking.
Beam is being integrated into the video game department around the Xbox console, according to Microsoft.
The market of live streaming of video game activity is currently growing rapidly.
Known platforms are twitch and YouTube gaming.
Twitch was bought by online retailer Amazon in 2014 - for nearly $1 billion.
YouTube Gaming belongs to the Google mother's alphabet.
Here comes the enforcement trailer
Germany's rasers need to adjust to the next generation speed knife: in different federal economies, among others in Hessen and Brandenburg, new lightning devices are being tested to effectively transfer paces.
The futuristically acting enforcement trailer of Vitronic from Wiesbaden, for example, can be deployed to accident points, where it would be too dangerous for a mobile measurement by police.
For example, at highway construction construction or sanitary bridges with temporary pace, there is often no needed infrastructure to provide there with a stationary speed limit for complying with the speed limit.
A permanent mobile build-up, however, can be too dangerous or elaborate.
The Enforcement trailer is self-sufficient: his battery at uninterrupted measurement five days, the case data is transmitted over a modem.
With laser measuring technology, all vehicles can also be captured over several marks.
Variable speed limits as well as passing bans after time, line and vehicle class can also be monitored.
In the high-profile condition you can move to supporters, according to manufacturers with each car with supporters.
For it to be not simply clouded, he is lowered in measurement operation, so the wheels in the armored and by the way also disappear.
In addition, a built-in alarm is expected to protect the flash of vandalism.
Since 2015, the trailer has been tested according to Vitronic in different federal states and is now also used.
Foreign authorities are also flashing off with the new technology: recently France has down 100 pieces, according to an order of 150 pieces last year.
Britain picks silver in 7-7 rugby after Fiji Masterclass Gold
Britain's impressive performance at 7-7 rugby arrived in the final Thursday evening to an abrupt stop at the final hurdle in the form of Fiji, when it was beaten with a result of 43-7 at the Deodoro Stadium here in Rio.
Fiji issued a master class in handling, side stepping, neighbours, line and raw force to win gold - her first Olympic medal of any colour.
The defeat was sweetened by the not too bad consolation price of the silver medal - Britain's fourth on that day - and they could well be proud of their efforts in this tournament in which they beat New Zealand, Argentina and South Africa.
The clear defeat of the boks, 7-5 in the semi-final on the same day could fall on them in the finals.
But, regardless, Fiji would have beaten a 15-man team in best form in this form.
It could be a consolation for GB - but will probably not - that at least one Briton will hang a gold medal around his neck: Fijis chief coach Ben Ryan, the former boss for England from Wimbledon.
GB had a difficult way behind.
Eight years ago, they lost under Ryan every game at the Adelaide Sevens.
They lost only here.
This slap will hurt, but the progress is amazing.
Fiji began wonderful and left the attacks GBs out of fun.
It felt for the captain Tom Mitchell and Co. as if you were going to run in travelling buses... the World Series winners went 5-0 up, when Osea Kolinisau rebounded in the corner.
With still four minutes of season, Jerry Tuwai still added another attack from the right corner he converted.
12-0 and GB hardly covered the ball.
A heavy tackle from Mitchell stopped stopping the mountain of man Leone Nakarawa a third goal, but it just stopped Fiji.
In the seventh minute, JASA Veremalua in the right corner was a touchdown and it stood 0-17 for GB.
Nakarawa added a new since the replay and there was still over a minute of season... in the first half.
Vatemo Ravouvou presented by further weak tacklings of the GB team and stormed up to the line to make a gateway.
The conversion brought a 29-0 to the break.
It's like Fiji was born to play the 7, while GB still learns.
That's how it is.
GB conducted fundamental changes at half-time by and concluded the Fijian gap.... for a whole four minutes, which was good for the conditions of the first half well until Josua Tuisova gone through Fiji after a brilliant interim play.
Dan Norton started an attempt for GB, made a touchdown in the left corner for a 36-7, but the game has long been in favour of the Southern Seanslaner, whose fans sweated flags and danced on the gallery.
It wasn't hard to admire Fiji's playoff approach.
Mata Viliame set this in items with another attempt in the final seconds.
The pepper, the Fijis embraced and GB damningly beaten into the lawn.
Earlier in the day, Fiji Japan defeated Japan in the semi-finals with 20-5 and Britain pushed South Africa in a narrow semi-final match from the race - Britain's transformation of the difference.
Kyle Brown brought the boks in the first half, but Dan Norton broke the line with an impressive foot work and scored a gate among the posts in the second half.
A brilliant late tackling of Marcus Watson, the brother of Anthony of the English 15-Aside team, secured the gain - and therefore the silver medal.
Helen Glover and Heather Stanning through fight with the coach's cancer to run inspire
There will be no more emotional gold than these games and that wants to hot.
From the first row to the last, 220 hard Hieve, who go into the story, Helen Glover and Heather Stanning found an extra significance at their golden moment at the Estacio da Lagoa.
Even though it was just the two that sat on the helm, there were three votes in the boat... The echo of the trainer Robin Williams was present as she rushed to the second Olympic game in the two without tax woman in a row, the first women in the history of British sport that set off such a scale.
Their dominance was absolutely, after all, her 39th unbeaten use, which is also unprecedented.
What we see is two brilliant athletes who slide across the surface with the elegance of swans, which doesn't reflect the kind of triumph all the time.
Behind each gold in the row, a battalion to willing helpers contribute to the incremental progress that make up the difference and it was no one more helpful than the coach who didn't know about 30 months ago whether he would survive that day at all than was diagnosed with him cancer.
As he said he was risky.
I had bubble cancer, which is operational and they did.
If you don't, he spreads everywhere.
It would have been a pretty bad situation.
It changes a little bit of the outlook.
Williams was diagnosed in December 2013.
The trio was lucky that he was able to start treatment in early 2014, outside the season, which kept the interruption to a minimum if this is the right term in such circumstances.
I needed money, so I had to go better again soon.
It was an incentive.
I was in hospital and ran around the station - 20 feet, 30 feet, 50 feet at a time when they said some steps would enough.
That's how it starts.
The rowing in itself is already a challenge, but that makes it an even bigger one.
In the immediacy of the victory, their first thought to Williams, who spent an annoying morning spent something more than otherwise, trying to process his own anxiety.
Stanning, who was a principal in the Royal Artillery Regiment in Afghanistan, said I was an emotional wreck this week, which is perhaps something extreme, but it means so much. "
It's repeated just how much me meant how much I and Helen and Robin worked.
It was three fantastic years with Helen and Robin.
Without Robin, we wouldn't be anyone, so a massive thanks to him, he is the best coach in the world.
I wouldn't have a better person to train or want a better coach.
Helena Glover and Heather Stanning have not lost a race over the last five years.
The couple had a tough rhythm with which their opponents couldn't keep up.
Even in the last 500 metres when the teams from New Zealand and Denmark started to close, Stanning and Glover had too much in reserve.
We were very captured at the moment.
Helen called "remains in the process, remain in the process."
It's really important not to get involved.
We had a good start and at the same time we were not about to make something Tolles.
We didn't want fireworks today, we just wanted to get a good result, go beyond and win the race, what we did.
The couple will take a time for a year before making decisions about his future.
Glover must appear next week on a wedding, her own with the TV adventurer Steve Backshall.
Now she just wants to enjoy the moment.
I didn't want to say that was my last race.
That would have too much pressure.
In London, it took around six months to realise I'm an Olympic champion.
It was all so new for me and I was so stressed.
It took about four minutes here.
It feels so much better than that, "she said.
31 years exemplary for clarity
The managing director of the Water Purpose Association, Ruppert Göller, goes into retirement.
The association is considered a bay's exemplary. "
A small French drinking water purpose association as a model for the big water producers.
That's how it said some time ago in the original in a contribution of Bavarian broadcasting.
Soon afterwards, the government's water forum praised the purpose association.
The work of the Veitestern group applied bayerness as an exemplary. "
Behind all this, Rupert Göller, who was 31 years in the purpose of staff, including 28 years as managing director.
Now he was passed into retirement at the age of 65.
The drinking water purpose association of the village group, based in Kottendorf, community of broadbrunn, promotes about 150,000 cubic feet of water annually and supplies 32 places and hamlets with about 5,500 residents.
Member communities are the communities of church, breadth, Lauter, Ebelsbach and the city of Baunach.
For more cities and communities there are water deliveries.
The current chairman, Breitbrunn Mayor Gertrud Bühl (FW), recalled that Rupert Göller stopped as a waterway in 1985 and was appointed managing director of the purpose association back in 1988.
"His tasks have been very diverse and they covered water construction and maintenance work on office and organisational activities, budget planning, calculating fees and contributions to emergency responsibilities on weekends," the chairman said.
As outstanding events called them the commissioning and inauguration of the new wells (1994), property purchases in the area of the new wells (1998) and compensation of farmers, the rehabilitation of the high-containers (1999), the re-creation of a central computer control (2004) and partial renewals of water lines.
There has been no standoff and you have repeatedly recorded innovations because water lives mean and drinking water the most important food.
In her laudation, she praised Göller's loyal, reliable and correct service over 31 years.
He has used a lot of heart blood for his water purpose association and he has lived the waterproof association as if it were his own company.
A few weeks ago, as a real practitioner, he should be allowed to present the vein's track record on nitrate reduction before the district's waterforum.
For that, he received very much recognition and praise.
Rupert Göller, on the one hand, praised waterway Alfons Griebel, who worked with him 28.
He is the best waterway and he was a loyal climb.
Together, we were an unbeaten team.
As highlights from his point of view, he called the fountable construction and restructuring of the purpose association.
The biggest challenge and the most difficult use, though, were the pipe breaking up on the highlight at churches on January 3.
Here will have to be working at minus 17 throughout the night, so that the locations could be supplied with water.
Also, the supply of Newbrun can only be upheld because you filled the high-profile containers of Petton town with hoses.
The management of the drinking water association has been handed over to Daniel striker from Lauter, who takes the succession of Rupert Göller.
Soprano Anna Netrebko goes openly with her son Tiago's autism - and turns to other affected parents: "you have to have the courage to talk about it."
"Medicine has made great progress," said the 44-year-old the Italian newspaper Corriere della Sera.
When the disease had been detected at her son, she believed she had to die.
The now eight-year-old Tiago, however, has moved well forward and now learn privately in New York, where it's the best therapists.
To give an example: when I ask him something that's going back two years when I sang on Milan's Scala, he remembers nothing, "said Netrebko.
But he is the happiest person on earth.
Tiago comes from Netreben's connection with the bassbariton Erwin Schrott.
She is now married with the tenor Yusiy Eyazov.
Relationship in Bargyheide - Man shoots on life damage
A 35-year-old man scored on his partner on Friday at a multi-family house in cash (county Stormarn) and injured them fatally.
The man himself called at us and indicated he was shot his life companion, a police spokeswoman said.
The offender was on the run, after he is publicly departed.
Meanwhile nationwide, because Sven S. could be on the car.
The man is about 1.80 metres great, muscular, brained and has a bull.
Meanwhile, police have published a photograph of him.
It's a couple of years old, though.
Meanwhile, the man wears a glacier.
The man is not to be raised directly.
He can still wear the gun, according to police.
Anyone who sees Sven S. is to call the 110.
Police are talking about a "relationship."
The victim was born in 1988, the perpetrator of 1981.
The relevant police in Lebeck initially wanted no details of the tathering or the relationship between offenders and victims; but confirmed that a man had been killed.
It's a killing offence. "
'More we currently don't, "said a police spokeswoman in Luebeck.
According to eyewitnesses, a specialist investigation commander (SEK) was at the scene.
Steel - Lightness for Deutsche Steel Industry
The crisis-backed and energy-intensive German steel industry remains spared an extra cost of millions.
Financial burdens, which the industry threatened from energy support, are off the table.
It remains in liberation from the renewable energy surcharge at the inventories for so-called equipment production in the German steel industry, said Federal Economy Minister Sigmar Gabriel (SPD) of the West General Newspaper (WAZ, Friday edition).
I'm really happy that we could finally achieve that after two years of tough negotiations. "
The European Commission, therefore, initially had planned to ask the steel manufacturers to use gases from the block to power generation for its own consumption.
The steel industry threatened an additional cost of 120 to 240 million euros a year, according to the German industry association.
Gabriel told the WAZ there is now a principle agreement with the EU commission after talks with competition commissioner Margrethe Vestager.
It is only when the generators are replaced in the steelworks, falling an EEG-pay of 20 per cent.
But these are not going to be raised in the steel industry, too.
The IG Metal welcomed Germany's agreement with the EU commission on standard production.
As a result, the status quo of the previous settlement will be largely enshrined.
Particular importance has Gabriel's successful efforts for the steel industry.
In terms of our campaign's stole, the future is this is the first step. "
Others must follow.
Even in the reform of emissions trading, climate and employment targets are weighing, "explained IG chief executive Jörg Hofmann in Frankfurt.
The steel industry in Europe has been suffering from overcapacity since the 2008 financial crisis, and a significant price pressure.
Last year the situation continued, when the world's largest producer country threw China on the world market in the face of weakening domestic demand.
European manufacturers throw Chinese steel corporations price dumping.
Throughout this spring, the situation has relaxed.
For one, imposed import tariffs on import steel effect, to the other, the economic prospects in China have brightened up.
It is unclear how sustainable the price recovery is.
German industry industry Thyssenkrupp remained cautious on Thursday.
Most recently, prices were more likely to have stagnated.
The industry responds to the difficult situation with further cost cutting.
ThyssenKrupp latest wanted not to exclude closures of individual works.
Around 86,000 people were employed in the German steel industry in late 2015.
In July, despite rising prices and increasing orders, German steelmakers remain cautious.
They produced with 3.4 million tonnes well six per cent fewer crude than in the previous month, as the Business Association told Steel on Friday.
After a short increase in May, the manufactured crowd now went back the second month in a row.
Since the beginning of the year, production is up two per cent below the previous year.
The association expects increased emissions in the coming months thanks to improved orders.
Community, Spirit, Health: singing does seniors well
The singing has accompanied Ursel Kipp already accompanying her whole life: as a young girl she was in school choir, in teaching studies she finished the complete music, and today the 78-year-old sings in a senior chorus.
Singing moves me - emotionally and physically, "she describes.
After a sample, she feels balanced, happily and overall, she says.
By the way, she does something good about her health and spirit.
Because singing is right from several perspectives a great hobby for seniors, says Erhard Hackler of Deutsche Seniorleniga.
Most seniors sing in the chorus and share with equalisers the pleasure of the music, describing Hackler.
Through the regular connection, seniors can make social contacts and maintain.
For frequently, social and family structures are solving age, a chorus then is an ideal opportunity to spend time with other people.
This experience has also made Ursel Kipp in her chorus: 'to organise and organize yourself to leave on the others and learn from each other - a choir is a very special form of combination. "
Singing can be exhausting in a positive sense, means Hackler.
For this is where seniors train a deep and controlled breathing.
Anyone who regularly demands his lungs also doesn't get out of the puste every day.
Even when it comes to getting the sound of the voice aged, singing is an optimal hobby.
On older people, singing often has a very special effect, says Ursula Lenz of the federal working community of senior organisations.
In older generations, common singing had a much higher importance, it belonged to everyday life, both in school and recreation, she explains.
Lenz observes frequently that singing or listening to songs among older people raises many memories, often associated with positive feelings of their youth time.
Through lyrics and particularly melodies, even demeaning people are resisting long back events.
When singing, the head is also demanded a special performance, explains Lein.
At the same time focusing on their own voice and on a predetermined rhythm and adapting themselves to the other singers - that's a great cognitive challenge.
Just older people who live alone are practicing, not only to focus on themselves.
Another positive aspect is the recognition you learn through the singing in the chorus, thinks Hackler.
An enthusiastic audience is a great praise.
Self-esteem is also growing through the singing in the chorus.
Showing yourself: if I long for something, I will be better and growing across me - strengthening that experience.
Good reasons to begin with the singing, therefore, there is enough.
Anyone who wants to try a new hobby should not hesitate - even if he thinks little talent advises Lenz.
You don't sing alone - at 50 singing people, who's listening already when a tone goes along?
Looking for the appropriate offer, seniors have different possibilities, says Hackler.
Singing someone from the acquaintance group in a senior choir, you can just join.
Many cities are also offering overviews about the choirs in the area.
Anyone who wants to sing in a church choir can turn directly to the community or the church appearance.
Many senior choirs are also found over the internet.
If you have no access to the internet, the family, friends or neighbours are asking for help in the Internet search.
Who desires to sing, should necessarily join a choir, advises Hackler.
Singing the soul good and has something liberating - that applies to any age.
Cats react more sensitive than hangover on cries of young people
Biologists have investigated in Hanover what effect the calls from cat babys have on adult animals.
To her surprise, the mian also didn't get the males cold - but they always behaved in the difference to the females.
Female cats can recognize the emotion of cat babies at the middle of the little.
They respond to 10 per cent faster on lutters of kittens who were in great distress, as scientists have found out from the veterinary university and the Medical College Hanover (MHH).
Hangovers are also responding to the cries of kittens - but always equal.
Apparently, the acoustic differences between the miaue of less and sharply hit young animals for the males either not perceived or not of importance, "said biologist Wiebke Conerding from the MHH.
She is an author of the study published this Friday in the specialist magazine of BMC Evolutionary Biology.
In a previous investigation, the research team had already found that the duration and pit of kitten shouting differs with the urgency of its need for help.
Overall, we have been watched nine adult hangovers and eight kits from the livestock farming of the MHH.
They were played for a call of minors who were taken from the burs for three minutes and separated by mother and siblings.
At the same time, they were confronted with shouts of stronger kittens, which were additionally highlighted.
The researchers hold their results despite the small sample for meaningful.
All the females, even those who had not yet had their own offspring, responded differentiation on the cries, "said conversing.
They turned up more quickly to the loudspeaker when this call of the more vulnerable kittens.
This ability may be born or developed with gender maturity.
"A surprise was that the males have responded at all," the biology said.
In the past, scientists have already investigated responses from women and men on baby noise.
Again, some studies showed that women responded more sensitive to babies, regardless of whether they were already mothers or not, the biologist Marina Scheumann reported.
Podolski picks up with gala after supercoup
Hakan Süchin is a football legend in Turkey.
In Turkey, an arrest warrant has been enacted against the former football star Hakan Sünt.
He is accused of being a member of a terrorist group.
For the first time after the coup trial, an important football game will take place in Turkey.
Before the duel of the archrivals between Besiktas Istanbul and Lukas Podolski Galatasaray Istanbul around the supercup in Konya, the official line is clear: business as usual.
Even with the imposition of the state of emergency after the July attempt, the government pleaded not to affect everyday lives of ordinary people.
But this is not true for those suspected of addressing the movement of the preacher Fethullah Gülen, who is responsible for the coup attempt.
It doesn't stop before football as well.
Against the former Starkicker Hakan south, the prosecution provided an arrest warrant.
So the meanwhile in America is accused of being a member of a terrorist group.
Sound to be supporters of the preacher Fethullah Gülen, who is blamed by state President Recep Tayyip Erdogan for the coup attempt.
While the state of emergency first imposed for 90 days until October, this actually has that on the lives of most Turks, but as well as no impact.
The nightly democracy guards on public places across the country have explained Erdogan on Wednesday for.
The sport is - like the whole country - divided into supporters and opponents of Erdogan.
Especially fans of the working-club's Besiktas traditionally don't count to the president's friends.
But what the bulk of the Turks unites in the face of dramatic experiences in history is the strict rejection of military councils.
In this is where even even the fans agree - no matter whether their for Galatasaray or Besiktas.
At Cup winner Gala, it will particularly arrive at Lukas Podolski.
His sporting value posed the Cologne in the expired season proving: with 17 goals and nine templates in all competitions, the 31-year-old finished his first season as a top scorer of his club.
In the end game against Fenerbahce, he scored the 1-0 victory.
The newspaper's fanatics cheered him: he was the best in the place.
He has completed the season outstandingly and secured his team to the trophy.
Thanks Poldi found the disappointing season for the record master a conciliatory deal.
After the runner-up K.o. in the Champions League, the lions also divorced in the Europa League early.
In the Super Lig, it just ranked six.
The season wasn't good.
The trophy was the only way to win something.
That's what we did and that's the most important thing, "said Podolski.
For champions Besiktas, the match year ran better.
Especially thanks to Mario Gomez, who put the base on the 14th title as a super-Lig goal king.
That's also the reason that fans continue to hope to return the 31-year-old.
In doing so, the AC Florence under contract had announced only borrowed Gomez after the coup attempt because of the political situation in the country following his EM holiday.
If Mario wants to get to us, he must just say, "quoted the specialist magazine's chief chef Fikret Orman.
To do this, though, the striker would have to be ready to renounce at around a third of its annual alert, Orman clearly said: "his salary at Florence can't we pay."
Despite doping: these athletes still have medal chances at Olympia in Rio
The 34-year-old Justin Gatlin was already banned twice because of dopings (2001 and 2006).
Rio de Janeiro - whistleblower Julia Stepanowa may not start in Rio.
Other overtaken athletics sinners can only laugh about it - they fight in Rio medals.
The issue of doping determines the headlines at the Rio Olympics.
Russian swimmer Juliya Jefifowa, who had been charged with their starting law just before the Games, was mercilessly peaceful at her start (100 metres of chest).
It offered a wrinkly scene: with an established smile, she was still prouded into the hall and provoked with her appearance.
When they were not going to get gold, the audience broke into a jubilant storm.
But there are still numerous other athletes who despite doping past go to the start at the Rio Olympics.
Here's an overview:
Justin Gatlin (100, 200, 4x1400-staffer / USA): the 34-year-old is one of the most controversial figures in athletics.
He was already closed twice because of doping (2001 and 2006 to 2010).
Since his ban, the 2004 Olympic champion and ex-world champion runs even faster than before, he is over 100m in 9.80 seconds, the number one in the world and is considered to be the biggest challenger from Usain Bolt.
Shelly Fraser-Pryce (100, 4x100-Staffel / Jamaika): the two-time Olympic champion and seven-time world champion had to serve a six-month lock in 2010 after her taking off the painkiller Oxycodon was proven.
She had strong toothaches after an operation, defending the 29-year-old.
Sandra Perkovic (Discussion / Croatia): in 2011, the 2012 Olympic champion, world champion of 2013 and European Championships from 2010 to 2016, tested positive on the banned stimulant means of methylhey anaxanine.
Perkovic denies the knowledgeable income and was banned for six months.
The four broadest litters this year go on to the account of the big gold favourite.
LaShawn Merritt (200, 400, 4x400-m-season / USA): the Beijing Olympic champion and two-time world champion over 400m, was positively tested in 2010 and blocked 21 months.
A means of penis enlargement was responsible, Merritt pleaded.
This year, the 30-year-old is over 200 and 400 m of the world's fastest man.
Iwan Tichon (Hammers, Belarussia): probably hardly an athlete have been renounced so many medals afterwards.
So Tichon lost his World Cup title from 2005 nine years later after he was detected testosterone-doping.
The now 40-year-old also had to issue Olympic silver in 2004 because of testosterone abuse in 2006.
The also acknowledged bronze medal of the 2008 Olympic Games received CAS because of a ruling by the International Sports Court.
At 80.04 m, it's ranked two of the world's rankings.
Liu Hong (20 km walking, China): the world record leader and gold favourite was only tested positively in May, but may still start in Rio.
At the 29 year old world champion, evidence was found to include a banned food supplement, the lock of the World Anti-Doping Agency WADA fell mildly and ran out on July 13.
Bomb Terror in Thailand - Austrian injured - Multiple Dead
The Austrian Embassy in Thailand are in contact with the woman, said the State Department's spokesman, Thomas Schnell, Friday morning.
She suffered cutting edge and had been treated at the hospital, but this one can already leave.
Her home trip was scheduled for early September.
Whether from the further explosions on the holiday island of Phuket, as well as in the southern cities of Surat Thani, Phang Nga, Trang and Chumphon also affected Austrian citizens, were still unclear for now.
The State Department is in constant contact with the local authorities, according to school.
In about 200 kilometers south of the capital, Bangkok, Hua had initially exploded two bombs on Thursday night in a nightclub.
In doing so, according to police, a Thai child was killed and about 20 people have been injured, including the Austrians, three Germans, three Dutch and three Italians.
Friday morning then again took two explosives, with another person killed, according to the authorities.
A bomb explosion was also reported in the morning.
At the detonation near the popular beach of Patong, a taxi driver was injured after police claims.
In Surat Thani on the country's southeast coast, another bomb then exploded, killing an urban employee.
The explosives went into the air, according to authorities in a flower before the area of coastal police.
Eventually, detonations in Phang Nga and Trang on the south west coast, as well as in Chmphom on the southeast coast, called for several injured.
You go from a connection with the explosions in Hua Hin, it said.
The bomb attacks carry the same handwriting, said army general Danai Kritmethavee Friday morning in front of journalists.
"We assume that it's a coordinated attack."
It's too early to comment on possible motives - probably handle, though, around the deeds of Muslim rebels.
Thai media also wanted to recognize a pattern in the attacks, which is typical of the bombings of Muslim separatists in the south of the country.
Thai police, on the other hand, said the assassinations were not related to the Islamist insurgency movement or with international terrorism.
This is only local sabotage restricted to limited areas and provinces, "said a spokesman in Bangkok.
Rather, the bombs were laid by opponents of the ruling military junta.
Authorities have received intelligence indications of imminent attacks in the south of the country in recent days - but they were not informed about the exact date and places.
Still, it's unclear which group behind the attacks.
Police advised their officials across the country to increase security around important government buildings as well as airports, stations, tourist attractions, restaurants and pleasure quarters.
In Thailand, there are always smaller bomb attacks, but they are usually not against tourists.
In Hua is a palace used for years by Thailand's King Bhumibol Adulyadej.
According to the now bomb explosions, the Austrian State Department recommends its homepage, necessarily affording the instructions of Thai security authorities.
High security risk (security level 3) applies to the provinces of Narathiwat, Yala, Pattani and Songhkla, as well as Preah Vihear and surrounding area.
After clashes between security forces and Muslim population parts, there will be no necessary travel in these provinces.
Increased safety risk (security level 2) applies to the rest of the country.
The attacks on Thursday and Friday were made a few days after a controversial referendum on one of the constitution prepared by the military junta.
This admits to the military's great influence in the coming years.
Junta boss and Prime Minister Prayut Chan-o-cha said the bombs were an attempt to create chaos while the country moves towards stability, improving economic situation and tourism.
The military union, which had taken power in 2014 after a period of bloody unrest, keeps itself benefiting the kingdom back to stability and order.
However, the military has also failed to get to grips with the insurgency of Muslim rebels for years.
More than 6,500 people have already been killed in the conflict.
Just over a year ago, in Bangkok, in an attack at a popular Hindu shrine, 20 people were killed - most of them foreign tourists.
It was the bloodiest attack of the country's younger history.
The right's identical movement is targeted by the Federal Office for Constitutional Protection.
According to several local offices, the constitutional defenders in the federal government have also placed the group under observation.
We see at the Identity Movement's claims for aspirations against the Freedom Democratic basic order, "said Constitutional Protection of Democrats Hans-Georg Maasen of the German Press Agency in Berlin.
So immigrant Islamic faith or from the Middle East is defamed in an extremist way.
That's why we are now watching the movement as well.
The identifier movement is a grouping with French roots that have also been active in Germany since 2012.
She turns against "multicultural watch," uncontrolled mass immigration and the loss of his own identity through overcrowding. "
Constituencies in nine federal states - Bremen, Bayern, Berlin, Baden-Würtemberg, NRW, Sachsen and Thuringia - are already watching the identities.
Maes said his authority voted closely with the landing offices in the decision.
Groups like the identity movement are trying to pick up their target group where it stands, "the constitutional chief said.
Generally, extremists are trying to address them with adolescent language, often with popper music.
This would be Islamists as well as legal extremists.
This is not a betul advertisement for its own thing.
The propaganda is expected to address people emotionally.
Young people are there in particularly vulnerable.
That's dangerous.
Most recently, it had been given reports of contacts of the identities to AFD politicians.
Maes said he did not have any findings.
For constitutional protection, possible contacts of this kind were only relevant from a certain point.
It depends on whether the respective party - in this case the AfD - by certain people who are extremist to change their target direction and become so extremist.
So determining is whether such people have tax influence on the party.
This is not recognisable.
With a view of the significant increase in legitimate offences and attacks on asylum seekers and refugee shelters, Maes said he would not speak of new right-wing terrorism in this context.
But we have found in recent years that there can be right-wing terrorist structures.
There was the group's Old School Society or Friday group.
It may well be that other right-wing terrorist groups or small groups plan to plan attacks against asylum seekers, against refugee homes or attacks from other far-right motives.
A Germany or Europe-wide control of legal terrorism, though, is not recognisable.
Previous groups were created at the regional level or in social networks.
Concerns expressed messages about the fact that many assaults went to the account of people who were not previously appearing in the right scene.
That's worrying.
Many of the suspects in attacks on asylum shelters were not previously known as criminals, politically motivated offenders or supporters of the right scene.
So many people have committed criminals who had nothing at all with right-wing extremists who may have politically indifferent or elected, for example, CDU, SPD or left, which then radicalised themselves through right-wing extremist mood.
Rio 2016: ROBEL Kiros Habt becomes Internet
Not always determine the Olympics or world records the headlines at the Olympics.
This shows the courageous appearance of ROBEL Kiros Habte at the summer games in Rio de Janeiro.
In the Aquatics Center, the slightly overweight swimmer from Ethiopia is so slow that he was temporarily no longer seen in the TV images.
He simply disappeared - no matter how far the selection was selected.
In the social networks, Habte then became the viral internethit.
Indeed, the 24-year-old finishes with a lag of 48 seconds his forward and finished 59 place of 59 starters.
But it was more of his not exactly sporting figure that moved the attention of international media.
Why the 24-year-old nevertheless participates in the Olympics?
The Ethiopians got a special starting law by the International Swimming Federation.
This is distributed to make swimming known in under-represented countries.
As most athletes run in Ethopia, Habte just wanted to do something else.
Preparing is all: ROBEL Kiros Habte makes himself ready for the big race.
Quickly, the first nicknames made the round.
Some media described him as a Robel of the Wal.
In terms of a's welfare belonging, the English tabloid The Sun made with Dad Bod about him funny.
His time, he only struck with a minute and nearly five seconds about the 100 meters free, playing no part.
Comparisons with Eric Eel were also drawn.
At the 2000 Olympics in Sydney, the run of Eric Moussambani caused media attention.
Memorable was the appearance of the swimmer from Equatorial Guinea when he had to take off alone in a lead over 100 metres of free style.
Frenetically, Moussambani was fired at the time.
The then 22-year-old learned only eight months before Olympic and had never gone for such a long distance before the competition.
A seat in the front row on the stunning architecture of Los Angeles Central Library
Learning more about the history of the central library in downtown, as the Society of Architectural Historicals / Southern California Chapter holds a salon with Arnold Schwartzman and Stephen Gee, the authors of the new book's Los Angeles Central Library: a History of Its Art and Architecture.
It is envisaged that Gee and Schwartmann images of the 1926 Bertram Goodheu designs as well as the 1993 restoration and addition of Hardy Holzman Pfeiffer Associates will discuss and share.
The salon is scheduled for 21 August from 14.00 to 16.00am in the Art Deco Southwestern School of Law, (formerly Bullocks Wilshire), 3050 Wilshire Blvd.
Visitors can visit the middle hall, the stilt room, cactus lounge and tea salon.
Only pre-sales tickets; SAH / SCC members, $15; non-members, $25.
An open industrial ward in DTLA receives a cozy Makeover
We celebrate the 90th birthday of the central Library of L.A. with - what else? - a new book
Geretsried - The owner of a shop at New Square has been stolen.
According to police, the 67-year-old gentleman had left her business on Monday at around 5.30pm and forget to close a window on the ground floor.
When they came back to 8.15am the next morning, about 250 euros had disappeared from the cashier.
Traces of the offender could not be found.
Video surveillance is also not in place.
Trump doesn't see the impending election defeat
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump speaks at a campaign event in Florida.
Should it be nothing with the election to the U.S. president, Donald Trump already has an alternative.
He then just rides into the holiday.
Losing Donald Trump the US presidential election in November, he would be the relatively needed: "ultimately it will either club, or I have a very, very beautiful, long holiday," the Republican candidate said in a phone interview with the US television channel CNBC.
If it doesn't range for him for reasons of political correctness, that's fine, Trump said.
He described U.S. President Barack Obama and the Democrats' candidate, Hillary Clinton, as founder of the Terrorism Islamic State (IS).
Within his party, more and more resistance formed.
Postal services rise in trading with electric transporters
An electric delivery vehicle of Deutsche Post in action.
The interest of other companies at the danger is apparently great.
The post plans to sell its electric vehicle StreetStreet scooters as well.
In the short term, the group wants to start trading with the transporter.
The post wants to offer its electric transporters from next year, too, in the free market.
We want to enter the sale to third parties, "said a post spokesman on Friday.
The company has been examining for months as to whether it is delivering its self-developed StreetScooter, with the letters and packets to be delivered to other businesses, too.
Post board Jürgen Gerdes had said there were repeated demands, about craftsmen.
According to information from the news magazine's The Mirror, the Bonn group wants to join the vehicle's mass production shortly.
In the postal factory, the company plans to construct up to 10,000 cars a year and layer.
Gerdes had announced that the group wanted to significantly enlarge its fleet of electric cars and peeled long-term conversion to the environmentally friendly vehicles.
We will make a very, very rugged step towards 2020, "he said in late July.
I can imagine we surround the complete fleet.
The StreetScooter has been active in Germany's streets since 2014.
GfK leadership resigns after disappointing business figures
Consumer research company GfK exchanged its boss Matthias Hartmann.
The resignations came suddenly - but not quite surprisingly.
The difficult location of market research company GfK suggested that the chair of chief executive Matthias Hartmann will be all the more uncertain, the longer the successes they promised.
Turbulence at the top of the Nuremberg market research company GfK: after again disappointing business figures and the resignation of corporate governance, the global number five of the industry is facing a personal new start.
GfK board leader wants to leave the company at the end of the year.
The chairman of GfK's supervisory board Arno Mahlert already divorces with effect September 12 from the supervisory board.
The leadership in the board is already taking place on September 1, the previous board member, Gerhard Haus-Ruckinger, told the company.
He is to officially take over the function of a board spokesman until a successor was found for Hartmann.
As a reason for the resignations, the company called different views on long-term business orientation.
Details did not want to name a company spokesman on Friday.
Who will be leading the market research company in the future is currently still unclear.
In investor circles, on Friday, shareholders were most recently disappointed with the continuing restructuring of the restructuring launched years ago.
Mr Hartmann has been at the GfK top since 2011.
But the fruits of restructuring are not yet to be seen after 5 years, "they said.
Given the latest bad GfK business figures, every shareholder will eventually be troubled.
If this would be the case with BMW, that would also make the Quands so much, "he said.
The company had not been able to halt its loss journey after setbacks in the previous quarters in the second quarter of 2016.
With €361.2 million, sales were up 6.1 per cent below the level of the same quarter of the previous year.
Referred to the first half, sales shrank by $721.2 million by 3.4 per cent.
Profit in the second quarter has particularly impacted the company's fallen value in the face of its difficult economic situation.
The company experience needed in the Consumer Experience's business division of £139 million provided the corporation under the stroke a loss of £148.2 million.
In the second quarter of 2015, GfK was still generating a group profit of 19.7 million.
Accidents - Bus slips in Crumbing in ditch: eight injured
In an accident of a travel bus with 43 seniors as passengers on Thursday, eight people have been injured on Thursday.
Two of the occupants suffered serious injuries, the police said.
The 66-year-old driver of the buses of a travel company from Eisenach had to evacuate to a conflicted ladder, which is partly on the opposition track.
The bus came to the right off the road and slipped into a ditch, as a spokeswoman of police Aurich / Wittmund reported.
Because of the location of the bus, the people couldn't leave the bus independently, "she said.
The fire department freed the inmates.
Six ambulances and an emergency car came to the accident on Land Street 2.
The uninjured travellers were brought back from a scheduled bus to the Crumbian district of Pewsum.
There, they should wait for a substitute bus of travel companies.
Investigators urged the trucker and possible witnesses to report to police.
The charges per cubic meter of wastewaters are starting from October 1, 2016 for the area of the wastelance plant's Neudoff / Reuth / Welschkehl 3.44 run for Zultenberg / Lindenberg / Lindenberg / Lopp 3.33 euros (previously 2.26 euros) and for Azendorf's 3.64 euros (previously 2.18 euros).
At the facility in Azendorf, the sewage charge will increase again at the latest, when appropriate improvement measures are needed.
According to an overturned calculation, the water price in Azendorf will then be at 4.37 per cubic feet.
As Mayor Bernd Steinheuser (CSU) reported, when approving the budget through the council's Office of Culmbach, it was determined that undercovers were running for these sewers.
The Casent Village market was committed to running the facilities coverage.
From October 1, 2016, citizens, as well as the business and industrial operations from Welsh Kahl, Neudorf, Reuth, Lopp, Lindenberg and Zultenberg will have to grab deeper into the purse.
The fee increases are between 48 and 67 per cent.
As administration leader Herbert Schmidt pointed out the panel, a recalculation of charges for the market community's wastewater plants was necessary.
In the period from October 2016 to September 2020, over-related undercovers were also offset from the previous calculation period.
The serious charge increases resulted in all three sewers plants around relatively small facilities with a very low sewage case, which lies between 6800 and 12,000 cubic metres a year.
So because of the low distribution basis, for example, expenses for necessary repairs of several thousand euros would be serious.
Moreover, sewers are easily declining in all three plants.
Furthermore, in the past calculation period, at all three plants were not last substantial because of its age renovation and repair expenses.
The facility in Azendorf was nearly 30 years old, the facilities for Welshelle, Neudorf and Reuth, as well as Zultenberg, Lindenberg and Lopp nearly 20 years.
Schmidt pointed out that in the wastewater Azendorf, the mechanical ventilation facility had to be exchanged because of a damage.
In the Pumpwerk Welchenkahl, the nearly 20-year-old funding facilities had to be overtaken by reason and, after nearly 20 years of operation, had to dig operations of the first plaintiff, the sewage mud will have to be disposed of and installed an extra ventilation possibility to adhere to the water rights guidelines even in the future.
Schmidt: "these extraordinary expenses came from advanced care and maintenance costs to take into account accordingly in the new calculation period.
The same applies to electricity costs, which were still significantly below the current level in the previous calculation in 2011 / 2012.
Stone houses made it clear that in the three facilities, the expenses for the operation and entertainment in the three plants were fully running.
In doing so, Schmidt, the market community of major entertainment costs in the wastewater facilities over the past 20 years, remained spared.
The situation for the named facilities will continue to precariously remain precarious, according to stone homes, particularly since the utilities area of the sewage association Friesenschabach around these facilities could not be expanded because it's about deficit facilities.
Bulgaria books for the first time in 8 months of inflation
National statistics show that inflation in Bulgaria was 1 per cent on a monthly basis in July.
This is the highest value (since June 2012) and the first over zero since October last year, when positive 0.2% were reported.
The annual average inflation of the last 12 months (August 2015 - July 2016) compared with the previous 12 months (August 2014 - July 2015) measured after the CPI -0.8%.
The consumer price index in July 2016 compared to June 2016, 101.0%, meaning monthly inflation was 1.0 per cent.
The inflation rate since the beginning of the year (July 2016 compared to December 2015) was -0.2% and annual inflation in July 2016 compared with July 2015 -0.2%.
In July 2016, a price increase in the following groups of consumer goods was observed compared to the previous month: food and non-alcoholic beverages (1.7%); transport (1.8%); leisure and culture (6.3%); restaurants and hotels (1.2%); different goods and services (0.3%).
Prices fell in clothing and shoes (2.2%); mobile, household appliances and routine maintenance (0.5%); health (0.1%).
Prices remained in the previous month in alcoholic drinks and tobacco, homes, water, electricity, gas and other fuels; communications; as well as education unchanged.
Snapchat's anime effect criticised as an Asian cartarian
Snapchat says this filter is anime-inspired, but some observers say it is insensitive to races.
With its filter tool, Snapchat allows around 150 million daily users to change reality and play with identities in such a way that borders absurdity.
You can turn into a pineapple, a dog or a figure that could be from a Roy Lichtenstein painting.
The filters are unsurprisingly, property tools that create more than 30 million improved selfies a day.
All missteps enter the public.
Snapchat filters have drawn criticism in the past, in which they were accused of promoting the app blackface or promoting white skin as a beauty ideal.
When this week suggested a filter that gave them slits, false teeth and unseated cheeks, it called some critics a racist cartoon of Asians - being yellowed.
They asked whether these repeated controversy pointed to a bigger problem that the company has diversity.
The news and outrage were widespread on Wednesday, with reports of The Verge and Motherboard, a day after Snapchat told that it had disabled the feature.
The company offered an apology: the filter was thought to be a tribute to anime characters and not as a cartoon of Asians.
But outsiders who have experienced racism recalled the filter to injuries clichés.
Others declined the animated comparison.
In an email, Grace Sparapani wrote, a Korean-American art student whose tweet over the photos were widespread that the filter was "violating and said to be uncomfortable."
She added that it's difficult to argue with the opposition of a very disgusting Asian caricature and the filter effects.
It shows that the filter is not yellow, but that the yellow face was drawn into the depressing extreme.
Snapchat is not the only company that crosses these cultural stumbling wires.
American culture seems to be involved in an endless diversity and integration battle, from conference rooms to Hollywood and the devices that we all keep in hand.
And Snapchat's great audience of young people - who are diverse in terms of breed as their older opponents - could be more likely to expect sensibility.
If one of Snapchats filters generates a picture that is insulting for a user, it's much more difficult for such stuff to stay unnoticed when it used to be the case, "said 25-year-old Katie Zhu in an interview on Thursday.
On Thursday, Zhu, who works as a product manager and engineer for medium, decided to extinguish her Snapching account called on others to do the same.
In an essay for medium and in a phone interview, she said she believes that racial controversy reflects a lack of diversity in recruitment practices at Snapchat.
Zhu criticised the large part of white, only male leadership and finished her essay with a hashtag: # DeleteSnapchat.
Either they have no diverse representation of people with other skin colours in their workforce so they can make such decisions, "said Chinese-American Zhu, or they have people with other skin colours that are working there, but not in positions in which they are safe or comforting to say what to say about it."
Others share their opinion, a complaint that left Snapchat mostly unanswered.
The company does not release numbers on the diversity of its workforce and points to its status as a private company.
On Thursday, Snapchat declined to discuss the cultural backgrounds of his staff, but, according to a spokesman, the company has recently stopped a staff leader who focuses on under-represented population groups and on internal integration efforts.
Zhu said, for its part, that she will let her snapchat account be closed and added, "I wonder if they need more users like us to say that's not O.K. is."
Military leadership distort ISIS intelligence information, presents committee of Congress
Military members of the United States Central Command changed intelligence to draw a more optimistic picture of the war against the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria than it allowed actual conditions on the ground, an investigative committee of Congress reported in a report on Thursday.
The preliminary report, created by a task force of Republican members of the Armed Force Committee, intelligence committees and anti-budget committees, reports of great dissatisfaction among Central Command intelligence analysts who reported how superiors changed its assessments on the U.S. efforts in the fight against the Islamic State.
The Central Command, briefly Cencom, is the military headquarters in Tampa, Florida, which controls U.S. military operations in the Middle East and Central Asia.
"Intelligence information that was typically dismissed by senior CENTCOM commanders, regularly drawing a more positive picture of the American efforts against terrorism than the actual conditions on the ground were allowed and were more positive than analysis of other news services, a newspaper article quoted the report.
What happened at CENTCOM is unacceptable - our soldiers are suffering when poor analysis is presented by our political leaders, "stated Ken Calvert, Republican member of the House of Representatives.
The leadership error at CENTCOM ranges to the top tip of the organisation.
The ten-side report shows detailed consistent problems in 2014 and 2015 in the descriptions and analysis of American efforts in the training of Iraqi armed forces.
Although there is no direct indication that government peaks have given under Obama to change the reports, it shows how analysts suffered pressure from their superiors to draw an optimistic picture of the threat of the Islamic state, also known as ISIS or ISIL.
"During the first half of 2015, many Central Command press releases, opinions and statements before Congress were much more positive than it matches the facts, the report noted.
For example, a CENTCOM member publicly announced that a military recovery could begin Mossuls as early as April or May 2015.
Mossul, second-largest city of Iraq, remains under the control of the Islamic state.
After months of investigation, it is so clear., said Mike Pompeo, Republican Congressman from Kansas, in an opinion.
From the middle of 2014 to the middle of 2015, Central Command's leaders changed the intelligence reports to downplay the danger by ISIS in Iraq.
Republicans called the task force into life after playing that analysts were worried about the manipulation of reports to the Islamic State.
The report published on Thursday will still be completed by more detailed findings while the investigation will continue.
In addition, further investigation is underway by CENTCOM reports by the Defense Ministry's general inspector.
Democratic members of the intelligence committee published on Thursday their own findings, which coincided with some of the Republican Task Force's conclusions.
In 2014 and 2015, CENTCOM created an overly limited process for creating intelligence assessments on ISIL and the Iraqi security services, "admitted to the highest-ranking Democrat in the Committee, a member of the House of Representatives Adam B. Schiff, in an opinion.
This process, according to Mr Schiff, delayed the publication of intelligence reports, damaging morality among analysts and gave overly little room for dissent. "
But Mr Schiff and Democrats said no evidence of an intervention by the White House at the CENTCOM analysts was found in terms of a particular political opinion.
The preliminary results of the Congress's investigation were published Tuesday by The Daily Beast.
Last August, the New York Times reported investigation by the Pentagon's general inspector, which was included after complaints from CENTCOM analysts.
Lt. Cmdr. Patrick Evans, a Pentagon press secretary, admitted in an opinion that the Defence Ministry would not comment on Congress's reports while the investigation into the inspectorate was still underway.
But he also admitted that's experts sometimes well have divergent opinions about the interpretation of complex data, and that the news services and the Department of Defence welcome a controversial discussion of these important issues of national defence. "
The investigation has repercussions about the issue of a successful air campaign under American leadership in Iraq and Syria (a claim that is now made by a growing number of members of the Department of Defence).
However, the accusations of last year have raised the question of how President Obama can leave to the Central Command for honest assessments of military operations in Iraq, Afghanistan, Libya and other crisis regions.
The criticism of secret information about the Islamic State is reminiscent of information from more than 10 years ago, when a CENTCOM analyst, Gregory Hooker, written a paper on how the then-government under George W. Bush contradicted many analysts only a small crew force in Iraq and little time to think about the consequences of the 2003 invasion.
Mr Hooker also played a key role in the uprising against current coverage of the Islamic State.
Last year, the team around Mr. Hooker, according to government offices, notes that, contrary to the government's statements, air strikes against the refineries held by the Islamic State had no significant implications for the financial situation of the terrorist group, as these provisional refineries operated to sell oil on the black market.
However, this finding was not published, the Times reported in September.
Centcom's then commander, Gen. Lloyd J. Austin III, was criticised by members of the legislature because of his excessively positive assessment of the war situation at a hearing before the Senate.
General Austin retired in April and was replaced at the Central Command by Gen. Joseph L. Votel.
The US wins fourth match in the women's field hockey, a showdown with Britain standing before
A day after she scored three goals during a 6-1 victory over Japan, Katie Bam also made the first two goals for the women's American field hockey team in a match on Thursday against India that the Americans won 3-0.
Five goals in two games should actually be a memorable performance, but Bam (27) said she could not remember that ever done.
I have no idea... she said.
I'm not among the people who retain their goals in memory.
However, they know the Americans are at 4-0 in the Olympic competition and are equal in their group with the British in the first place that remain unbeaten after their 2-0 victory against Japan.
Britain and the United States will meet in the last game of the first round on Saturday.
Both teams have already qualified for the quarterfinals, the game will decide which of the two will gain the first and second place each within their group of six teams.
The first-place will go for the strong Dutch slightly longer, leading the other group.
Whatever the game on Saturday, Americans have triggered a surprising swirling through their success stories, four years after they landed at the past London Games on the last of 12 places.
BAM was part of this team.
She grew up in Blue Bell, Pennsylvania, and had the first time with three years of a hockey in hands (her two older sisters played the sport at Drexel University), with 16 years she became national player in the US, the youngest in the team's history.
She missed the Olympics in 2008, as she could not qualify for the cadre.
Then came the year in 2012, in which for her and her team, everything went wrong.
In the following year, Craig Parnham, an Englishman, trainer of the national team and things began to turn to better.
A culture change, a mental change and a physical change, said Bam.
We didn't have the workload in London that we have now.
We can have the rudder completely around.
On Thursday night, Bam opened the torrent in the first half of the game with a backhand from close range.
India had gone into the game without a victory in the tournament, but the team showed surprising and kept the game level from 1-0 to the third quarter until Bam took the game into their hands.
They fell a sprint with the flat ball over the left flank, then dropped into the middle and lups the ball into the gate around the Americans creating a 2-0 lead.
Melissa Gonzalez made the final goal in the middle of the last quarter.
The shutout was the first of the whole tournament for the goalkeeper of the US, Jackie Briggs, who has each had to book a goal in each of the previous games each.
She has a run.
Just like Bam.
We are in a good position, "said Parnham, but well will depend on the outcome of the next game on Saturday.
Amid the rage of the Olympics, the ten of the trampoline
Wherever you are, how late it is, it's the Olympics.
The events in Rio de Janeiro feel consistent and inevitable, a rampant staff run between competition and pursuit.
It's as if the Olympic torch itself would be a burning staff, which is fed by the breakfast protection to the swimmer to the turner to the triathlete.
You can't turn on the television, read a newspaper or listen to your neighbour's conversation in the queue in the coffee shop without listening to Simone Biles, Katie Ledecky or the dispute between Michael Phelps and Chad le Clos.
And then there is still Logan Dooley.
Dooley, who is there for the first time at the Olympics and a woman's swarm with greens, could have been well under those known names being sent to Prime Time, built through sponsors and feel-good TV advertising when he would be a swimmer, turner or even fox.
But Dooley, 28, from Lake Forest, California, struggles in the Olympic trampoline around.
The Olympic flame does not illuminate every event equal.
Further away from the centre, partly in the shadows, the sports that are not generally recognised are air pistol shooting, archery, badminton, taekwond.
We will always have the breast swim and may be long.
But if I likely make modest arguments for my certain darling, let me draw attention to the trampoline's discreet charm.
Although trampoline jumping has already been an Olympic event since 2000, when it had his debut in Sydney, it has been so sparsely perceived the last 16 years that many of them, I had interviewed, didn't know it was any Olympic sport.
That could also be regional ignorance.
Although the US sent athletes to the competition, it has never won a medal in trampoline jumping and by 2012 an athlete that made it to the final round.
The Chinese and the Russians tend to share prices for the men and the Chinese and the Canadians for the women.
Dong Dong from China and Rosie MacLennan from Canada will defend their gold medal from London this year.
The trampoline jumping has a certain outsider low, in part because it sounds more appropriate for the unexplained ear for a close school than the one for the Olympics.
At this point I should admit that I'm not an expert but only an earthquake enthusiast.
It has humorous potential - the cartoonage of his never-ending impact - but also the grace of the turn and diving, the two sports that essentially unite.
The word trampoline comes from the Spanish el trampoline, which means as much as a springboard.
Emerging winners jump on a giant trampoline, shooting almost up to 30 feet into the air and must have a range of falling movements (turning, Hechten and Saltos) before landing on the feet.
They are being assessed, according to official Olympic programme after running, difficulty and flight flight.
Two-term athletes from 17 countries, 16 men and 16 women, will join each other in Rio.
The most common Olympic vector is straight.
Medallists need to go further in their pursuit of gold, faster, up and down, sometimes to the finish, sometimes back and back, up and down in the playground.
They don't just chase the finish line or the starting wall, but in television transmission also another goal: the world or the Olympics.
The targeted pursuit is noble, admirable, even fanatical - and it's enough to even touch a viewer to tears.
But it's also what I recognise myself at the viewing of these games as something tiring.
This offers the trampoline a breathing space.
The vector of the trampoline jumper is up.
A forward movement is not the goal.
He or she collapses, apparently heavily like an astronaut, goes up, then down, then effortlessly back up again.
Even here there is a competition, of course not without difficulty, but during the exercise, there's no hectic attack on the goal, no wolves in the distance, only the dreamy, elegant lifting of time and gravity.
It's so Zen as the competition at the Olympics can only be.
Women's qualification and final rounds will take place on Friday afternoon, in streaming at 13.00 Eastern Time; the men on Saturday, also at 13.00.
NBC will broadcast the finals as part of an afternoon block on both days from 2 p.m.
Amid the Olympic mania, they promise a quiet, nice moment, one which is likely to be overlooked in the general tumult.
If the awareness increase can only be achieved by the angst and the objectification of male athletes - as the male US Turner proposed recently, according to The Wall Street Journal - then Mr Dooley expects his struggling, new fancy community.
'A generation protest in Ethiopia, Long an ally of the US
Violent protests in Ethiopia
Protesters who call for political changes in Ethiopia encountered violent resistance to the government.
Witnesses say that time protesters were killed during clashes with police in firing changes.
Is Ethiopia straight together?
Over the past decade, it was one of Africa's most stable countries, a solid ally of the West with a fast-growing economy.
But in recent months, protests against the government have been the country and expanded into increasing numbers of areas.
Last week stormed thousands of people on the streets and demanded fundamental political changes.
The government's response was ruthless, according to human rights organisations.
Witnesses said policemen shot and killed on unarmed protesters.
Circulating videos about the protests, which are presumably from the last or the beginning of this year, show security personnel beat young people with sticks while these were forced to make a handset against a wall.
The head of the UN Authority for Human Rights is now requiring an incoming investigation.
It has always been difficult to keep this country together and in the future it will be even more difficult, "said Rashid Abdi, the project manager of the Horn of Africa of the International Crisis Group, a research group.
Ethiopia is the most populous country in Africa after Nigeria and its stability is estimated by the West.
American military and intelligence services are working closely with Ethiopians to fight terrorist riding over the region, especially in Somalia, only a few countries in Africa, if anything, get so much Western help.
Ethiopie's economy expanded at the considerable pace.
Its infrastructure has improved drastically - there is a new commute train in the capital Addis Ababa.
The streets are usually quiet, safe and clean.
Even if Ethiopia was anything but an example of democracy - human rights organisations have continually led the oppression by the government - the opposition in the country has been restricted, with dissidents effectively silenced.
Many were sent to exile or prison, killed or driven into the expansions of the desert.
But that could change.
If you suppress people and these do not have any other options except to protest, it breaks out, said Seyoum Teshome, a lecturer in Central Ethiopia.
All of the youth protests.
A generation protests.
There are numerous complaints covering everything from ground use to stranglehold in terms of power of the ruling coalition.
After a widely criticised election last year, the ruling party and its allies received the opposition's last seat and now control 100 per cent of parliament.
At the same time, tensions rise along the border with Eritrea; a fight around this trapping, controversial line claimed hundreds of lives in June.
Analysts worry that separatists such as the Oromo Liberation Front or the Ogadine's National Liberation Front, which has been more or less forced in recent years, exploit turbulence and could arm again.
Several factors explain why feelings of bitterness were now exploding after years of getting in front of the surface under the surface.
The first seems harmless: smartphones.
It is only in recent years that very many Ethiopians have been able to communicate through social media as cheaper smartphones have been increasingly frequent and improved internet services.
Even if the government blocks access to Facebook and Twitter, which they do regularly, particularly in protests, many people can still communicate over internet proxies that hide where they stop.
Several young Ethiopians said they gathered to protest.
The second factor is that there is more solidarity between the Oromos and Amharas, the two biggest ethnicities in Ethiopia.
The Oromos and Amharas are not natural enemies.
Since eons, the Amharas, who are mostly Christian highlights, have been prospering in politics and the economy while exploiting the oromos, many of which are Muslims and living in flat areas.
But that's also changing straight.
We are in the process of coordinating under a screen, "said Mulatu Gemechu, a leader of the Oromos.
The biggest protests took place in areas of the Amhara and Oromos.
Many Amharas and Oromos have the feeling that Ethiopia is unfairly dominated by members of the ethnic group of Tigray, which accounts for about 6 per cent of the population and are dominant in the military, in the intelligence agencies, in trade and politics.
The third reason for the unrest is the death of Meles Zenawi.
Mr Meles, a former rebel leader, was until his death at a non-publicised disease in 2012 for 17 years of Ethiopia's prime minister.
He was seen as a tactical genius, a man who could think of corners.
Analysts say he was particularly savvy in it to perceive early signs of dissatisfaction and use special envoy to edit opponents and make them unharmed.
"The current regime is missing from this fundamental skill," said Mr Abdi, a conflict analyst.
Ethiopie's new prime minister, Hailemariam Desalegs, was selected for relatively obscuring reasons to take the position of Mr Meles.
Unlike Mr Meles, who came from the Tigray region of northern Ethiopia, Mr Hailemariam comes from the south.
Analysts say he is not enjoying the confidence of the Tigray controlled security services.
Many fear the result will be more bloodshed.
The last time Ethiopia experienced such turmoil was in 2005, after thousands protested against elections, which, according to data from analysts, apparently botched and subsequently stolen from the government.
During the following raids, many protesters have been killed, even if it was less than in recent months and this time of unrest went over relatively quickly.
Development experts praised Ethiopia's leaders for their visionary infrastructure planning, such as the new commuting plant, as well as for their measurable progress in combating poverty.
But obviously this has not prevented the intensification of the Ethiopian government's internal miscarriage.
And it takes a dangerous ethnic form.
Last month, protesters in Gondar, an amharic city, of Tigray's business and the hatred towards the Tigray will be increasingly common in social media.
Analysts say the protests bring the US and other Western allies into a strange position.
The American government used Ethiopia as the base for drone flights over neighboring Somalia, even though they recently told them that it closed this base.
While the West clearly wants to support democracy, he does not want his ally to collapse in an already volatile area.
This, said Mr Abdi, is a very thin gratitude.
Donald Trump explains his allegation Obama had founded ISIS was sarcasm.
Donald J. Trump tried to disperse the latest controversy on Friday that surrounded his campaign by saying his multiple repeated assertion that President Obama and Hillary Clinton would not be serious about the founders of the terrorist group of Islamic State.
This clarification accused new questions about the Republican's communications skills, whether he was able to communicate clearly and understandably with the American public.
It also brings to his fellow campaigners who are seeking to take him into protection during an eventful phase into the peculiar position of explaining statements that he couldn't mean at all.
After making the hint at a campaign event on Wednesday night, Mr. Trump returned in relation to the claim on Thursday and insisted in interviews that he really didn't intend to indicate the president and Mrs. Clinton had created ISIS.
But in an early morning tweet on Friday, Mr. Trump said he was simply sarcastic.
The tweet was the opposite of the previous day, where Mr Trump said in a series of interviews he meant the accusation was perfectly serious.
When the conservative radio presenter Hugh Hewitt wanted Mr. Trump to help weaken the statement by reminding him that Mr. Obama wants to destroy ISIS, the Republican presidential candidate wanted nothing to know.
The latest storm of the criticism praises Mr Trump, while attempting to steer the focus of his campaign because of falling polls on the economic situation.
Mr Trump and Mrs. Clinton held speeches on the economic situation in Michigan this week.
On Friday, Mr. Trump tried to return back to this issue.
Speaking about Twitter, he warned that Mrs. Clinton's proposals would lead to higher taxes and that he found her speech boring.
Mr Trump has already presented Sarkasmus to his defence.
In late July, he pulled strong criticism when he said the Russians should hack Mrs. Clinton's emails, but explained he later said, of course, I said that sarcastically. "
This method allows Mr. Trump to postpone the language boundaries in politics and then return back to need.
I think it's one of his methods to test how certain messages are recorded by his fans as they arrive, and then, if appropriate, clarifying depending on how the reaction is out, "said Ruth Sherman, a communications expert who observes the language of both candidates.
But I also believe he is clever enough to keep his statements vague enough so they can be interpreted in different ways.
Rather than defying the tone for presidential elections, Mr. Trump has adopted an even more corroborative tone as his poll ratings have continued to decline.
A new survey of NBC / Wall Street Journal / Marist, which was published on Friday, showed a lead with a great advantage in the states of North Carolina, Virginia, Colorado and a head-to-head race in Florida.
While Mr Trump generally attempts not to apologise for his provocative remarks, he frequently accused his critics of distorting his statements or wrongly understanding his humor.
But while he is increasingly in the focus of attention in recent months of his presidential campaign, Mr. Trump's joke brought his loyal compassion into the uncomfortable situation, regardless of how provocatively his statements may be.
Rudolph P. Giuliani, former mayor of New York and one of Trump's most prominent advocates, gave great trouble to defend the candidate in a CNN interview Thursday today.
I think what he says is legitimate, political comments, Mr Giuliani said, so he was interviewed to the accuracy of Mr. Trump's statements whether Mr Obama and Mrs. Clinton had founded the Islamic State.
It is true in this sense that before Obama, ISIS, was an almost unknown, small organisation, he called them backbenchers, completely wrong and therefore happened because he dropped the troops from Iraq.
Most mainstream Republicans are trying to argue that the government under Obama, in which Mrs. Clinton served as Secretary of State, allowed ISIS to spread by subjecting it to aggressively control the situation in the Middle East.
Before the election campaign events in Pennsylvania on Friday, Mr. Trump continued his attacks on the media and threw them off on each of his words and being biased against him.
He derided the "poor, poor television experts who try to understand him and said," you can't!. "
Some of the Democrats scored about Mr Trump's apology as just another evidence that he was inappropriate for the president.
Once out about the price from the market, café comes back in Greenpoint
Verb Cafe was a shabby cafe in Williamsburg, in which only to pay cash, which had no Wi-Fi, but for 15 years serving good coffee.
Of course, it was pushed by prices from his Bedford Avenue shop front.
The business Soap Cherie, which replaced Verb in the summer of 2014, sells soap in the form of Cupcakes.
Locals mastered it as the last loss in a gentrificizing city.
The artist Molly Crabpapable wrote on Twitter, "I know New York is change, but I can still not believe that CBGB dead, the Chelsea Hotel excluded and Verb is now a soap business."
But if New York is changed, it is also reinvention.
A revived Verb Cafe opened last November in Greenpoint, less than a mile north of its original location.
The new verb has Wi-Fi and accepts credit cards, but still has some of the same staff and a similarly simple atmosphere.
The coffee is still good even.
The new owner of the is Cisco Rodriguez, a longtime staff member of the old cafe, the owner and managing director of the new cafe.
He began working at Verb in 2001 and remained there until the end.
When he offered a customer to provide funds for a new outfield, he was excited to do it, he said.
Rodriguez, 36, reserved a lot.
Verb uses the same distributor for the Bagels bought the same espresso machine model.
It even uses the same lamps from the old verb.
But Rodriguez said he also wanted to experiment.
He led new ingredients.
On the menu stand sandwiches with bacon and cheese and there are garnishes like capers and saunted onions.
There's natural bowls.
The cafe serves no more beer, for that there's fresh juices.
After nine months, Rodriguez said he noticed a steady electricity of old regular customers.
Many old customers were also displaced by prices from Williamsburg, he said.
Recently on a Sunday, Rebecca Oliveira was such a customer.
Oliveira, 34, earlier in Williamsburg and visited the verb regularly.
Even after being drawn to Greenpoint, she would take the way.
After the verb had closed, she gave a while the coffee drink, she said.
I was clear that it was in coffee and at the culture in the verb that I liked, "she said.
Now she's drinking again coffee, even if she ordered a bleed chai Chai this day instead of her usual ICED coffees, which is another new addition.
Tom Rosenthal has been another longtime and loyal customer since the beginning of the verb in 2003.
He went there before work and inevitably always ordered the same thing.
I came quarter after seven, every day, like a Swiss pocket clock and they prepare my Everything-Bagel with butter, "he said.
Photograph Rodriguez said he wanted to experiment and include new ingredients in the menu.
Nowadays, Rosenthal still gets his usual order, but sometimes he changes his everything bagel with bacon, egg and cheese.
Rodriguez said he had no resentment over that the soap business has taken the old business room.
Indeed, the owners of Soap Cherie offered to produce a special soap for verb with the casual coffee of the cafe as ingredient.
I think we will still go on her offer, "said Rodriguez.
And traditional, Polish residents Greenpoints have also accepted the cafe.
A new customer translated the menu into Polish and Rodriguez said he intends to issue them soon, so his new neighbours feel welcome.
The location also has other merits.
A local juggernaut wants to fill and sell the cold coffee into the bottle.
There is a chance the cafe expands on a neighboring building.
For many customers, a new verb is enough to get their old favourites.
Joseph Witt was regular customer and said he was destroyed to the ground when the cafe closed.
When the new cafe opened, Whitt said that entering the local and ordering a new coffee feel like a home return.
I had to smell that, "he said.
The depressing meal of the economic crisis in a rich meal
In March 1933, shortly after his rise to the president, Franklin Delano Roosevelt took his lunch in the Oval Office.
As a gourmet, President Roosevelt had a fait for sophisticated delicacies of Fifth Avenue like Pâte de foie gras and Maryland water turtle soup.
His menu this day was a little more modest: filled eggs in tomato sauce, potato piracy and as a dessert a plum pudding.
It was an act of culinary solidarity with suffering people, "said Jane Ziegelman.
Her husband Andrew Coe added, "It was also a message to the Americans as they should eat."
The couple live in Brooklyn Heights and are both food historians.
Coes's latest book Chop Suey acted from Chinese cuisine in the US, while brick man in her book's 97 orchard has been told about life in a housing at the Lower East Side from the food perspective.
Her latest collaboration, a decent meal, will appear on Tuesday in the Harper publisher, illustrating the history of American cuisine during the Great Depression.
They showed culinary solidarity when they meet with a reporter in the Eisenberg's Sandwich Shop, a small, unnecessary snack at the Flatiron District, which has already been in business since the stock crash in 1929.
Brick man, 54, ordered a freshest cherry with olive pieces, while Coe, 57, turkey with potato purges and vegetable mixture.
When the reporter ordered reporters, this found this fitted the couple for a discussion of the food in the era of the Great Depression.
"Rich groceries were very popular," said Ziegel.
There was peanut bread, liver cheese and bean bread.
They were prepared from an ingredient and slightly cheaper that stretches the ingredient.
Imagine eating so many peanuts that they serve them as dinners.
CoE grinsten.
It must have laid in the stomach like lead, "he said.
In the years before the Great Depression, the table was in an American budget, especially in rural areas, an all-y-can-eat buffet.
Teams of women cook for male field workers and it was served freshly baked paste for breakfast, lunch and dinner.
It was the Americans who sent food to hungry Europeans during the First World War, a Square Meal distinguishes the pathways with which the country declined to be no longer the slate land.
It was a time when food for the Americans was a central, tense theme, "endorsed Coe, why he and his wife wanted to write about it.
Just as tense was the new budget diet: mysterious foods such as bread and casseroles have become basic foods, casserole rolling as a "wonderful way of recovering food rests," noticed brick since cooks could hide unappetitive ingredients under a creamy sauce.
Fresh fruit was replaced by cheaper dry fruit.
Meat, which was years at the heart of the American cuisine, became a rarely served luxury.
Strange mixtures have been tried, as a calorie and nutritious satisfaction had priority over taste or even healthy kitchen sense.
During her research for the book, which includes recipes, Ziegelman prepared a court from this era, baked onions with peak butter.
It wasn't a popular addition at lunchtime, "says Coe.
Brick man continues: it was surreal.
Peanut butter and baked onions don't fit each other.
It was typical for many of the home economic recipes.
As never before or since, budget economists - including Louise Stanley, director of the Federal Bureau of Home Economics between 1923 to 1943 - drove the country's eating habits of this kind.
By releasing prescriptions and articles in newspapers and magazines, they encouraged women to become budget policymakers and to meet the challenge of turning pamper like creamy spaghetti with carrots into delicious meals.
A Square Meal is a festival of historic delicacies.
In particular, the reports of the government's response to the hungry citizens, such as President Herbert Hoover's lass-mich-cake food stance.
While he publicly praised the simple Iowa farm kitchen of his kitchen, he dined like the millionaire man of world to which he has become.
He moved continental kitchen like fish with cucumber sauce, "Coe said.
He in a nearly gilted dining room and wearing a smoking.
He was wonderfully realistic.
President Roosevelt might have committed the same mistake if not his wife, Eleanor, called him to state an example with his stomach.
As described in the book, the hinters of a housekeeper with no interest in flavors by Mrs Roosevelt carried out that the White House produced the most boring meal in Washington but also one of the most prepared.
Many of the species from the era of the Great Depression to deal with food was dismissed once the country came back on its legs.
The legacy is on our continuing focus on calories and food, said Ziegel, as well as how science was applied to food.
The couple announced the book's eating habits better understood the book's eating habits - for example, like they couldn't throw food.
She had a real fear of wasting food, "Coe said.
Brick man recalled: 'you actually made people sick.
There was the wind plague incident.
After the plates were cleared at Eisenberg, they and Coe produced a dessert which they had been preparing at home: the plum dessert, which President Roosevelt was attached to midday.
It is called Prune Whip, "said Ziegelman, adding that it was an usual trick to miss a sending name.
There was no beaten cream, just plums, some flour, sugar, water and cinnamon.
Everyone emerged somewhat reluctantly a spoon in the tough, brown glibbers.
Amazingly, it didn't taste bad.
CoE took three times an afterthought.
Like a Can-Do-Budgeter, he told his wife, "A couple of hacked walnuts would help."
Killed in bomb attack: he was the hero of Aleppo
He put his own life at risk around others: Khaled Omar.
He was the hero of Aleppo: Khaled Omar devoted his life to the people of Syria.
He risked everything to save others life.
Now the 30-year-old himself has died in a fiscal attack by the Assad regime.
Omar was a member of the White Helmets, a civil protection group that, according to pictured newspaper, saved just 60,000 people the lives.
2900 volunteers put their own lives at risk of pulling people from bombed homes and first help in the war zone.
They are the heroes of the war in Syria.
Omar was the group's face: a video of the civil protector showing him during a 11-hour salvage of an infant from the debris of a house, went around the world in 2014.
It made the Syrians to the bright symbolic character in the gray of the war.
However, as a hero he never seen himself, saying, according to image: for me, this is the real Jihad. "
When I die in saving lives, I think God sees a martyr in me. "
Shortly before Omar himself fell to an attack, he had spoken in a video about the last bomb attacks in Syria.
The helicopters have dropped four barrel bombs above the Alzadian district, one was filled with chlores.
A woman and two children died, seven people are suffering from atemnot.
We are now eliminating the toxic remains of the bomb so that not children play with it, quoting the picture of his last words before he died.
The fatal bomb of the Assad regime should hit terrorists.
Greenlandai: the oldest vertebrae is nearly 400 years old
Rare sight.
Greenland sharks are mostly just in winter to surface.
This shark has returned to the sea following an investigation on board the research ship Sanna.
He was born in 1624 and swimmed with good a 1km / h through the North Atlantic - to this day.
Greenland's shark will only get up to 150 years.
Indeed, the Greenlandhai swim at the bottom of the North Atlantic, in an hour he comes on average just 1,220 feet.
Just when it comes down, the five metre long animals are accelerating to satellite 2.6 km / h - and is half as fast as a robber.
However, this long-standing lifestyle seems to be a patent recipe for a high age.
Julius Nielsen of the University of Copenhagen and his colleagues report in the journal Science, in any case, of a Greenlandhai, which could be 392 years old.
"Madness," comments Alexander Scheuerlein from the Max Planck Institute for Demographic Research in Rostock this life span, which means a world record for vertebrae.
While the evolution biologist has long been suspected, Greenland sharks will become stone.
Only the evidence was missing.
Greenland's sharks are hard to watch, after all, they live especially in the ice cream in front of the thinly populated coastlines of Canada, Greenland, Norway and Spitsbergen.
Because they prefer water temperatures around the six degrees Celsius, they mostly dive on the surface only in the winter.
Researchers accordingly know about the lifestyle of Greenlandhais.
Her timeless pace measures them when they equipped six animals with a broadcaster before Spitsbergen.
Prey these sharks are still making: in the stomach of an animal, researchers found the remains of a robbe, another had swallowed the jaw bone of a young polar bear.
Possibly they are chasing sleeping animals or patrolling at the bottom of the ice seas and search caravers who torture from higher water layers.
Julius Nielsen and his colleagues are now investigating 28 Greenland sharks that fishermen picked up fishermen between 2010 and 2013 ahead of Greenland or Spitzbergen as bycatches from the depth of the North Atlantic.
The smallest shark was just 81 inches long, while the largest 502 inches.
To determine the age of the animals, they analyzed the sharks with the carbon 14 method.
This centre of the eye lens arises before the birth of the sharks, which included proteins will no longer be renewed later.
The two smallest sharks had strikingly had a lot of carbon 14 in the lentils.
Her birth should therefore be following the early 1960s, when nuclear attempts made larger amounts of this radioactive carbon into the atmosphere.
In the country with 220 centimetres of third-seeded animals, the lentils contained a small surplus of carbon 14 from nuclear tests, therefore likely to have celebrated its 50th birthday during its investigation in 2012.
All the larger Greenland hair, by contrast, had normal carbon 14-foot quantities that emerge through cosmic radiation in the atmosphere.
Indeed, the carbon clock for a 493 centimetre long Greenhandhandi showed an age of 335, while the record has been likely to be 392 years old with 502 centimetres.
That Greenlandhai females were only getting offspring when they are longer than four feet, was known.
Now, the researchers were able to assign length an age.
Since one of the animals with 392 centimetres was probably on the threshold of gender tire and his age was determined with 156 years, Greenland sharks with the propagation obviously leave at least one and a half centuries.
Even this is likely to be world record for vertebrates at the moment.
That such Methusaleme lives especially in icy waters isn't a coincidence.
Even the previous record holder, a 211 year old Greenwall whose bacon on the neck put a 120-year-old harpoint top, was caught before Alaska.
Through low temperatures, frequently, the organism of the animals living there also runs on savings flames.
So they mature later - and ageing slower.
To keep warm in the cold water, the animals are also often particularly great.
Because the volume is growing much faster than its surface, through which the animal loses heat.
The heat loss of a gram mouse is therefore much bigger than at a gram elephant.
Another advantage: they have fewer enemies.
So a smaller animal lives more dangerous and should be focused on having as many offspring as possible as early as possible, "explains the evolutionary biologist.
By contrast, a very large animal should invest its resources into a long life.
Building ground in double
With issues around building, the council has focused on focusing on the recent meeting.
With relief, the panel took the communication from Mayor Robert Plaz that will finally be able to start marketing the recently designated residential area. "
After the property, parenting and development issues were cleared and the applications could be put on survey, the sale of the property in the residential areas of the residential area and Schönau-West (area Binderstrasse - expansion section 1) is nothing more in the wake of interested parties.
The council is convinced that the construction spaces in the countryside and quiet housing community Schönau address young families and restful seniors equally.
As it said, construction volunteers can report immediately at City Hall, over the allocation of the parcels, the council is expected to advise in its September session.
To also ask questions about the settlement of other commercial operations, linked to job creation, the community council decided to change the land utilization plan in partial areas only in the spring this year.
For example, in the subject area, this will be extended there already designated business area around two parcels direction State Road in 2112.
Frankfurt benefits from Brexit
The city at Main therefore in competition with Paris, Dublin and Luxembourg has the best chances of attracting from London's relocated jobs and firms.
It's very likely that Frankfurt will benefit most from the Brexit vote, says Michael Voigtlander, head of the IW's financial markets and property markets.
According to the Brexit referendum, it is uncertain whether funds may continue to operate from London from financial transactions across the EU.
For the so-called EU passport, they have so far been enough to admit in Britain.
These are just using large U.S. banks.
Several banks have already announced to shift jobs.
The lobbying agreement, Frankfurt Main Finance, expects 10000 new jobs on the Main within five years.
For Frankfurt, according to the IW, speaking to the headquarters of the European Central Bank (ECB), combines responsibility for monetary policy and oversight of the eurozone's largest banks, as well as other major authorities such as European insurance supervision EIOPA and the ESRB risk.
In Paris, the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) has its headquarters, but this one is less significant than the ECB for the financial sector.
"Closeness to the central bank is important for banks as they can communicate directly with the supervision," says IP Professor Voigtlander.
Luxembourg, while a large fund industry, cut as well as Dublin in infrastructure worse.
Frankfurt was much easier to achieve thanks to the big airport.
Also scored the city with easily available commercial properties.
In Paris, it's not so easy to find free high-quality offices, "says Voigtlander.
Additionally, the rents for first-class commercial properties are 50 per cent higher than at Main.
In addition, Frankfurt offers a higher quality of life than the competition thanks to good medical care and infrastructure as well as less crime.
In a ranking of consulting Mercer, the city stands at seven, Luxembourg on No 19, Dublin to No 33 and Paris in 37th place.
Even though quality of life is a matter of preference: "with its already strong position as a financial location for the European single market, Frankfurt could attract more banks and investors," conclusions.
However, despite Brexit vote, London will remain in Europe, my business researchers.
The power conditions are also talking about: in London, according to figures from Landesbank Helaba in late 2015, about 144,000 people in the banking industry, in Frankfurt, were 62500.
Gilead gets legal costs from the Hepatitis C patent dispute with Merck
An American court judge decided that Gilead Sciences is entitled to refund the legal costs that emerged from the Hepatits C legal battle with the pharmaceutical company Merck Co Inc.
In June, Gilead was freed from a compensation payment of $200million for the violation of two patents of Merck, which stood in connection with the blockbuster drugs Sovaldi and Harvoni of Gilead after a US judge uncovered a pattern of misconduct by Mercks, including the ceiling and other unethical acts.
During survey of the lawsuit on Thursday, U.S. Judge Beth Labson Freeman said that Gilead's claim for issuing costs were created during the defence of the case.
Merck is trying to equalise with Gilead, which dominates the market of a new generation of hepatitis drugs, which can cure over 90 per cent of patients with liver disease.
The case goes back to 2013, when Gilead and Merck sued each other and claimed property on laboratory work that Sofosbuvir underlined, the active ingredient in the Gilead's drugs.
From the US supported troops say they again reclaimed full control of Manbij of Islamic State
Forces supported by the U.S. have reclaimed full control of the northern city of Manzib near the Turkish border after the last IS fighters left in the city, a spokesman for the group said Friday.
The Democratic forces of Syria (DKS) come through the extraction of the remaining group of fighters who have been buried within the city at the moment.
They have freed over 2,000 civilians, who were held hostage by the fighters as hostages, Sharfan Darwish, with the DKS ally Manbip Military Council, told Reuters.
The city is now under complete control, but we are conducting just cleanup through, "he told Reuters.
Clintons earn 10.75 million in 2015 and pay 34.2% federal taxes
Hillary Clinton published her tax return for 2015 on Friday, which resulted for the Democrats' presidential candidate and her husband's income of $10.75 million and an effective federal tax rate of 34.2%.
In 2015, the Clinton donated $1 million for charitable purposes, mainly to the Clinton Foundation; former President Bill Clinton generated almost $5.3 million in redemption rates; the former foreign minister gave an income of $3 million from the publisher Simon's Schuster for her book about her book at the foreign ministry.
Clinton's candidate for the vice presidency, Senator Tim Kaine from Virginia, along with his wife, Anne Holton, posted his tax returns of the last decade.
They paid an effective federal tax rate of 20.3% in 2015.
Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine continue to put standards on financial transparency, "admitted Clinton's campaign held Jennifer Palmieri in an opinion.
In a stark contrast to this, Donald Trump is hiding behind false excuses and retreating in relation to his previous promises to release his tax returns.
It is common for US presidential candidates to release their tax returns, although they are not committed by law.
Trump, a New York businessman, and his lawyers have indicated a tax review by the tax authorities as a reason for his denial.
They are on train, writing Clinton's campaign helicopter Ian Sams on Twitter, in terms of the publication of the Democrats' presidential candidate.
On Thursday, Michael Cohen, Trump's special adviser, said to CNN that he would not allow Trump to publish something before the tax exams are not complete.
Trump's critics, including the 2012 Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney, have already announced that his refusal raises questions regarding assets, his donations for charitable organisations, its business and various other connections, particularly with Russia.
Clinton has already toppled on the subject and posted a video on the Internet on Friday, in which high-ranking Republicans Trump urged his tax returns to publish.
On Thursday, she also spoke to the issue during a speech on the economy in Michigan.
He refuses to do what every other presidential candidate has done in recent decades and publish his tax returns. "She said to the crowd.
Politico has reported that Trump has paid no or very little tax during the 1990s, and an economic journalist at the New York Times quoted a series of tax advisers and tax advisers on Friday, who said that could still be the case.
Federal taxes have become an issue in the campaign.
Clinton supports a regulation named after the billionaire and investor Warren Buffett, which would ensure that people would pay the more than $1 million earning a tax rate of at least 30 per cent.
President Obama also supports the proposal.
During a campaign event for Hillary Clinton last week in Omaha, Nebraska, whose Berkshire Hathaway industrial conglomerate here has his seat here has Trump to exchange a meeting on their tax returns.
Buffett said he was also undergoing a tax review of the IRS and Trump has "feared before voters and not before the tax authorities.
Clinton's campaign has released tax returns by 2007.
The Clintons, which now live in Chappaque, New York, paid on average an effective federal rate of about 32% between the years 2007 to 2014 and an effective combined tax rate of about 40.5%.
The tax declaration by the Clintons of 2015 showed that this only USD 100 of its income was referred to as a wage, unlike most of all Americans.
Their main money facility was a cost-effective index fund, from which the Clinton dividends and earnings of USD 109,000 taxed.
With contributions from Kevin Drawbaugh; edited by Jonathan Otis
Condoms with Chilipud, fireworks promote Tanzania's elephant protection
Conservationists in Tanzania use an unorthodox way to prevent elephants from going into people inhabited settlements - they throw condoms on them filled with chilipuders.
The method has proven to be effective and the Honeyguide Foundation, which had years ago, has intensified its promotion together with U.S. nature conservation by training volunteers in villages in northern Tanzania to use a non-violent four-legged method to protect their homes and crops without violating animals.
Previously, many spears have used to defend itself.
Friday is World War's Day, which is devoted to animal welfare.
Since then we have developed that toolkit, we were able to watch a change in their attitude within these communities, with them much more confident that they can hold the elephants from their fields without hurting the elephants, "the managing director of Honeyguide Damian Bell expressed in a note.
The first two steps include the illumination of the elephant with a torch and the bubble into a horn.
If he's not deterred, a so-called chili cloud will be thrown.
Chilipuder mixed with it together with a fire body into a condom whose end is being turned up to the ignition cord.
When it is lit, the condom is bursting with a bang and spraying fine dust on chiluders into the air.
A touch quite usually already out to chase the elephants.
One last possibility represents a campaigner who shoots a gold fire plant into the air, causing a loud, bright explosion.
Councillors unanimously decide: no kiosk building at St. Goarer Rheinup
Normally, the St. Goarer's investment plans are taking place by tradesmen with Kushdan - down straight to the retailers in the core city as significantly expanding.
However, the council declined unanimously to the request for the building of a sales kiosk at the Rheiner in the immediate nearness of the Rhine balcony.
In principle, we welcome new traders, but at this location in exposed location at the Rheiner, this kiosk doesn't match this kiosk, "Michael Hubrath explained to the CDU group.
Jewish director smashes Berlin's hotel because Israeli preselection was removed following Arab's call - RT News
A French director with Jewish roots removed a media result after betraying that the Kempinski Bristol Hotel in Berlin did not list Israeli pre-selection as it requested Arab guests, according to an employee.
Claude Lanzmann, author of the Holocaust documentary Shoah, left his trouble at Kempinski Bristol Hotel in Berlin by writing an open letter to the German newspaper FAZ.
During his last stay, Lanzmann tried to find Israel on the hotel's pre-election list.
However, the country was not listed between the countries that can be called directly from the hotel room.
How is it possible in 2016 in Berlin, the capital of the new Germany, that Israel was eliminated and deleted?
Wrote Lanzman.
Instead, Kempinksi Bristol offers a way to choose Israel across its own Call Center.
According to a statement, the director turned to the hotel reception.
The answer he received there, "shocked him, as Lanzmann wrote.
The hotel resident said the measure was an intentional decision by the management of the Kempinski hotel.
The reason behind it triggered even more raging in the director.
Most of our guests are Arabs and they demanded that the preselection be deleted, was quoted by Lanzmann's employees.
The Israeli ambassador to Germany Yakov Hadassman called this a big shame, "the Süddeuthe newspaper reports.
We were horrified and dismayed by this event.
That's really very embarrassing.
The fact that this has taken place in Germany in exactly this hotel chain is even an even greater disgrace.
That does not require any explanation.
We expect the hotel to draw the right conclusions, "the official said.
The incident triggered a pretty great resonance on the internet in which people called the whole a scandal.
Some understand the Kempinski Hotel that it had given up the alleged calls of Arab guests.
"Ashamed you," they said in another contribution in which he was pointed out that the hotel, which is located at the noble Kurfurstendamm, stands near a synagogue.
The hotel quickly pointed out all the allegations and called the incident an accident and apologised at Lanzmann, The Mirror reports.
There was never a direct statement to include Israel into the fast-track list, "the Southern German newspaper quoted a spokesman for the Kempinski hotel.
It adds that the country's preselection was now added.
Police set tear gas rubber shots against protesting Brazilian students
Students met with police on Thursday in the Brazilian city of Sao Paulo when they gathered to demonstrate against the government's reforms to the public education system.
Police set tear gas and rubber bullets against the protesters.
The difficulties began when police officers tried to deal with students, leading to police rubber bullets and tear gas.
Several hundred students attended the demonstrations to express their consternation about the plans.
Under the proposals by the governor of the state of Sao Paulo Geraldo Alckmin, slightly less than 100 public schools will be closed, while 300,000 students are being implemented to save money.
Some of the protesters saw graffititits against the interim President Michel Temer spraying on walls.
The recent protests occurred some days after protesters went to the streets in masses to support the suspended President Dilma Rousseff, who had been removed from office by a vote by the Senate.
Trade between Russia's Iran suddenly rises to 71% - RT Russiness
With the lifting of the sanctions, according to the Russian ambassador to Iran, Levan Dzharyan, trade sales between Moscow and Tehran in the year, grew by 70.9 per cent.
Since international sanctions have been lifted against Iran, interest on the part of Russian companies at stores in the country grew strong, the ambassador told.
Russian companies are taking existing links with Iran, while new firms are ready to access the market.
Of course, the further trade expansion is one of the biggest priorities of bilateral collaboration with Iran, said Dzhagaryan.
He noted that trading sales between Russia and Iran in the first five months of 2016 rose by 70.9 per cent compared with the same period in 2015, and $856 million.
In particular, Russian imports in Iran increased by 91.5 per cent and amounted to $697 million.
Russian imports from Iran rose 16 per cent to $158 million.
The trade recovery has been reached by deliveries of machinery, land vehicles and guns, "the ambassador said.
Dzhagaryan goes from a record number of Iranian tourists in Russia for this year.
Last year, the Russian overseas representation admitted about 35,000 visas, primarily travel visas, an Iranian citizen.
In addition, Iran reached the top 20 of the countries, affecting the number of tourists in Russia.
You could say that the record numbers of Iranian tourists in Russia will be broken from last year, "he said.
At the same time, only relatively few Russians visit Iran, something that the ambassador hopes it will change.
Personally, I can recommend the visit to the cities of Isfahan, Shiraz and Yazd, who have received monuments of the old Persian civilisation in a good condition, "he said.
Witnesses searched: beverage market in forest oil raid
A robbery has been carried out on Thursday night on the Rewe XXL's beverage market at the Waldbill Gertern Road.
Under presentation of a firearm, three dark dressed people who had missed their faces, from the drinks market's employees then first walk and then presumably with a silver Volkswagen Gulf.
How much money was exploited, police don't share.
The perpetrators should have been big between 1.60 and 1.70 feet, so relatively small.
The beverage market is immediately available from the park of the re-market, accessible and badly viewable.
The offenders must be ran after the raid in the direction of Gerterstrasse, Friedrich-Engelberg's train and from the opposite Scottish parking lot with the silver car, possibly in the direction of B 256R (charge ring).
Anyone who made observations about the time (against 7.45pm), which is related to the robbery, is expected to report urgency among police.
Nagold: game and fun at summer freezes
Eight beautiful and happy days, the children and young people of the social pedagogical group's group's social group work of the children's protection federal government spent Nagold with their carers on their summer free time in Nussdorf, near Mühlacker.
In the quietly located recreational home forest, the life-time group was entered during the first school holiday week.
Several full-time outings were on the programme.
For one, it went to boards with the visit of the string zoo.
For the other to Maulbronn, where there was a special children's lead in the world-famous convent.
The third excursion led to Pforzheim.
At the Keltenmuseum in Hochdorf, the group learned a lot about everyday life and the food of the Celts.
On the hot days, the group at the depth lake in Maulbronn, which invited jumping, swimming and planning.
Culinarian were spoiled children and caregivers with their self-prepared desserts such as the Sauren Spätzle, the Seebronner Pännle, Iselshauser Bloff, the English Breakfast and Tübinger Bolognese.
In workshops, beating, beautiful jewels of beads and stones created or made from wood a Roman mill game.
Other highlights of leisure were the fishing in a nearby pond, the evenings on the fire and the final "colourful evening."
On the day of home journey, the sun and the children and young people returned home.
Haigerloch: pilgrims to the gate of mercy
The ministers from the marine unit of Eyachtal Haigerong St Anna were traveling on a four-day pilgrimage from Villingen to Freiburg.
Together, four stages were managed.
To bridge the time to the next roman pillage of all ministers in expected to bridge two years, the upper round of St. Anna has been determined to prepare and conduct a multi-day pilgrimage.
Various pilgrimage destinations have been examined and you decided eventually for the bishop's city of Freiburg, where this year, on the occasion of the Holy Year, mercy offered a special pilgrimage target with the gate of mercy on Fribourg Munster.
16 Minis from Bittelbronn, Gruol, Haigerloch and Saint rooms made themselves on the road.
In the evening, Parier Storost sent the pilgrims in a small celebration in St. Anna, bleaking the pilgrims and granted the pilgrimage.
From Horb, by train was driven to the starting point Villingen, where a monster of our loved woman is also standing and so did the pilgrimage from the Munster.
The individual day tours were framed by a short impulse with different prayers, songs and letters.
But also travelling the Minis to field crosses, chapels or churches repeatedly to sing together a song of specially composed pilgrim shop.
For the overnight stays, parishes were available to the local parishes.
At the staggering targets, Alexandra Burkhardt and Heidi Faller caused a tasty and strengthening dinner and breakfast.
Further it went on the second day over furlong to Gütenbach.
Tags arrived at the stage after St. Peter, which was the most exhausting route track, had to climb about 500 metres initially at initially and will resume afterwards.
The earned reward was a common barbecue at the Badweider.
After the morning punch at the fourth pilgrimage day in the imposing monastery church of St. Peter, it went to the final stage to Freiburg.
Visibly relieved and happily met the minis later afternoon at the Freiburg Munster and stepping down the gates of mercy.
With a small impulse, God was thanked here.
In the supply show in Munster, the Minis arriving at the pilgrimage welcomed by cooperator Markus Obert.
After the service, pilgrims were able to visit the sacristes and the high altar.
The next day was still time for the lawyer tropos.
In the afternoon, it went back by train to Hort.
At the end, all participants agreed that the days of spirituality and a strong community experience.
Scotted Callum Skinner stormed home when Britons scored gold for cycling
Scotland's Callum Skinner rasted last night in the men's team sprint in the Velodrom in Rio to fame when the British team defended the title of London 2012.
The 23-year-old from Glasgow took the anchor role that had his compatriot Sir Chris Hoy had embraced the boy... the boy made the legend proudly when he stormed home to introduce a victory from the favorites of New Zealand.
England claimed a shocking victory four years ago, while the fifth of six Olympic medals picked up.
They repeated the trick after picking up only a modest sixth place in March at the rail championships in London despite the resignation of Hoys.
The problem between Beijing and London was the replacement of driver Jamie Staff.
They did so in time for a hind.
Hoys retirement generated a gap that Kian Emadi and Matt Crampton tried to close.
Skinner was the man where they stayed when they saw potential in the Scot, which has now unfolded.
Hindes, Kenny - who win with Hoy four years ago - and Skinner put an Olympic record in the qualifying rounds, but in the standard rounds the New Zealander won in the first round.
And the British trio won the duel with gold.
Hindes were just back after his round, but Kenny brought the team to the front and skinner held it.
A strategy change made much of the transformation, where Hindes drove in a higher gear to slow it and allow Kenny and especially skinners to keep the pace.
Hoy looked at his position as BBC expert and dropped skinner, Kenny and Hindes when these rose to the podium.
The 23-year-old skinner from Glasgow said: "it's a flattering comparison."
I'm just here to do my best and make me a name.
We set up an Olympic record in the final and defeated the world champions.
It was just incredible.
There is no better way to win this.
After the 2012 triumph on the side of Kennys and Hoys, Hindes admitted that after a weak start, he was intentionally on the track.
He later pulled this statement back and there was no appeal from England's rivals.
In such an outstanding victory, this time there was no such problem.
Hindes said: it feels like the whole GB flags in the stands like London. "
We have come together as a team in the last three months.
We have come so badly at so many world titles that it was incredible to win again at the Olympics.
This is an event, a gold medal for the nation, which won seven of 10 titles both in Beijing and London.
If that's a barometer of our progress in the last five months that expects successful five days at the Velodrom.
With the form Kennys is in the area of the possibility that he reiterates Hoy's victory of three Olympic gold medals in a competition.
That would be for Kenny - who is exactly 12 years younger Hoy, who was also born on March 23 (an apparently holy date for British sport; on the day there were also Steve Redgrave, Mo Farah and Roger Bannister) - a yield of six gold medals and a silver medal.
That would be the one of Hoy equals.
Kenny is taking part next in the sprint, who will begin today and go over three days.
The 28-year-old from Bolton said: 'I only enjoy this for the moment.
The team event is always best.
You can win it with his colleagues.
It feels something lonely to win alone.
Hindes said: when he wins two more gold medals, he should be beaten to Knight. "
It was the only medal contest of the day but there was further good news for England.
Sir Bradly Wiggins, Ed Clancy, Steven Burke and Owain Doull qualified with the fastest performance in the four-kilometre race.
They arrived at 3: 51,942 at the target.
The world record, which won gold in 2012, was 3: 51.659.
The first and final round (22.42) takes place today on the second day of the competition, where Wiggins will certainly be in focus.
He had argued with representatives before the qualification yesterday when him calling for officials to measure his body size.
In the relevant women's contest, which continues and finished tomorrow, Laura Trott, Joanna Rowsell Shand, Elinor Barker and Katie Archibal of Milngavie in World record time in 4: 13,260.
The GB team leaves its strong rail team to dominate the mid-period of the Olympic Games and pick up a char of medals.
After a truly exceptional portrayal of absolute dominance in Beijing and London, expectations for Rio were downplayed.
It played dramas in the background, according to the resignation of the technical leader Shane Sutton in April amid sexism and bullying allegations as well as retiring sizes such as Hoy and Victoria Pendleton.
However, if you look at the first evening of the competition in the Velodrom, it looks quite afterwards than the now legendary reputation of GBs, which has reached its peak at the perfect moment.
Future of Portland's meltdown because of lifting the energy contract is questionable
The future of Portland's aluminium melting of Portland in Victoria - as well as hundreds of jobs from workers - are at stake as the plant operator terminates the energy supply contract and thus lift all supply contracts, as the delivery energy company reported.
This move followed the government's decision in Victoria earlier this year to give no further subsidies to the operation of the facility.
A subsidy set for 20 years is running in November.
Up to 2,000 jobs at the facility of Alcoa in Portland are at stake.
No fewer than 2,000 jobs directly, as well as indirect - could be endangered in closure.
In addition, it could come to domino effects as the melting about 10 per cent of Victoria's entire power generation.
2014, Alcoa closed the Point Henry meltdown, leading to a closure of the Anglesea power plant last year.
Alcoa's meltdown in Portland loses money and risks closing.
This move follows years of speculation about the future of the plant, originally as a result of the strong Australian dollar and most recently because of the power price for the facility.
AGL, which delivers the large aluminium melting with its Loy Yang A power station in Latrobe Valley, announced that it assumes that three other owners will terminate their contracts.
The facility is in the majority ownership of a joint venture of Alcoa and Alumina, of which Chinese companies CITIC and the Japanese Marubeni Corp hold smaller shares.
AGL assumes the facility will continue to operate in Portland, which includes another physical demand for electricity through the meltdown, "the company said.
AGL continues to say that the contracts were so-called security businesses, which should have entered into force from November 2016.
The contracts have a 12-month termination period so they will end in 2017.
Of course, AGC assumes that the contracts will contribute to revenues in fiscal year, "the power supplier said.
Any potential implications for revenue on AGL from the DJ 18 are currently limited by the forecasts of strong futures markets for wholesale currency prices.
AGL announced that it had already written the value of the contracts in its annual accounts of $187 million in an expectation of a termination.
Alcoa said the decision to book the contracts will not affect the capacity of Alcoas... or guaranteeing power supplies to melting. "
The US company said it had completed a 20-year contract with Loy Yang in 2010, which should have entered into force from November this year, even if it's still guilty of a statement why it resigned from the contract.
Analysts warn of the industry's poor economic conditions ahead of the possible closure of Portland meltdown in Victoria and the Tomago plant near Newcastle.
In reference to the statements of the analysts earlier this week, the Head of Operations Stephen Mikkelsen said that Portland consumed around 600 megawatts and Tomago annually around 900 megawatts to electricity.
Should both facilities disappear from the market, this would mean a significant reduction in demand on the power market.
And for us as an electricity producer, that wouldn't be good, "he said.
More than just a Kardashian reality TV star, Kendall is on the cover of September edition of Vogue
Kendall Jenner, 20, model and fourth daughter of the manager and mother of the Kardashian Jenner Clans Kris is on the cover of the coveted September issue of the US.
Kendall, the brand ambassador of Estee Lauder and ran on Fashion Weeks in Milan, Paris and New York, announced the news on her Instagram account on Thursday.
In a room full of people I love brought me the sight of this cover to wine, "wrote Kendall.
The revelation of the cover followed a bizarre (or simply Keeping Up with the Kardashians similar?), crippled reality video showing the entire Kardashian Jenner family (with the exception of the problem cases Rob and Caitlyn as well as producers of Keeping Up Ryan Seacrest), as they forget the cover of her sister and ending with a classic twist: they have all planned a surprise party.
This represents the cliché act nearly every birthday episode of a children's broadcast (Seacrest brought the sentence, "" you thought that we had forgotten you?, with the honesty of a characteristic check on a broadcast at 8am in the morning), but Kris had to let her other girls somehow participate in this publicity.
With regard to the September edition of Vogue, a new era of Kardashians began with security.
Kendall's big sister Kim may have beaten them off the vogue cover (she and her husband Kanye West were in April 2014), but the cover of the September issue of the magazine is a league for himself.
September issue is the most selled edition of the year for Vogue.
With an extent resembling a picture band than a fashion magazine, the issue draws a large number of advertisers (according to Fashionta, from the 832 sides of the wood's 615 pages of advertising).
The revelation of his cover star is seen expected to leak pictures of the magazine before the official announcement over the last two years.
Women who were already on the cover include Naomi Campbell, Linda Evangelista and Kate Moss.
In recent years, clearly more celebrities have been modelling as a model, the celebrities are on the cover.
Oscar winner and Dior-brand ambassador Jennifer Lawrence was on the cover in 2013, after Lady Gaga had the honour.
But even at the low chance that Mrs Jenner - who is described by the magazine as the breakthrough model of her generation - falls under the previous category, she is in good company.
These celebrities are not related to famous people or reality stars or teenagers of today who know how to turn a good Snapchap video (even if it all true on Jenner).
They are really talented women who distinguished themselves in the entertainment industry.
Beyonce, who appeared on the last cover, had with the publication of lemanoma one of the most successful years of her career.
Of course, Jenner's success doesn't like everyone.
With her reality TV story, Jenner's position was always tense in the fashion world.
In June, the former Victoria's Secret model Stephanie Seymour Jenner and her colleague, Gigi Hadid, criticised them and called her "the pieces of the moment."
Those feelings cook again as the news with the appearance of Jenners on the Vogue cover.
But on the mismatch appears to be past the point.
Kendall Jenner is on the cover of the September issue of Vogue.
She's literally a supermodel.
She runs for Marc Jacobs.
It makes advertising for your grounding of Estee Lauder.
She and all their sisters sell you pictures of themselves on their respective Paywall apps.
It's sold of her made pictures of Cindy Crawford's daughter to the magazine LOVE.
And in her leisure she is in reality TV, presumably just to see her sister Kourtney and their children.
Council rights centres show 160,000 people a year
More than 160,000 of the country's most aid needs are dismissed annually by the community centres, while the industry has taken on the impact of further central cuts to already congested transactions.
In Queensland, there are already three out of five people - mostly older people, immigrants, vulnerable workers, victims of violence and those who have no funds for unjust delogues and the like - dismissed in their requests for free legal advice and legal advice.
Legal services to the community, which are already overlying, are making available for further cuts.
From June of next year, it is scheduled that these legislative centres will lose another 30 per cent of its federal resources.
The director of community law centres of Queensland James Farrell said the latest survey of the National Association of Community Rights Centers showed that thousands of people are already dismissed each year.
Farrell said the situation would only get worse without a lifting of the federal government's decision.
"Queensland's community centers are chronically underfunded, meaning that thousands of people are dismissed by important services you need," he said.
People who leave violent relationships, people with insensitive and crippling debt, families who go through separations, workers who were unfairly dismissed - all these people have legal and this survey shows they cannot receive the help they need.
The federal government will cut the funds by 30 per cent from June 2017, meaning that thousands of needy people from Queensland will be forced to cope with their legal problems without any help.
We call on the General Attorney General and Federal Justice Affairs Minister, as well as senators of Queensland George Brandis to lift these central cuts immediately, so people can get the help they need in legal problems.
Last year, the national government fulfilled its pledge to raise funds for legal assistance on the national average.
It is now time to look at the needs of community centres and their customer communities and that the Parasczuk government is investing in this important work.
Donald Trump campaign charged after staff allegedly moved gun
New York: Donald Trump's campaign has been charged with alleged inaction after her told her campaign leader for North Carolina in February was aimed at a staff while travelling in a jeep in February.
The incident is described in an indictment filed Wednesday in the County Court of Charlotte by Vincent Bordini, a former software programmer for the campaign in this state.
Bordini admitted for money that the matter would be settled internally before realising that this would not happen.
The campaign leader, Earl Philip, drew a pistol, put his right index finger on the deduction, and rammed the run in Vincents knee chair, gave Bordini in his charge.
Having complained to the local and regional campaign line, Bordini noted that at least four other people had already made the same experience with Phillip, he admitted in the indictment.
Weapons don't have to be fired for damage, "admitted Bordini.
The charge comes just two days after the Republican presidential candidate triggered an uproar when he said a crowd in North Carolina said that the Second Amendment people should take action - if his rival Hillary Clinton should be elected and judges should appoint.
Trump's campaign made it clear that the media had taken his words out of context and that he would not stack up for violence.
Bordini's complaint requires damages from the campaign for breaching care duty and from Philip because of bodily injury and leading psychological damage.
Trump's press secretary Hope Hicks was unable to reach an opinion.
Attempts to contact Philip equally failed.
WCCC, a local news channel in Charlotte, reports that Phillip is no longer an employee of the campaign.
On calls at its consulting firm, Innovative Consulting Services, has not been responded.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has led a controversial campaign so far.
The procedure is Bordini v. Donald J. Trump For President Inc., 16-C-14300, Supreme Court, County of Mecklenburg (Charlotte).
Berlin / heavy: poll before country elections: SPD and CDU lose
In the upcoming elections in the federal states, Mecklenburg (4 September) and Berlin (18 September) are characterized by significant losses for the government parties and CDU.
This resulted in representative polls of the opinion institute INSA for the picture newspaper (Friday).
While the red-black government coalition could continue to govern in the north, this is not possible after the poll results in Berlin.
In both federal states, the SPD would be the strongest party and would have good chances to continue to ask the leader.
In Mecklenburg, the SPD crashed 35.6 per cent five years ago to 24 per cent.
The party would only be just before the CDU, which could come back to 23 per cent.
Third place is controversial between the left and the AfD.
The left would come to 19 per cent (previously 18.4 per cent), which AfD would be represented with 19 per cent for the first time in the country's Day.
The Greens resume despite slight losses with 6 per cent (earlier 8.7 per cent) again in the Schweiner Land State.
NPD and FDP wouldn't represent 3 per cent in the county each.
According to Berlin's deputy selection, the survey would just 23 per cent (2011: 28.3 per cent).
The CDU just reached 18 per cent after 23.4 per cent.
It would still be behind the Greens with 19 per cent (2011: 17.6 per cent), but before the left with 15 per cent (previously 11.7 per cent).
The AfD would be represented with 14 per cent for the first time in the House of Deputies.
With 5 per cent, the FDP could hope of returning the pirates, by contrast to 2011 missing the entrance.
Nokia 9000 Communicator: the First Smartphone
Email and Internet in timeline: 20 years ago, the Nokia Communicator on the market.
The sequels dominate the world today - its manufacturer experienced a disaster.
The device weighed almost half a kilogram and was more than four times as heavy as an iPhone 5.
It was thicker and bigger, therefore it wasn't good in hand either.
On the contrary, it was pretty knocking.
The built-in memory was initially eight Megabyte, which would be ranging for roughly two selfies with high resolution today.
An iPhone is now being delivered with at least 16 gigabytes.
The Nokia 9000 Communicator came exactly 20 years ago, on August 15, 1996, into the business - and it was the first smartphone.
For a few euros, lovers can still buy the devices on the internet, but they somehow come from the internet age's stone.
However, 20 years ago, the Communicator was a sensation.
The Finnish mobile phone manufacturer had announced the product a few months earlier at Cebit's Cebit in Hanover as an office in western pocket format.
In fact, the new mobile phone could be sent a lot: SMS and emails could be sent and received, including by Fax, the Communicator.
Even access to websites was possible by HTML browsers, although agonisingly slowly.
A pocket calculator was available, a digital address book and an electronic calendar.
There was a small antenna, and the phone could be folded similar to a laptop.
Then there was a small keyboard and a black and white screen.
Pretty proud was the price: 2700 D-Mark, that is, about 1400 euros.
The average sales price of a smartphone in Germany was at 392 euros in 2015.
No one could see in August 1996 that the communicator would become the start of the smartphone era.
Since then, it has been different.
The smart phones are a success story, though not for Nokia.
The Finns' mobile phone savings experienced an unprecedented disaster, was finally sold to Microsoft and wound up.
The market dominates providers today, which came all much later than Nokia.
Always and everywhere online, that's today for very many people everyday.
In 2015, there were nearly two billion smartphone users worldwide.
Sold about 1.4 billion devices, on Samsung and Apple, were accounted for by its own 555 million pieces.
Global turnover with the devices is about 400 billion euros.
These include the well-running business of the countless app provider and the telecommunications company.
Around the smartphone has since created an entire industry.
The crucial breakthrough to the mass market came only in early 2007, then announced Apple chief executive Steve Jobs on Mac-World the introduction of the iPhone.
He promised three devices in one: a music player, a phone and an internet communicator, easy to use by touch-screen.
Apple's victory start, still today, the iPhone is the group's most important product.
Nokia, Motorola and Blackberry, which dominated the market, had looked after.
They eventually disappeared, Blackberry has been fighting.
The individuals now have Apple and Asian providers like Samsung.
The smartphone is self-evident 20 years after inventing.
On average, every German now looks 88 times on his mobile phone today.
We have to learn everyone to get the smartphone along time away, "said straight Janina bullet, in the Siemens board for personnel.
Permanent reachability is now regarded as a curse and blessing at the same time.
England must direct the Olympic spirit and expand Heathrow
Heathrow will not only bring renewal and prosperity in our local communities and across London, but all over the country.
For me, this represented the biggest attraction of Heathrows, just as it was then in 2012 in London when we run a large effort to ensure that all our nations and regions benefited from the games.
The Olympics brought big benefits for Stratford and the East End.
And that's going to get back by creating new opportunities for local residents and companies near Heathrow.
For our local communities, we will already have 10,000 new apprenticeships, create 40,000 new jobs and put an end to youth unemployment in the airport environment.
Just as they were ahead of us in London 2012, there will be those who will think the challenge of expanding Heathrows is too great.
I was told that England will never be ready for the Games and that we will be blamed on the world stage.
The doubters were wrong in 2012 and they will also be wrong with Heathrow.
There are always obstacles to overcoming, but Heathrow answers every question he asked.
Like the Olympics, Heathrow is for many and not for individuals an infrastructure project.
Enlargement is a way to create up to 180,000 new jobs, £211bn of wildlife growth and leave a legacy of skills and employment both around the airport and across GB.
We have a great team in Heathrow, which has implemented a £11bn infrastructure investment programme in time and budget, which was elected five years in a row to the world's best airport terminal, to the T2, which was built amid the world's two most frequented catwalks.
Now they are ready to deliver a third catwalk, which is supported by £16 billion in private investment.
The 2012 London Games were a great success for GB and I am confident that Heathrow's expansion will also be one.
It's time we draw this Olympic spirit and expand Heathrow, as well as secure our future trade and create a legacy of skills and employment on which England can be proud.
Lord Paul Deighton is chairman of the Heathrow Boards and former Commercial Secretary to the Treasury
Adblock Plus, Facebook in the cat and mouse game regarding advertising block
For companies earning money with online advertising, according to one of the software manufacturers attempts to circumvent advertising blocking, a cat and mouse play equals.
On Thursday, just two days after Facebook announced that it would block display blocking on its desktop site, Adblock Plus published a blog place in which it told users could update their filters in the program to block again advertising in the social network.
On Tuesday, Facebook announced that its desktop page would change the coding regarding its advertisers to discover it displaying the detection of which part of the side is advertising.
But Adblock announced that it has found a new way to deal with the new codes.
In a blog post, the spokesman for Adblock Ben Williams wrote that's written this kind of battle between the displaying Open Source Community and the circumstances have already been underway since the invention of advertising blockers is underway, and that it is possible that Facebook will soon come up with a new solution.
The fact that the world's largest business for social media has left in the fight is a strong indication of how worrying display blockers have become for the industry.
Worldwide, according to a study last year of Pagefair and Adobe, use about 200 million people display blockers; nearly four times as much in 2013.
With 1.03 billion daily active users who access Facebook over their mobile terminals, mobile advertising makes 84 per cent of advertising revenues Facebooks.
The company has on display blockers on desktop PCs, as mobile advertisers have no effect on Facebook's mobile app for the social network and Instagram, a spokesman told me.
Advertising on desktop PCs makes an enough large proportion of revenues so Facebook appears to be the investment of such a move as worthwhile.
On Tuesday, Facebook told that it would update its ad preferential tool to have more control over people on them on targeted advertising.
On Thursday, Facebook claimed that Adblock's new filters would be worrying because they would also block content on the site that are not advertising.
For the users, this is not a positive experience, so we plan to address the problem, "a spokesman told Facebook in an email communication.
Advertisers are a blunt resource, which is why we instead focused on development tools such as Ad Preferences to put more control in people's hands.
Woman in presumable suicide on Switzerland's highway
The victim was on the highway in the middle of the night.
Police witnesses witnesses after a woman was overtaken in the early hours of Thursday at a presumable suicide of several vehicles on an exercise.
The incident occurred at the A1 near Morges in the Canton Vaud shortly after midnight.
A woman put himself in the dark in an act of desperation on the streets and were hit by several cars, police said in Vaud.
It's obvious that a Swiss age of 49, who was overtaken by several vehicles, including a truck, wanted to kill himself.
She died on the ground.
Several drivers have already been heard, but some have still not been identified, police said, calling on them as well as any witnesses of the incident to report.
An investigation was opened, which is a logical step in such a situation, Gilles Hofstetter told Le Tribune de Geneve.
However, it remains to be seen whether one of the drivers will be displayed.
Was a collision preventive?
That's something the prosecutor must decide, "said Hofstetter.
Two similar cases over the last five years show that drivers will not be held to responsibility.
In each of the two cases - where one person ran in the dark on the highway - was decided that motorists will not have to assume that a pedestrian runs in the middle of the night on the highway as it did in the newspaper.
Last year a policeman of negligence killing was acquitted after she had overrun and killed a man who was laid on the A1 near Payerne in August 2014.
The 22-year-old victim had drink and has become unconscious on the street, the court heard.
The court found that the policeman -- who had responded to an emergency call -- went to a justified manner and that a man's presence on the street was a "completely extraordinary and unpredictable situation, the judge said.
Anyone who has further information on the incident on Thursday near Morges should report to police under the number 021 644 83 46 or 021 644 44.
NASA climate model: Venus was once inhabitable
Venus was probably once inhabited by a new NASA climate model, according to the projections of a new NASA climate model.
Scientists at the Goddard Institute for Space Studies of NASA developed a model to discover the past of Venus based on tools and algorithms resembling those of climate researchers.
The model was designed to determine whether the Venus could have once eating conditions with their hot, waterless surface and carbon atmosphere.
Scientists have previously indicated that the slow revolution of Venus could be explained by their dense atmosphere.
But the latest simulation suggests that Venus could have had a thin, earthy atmosphere and still turned slowly.
The model also lit the topography of early Venus.
The planet probably dismissed more dry areas than de earth, but had once enough water and geographic variability to host lives and protected fast evaporation.
Early Venus also benefited from a sun, which was 30 per cent matter.
In the GISS model simulation, the slow revolution of Venus exposes their daily side of the sun almost two months, "said Giss scientist Anthony Del Genio in a news release.
This warms the surface and produces rain, which creates a thick layer of clouds, which looks like a umbrella to shield the surface from much of the sun warmth.
The result is average temperatures that are some degrees cooler than the Earth today.
The model brought a story of Venus that resembles the evolution, which was previously suspected by planetary researchers.
Although she was once presumably habitable, the Venus -- in the course of several billion years - exposed too much heat and ultraviolet light.
Their oceans evaporated and their water steam was burned away from the ultraviolet light.
When their hydrogen emerged, only a thick atmosphere of carbon dioxide remained back with a deadly greenhouse -- the Venus, which as we know them today.
The researchers shared the results of their new Venus Climate Models in the Geophysical Research Letters.
Patrick Roy resigns as coach of the Avalanche
Patrick Roy resigned on Thursday as a coach and vice president of Hockey operations of the Colorado Avalanche and led to low co-determination rights in the team's decision-making process.
Alternative President / General Manager of Colorados Joe Sakic confirmed this decision and noted that the club will look for a new coach immediately.
Over the last three years, I have met my duties as head coach and vice president of Hockey Operations of the Colorado Avalanche with energy, passion and determination, "50-year-old Roy in an opinion.
I reflected over the summer long and a lot about how I could improve this team to give him more depth, this requires it and bring it to a higher level.
To achieve this, the vision of the trainer and Vice President Of Hockey operations must be perfect on the organisation.
He also needs to have a co-determination right in decisions that affect the team's performance.
These conditions are not being met at the moment.
Sakic, who had hired Roy on May 23, 2013, thanked him for his contributions for the team.
Patrick informed me about this decision today, "Sakic said.
We appreciate everyone what he did for our organisation and want him only the best for the future.
Roy was excellent during his debut season at the Avalanches 2013-14 as winners of the Jack Adams Awards as the league's best coach.
He led the club to 112 points and in the first place in the Central Vision, but Colorado was beaten in the first round of the playoffs of Minnesota and missed the postseason in each of the last two years.
The Avalanches recorded a 39-39 brand in the season 2015-39 and fell behind the wild for a second wild-card spot in the Western Conference by five points.
As Hall of Fame goalie won Roy four Stanley Cups -- Two pieces with the Montreal Canadiens and the Avalanche.
North Sea workers take talks again, set strike
Labour fights regarding pay for North Sea oil workers are being suspended, while all parties are putting on the table for a new round of conversations, negotiators said.
Strikes against oil service provider Wood Group have been carried out sporadically on platforms in the North Sea, which will be operated by Royal Dutch Shell.
Wood Group, as well as the Unite and RMT unions, can confirm that we have agreed to reshape the delivery process of the current dispute, "it said in a common statement.
We will be holding some full-day sessions in the next few weeks that will start early next year to reassess the problems.
Unions said their latest strike, which is the first over 25 years, was a protest against possible wage cuts of up to 30 per cent.
Wood Group has cut this year's rates to its contractors in the North Sea by around 9 per cent because of negative market pressure.
The company's council cut follows a 10-percent decline for onshore contractors in 2014.
The company said that additional cuts to the company are giving the needed room to come through the downturn.
Shell has sacked for his part of thousands of people and announced plans to abandon its oil and gas businesses into up to 10 countries as it rationalises its business activities as a result of its merger with British energy company BG Group.
Energy companies are under pressure due to lower crude oil prices, an economic situation that had strengthened by the British's decision to leave the European Union in June.
Scottish parliamentary member Dave Anderson met with workers earlier this week to discuss one of the biggest work disputes that had taken place for a generation in the North Sea.
The North Sea is important for the regional economy, he said.
In the North Sea and throughout the country, we need an economy that works for many and not just for a few, "he said in a statement.
In 2016, less than $1.4 billion in spending on new projects in the North Sea compared with an average of around $7 billion over the past five years.
Kepler measures rotation rate from stars in the star clusters of the plejades
The latest mission with the Kepler space telescope has helped astronomers gather the most complete catalogue at rotation rates among the stars of the star of the pleadays.
The new data helps astronomers understand why stars in star clutches roar at different rates as well as in what connection the rotation periods are with the planetary creation.
We hope that by comparing our results with other star clusters, we learn more about the relationship between the crowd of a star, his age and even the story of his solar system, "said Luisa Rebull, a researcher at the Caltech's Infrared Processing and Analysis Center in Pasadena, in a press release.
The star of the pleadances is 445 light-years from Earth.
Many stars in this star cluster, which emerged about 125 million years ago, now reach adulthood.
They are now turning themselves at the fastest.
To top rotation rates, these maturing stars encounter large amounts of stern winds.
As these winds travel through the stars' magnetic fields, they have a braking effect on the stars.
When a star alters, its rotation rate begins to slow.
Kepler measures the rotation rate of every star by recognising the time between the appearance of a recognisable star blow -- like solar stains.
The latest catalogue of rotation rates points out that massive stars spin slower than less massive stars.
Rebell compares the stars with dancers, with larger stars turning pirouettes than smaller.
In the ballet of the pleading, we see slow rotors tending to be more massive, whereas faster rotors tend to be very bright stars, "said Rebell.
Since the star clusters of the Plejaden are so close, it serves as an ideal cosmic lab to compare stellar qualities such as rotation rates.
"The star cluster of the pleines offers an anchor for theoretical models of the stellar rotation in both directions, younger and elderly," said Rebull.
There is still much in front of us about what we would like to know more about how the How, Wann and Why Stars slow down their rotation rates and so to speak their 'dance shoes.
Rebell and her colleagues have reported in three newspaper reports at length about their latest analysis of the rotation rates of the pleadances, which will soon appear in the Astronomical Journal.
A controversial baseball star resigns
The tears ran at Alex Rodriguez faster than the US baseball star in best days of base to base.
According to his emotional resignation announcement, the 41-year-old pro on 12 August against the Tampa Bay Rays will be wearing the jersey of his New York Yankees.
I love this game and this team. "
I say goodbye to both, "the 14-time All-Star Game participants explained to the Major League Baseball (MLB).
Three times, Rodriguez was elected the most valuable player in the league, in 2009 he won the World Series with the Yankees.
His signature under a 10-year contract has provided him $27 million a year since 2007.
By the end of the contract on December 31, 2017, he acts in future as a consultant and youth coach - in full salary.
As a player, Rodriguez long paid back performance.
With 696 Homeruns, 3114 hits and 2021 points for his teams (Runs) for the Seattle Mariners (1994 to 2000), the Texas Rangers (2001 to 2004) and since 2005 the Yankees created some milestones.
With the Hall-of-Fame members Hank Aaron and Willie Mays, only two more baseball players in the main statistics show similar values.
But in the baseball's glory hall, the 41-year-old is not likely to be included.
For such successful Rodriguez - nickname A-Rod - on the field, so disputed is his appearance outside the place.
Already in 2009, the superstar at ESPN admitted to having banned steroids between 2001 and 2003.
In August 2013, he was banned for 211 parties due to an investigation in the so-called biogenesis scandal by the end of 2014.
Rodriguez is considered a prime suspect to have received performance-enhancing resources for years beyond an anti-aging clinic in South Florida.
After a legal dispute, the lock was still reduced to 162 encounters.
The league could even be done for me for 2014, because I've played 20 years without a break, said Rodriguez at the time suffisant.
Even his farewell days aren't noiseless.
While many baseball legends are given the big stage in their last games, Rodriguez had to sit frequently on the bench.
'My job doesn't include a farewell tour.
"My job includes trying to win every game," etched Yankees coach Joe Girardi.
After all, Rodriguez, who was married to the actress Cameron Diaz, and representing the conditions with pop star Madonna and the actress Kate Hudson, sympathies of the fans of the Yankee-Arrival Boston Red Sox.
We want A-Rod, sang the supporters at the 4: 9-0 defeat against the Rodriguez team.
Olympic 2016: Chen Xinyi, Silwia Danekowa and Adrian Zielinski are first doping cases
Caught off: because of a positive doping test, weight leader Adrian Zielinski may not start from Poland in Rio.
Rio de Janeiro - The 2016 Olympics are overshadowed by the first official drug cases.
A caught athlete would have won almost a medal.
Before the seventh competition day, the first official doping cases have become known the Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro.
Chinese swimmer Chen Xinyi, 3000-metre obstacle Silwia Danekova from Bulgaria and Polish weight leader Adrian Zielinski have been positively tested and excluded in Brazil - immediately before the start of the already critical athletics competitions coming to the time.
At Chen, last Sunday, the Diuretic Hydrolothiadiac was proven to be used as a masked fund for doping substances.
The International Sports Court CAS confirmed their exclusion from the Olympics on Friday afternoon.
On Sunday, the 18-year-old had finished fourth place in the final over 100m butterfly, only 0.09 seconds missed them the bronze medal.
On Friday, Chen should have participated in the precursors of more than 50m of free-style.
Chen has applied to the International Olympic Committee (IOC) the opening of the B and a hearing.
The national association takes the matter very seriously and requires Chen full cooperation in the investigation, quoting Xinhua from a communication: we will work with the International Sports Court CAS and will accept the verdict.
For the first time in history, it is no longer the IOC, but the CAS for sanctioning athletes with positive cases.
Also on the night of Rio, the news about the positive test at Danekova leaned through, the 33-year-old went into the offense himself.
I had three tests, all negative, and my fourth test was positive, "this was an incredible shock," she told Bulgarian TV station BNT.
She was innocent, "the only statement could be food supplements," the athlete explained.
According to the report, the banned substance is to act around the blood doping EPO.
Danekowa has been preliminarily suspended, according to BNT, the B-test is also allowed to fall positively.
Bulgaria's Prime Minister Bojko Borissow immediately reported criticising the athlete.
I don't understand why the athletes don't pull the right conclusions, "he said: we Bulgarians are under observation, so many have already been ruled out."
So about all the weight leaders from the chronically doping nation don't participate in Rio.
On Friday, the case was also known to the Adrian Zielinski, the London-based Olympic champion in class to 85 kg like his brother Tomasz three days earlier tested positive on the anabolic steroid nandrolon.
Both deny the intake, but should not be allowed to start in the class up to 94 kg.
Before launching the athletes, especially the case of Danekova is another heavy blow to the reputation of the entire sport.
The World Federation IAAF had banned the complete Russian team to an exception because of systematic doping the launch, including runner Kenya produces numerous bad news in Rio.
In swimming sport, the previous offences in China had also provided fierce clashes between the athletes.
So the Frenchman Camille Lacourt grabbed the Chinese Olympic champion Sun Yang.
Sun Yang pink purple.
When I see the podium over 200 m free set, I want to hand over, "said Lacourt in French radio.
Sun was also at the heart of a clash with Australian Mack Horton.
I have no time and no respect for doping cheats, "said this.
Sun was tested positive at the Chinese championships in 2014, but had to seat only a three-month lock.
Data clue: so perfectly blackened hackers their ransom
Programmers of extortion malware currently target companies - and are successful.
According to a recent survey by the malware defence specialists, Malwarebytes among 540 companies in North America, Britain and Germany have been at least 40 per cent of the companies surveyed over the past 12 months, partly several times victims of an attack with extortion software.
In Germany, just under 20 per cent of firms were already targeting a ransome extortion.
Forty per cent of victims paid willingly the ransoms requested by the perpetrators to restore the attacked systems and data.
The offenders specialise in their extortion software, according to observations of malware bytes, watching attacks in company networks.
If they are successful there, the potentially extortion range falls significantly higher than in private users.
We are currently watching a terrifying rapid evolution of the software, "explains Malwarebytes chief Marcin Kleczynski in conversation with the world.
In 2008, most malware programmes were still designed to send advertising.
Then the offenders discovered extortion software for itself.
It was not until private users were targeting, but the change to company attacks has been frightening quickly in recent months.
Ransowmare works after a simple pattern: once on the computer of a victim actively, she is looking targeted after recently changing files such as Word, Excel or database files, and after archives of images and videos.
These files encrypt the Ransomware and extinguishes the originals sustainable.
Subsequently, the software presents the demands of blackmail.
To get the filing code to the files, the victims need to transfer money - mostly in the form of Cryptown Bitcoin.
But where to private users the personal photo database is at stake, it is all about companies around sensitive customer data or project databases without which production is shut down.
Accordingly, the damage falls out when a ransomware increases.
22 per cent of German firms reported sales losses through Ransomware, 13 per cent even had to interrupt business activity, in one case, people were in danger of life.
In Germany, hospitals have already been victims of attacks whose patients can be acutely threatened by the loss of nurses.
We are always telling the victims: don't pay her only the problem, "explains Kleczynski.
But 80 to 90 per cent of firms that pay, get their data again.
For managers, it's difficult to reject the perpetrators' demand in the face of standing in operation.
The hackers in turn know this and trying everything to build a good reputation.
In a recent study, F-Secure security researchers investigated the user interface and contact with the blackeners and come to the outcome: the perpetrators are actually trying to build a kind of customer service to take more money.
They explain their victims by chat as they can pay by Bitcoin, settle freely available support websites, or decide for free example files.
And are private individuals redeeming after paying for a few hundred euros, companies must partly negotiate and pay five-digit sums to get their data unencrypted.
Given the potentially high and relatively risky gains from the Ransomware blackmail, the hackers are getting more professional and sharing the work, explaining security expert Chester Wisniewski of the anti-virus provider Sopos: "a single person can write a ransomeware around within a week."
However, it's more likely that it is three or four people.
Programmers sell their hazardous software then in the form of a software building box to the actual blackouts.
The previous malware kits were created by buying the Malware itself, advice and additional tools for a one-off, fixed price between $1,000 and $10,000.
In the delivery range is an adjustment tool, so smaller configurations, appearance and branding can be changed, "says Wisniewski.
The extortion then searches for more hackers to spread the freshly purchased software among the victims.
We live in a service economy.
So you log into one of the forums underground, buying the set by a criminal and instructed another to install the software on as many PCs as possible.
The pay is made per infected computer.
"Usually the criminals then charge spammers with the spread, explains Wisniewski.
The risk of Ransomware is now known at many companies that better secure their data.
Over 50 per cent of company IT leaders in the Malwarebytes poll trust to be able to defend Ransomware using file-back-ups and scanner software.
Accordingly, the offenders already pursue new strategies.
If encryption of data alone is no longer an adequate threat to successful blackmail, the perpetrators instead face the publication of sensitive data such as customer lists or price calculations, "explains Malwarebytes chief Marcin Klezcynski.
As a result, the damage potential, according to the type of data, is still much higher than before.
Also, the offenders could take completely new targets on the internet of things in the future.
At the hacking conference Defcon demonstrated security researchers as they could get a thermostat associated with the internet.
In the middle of winter, the clearance of such a blocked heating so many victims could well be worth a ransom.
If the perpetrators then rather than heating in the future block a whole manufacturing road in a factory, Ransowmare could also become an issue in industry.
One for all cases
Honda HR-Vis flexible and everyday life
In the small HR-W Will Honda will tackle everything: a little SUV, a little coupé and even the versatility of a minivans.
Sounds quite overloaded, but the HR-V, which has been constructed on the same new platform as the new jazz, actually proves very flexible in everyday life.
Although the only 1.60 m high HR is small, passengers have a lot of space in both the first row and in the Fond, it doesn't look tight.
The interior's materials are well processed and acting pleasantly, only the cockpit top side falls something.
Versatile than comparable vehicles is the HR-V at the storage room.
Not only is it a boot of 453 low at high-profile and 1066 litres at the reverse back opposition, but there's the Magic Seats.
This is less magical than it sounds like: the seating areas of the return leave like cinema chairs and offer storage space, which is high from the ground to blankets.
The boot can be charged well, but the load is slightly higher with 650 mm than at the comparable Peugeot in 2008.
The tested 1.6-litre diesel with 88 kW / 120 PS accelerates the HR-H thanks to the torque of up to 300 Nm in large speed areas very powerfully.
However, he is likely to do a little quieter his work.
Pleasingly, everyday consumption of 4.7 l / 100 km.
There is still another motoring: a 1.5-liter petrol with 96 kW / 130 HP.
A wheelchair drive is not being offered.
Driving behaviour is balanced, a good compromise between momentum and comfort.
The steering, however, is likely to be a little more direct.
The equipment leaves no desires open in the tested top variant of executive.
Security systems include the City emergency assistant assistant (works to pace 32), the collision warning system and the spurt assistant.
The collision warner is sometimes irritating because of ranking many obstacles than an approaching object.
Very reliable works the remote assistant.
And the intelligent Temporer responds to traffic recognition and threatens speed if needed.
However, there's full connectivity, though, only for the top equipment: 7-inch touchscreen, Navi, app integration and more.
Two USB and an HDMI book are under the armrest and therefore are therefore something cumbersome.
The around £29,000 for the well-equipped top diesel are fine.
If you don't want to invest so much, it receives the gasoline from £20,000, the diesel from 23,000 euros.
The engines meet the Euro-6 exhaust.
With the HR-V, Honda offers a versatile and everyday car.
Airline doesn't liable: fall on passenger buster
An airline is not liable for the fall of a passenger on the passenger bridge.
Because a liability is conceivable only in dangers that are typical of air traffic, arguing the Oberland Court of Dusseldorf (Az.: 18 124 / 14).
The plaintiff had broken a knee disc in the fall.
However, the accident could have happened everywhere - it's a general risk of life, according to the court.
The airline did not have to pay any damages to the man.
Disease case: when paying the organiser
Diseased holidaymakers get money back after their journey, when the cause of the disease is doubtful at the hotel.
However, that is only the case when more than 10 per cent of guests proved the same symptoms show.
In the negotiated case, a family on the second day of their Turkish holiday was hard for diarrhoea and vomiting.
She spent almost the entire holiday in the room.
Their disease caused the holidaymakers back to a defective treatment plant, which had allegedly polluted the seawater.
The family believe the trip was poor - and complained against the organiser.
In court, the plaintiffs had no success.
While the treatment plant was in fact defective.
But the organiser only learned before leaving the plaintiffs.
By then he had to assume that seawater was fine.
So he did not injured his information requirements, according to the verdict.
No contamination has been found in the water's samples.
The disease of several hotel guests - perhaps by contagion - belongs to the general risk of life.
Of 691 guests, only 38 were diseased.
De Maizière said after the violence committed by refugees in Würzburg and Ansbach in July, many people would have concerns about further attacks.
The state had to respond calmly and determinedly at the same time on terror risks.
Sure: our country will not answer the offenders' violence with hatred and divide.
We won't give this triumph to the terrorists.
If criminals would have to leave faster, though, it increases security and also strengthens the population's consent for refugee policy.
De Maizière wants to reach an implementation of the proposals until the 2017 federal election.
He also announced another personal strengthening of the security forces, and that's in medium-sized magnitude over several years. "
Sympathy for terrorism must be back under punishment.
Video surveillance is intended to improve the gun right that is mainly hampered by the purchase of weapons on the internet.
The last much discussed silence for doctors is expected to be preserved after de Maizière's words.
However, in dialogue with the medical profession, he wants to seek solutions as to how to reduce citizens' endangerment, he said with a view for mental health conspicuously.
To counter a radicalisation of refugees, the minister holds better social care for necessity.
Teachers would have to be better prepared for dealing with traumatised people.
To prosecute criminals in specific areas of the Internet (Darknet) plans de Maizière the use of covert investigators.
SPD chief Gabriel said: "the SPD is ready to talk about everything that helps to increase safety."
It is important that the Home Secretary spoke clearly against actionism.
This was a slap for the sniper in the CDU / CSU, Gabriel told the newspapers of the spark media group (Friday).
De Maizière had rejected calls from the Union after a burgeoning ban and the abolition of double nationality before.
A general ban on full-vealing has been troubled for constitutionally problematic.
You can't ban everything you reject and I reject the wearing of the burka.
Talk about rules about road traffic or for witnesses in court.
Green chief Simone Peter threw off the minister that he wants to simulate power and action capability with still new anti-terrorist packages.
Left-hander Bernd Riexinger said: "fleet spells and a tightening of the right of residency bring no more security to people in this country."
Better traffic flow on motorway tracker
It's regularly on the bypass road - here's a picture of November.
But that is meant to change: the regulatory lane is to be extended.
This is good news for all car drivers who are in careers on the environment road every evening in the traffic jam when they drive over the highway - (43).
The national operation of street construction extends next Tuesday and Wednesday (16 / 17 August) in the area between Hammer Street and the downhill Weseler Street the legal track at 700 metres.
Motorists then can thrive directly from Hammer Street on the right.
The big advantage: traffic shares early on, improving the total ­ expiration on the much-driven section of the Bundestrasse 51.
The idea with the extended exit had the CDU group in the district's representation of Münster-West.
The carriageway on the feet nervously needs motorists especially between 17 and 7 p.m.
Working days range from the back to the bridge over the Albersloher path and sometimes beyond.
Reason is the needle turn on the B 51 just before the downhill Weseler Street.
From here, traffic is only steered over the highway bridge.
The second track had to be rebuilt before three-quarter years ago.
The reason: static calculations had revealed that the bridge no longer owns the required vigour to include, especially, heavy traffic traffic dual.
How long this bottleneck and the related workable congestion will last, the relevant national operation cannot say.
However, with years to come, because the bridge has an official remaining time between now and 2034.
For the extension of the legal backlog, the country's operation deliberately selected the traffic weaker time in school holidays because of disabilities.
Traffic will be passed at the construction site on Tuesday and on Wednesday.
Intercultural trip: cultural offerings for schools
The international class of forestry school attended the play's play The Invisible House.
The association of Nimas and the Young Theater are now planning a music project.
The club, Nima's, allows young people with migration and refugee backgrounds to visit cultural institutions in Münster.
The class international of the Children's House of Children has visited an idea of the award-winning play's invisible house of the boy's Theater Munster.
In the context of the Nima's intercultural journey, 19 pupils between 11 and 15 attended the staging in the Little House.
Since the beginning of the year, the club has been offering the cultural integration of young people with migration and refugee backgrounds, schools with welcome classes the opportunity to visit cultural institutions in Munster as part of this project.
Most of the class's youngsters were coming between September 2015 and March 2016, among others from Afghanistan, Iran, Serbia and Syria to Münster and speak little German.
Thanks to the choreographers, the scenic pictures and video animations have been possible for them to follow the process nonetheless, according to the press release of the boy Theater Münster.
The club, Nima's, founded by Dr Tannaz Westerberg from Sprakel, and the boy's theatre will work together in the coming match in the framework of a music theatre project.
From October to December, young people without flight and migration backgrounds between the ages of 14 and 20 are expected to visit professionally designed courses in the areas of singing, dancing, acting and music.
Offerings for children and families in theatre play and theatrical language mediation are in planning.
The project's intercultural journey continues.
Given the increased refugee figures, the club reckons with many classes that want to get involved.
Rain instead of stars: hope of weather improvement
The weather has made the star guards in southwestern Germany on Friday night by the bill - but there is still hope.
The night was poorly suited for clouds and rain for watching the sky spectacle, said the chairman of the Observatory of Welzheim, Hans-Ulrich Keller, on Friday morning.
Our hope is on the night of Saturday.
The weather is expected to be good, then we're determined to see a lot of star snaps in heaven.
The star shapes are persecutors, which include 216,000 kilometres per hour among the fastest star snippets.
Their name has them because they appear to get out of the star picture Perseus, which goes up in the Northeast.
Relaxing night: tips against sleep disorders
In the evening, you're loosing forever around, and at night you're waking up for hours awake, tomorrow is already well before the clock rings can no longer be thinking about sleep.
That's anything but relaxing.
After all, with such problems in good company: according to the Robert Koch Institute, about a quarter of adult sleep disorders and more than 10 per cent feel their sleep frequently or permanently than not relaxing.
How do sleep problems or sleep disorders?
There are several forms of sleep disorders, and they can underlie diverse causes, stresses Hans-Günter Week, board member of German Society for sleep research and sleep medicine.
What you understand running beneath, though, is the insomniac, that is, an entry and sleep disorder.
Just that's sleeping many people as unsatisfying or inadequate, says Jens Wahnknett, board member in the German home doctor's association with practice in the Lower Varel.
What is behind sleep disorders?
The causes of sleep disorders are complex.
Behind this can put organic, mental or behavioral factors, but also drugs.
Not seldom is the sleep disorder expressing another disease.
'Very early wake up is particularly during a depression frequently, "says Week.
And it may be that different factors condition each other.
Anyone who, for example, has a band disc incident, can be bad, waking up every two or three hours and possibly catching up on everyday problems and concerns, Week gives an example.
This leads to straining, and sleep is no longer possible.
From when should you get to the doctor with sleep disorders?
Anyone who doesn't sleep well over a period of a month in at least three nights a week and on the day should go to the doctor, Wees.
Impairment can look altogether differently: one is tired, unassuming, has difficulty with attention and concentration, is easily irritable, has sentiment variations or physical complaints such as stomach or headaches.
To alleviate the sleep disorder, it's important to find out their causes.
As treatment options come under, among other things, behavioural changes, cognitive behavioral therapy or even medicines - classical sleeping tablets is only exceptional and at most for two weeks - question.
Lower-lasting sleep physicians are hardly available in Germany, stressing Prof. Ingo Fietz, head of the interdisciplinary sleeping centre of Charity University medicine in Berlin.
That's why, in sleep problems, you should initially turn to the home doctor, counsel.
The can clarify with investigations whether the problems have a physical cause.
Who should be into the bedroom, and what happens?
To investigate in the sleep laboratory, physicians, for example, among snoring with breathing suspects, during diseased daytime fatigue, at sleeping wanders or when you don't find the cause of a panel disorder, Fietze explains.
You actually don't have to prepare for the investigation.
You should spend the day normal.
Just please don't make a lunch sleep, "says Fietz.
After the cable, you go to bed at his normal time.
In addition to the electrodes on the body, you wear a nose glee, a breast belt and a feel on the finger.
In addition, a camera on the ceiling highlights the bedroom.
How can subjects get to grips with the problems?
There's quite a lot of screws on which you can set for a better sleep.
White counts: regular sleeping and stakeholders, not too long in bed, don't sleep on the day, not television to sleep, alcohol avoiding and not looking on the clock at night - then that's quite and not conducive at all.
What the jungle camp with missing medals in swimming
Former German swimmer Markus Deibler expressed via Facebook to the disappointing cut of the DSV team at Olympis.
In December 2014, he first taken gold at the short race championships in Doha and at the same time posed his first world record.
Now, the former DSV Athlet Markus Deibler has placed via Facebook protection against his ex-teammates in criticism.
In a country in which an Olympic champion gets £20,000 premium and a jungle's £150,000, no one should be surprised about missing medals, "the 26-year-old wrote on Friday on his Facebook page.
The funding system in the swimming sport is bad, while doping controls, on the other, were very good.
As a result, we can't compete with countries that promote very much and do not look accurately or even operate on the subject of doping.
I'm not saying that the controls should be hired here, "he explained.
If he wanted to start a comeback, Deibler would have to be reported nine months before his first start to the National Anti-Doping Agency (NADA).
That's exactly how you should keep it with countries as well.
Who cannot be controlled a certain time before WADA / FINA's independent inspectors must not be allowed to participate, calls for the electoral hamburger, who is now running an ice cream.
Airport: gang of baggage thieves arrested
Professional thieves at Düsseldorf Airport
Civil figures from Dusseldorf police succeeded on Thursday the arrest of two women and two men aged between the ages of 50 to 61.
The suspects had committed several baggage and baggage thefts as a gang.
At 9: 30 p.m., civil officials in the area of Düsseldorf airport recognised a gang, which was known to police offenders from past theft offences.
The two women and two men had committed several offences since mid-July this year and were communitive, laborious and particularly professional.
The Crimean Commission's specialists can prove four actions to the thieves, which were specially entered to get criminal offences to Germany.
In doing so, they had enjoyed a total of over £15,000.
Old buildings, a few lime trees, between a remaining headband: the Rigar street in Berlin-Friedrichshain doesn't work at first glance, but police include them to the city's "dangerous places."
Go along the road from east to west, coming to playgrounds, a fresh kindergarten and a biolage pass.
To the façade of a grey house, someone has been "ugly!" Sprayed.
Opposite a Lidl, who is also to be demolished soon, is already being built: by 2017, here is scheduled to create a house with high windows and 133 new apartments.
Articles about this's trendy district, as the responsible property company calls Friedrichshain, are preferred in recent weeks with burning cars.
Reason is the house with the number 94 once it was occupied, now residents have lease contracts, but on the ground floor are still occupied spaces and will be used for events.
Especially the Berlin inside senator Henkel had spoken several times since the beginning of the year for a tough action by police against the project, calling the area as a no-go zone for police officers and the 94 as a starting point of autonomous violence.
After the rooms on the ground floor on June 22 were cleared with 300 police officers, police were patrolling three weeks of official statements, with 30 to 40 officials and three team cars on the ground, blocking parts of the road and kept visitors from entering the house with the number 94.
Meanwhile, renovated construction workers on behalf of the unknown homeowners the spaces.
On July 13, a Berlin administrative court decided that the eviction was illegal, and a day later, police and construction workers drew off under the jubilation of sympathisers and residents.
On this summer afternoon, the road works peacefully: parents are walking with children, people sitting on the pavement ahead of the houses in the sun, others are entertaining late.
In the immediate nearness of the house projects, a primary school and kindergarten.
Leftist violence is not the main concern of many residents: Kerstin Neugebauer, who has been living in the Kief since 1999, and Jana *, who here draws three children, are mainly generated by the police presence.
With residents of house projects, they share concern about rising rents and gentrification.
It doesn't sound like a kin, who wanted majority police protection from vandaling left.
The ditch, which the Berlin interior senator and the police make up between home staff and their neighbours, doesn't exist so apparently.
Friedrichshain in eastern Berlin was actually a traditional working-class quarter, which also has a low average income and high risk of poverty today.
Also household occupations and the residential residential projects have long been part of the Kiez: in 1990, numerous homes were occupied in the former DDR, including nearly the entire Mainz Street completely near the Rigaer.
While the mainzers had been cleared under large police bid in a downtrodden street battle, many of the projects in the Rigae were legalized and will still be inhabited by people who had occupied them 26 years ago today.
At the same time, the district has increasingly become a magnet for tourists and electorates from all over the world in recent years: with them, residents are now sharing residents from DDR times and former householders their kies.
This is also noticeable in rents that have risen by nearly 60 per cent since 2009.
Many of the new buildings in the Riga are attacked as symbols for this development: you acknowledge them on dropped slices or freshly cancerous facades thrown with colour bags.
No other road was mentioned this year along with the words of left-autonomous violence.
One reason that not all neighbors look at this as a problem could be that they are not necessarily affected by crime: offences such as body injury are aimed at statistics almost exclusively against police.
Most of the offences make property damage, which tends to meet new buildings and freshly renovated homes.
For Kerstin newbies, who have been living in a rental house next to the controversial 94 for 17 years, can't be a speech from uncertainty.
As for violence, she is appeasing: people in the 94 are their neighbours who weren't determined to have been.
Even the famous burning cars are no longer admitting it directly in the Rigarter before.
For the studied architect, her street is not a criminal focal point, on the contrary: 'here you help each other, live together on the street and get more of each other than else. "
Newbreekers are deliberately pulled into the Riga street - and stayed.
That's why it was also so important for residents to get their road back: from the police, politics and the media, who all suddenly claimed the interpretation of the neighborhood in July.
But in the eyes of residents such as newbreeders, the road will continue to take them away: through faceless new buildings in former building gaps that oust the old residents.
These are ultimately property apartments that are not interesting for many here - here are more people who are not so well bettered, "she says.
Violence and destruction cannot accept absolutely. "
But what are you supposed to do when one never listens to anyone?
It sets frustration on all sides, including with police and residents.
For travelers who are annoying about colour bombs, Kerstin newbreeders have little understanding: the house projects and the left scene belonged to the kiez.
Anyone herself should be aware of this - just like someone who pulls into a pub quarter, can complain badly about noise there.
All of the people imagined with front-runners have been asked not to be named with their right name
Urbach: Annika Deuschle is new refugee officer
Annika Deuschel is the contact partner in terms of integration and organisation.
Besides, she is social worker on the ground.
Since July, Annika Deuchel is the refugee officer for Urbach.
The social pedagogist supports the administration's team around Achim Grockenberger.
She sees itself as a contact partner for all players: refugees, working circle refugee assistance, administration, authorities and who else.
Regime customers from the working group suggest that volunteers are more than grateful that Deuschle is now there, the egg legendary wool milk which has mostly a problem.
That's how some - less spotted than rather to the variety of desired assignment areas - meant when the administration wanted to tender the place.
Searched an administrative professional with a talent for languages and people, combined with a long-standing experience in the area of social work, just an emerging wool milk sauce.
But administration work is not her central area, means Annika Deuchle.
Above all, it's about organisation, working with the people on the ground and behind the scenes as well as networking.
The 31-year-old has been involved for about six weeks.
It has a 50-percentage point to three years.
It was high time, says Regine Customer that Annika Deusche supports honorary and full-time players.
There are big and small problems, organisational, human and understanding problems.
Soon, new containers are standing in the Wasen Street
A serious problem has been for some time to find apartments for the connecting refugees that have been recognised.
Local authorities are responsible for connecting accommodation.
They have to accommodate the refugees in their own or rented housing rooms.
The cost of construction, rent or renovating these shelters must bear the local authorities themselves.
The responsibility changes from the land office to local authorities and job centres.
Problem: there are free objects, but not every landlord wants to offer his home.
The search has been designing for some time as very difficult.
De facto, the administration doesn't find private homes.
So far, it doesn't work on private homes, according to Deuschle.
Therefore, charitable apartments need to be enthusiastic as it means beautifully.
So soon new containers will be set up in the Wasen Street.
But only with apartments it is not done.
Perspective is the cue, Regine Kunde and Annika Deuschle agree.
In addition to a fixed lead, there are internships, training agencies, school places, one-jobs and assistance activities for refugees and migrants who need to be found or set up.
"More places would be good," Regine customer reports.
Many work in the bauf or help home companies, do not-for-profit work - and that motivates and very properly, as Annika Deuschle reports.
It hopes work for the community leads to a positive outfield.
This is not an employment therapy.
But activity doesn't just think of work.
The day needed a firm structure, say Deuschle and customers.
People would have to develop a sense of belonging.
So it takes offers like sport, contacts with locals and, above all, language courses.
Professional courses are rar.
So here are administration and volunteers here.
It's central that the refugees feel they were wanted in Germany and welcome.
The long duration of the proceedings was a problem.
They have to explain to the refugees that it will take it and they can bridge the time meaningfully, for example with language courses.
Who eventually developed the feeling that he couldn't help in Urbach, should not be allowed to work and be unnecessary, which will never integrate.
The significant majority is motivated.
However, there are problems, though, says customers honestly, people who do nothing at all. "The work of Deuschle and customer is therefore always to motivate others.
This is all already a mammoth task.
One difficult question: have the two after recent events fear radicalisation, even in a small community like Urbach?
No, Regine Kunde said quite clearly what some naive likes. "A restriction could be, but don't want to exclude them.
However, the aides are already aware.
These incidents were also subject to refugees.
They would have the fear that the assassins bring them completely into disrepute.
They want to show that they have nothing to do with it, "says Regine customer.
Many would like to stay in Urbach.
So primary and volunteers will have to look for activities on the ground and in the region.
They always have in the background that soon a new blow to refugees and migrants could come to Urbach.
Does Germany need a ceiling?
Clearly answering that question is politics.
Actually, it's unfair to put them on the ground.
In Urbach, we haven't arrived yet where we would like, "says Annika Deuschel.
No new refugees, that would relax the situation.
Regine customer also makes it clear that the Urbachers are already being charged with integrating the previous people sensibly.
These are currently about 100 people, predominantly young men.
But if people are in distress, you have to help them, both women agree.
The political world situation is so complicated, as there are no easy answers.
Schorndorf: burglars with helicopters
The police helicopter flew different areas for about an hour - unsuccessful.
Two unknown men are violently invading an apartment in a multi-family home on Friday morning.
The resident surprised the two and suggested the unheaded into the flight.
The two men were about 1.65 to 1.70 metres large, arguably masked, wearing both blue jeans and black hoodes.
They fled towards downtown.
To search, police set up several strike crews as well as a police helicopter.
The search expired without success.
Possibly, the unknowns indeed fell close to the apartment relating to their flight.
Baden-Württemberg: police are investigating after rocker attack on snacks
After an attack on a Ulmer snack, police are investigating six suspects from the rockermilium because of serious land breaches.
In housing searches, evidence and narcotics were ensured, police announced on Friday.
About 20 masked men of a rocker-like grouping, according to police in July bottles and stones against the store windows of a snack.
After that, they are expected to attack two guests and have a slightly injury.
After that, they fled.
At the snack and adjacent building, there was a damage of 10,000 euros.
According to investigators, there is a dispute in the Ulmer Rockermilieu between a Kurdish and a Turkish gear.
Thursday: Zeiss Meditec of sales billions closer
High demand for medical engineering in Asia has boosted sales of Carl Zeiss Mediteck.
In the first nine months of the fiscal year started in October, group sales rose 6.7 per cent to 798.6 million, according to listed companies on Friday in Jena.
The Asian business grew disproportionately by 17.1 per cent.
The gain before interest and tax increased, according to interim review of 89.5 million euros, to 110.5 million euros.
The Jenaer medical technology group wants to surpass the sales brand of a billion euros in this fiscal year, affirmed the board.
Zeiss Meditec provides devices and equipment for doctor practices and clinics.
The company, which is part of the optics and electronics group Carl Zeiss (upper cook), employs just 3,000 staff.
