28-year-old chef found dead in San Francisco mall
A 28-year-old chef who recently moved to San Francisco was found dead in the stairwell of a local shopping centre.
The victim's brother said that he can't imagine anyone who would want to harm him, "Finally, he went uphill again."
The body found in the Westfield Mall on Wednesday morning was identified as the 28-year-old Frank Galicia from San Francisco, the forensic department in San Francisco said.
The San Francisco Police Department said that the death was classified as murder and that the investigation is ongoing.
The victim's brother, Louis Galicia, told ABS broadcaster KGO in San Francisco that Frank, who used to work as a chef in Boston, had his dream job as a chef at the Sons & Daughters restaurant in San Francisco six months ago.
A spokesman for the Sons & Daughters said that they were "shocked and destroyed on the ground" over his death.
"We are a small team that works like a close family and we will sorely miss him," the spokesman said.
Our thoughts and condolences are at this difficult time at Franks' family and friends.
Louis Galicia admitted that Frank initially lived in hostels, but that "things finally went uphill for him."
"He found an apartment, he had a girlfriend," Louis Garcia told KGO.
Louis Galicia said that he could not imagine anyone who would want to harm his younger brother.
He was a kind man with a big heart.
Connecting his way with his family was to always cook us something, prepare us for dinner, "Louis Galicia said.
He never wanted to participate in any kind of confrontation.
He was the brother who swam with the electricity.
"With everything that's going wrong in the world, he was this unscripted diamond that lit brightly every day," he said.
Anyone with information on the case is asked to call the SFPD's reference phone under the number 415-575-4444.
Jennifer Aniston: I'll always be put in drawers
Jennifer Aniston doesn't always have to be perfect or successful.
That's what the Hollywood star made unequivocally clear in an interview now.
'i'll always put in drawers or get glued from the outside label, which usually has little to do with me and the reality. '
'i myself don't have the desire to always be perfect and successful. '
'to be honest, these things are more snug to me. '
Jennifer Aniston (47) can only laugh at the fact that she is considered "Miss Perfect," as she explains in the current "Cosmopolitan."
Preferably, the actress spends her time at home, pre-TV with loose Dutton and Mexican food, the magazine says.
To the whitewash, she raises the question of the child's wish: "We women don't have to be married or have children to be perfect," according to the Hollywood star.
In her new film "Mother's Day - Love is not a breeze," Aniston is seen as a single mother of two sons.
The film runs with us from August 25.
Golfer Langer receives the sports pyramid
His experiences on the horse are manageable.
At the end of a golf tournament in South Africa, Bernhard Langer, with some colleagues, was looking for a bit of variety with a walkout on the beach.
For the 58-year-old, it was a first.
Chio: 'Golden sports pyramid' for Bernhard Langer
After a few minutes, the horses were reminded of their holidays, they joked in the fast gallop home to the feeding comforters.
One kilometre at that pace, I've been scared.
"It wasn't a good experience," Langer says.
And that ended the riding career again.
On Saturday, Germany's best golfer of all time - 101 tournament victories - was back near horses.
He left with his family over the plant of the ALRV, on a horse he swung not even for photo purposes.
Long was the first time in Aachen and therefore also at the CHIO.
The reason was quite convincing.
German Sport Relief handed over to the man from Anhausen as part of a small gala the Golden Sports Pyramid.
The likeable athlete is not lacking in awards.
Federal treasurer, silver laurel leaf, Champions Tour player of the year...
Even the British Queen has already adored him.
Langer is the 18th winner of the sports pyramid.
In Aachen, he met the first prize winner, Hans Günter Winkler, on Saturday.
"This award means a lot to me," says Langer, "because it is awarded not only for sporting successes but also for social engagement."
For decades, Langer has been promoting the young.
And so he also gave the prize money of $25,000 right away.
With 15 other outstanding athletes, the two-time U.S. Masters winner was inducted into the "Hall of Fame of German Sports" on Saturday.
Among the excluded are athletics Hartwig Gauder and Harald Schmitt, Turner Eberhard Gienger, the fussy Cornelia Hanisch, Alexander Pusch and Arnd Schmitt, the Ruderer Peter-Michael Kolbe, the Judoka Frank Wieneke, the Judoka Frank Wieneke, the jumper Alwin Shockemöhle and posthumous handyman Erhard Wunderlich.
Many of these sports legends had come to Aachen on Saturday.
After the official part, the illustrious company wandered into the jumping stadium, where the Lavazza price ran.
Bernhard Langer kept distance to the big animals.
Clinton's and Trump's economic policies in comparison: It's all about the money
Invest in infrastructure and prevent the TTP trade deal - that's what both Clinton and Trump want.
However, the two US presidential candidates are divided on tax and energy policy, as well as on a matter of principle.
The differences in economic policy between Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton is based on a fundamental, more philosophical difference.
The, about the role of the state.
Trump wants to keep those in doubt rather small and warns about how the state can hurt the economy - with taxes and regulations.
Clinton wants to tax the economy to death and regulate it to death, he says.
He himself, by contrast, would be very different, Trump claims.
He will drive back regulations massively, and he is pushing for far-reaching tax reform with lower tax rates - for private individuals and for businesses.
Clinton, by contrast, says: The state has certain tasks to perform, he has disadvantaged opportunities to open up and needs money for it.
That's why taxes would be increased for the rich, she says.
Interestingly, both are very close to the issue of infrastructure.
In the need to be invested, Trump and Clinton say almost eloquently.
The Democratic candidate is even announcing the biggest investment in new jobs since World War II.
Government investment programs in infrastructure are classic democratic politics and are strongly opposed, for example, by the state-critical Teaparty wing of the Republican Party.
So on Trump, there could still be bipartisan discussions.
The differences in energy and climate policy are clearer.
Trump wants to build coal-fired power plants and ramp up coal production in the United States.
Oil production is also expected to be possible in previously protected areas, the Paris climate change agreement he wants to announce.
Clinton, by contrast, explicitly wants to expand renewable energy with her investment programme, demanding: "A country will become the superpower of clean energy and create millions of jobs."
'it will probably be either China, Germany or America - I want us to be. '
But not only in infrastructure - even in international trade agreements, the two competitors are not too far apart.
TPP, the Trans-Pacific Trade Agreement, both do not want to sign.
At the same time, however, both do not want to isolate the US from international trade - but simply to better protect American jobs.
Those are then also expected to be paid better, asking about Clinton.
The current minimum wage of $7.25 is a pittance.
He wants to increase it to $15 an hour.
What Trump wants to do on this issue is not entirely clear: Once he says: The minimum wage has to go up, then he says he should not be changed.
But the big discussion of the coming months is likely to be more about the tax policy of the two camps.
On one side is Trump, who wants to relieve the economy and citizens to boost growth.
His critics keep telling him that would only increase the budget deficit.
On the other hand, Clinton, who at least wants to require the rich to pay more tax, and whose critics say: More tax is not the solution either.
Escape: "Every winged woman has experience of sexual violence"
Sexual violence is almost an everyday occurrence for women who flee on their own.
When they arrive in Germany, they are often traumatised.
A house offers sanctuary.
Four women sit in a large kitchen.
Each has a baby that is no more than a year old.
One has put her little son in his arm.
He guesses with big eyes curious in the room.
His mother stares at the table plate.
Until she realises she's watching.
She smiles briefly and kisses the little one.
The scene looks normal.
Until you talk to Katrin Bahr.
She is division manager of Condrobs, a carrier for social support services in Bavaria, and deals with the issue of women on the run, among others.
The four women in the kitchen have fled.
They live in Munich's north in one of the few decentralised shelters for all-fleeing women and their children in Bavaria.
In January, Condrobs opened up the facility along with Pro Familia and the Munich Women's Aid.
It has recently been officially opened.
Sixty people live there - about 40 women and 20 children.
Men don't exist - even as visitors.
The exception is a guard at the door.
"It's not an exaggeration to say: Every woman who arrives here has made experiences of sexual violence on her escape," Bahr says.
"Men flee because of wars because they are persecuted politically, because they face torture or death, or because their families send them to Europe as hopes," she told me.
In women, there are other reasons for the escape: "Many secretly steal from it because they see no other way out."
In their homeland, they have experience of sexual violence, forced marriages, honour killings, slavery or forced prostitution.
That's what drives them.
On the run, this continues.
"The fact that smugglers are asking for a sexual act for a bottle of water, for example, is not uncommon," Bahr says.
And the women are on their own, they are not protected by their families.
Those who believe that the end once they arrive in Germany are mistaken, Bahr tells us.
Again, single women in refugee shelters would often be considered inferior and abused at worst.
As a result, about 90 per cent of women living in accommodation in Munich's north are traumatised, she estimates.
'Some of the children are certainly not born voluntarily. '
A lot of women are so used to saying they don't say anything.
'or they don't dare to talk openly about the experience because the shame is too big. '
Since they often don't know to help, there needs to be more accommodation only for them, Bahr claims.
In Bavaria, the seven district governments are responsible for housing refugees.
On the question of whether they knew of a similar project as in Munich in their area of competence, some say no.
In the Oberpfalz and Oberfranken, for example, there is no such thing in government accommodation.
Even in Swans, winged women alone are not housed separately, says Karl-Heinz Meyer, press secretary of the government.
In Upper Bavaria, Lower and Central France, there are floors or houses only for single women and their children.
The exception is Lower Bavaria, where there are two central accommodations exclusively for women.
The Committee on Women's Rights and Gender Equality in the European Parliament also calls for women to be separated from men.
In a study published for the committee, it said: "It is very important that men and women are housed separately."
"Lack of privacy or being able to accommodate men and women together can lead to - continuing - violence against women."
In particular, the washrooms should be separate and easily accessible to women, the study says.
How much women feel this need for protection can be seen in the crowd that exists on the house in Munich.
"Since getting around that it's us, we have a long waiting list," Bahr says.
You could easily make up a second house.
Assistant doctors strike: Calls for new labour force action
Deputy assistant doctors have called on their union to approve new labour force measures in their disputes regarding a new contract.
The Junior Doctors Committee (JDC) of the British Medical Association (BMA) has called on its entire council to approve more labour force measures from early September.
The JDC said that ministers had failed to address concerns about the contract.
Assistant doctors and medical students voted in July on the rejection of a contract agreed with the BMA.
It was rejected by 58% of its members who voted in the elections.
In a letter to members posted on Twitter on Thursday evening, the chairman of the JDC Ellen McCourt said that the government had remained "persistently quiet" to problems, which led to the contract being rejected.
She said: "In light of this, the JDC board has voted to completely reject the proposed new contract and requested official renegotiations on all your concerns."
In response to the government's silence, the JDC board today made a formal request for a special meeting of the BMA Council to approve an ongoing program of escalating labor force action, which begins in early September.
The disputes resulted in assistant doctors striking six times this year, the first total cancellations in the history of the NHS.
The head of BMA assistant doctors Dr Johann Malawana stepped down after the election to reject the agreed contract terms that had been recommended by the BMA.
He told BMA members during the meetings, which took place even before the vote by 54,000 assistant doctors and medical students, that the contract was beneficial and should be accepted.
After the vote, the Health Secretary, Jeremy Hunt, said that the contract would be forcibly introduced for doctors in England.
Russia and Turkey: An "alliance of outsiders"?
It was a gesture that ended a crisis.
The leaders of Russia and Turkey met on Tuesday to shake hands and declare an official end to the eight-month-long war of words and economic sanctions.
But when Vladimir Putin receives his Turkish counterpart in the gilded hall of the St. Petersburg Palace, I cannot deny the impression that Ankara wants this reconciliation the most.
There was the handshake, yes.
But Putin's smile seemed shaky and he was barely radiating heat, even for his restrained conditions.
Recep Tayyip Erdogan, on the other hand, spoke repeatedly of his "dear friend" Putin - according to a report full five times.
I couldn't count it anymore.
He also promised that relations with Russia would not only return to their old levels before the crisis, but will even improve.
The next day, a newspaper described that Erdogan would have behaved as if anything bad had never happened.
To me, his enthusiasm seemed to suggest the opposite.
But a sustainable boldness demonstrated by Putin showed that the leader of Russia had forgotten nothing.
Rather, the cause of the crisis was the first thing he mentioned in his introductory words: The firing of a Russian warplane on the Syrian border by Turkey.
Moscow's reaction at the time was wrenching.
Putin told and accused Ankara of dropping Russia in the back.
The offence was even greater as it was committed by a would-be friend.
Rebuilding the vetoes will be difficult, if not impossible.
Public opinion in Russia has changed since November.
For months, the state-controlled media conducted a fierce, unrestricted attack on Ankara.
At one time, it seemed as if the Turks were to blame for everything.
Most serious were the accusations by senior officials that Erdogan's own family would have benefited from the illegal oil trade in areas of Syria controlled by the so-called Islamic State.
He has vehemently denied this.
But in St.Petersburg, the official message was that it was time to look forward.
After all, this meeting took place only because Putin received the apology from President Erdogan that he wanted to hear.
Russia was able to win some sort of victory.
For Ankara, the benefits of a ceasefire are clear.
Erdogan primarily needs all the friends he can get after he was almost stripped of his office last month in a failed coup.
Repeated terror attacks on Turkey have also shaken him.
But there are also economic motives.
Russian sanctions have hit Turkey hard - particularly the ban on charter flights, which typically bring several million Russian tourists to the Turkish coast each year.
The number has decreased by almost 90%.
In Russia, tour operators and charter companies will be relieved when flights resume.
They count on a late-seasonal rush to the Mediterranean.
This week, state television forecast cheaper fruit and vegetables once Turkish agricultural imports are allowed again.
As a report in Vedemosti put it: "Tourists there long, tomatoes here long."
But the visit had added political value for Moscow.
Ankara is angry at the West as it views its response to the attempted takeover as a weak response.
This is followed by persistent resentment over the snail's pace of EU accession negotiations and Putin - who is eager to benefit from the cool mood and reduce Turkey's relationship with the West.
The Russian leader certainly won a bonus in Ankara for calling for support for elected state bodies after the attempted coup.
This is, of course, a matter of course for Moscow, which itself has a deep-seated fear of regime change.
The summit in this lacklustre palace on the sea enabled Russia and Turkey to portray one, as one analyst once described to me, "Alliance of outsiders": Two countries that are in breach of the West and feel ill-treated and are now allied.
Nevertheless, despite public reconciliation, there are still major differences between the two.
The biggest difference is Syria, where Moscow recently gave itself the role as a peacemaker, but where Russia and Turkey support opposing sides.
It could be significant that after nearly three hours of initial talks, both presidents testified at the news conference that they hadn't even leveled the issue.
The President of Turkey deliberately avoided answering a question about their differences, while Putin decided to emphasize it.
There is no clear consensus on where a common denominator on Syria can be found.
But after months of open hostilities - and given the potential for a complete disaster, when NATO member Turkey shot down the Russian fighter jet - it is certainly better for the two heads of state to at least talk to each other again.
Royal Bank of Scotland no longer available to customers outside Scotland
The RBS brand is expected to be reduced to a back-office role, according to the bank's chief executive.
Royal Bank of Scotland will no longer be available to customers outside of Scotland.
Ross McEwan told BBC Scotland that the RBS brand was linked to the bank's global ambitions.
The bank has since distanced itself when it nearly collapsed and rescued eight years ago.
During this time, brand strategists have used "RBS" to protect other end-consumer financial brands.
She supported international sport with millions of pounds in sponsorship, from Six Nations rugby to Wimbledon winner Andy Murray.
But now it has decided to focus more national brands.
The Royal Bank of Scotland will only be available to customers in Scotland but will not be initialized.
In England and Wales, all RSB references, devolved headquarters and stock market listing will switch to NatWest.
The Ulster Bank brand is already being used for customers in the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland.
There are other, smaller brands for retail banking that will be given more prominence - Coutts, Adam & Co, Drummond and Holt's Military Bank.
McEwan was interviewed during a sightseeing tour of customers and staff in Inverness-shire.
He told BBC Scotland: "The RSB brand will become our investor brand as well as the brand under which our staff will be employed as we now become more of a bank of brands."
When the bank itself became a global brand, RBS became a global brand.
I am now saying that we are not pursuing global goals but local goals.
Each of these brands will stand for something completely different in their own communities and our staff will work with customers under these brands.
RBS has already said that it will no longer continue its Six Nations sponsorship and that it will increase the visibility of the various brands in its sports sponsorship.
"It's time for us to develop into the bank of brands, because how do we focus inside (we asked) to make this a better bank for customers?" The chief executive said.
It would have been very cynical three years ago if we had said that we were going to be a great bank for our customers and would have launched these brands.
But with our work, the focus on customer needs and not our own, I think you will see a lot of changes.
We can launch these brands again, so I think the time has come.
Frankie Dettori reaches out on predilection his 3,000th win at Newmarket
Dettori spins champagne after a double at Newmarket, which brings him 3,000th profit
The jockey Frankie Dettori secured his 3,000th UK win at Newmarket on Friday.
He put on predilection, which is trained by John Gosden, on his local circuit with his second win of the night a milestone.
The 45-year-old Italian is the sixth jockey to reach the milestone in the flat race.
He follows Sir Gordon Richards, Doug Smith, Lester Piggott, Pat Eddry and Willie Carson.
The three-time winner Dettori, who won on Ghayyar before, said: "It's something special."
I'm very emotional because my family is here too
I'm very happy that it happened at Newmarket because I ended up here 30 years ago.
It's not a big meeting, it's not Royal Ascot - it's a banal Friday night with 20,000 people.
I am relieved and very humble.
Dettori takes the cheer as he picks up on predilection victory
Two jockeys have reached the milestone in the obstacle race - jockey Richard Johnson and retired 20-time winner Sir Anthony McCoy, who reached more than 4,300 wins in a record-breaking career.
Lester Piggott, the nine-time Derby winner had 4,493 career victories
Frankie is one of the best jockey of modernism and it's no surprise that he has reached this milestone that few have achieved before him.
He has style and is strong, but it's his tactical intellect that distinguishes him from the others in the weight control room.
He is a fantastic ambassador for race, his enthusiasm and charisma has thrilled fans for years for this sport.
I told Frankie a few weeks ago at Epsom that he'd already picked up 6,000 gains if he weren't just a weekend and big-tournament jockey!
Frankie has already ridden nearly 30 years of winners in GB, which is great.
He has a vibrant personality, which is good for a British race, but beyond that, he's an incredible jockey.
Frankie Dettori celebrated the milestone with a typical Flying Dismount
From flying finishes to Flying Dismounts, Frankie Dettori has been the showcase of the British flat race for two decades.
It was nerve-wracking.
A slew of big-tournament wins, including his famous "Glorrich Seven" in 1996 in Ascot, but he also survived a plane crash and received a drug ban.
Three years ago, he initially faced difficulties when he returned from his six-month ban, but he showed an impressive characteristic strength to defy his two-fliers and return to his best form.
And he's still a long way from the end - Dettori once said that he wants to continue in competitions up to his at least 50 years of age.
Russia's Putin flaunts Chief of Staff Sergei Ivanov
Russian President Vladimir Putin unexpectedly sacked his chief of staff, Sergei Ivanov.
Ivanov was part of Putin's closest trust group for many years.
The 63-year-old has been appointed Special Representative for Environment and Transport.
In a statement from the Kremlin, it says that Putin, without giving reasons, "ordered the dismissal of Ivanovs from his duties as chairman of the Russian presidential administration."
Anton Vaino, who had been Ivanov's deputy since 2012, was appointed his successor.
Vaino, 44, is a former diplomat.
Born in 1972 in the Estonian capital Tallinn, he made his degree at the prestigious State Moscow Institute for International Relations (MGIMO) and worked in the embassy in Tokyo.
On the Kremlin's website, it says (in Russian) that he was later a protocol chief and chief of staff of the government staff.
Speaking about his appointment, he said to Putin: "Thank you for your confidence."
I think that it is the government's most important task to support your work as Head of State regarding draft laws and controls on the implementation of your instructions.
Putin told the Russian TV station on Friday that Ivanov had asked to leave his post and recommended Vaino as his successor.
Convince the smiling faces?
This move has mystified Moscow.
Sergei Ivanov has long been one of the closest confidants of Vladimir Putin and works as he does for Soviet intelligence, the KGB.
As chief of staff, he was one of the most powerful men in the country.
At a meeting with President Putin, which aired on television, both men claimed that the chief of staff was resigning at his own request.
But despite the smile for the cameras, few are convinced - especially now, just before the parliamentary elections.
So is this the result of some kind of power struggle?
No one knows at the moment.
But the official claim - that a man once touted as a potential president at one time wants to guide Russian environmental policy - met with great skepticism.
In his remarks to Putin quoted on the Kremlin's website, Ivanov said "it is true that I asked you in a conversation in early 2012 to entrust me with this very complicated post - you could almost say - arduous post for four years.
As it turns out, I have been chairman of the Russian presidential administration for four years and eight months.
Ivanov took the post in December 2011.
Previously, he was deputy prime minister and defence minister.
He is a member of the Russian Security Council and, like Putin, a former member of the State Security Service KGB.
In the late 1990s, when Putin was chairman of the Federal Security Service (FSB) that replaced the KGB, Ivanov was appointed his deputy.
When Putin came to power, he named Ivanov as one of five people he most trusted.
It was once assumed that Ivanov could become president of Russia after Putin's second term, as Putin's third term would have violated the constitution.
But that post was taken by another, close ally of Putin, Dmitry Medvedev.
Putin became prime minister before becoming president three-and-a-half years later.
Criminal Minds star Thomas Gibson fired after he beat producers
Gibson was involved in a physical altercation on the set of the series in Los Angeles last month.
ABC Studios and CBS Television Studios, which produce the series, announced its termination in a joint statement.
Gibson, who played Special Agent Aaron Hotchner, apologized publicly on Thursday before announcing his termination.
On set, there were artistic differences and a disagreement.
I regret the incident, "he said in a note.
Details of how the character Gibsons is written out of the series, which follows a team of FBI agents, are expected to be released at a later date, according to the opinion of ABC Studios and CBS Television Studios.
The 54-year-old, who previously starred in the sitcom Dharma & Greg, had been with him since the first season of the series in 2005.
"I love Criminal Minds and have put my whole heartbreak down the last 12 years," Gibson said in a statement released on Friday.
I had hoped to be there until the end, but that will not be possible now.
I'd just like to thank the authors, producers, actors, our wonderful crew and especially the best fans you can only wish for a series.
The planned airing of the twelfth season is scheduled for September 28.
Mystery of fish that landed in garden in Banff
A resident of Banff called for help in identifying the fish, which appeared in his garden in Banff.
Kevin Bain thinks it could be the 75 fish around Sandaale, which were lined out by a fountain.
Mr Bain, who lives about 500 metres from the sea, posted a video of the spectacle on Periscope in the hope that someone could shed some light on the appearance of the two inch long fish.
Queensferry Crossing: Bridge now linked to Fife
The £1.35bn project is expected to be completed by May 2017
Engineers have linked the north deck of the Queensferry Crossings with the viaduct - meaning the bridge is now linked to Fife.
It is the first of four closures of the "cover blowers" that are nearing completion around each of the bridge's three towers.
The bridge section of Fife is now 600 metres long and weighs 30,000 tonnes.
It has 10,000 tons of steel and 20,000 tons of concrete as well as 46 oblique ropes.
The £1.35bn project is expected to be completed by May 2017.
Business Secretary Keith Brown paid a visit to the construction site today and was one of the first to go from the country to the bridge.
He said: "This is a historic and symbolic moment in the construction of the Queensferry Crossings.
We are all witnesses to an engineering art of a truly epic degree in this project with over 30,000 tons of concrete and steel used alone for this part of the bridge.
Despite the massive size and weight of the bridge, the completion of the closure between the viaduct and the bridge deck is a delicate activity requiring extremely precise tolerances for the fit.
In total, nearly 79% of the entire bridge deck is in their place and the last section of the deck will get a Betonguss for the deck in Rosyth today, meaning the entire deck is ready to be lifted to its place on the bridge.
Michael Martin, project manager of Forth Crossing Bridge Constructors said: "The first shutter represents a significant milestone in any bridge project.
In this fantastic project, the closure represents a trend-setting high and deep construction.
After the installation of the last section of the road and its connection with the expansion of the north tower deck, we had to close the remaining gap on the north or land side.
This was achieved by pulling the northern feeder bridge 700 millimetres south.
This was a massive and, at the same time, very delicate activity.
Massive, since the viaduct is 222 metres long, weighs about 6,000 tons and had to be pulled upwards at an incline of about 3%.
Tricky because the tolerances on which the team worked were tiny - on each side they were only a few millimetres.
Fortunately, everything went very well.
Rescue in Moelfre Bay: Three men have "good luck still to be alive"
Three men are "lucky to still be alive" after being thrown from their fishing boat off Anglesey.
The Moelfre RNLI rescue station struck at 13: 20 BST on Friday after a crew observed the event in Moelfre Bay.
The three men had difficulty swimming to safety while their boat moved on on their own.
"We saw how the boat turned around in its vicinity and confronted us the worst," the head of Moelfre Vince Jones' rescue station said.
"Fortunately, the strong winds have already waved the boat out of their reach until we left to water," he added.
Two of the men were rescued by a local fishing boat, while the third man, aged 60, was exhausted and found at a Boje hanging without a rescue vest.
They all came on board the coastal rescue boat and were taken back to the rescue station
Mr Jones said: "The three men thrown into the water are lucky to be unharmed and still alive.
The boat engine had an emergency stopper, but the boat was removed by the person who was driving the boat.
Someone was waking up about these men today.
Seriously injured - man stabbed on his ex-girlfriend
A man has attacked and seriously injured his ex-girlfriend in Hamburg-Harburg with a knife.
As police announced yesterday, the 50-year-old had been given the key to the apartment to pick up his personal things.
Instead, the alcohol-fuelled offender cut off his ex-girlfriend's clothes.
When this came into the apartment, he stole twice on her.
The 44-year-old was injured on the hand and on the body.
Police were able to arrest the perpetrator.
While the 50-year-old destroyed his ex-girlfriend's clothes, he called his mother.
This then alerted his sister.
Together with her partner, the 45-year-old wanted to reassure her brother.
But she was unable to persuade him to leave the flat.
That's why she walked out of the house with her partner.
On the street, they met the man's ex-partner.
When the two women entered the apartment again, the 50-year-old snubbed his sister to the side and attacked his ex-girlfriend.
Who is building Braunschweig's cheap apartments?
The SPD and the Greens believe that investors should be given much greater responsibility in the future.
How do you respond to the bad news that Brunswick will lose nearly 1300 affordable homes over the next few years?
The SPD proposes a "concept of living" at the next Council meeting.
But controversy is programmed.
First and foremost, the question is: Who should actually build the affordable housing?
There is no regulation so far.
Obama group chairman Christoph Bratman thinks: "We agree with the Greens: If you want to build on urban land, in the future, 20 per cent of all apartments will have to be designated as social housing."
However, the affordable apartments can also be found in the stock.
However, the big talking point at City Hall is, according to Bratman: "How do you deal with investors who want to build on private land?"
'We want investors to build at least 10 per cent on such land, but as much as 20 per cent of homes as social housing. '
A new urban housing support scheme, which will cost millions and still needs to be funded, is designed to provide incentives.
The problem, according to Bratman: "There is still no agreement between the groups at the moment."
The CDU wants to give investors as few rules as possible.
The left still wants tougher requirements for investors.
Despite this, according to Bratman, there is a tightening of the situation in the housing market.
If the concept of action is implemented, this will provide for additional tasks in the building administration.
More staff will be needed.
It's unclear whether we will get the professionals.
But the programme is not yet complete: The approximately 1260 new apartments, which should be built anyway.
But how do you compare the loss of another about 1300 affordable housing, the promotion of which will be phased out over the next few years?
There will be 500 homes by 2020 alone.
To prevent this from happening, according to planning policy spokeswoman Nicole Palm, now expiring ties should be bought from the city.
In addition, consideration would have to be given to bringing housing back into price fixing.
This is possible in the western city.
At one stroke, the problem could be solved.
Because in the western city, deadlines expire at the end of the year.
Some 1800 apartments could be brought back there in price fixing for affordable housing.
Only: That's what the owners want, the housing associations don't.
Because, once again, the number of social housing in the western city will be dramatically increased, away from the goal of so-called mixing.
A concentration of social weak in just a few neighbourhoods should no longer exist.
The Greens reckon there will still be movement in the discussion.
Group Chairman Holger Herlitschke says: "For a broad majority, the CDU must be on board."
The has focused on more building sites for single-family homes.
But that does not mean that a compromise cannot be found.
Pokémon Go, a hunt for health and happiness that's worth it
It is fascinating to see how the world is changing.
The fact that teenagers and children no longer go outside to play, but rather prefer to spend their leisure time staring at screens, has been lamented by many in the last decade.
Pokemon Go is about getting people off the sofa and getting more active.
The time on screen was initially on the TV, then on video games and most recently limited to smartphones.
So it's great to see that technology and outdoor activities are not mutually exclusive.
I refer, of course, to the Pokémon Go-Wahn, an app based on the characters first created for video games in the 1990 "s (later created a cartoon series, playing cards and other spin-offs).
Like many phenomena of pop culture, interest fell somewhat before the release of the game in the United States, Australia and New Zealand in early July.
The market launch in other countries was postponed by the massive demand that the servers overloaded.
Within days, Pokémon Go had more users than tinder and almost as many as Twitter.
How does it work?
In short, the players go outside with their smartphones and look for Pokémons, who are tracked down with a GPS and, once found, can be "photographed" (via a screenshot on the phone) or "captured."
A generation that played the game when she was even younger, joined the loo and jumped for the search from the sofa.
In the US, the game led to a significant rise in moves that put the "average" person back every day.
Cardiogram, an app for Apple Watch that tracks 35,000 users, told The Washington Post recently that within two days of the game's launch, the number of tracked people who train for 30 minutes each day jumped from 45 per cent to 53 per cent.
The company doesn't know who is playing Pokémon Go - it only sees the raw data for performance enhancement.
Many public health awareness campaigns that want to get people to "take 30 minutes" to "get off the sofa" and "be active every day" met on deaf ears because many public messages to health are boring and come from people who look miserable.
Yet the importance of sport cannot be overrated.
If you do sport regularly, you reduce your chances of developing cancer or depression.
Physical activity helps with weight control, high blood pressure, diabetes and a long list of benefits that is too long to lead them here.
But the wonderful thing about Pokémon Go is that it causes people to do something outdoors that makes them fun.
Thus, three pillars of health are covered - movement, fresh air and sunshine as well as fun.
Some people even join in the hunt for new friendships.
As always, there are also grumpy game-changers who always have to complain about something.
And yes, someone could run against a door.
What's it like?
A breakthrough has occurred.
Even though smartphone apps like Fitbit have been able to track our activity earlier, they gave us no reason to drive sports, as this game does.
The new will lose its appeal and the use will fade with time.
However, due to Pokemon's success, there will be more games that will unite apps and virtual reality with the activist in the real world, helping many people in the hunt to be more active, fitter and healthier.
Read Dr Joes's blog at www.drjoetoday.com
Simone Biles creates gold in women's turkey
Forget the pressure.
Forget the hype.
Simone Biles is immune to all that.
Dynamic on the jump horse.
Effortless on the beam.
Stunning on the floor.
Absolutely brilliant.
And now, finally, Olympic champion.
The 19-year-old American turkey yelled to the multi-match title on Thursday and widened the gap between himself and the rest of the world in front of all eyes under the spotlight of the Olympics.
Their overall score of 62,198 was clearly ahead of the silver medallist and "Final Five" team mate Aly Raisman and Russian bronze medallist Aliya Mustafina.
The American-born Simone Biles Turns on the balance beam during the women's single multi-game race in the art turkey at the Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro 2016, Brazil, Thursday.
Biles is the fourth heterosexual American to win a multi-game title and overall the fifth, while consolidating her reputation to be the best of her generation or even at all.
She broke down in tears when her final result was shown and her long journey at that moment came to an end.
This success puts them in the same league as unique athletes like Michael Phelps, who has brought their sports to new heights:
Biles has dominated her sport the last three years, winning 15 world championship medals - including 10 gold medals - with such amazing exercises that include a mix of ambition and precision that the 1984 Olympic champion Mary Lou Rescue told her that she is "the best turner I've ever seen."
It expected it to be a final test in Brazil, a contest that didn't go so much between Biles and the rest of the athletes, but rather between it and a load of outsized expectations.
Not returning with a handful of gold back to the family in Spring, Texas, would be considered a disappointment.
The American-born Simone Biles, left, and Aly Raisman embrace after they each won gold and silver in the women's single multi-game series in the art turkey at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, Thursday
Biles picked up the first medal Tuesday while serving on the farewell party of retiring team coordinator Martha Karolyi as an exclamation point.
Although Biles insisted, during her long walk on the lead, never planned the future, that's not really true.
Part of their ground exercises - which include her typical Tumbling pass - is tuned to Latin American music that would fit at home on the road outside the Olympic arena in Rio.
This is no coincidence.
This girl, who was adopted by her grandparents as a young child and discovered by trainer Aimee Boorman's mother during a school trip to the gym where Boorman trained, became a force.
She has not lost a multi-match contest since the summer of 2013, a winning streak that will last as long as Biles wishes.
Even though Mustafina easily led by two turns, the picture was trending.
Floating beams and ground turkeys - in which Biles holds the world championship title - lurched.
She picked up again with 15.433 on the balance beam - and still put one on it with a 15.933 on the floor.
Raisman gently hugged her as she awaited her Endergbnis - a mere formality - and tears poured on Biles's brilliantly red, white and blue Eyeliner as the vision she once described in her collection book became a reality.
Raisman's performance was a revenge for the last time four years ago, when she struggled for third place, but the bronze medal in a Tiebrake went to Mustafina.
This time, the 22-year-old team captain, dubbed "grandma" by the Americans, had a head start.
After her ground exercise, she accused the audience of Kusshunds, overwhelmed by a comeback that sometimes seemed doubtful.
As for Biles, the fast-spreading tweet of the 19-year-old from earlier this week has a whole new meaning:
Police: 3 victims shot in serial murder case during music hearing in car
According to police reports released on Thursday, two women and a 12-year-old girl were shot dead, who died in one of the deadliest attacks for a decade in the first serial killing of Phoenix while they were staying in the car and listening to music.
Angela Rochelle Liner, Stefanie R. Ellis and Ellis's daughter Maleah were shot on June 12 while the car was parked in a driveway, authorities said.
The offender fired eight shots from a handgun while standing on the passenger side of the car and then fled with another vehicle, is read in the report.
Police said that the triple murder did not appear to have been the result of a robbery, as the attacker did not take the handbags or the $2,900, which was owned by one of the adult victims.
Phoenix Sgt. Jonathan Howard's police spokesman said that the shootings led investigators to take a closer look at whether it is linked to four previous attacks.
In total, seven people were killed and two others injured, mainly in Hispanic neighborhoods within four months in nine attacks.
"It is happening in a residential area in front of a house," Howard told KHPO, a subsidiary of CBS, earlier this month.
It is believed that the suspect used several vehicles, including a brown Nissans from the late 1990 "s, a black BMW from the late 1990" s and a white Cadillac or Lincoln.
Investigators refused to disclose the evidence that led them to the conclusion that the attacks were linked and were committed by the same killer.
Ellis, 33, was hospitalized due to her injuries and later died.
Liner, 31, and Ellis's daughter Maleah still died on the ground.
A witness told police that it was not unusual for her to sit in a parked car and listen to music.
Authorities also released a police report on the shootings, aimed at an empty pickup truck half an hour before the triple murder and assumed it was the work of the serial killer.
Investigators found patronage and secured a bullet from the seat as well as ball fragments from the engine room.
Mother of a 6-year-old with microcephaly: 'It will be better'
Like most 6-year-olds, Edmund Picciuto loves singing, toys and, of course, his mother.
But like the least of his age, Edmund has microcephaly, the result of a genetic disorder about which his mother, Elizabeth Picciuto, knew nothing during her pregnancy.
When he first came home, my first thought was, I'm not able to do that.
I don't manage that.
I didn't engage in that.
Which is not true at all -- of course you got into it, "she said.
Her husband Vincent and her have been told that Edmund will never be able to recognize them in some circumstances and that he may not even survive.
Some doctors even went so far as to propose to institutionalize him.
"My first response to that was' I didn't know that people still do, '" explained Picciuto.
Edmund can run with the help of a walking aid.
Edmund could not sit or crawl until his third year of life and he still can't speak.
But he is slowly making progress.
He can run with support and bike rides.
He also loves to play and sing with his two brothers.
Elizabeth shows the sign language that Edmund devised for "Please sing me something before."
"We bring him sign language," Picciuto told CBS News.
But it's not a typical sign language -- she says. Edmund invented some characters on his own.
Microcephaly has a variety of causes: Genetic as with Edmund, as well as infections with viruses such as measles or the Zikavirus during pregnancy.
The symptoms and forecasts can vary greatly.
It is too early to say how it will affect the lives of those with the Zikavirus infected.
Picciuto remembers the emotional price of an uncertain future.
I asked all the time, what will happen?
What will happen?
And she still doesn't really know.
I haven't asked for the forecast for a long time because I don't expect them to really tell me anyone.
But Picciuto has a hopeful piece of advice for mothers of infants with birth defects caused by the Zikavirus.
It's going to be better.
You know it will be better for you.
You will love your child and your child will love you.
Heavy rains, flooding gives rise to rescues in Louisiana, Mississippi
Heavy rains and widespread flooding in Louisiana forced the governor to declare a state of emergency on Friday, with more rain expected throughout Saturday.
Numerous rivers in southeastern Louisianas and the south of the Mississippis flooded their shores and threatened with widespread flooding after extreme rains, the National Weather Service reported.
Louisiana Governor John Bel Edwards told reporters that state officials are in constant contact with local authorities and that aid to the affected communities is already on the way.
Mike Steele, a spokesman for the governor's Office of Homeland Security and Emergency Preparedness, told reporters that requests for flood vehicles, boats and sandbags increased.
Steele said that alone the community of Tangipahoa would have requested ten thousand sandbags.
A flood warning system will be deployed across much of southern Louisianas through Saturday.
The weather service reported that an additional 3 to 5 inches of rain could fall in that area.
A flood alert system was used in southern Alabamas on Friday, while it continued to rain in the Mobile area.
The River Comite near Baton Rouges and the River Amite near Denham Springs, which are both in Louisiana, are likely to reach record levels over the weekend.
The metereologist Alek Krautman says that both rivers could flood many homes in suburban neighborhoods near Baton Rouge.
He also said that a downstream flooding in Ascension Parish is a danger, as these will only slowly flow into Lake Maurepas across the rivers.
The River Tickfaw, south of the Mississippi state border in Liverpool, Louisiana, reached the highest level ever recorded on Friday.
Rescue teams still added people from the floodwaters in the districts of Amite and Wilkinson in southwestern Mississippi.
Leroy Hansford, his wife and his stepson were among those rescued near Gloster on Friday.
Hansford, 62, says that water from Beaver Creek, which is normally more than 400 feet from his home, rose sharply overnight.
He said that another stepson who lives nearby would have warned him.
"We woke up and the water poured in and poured in," Hansford said.
It reached my waist.
His wife told Hansford that she'd never seen such a high level of the river in the 48 years she lived there.
Hansford said that he and his family members all had disabilities and he would be the only one who can swim.
Hansford said that Nothelfer had rescued all three in a large military truck and had taken them to the next fire station in Gloster, where they were housed until Friday.
Krautman said that the exuberance had "spread quickly" as there continued to be heavy rainfall and that authorities were considering evacuation instructions.
According to Krautman, an observer near Livingstone reported from midnight to Friday morning of 13.75 inches of rain.
Krautman said that the ground was considerably full-blown by the rains since Wednesday.
Authorities said that heavy rainfall and street flooding caused the rescue of residents from their homes in Tangipahoa Parish and teaching failure in five school districts.
CBS affiliate WWL reported that an inmate in Tangipahoa gave birth to 200 flooded homes.
Residents were evacuated to two churches, which have now both been inundated.
The foreman of the community of Robby Miller said that authorities had rescued 72 people and seven pets who were washed up by the flooding.
Shelters have been set up in the cities of Amite and Hammond to house the evacuees.
"Once the water starts to go back, they will be able to go back to their homes," he said.
In the town of Hammond of the municipality of Tangipahoa, nearly two dozens of roads were closed due to flooding and sandbags provided for residents to take part, hoping to keep the water from their homes and shops.
"The last major flooding we had was in March," said Lacy Landrum of the City Council.
This appears to be a similar incident.
In Mississipp, emergency manager Rupert Lacy of the Harrison Countys said that it continued to rain on the Gulf Coast.
According to his data, a handful of homes are believed to have been reported as inundated on Thursday, but on Friday, none have been reported until now.
Keith Townson, manager at Shopper Value Foods in Amite, has already lived in the area for 40 years.
"I've seen water in places where I've never seen it before," Townson said, "and it's still coming."
Mahaj Brown, 6, 'wiped out by bullets', survives shooting in Philadelphia
Police say that the 6-year-old boy was fired in Philadelphia, this week already the second time a 6-year-old child is shot.
The boy's grandparents identified him for CBS Philadelphia as Mahaj Brown.
The grandparents said that Brown suffered multiple gunshot wounds, including in the lance, leg, arm and abdomen, but that he was at awareness during his transport to the hospital.
"He went through a lot, his little body was pierced by bullets," his grandmother, Delores Melendez, told the station.
I just can't believe that.
The boy's condition was deemed critical in a hospital and he had to undergo multiple operations.
The boy's family told the station that he expected to be gendered again.
He should have started first class at a local primary school.
Brown was one of four people fired in Germantown.
Also fired were three men: Two aged 29 and a 32-year-old.
One of the 29-year-old men is in critical condition; the other two victims are in stable condition, according to CBS Philadelphia.
The boy was found shot in the front seat of a car along with the 29-year-old, who is in a critical condition, the station reports.
The other two victims were not in the car and police are just investigating whether under one of the injured men could be the perpetrator.
Investigators told CBS Philadelphia that there appeared to be a crossfire between several shooters.
Patronage for assault rifles, which were traced back to various assault rifles, dotted the crime scene.
It seems that this was clearly an ongoing struggle.
On the road, on both sides of the walkway, there were pulses.
So there seem to have been several armed fighters here who were very actively involved, "police skin pman Anthony Ginaldi told police in Philadelphia told the station.
Several houses and vehicles were also hit in the area.
No arrests have been made and police are currently reviewing the surveillance video.
On Tuesday, another 6-year-old girl was hit by a quiver on the arm as she played in front of her house in the residential area of West Oak Lane.
She is recovering and police are still searching for a suspect.
Why We Need Simone, Gabby and Laurie
That's what I imagine under the women's Olympic team in the turkey and that for more than a reason.
First, I've been at every summer Olympics since 1984 and the US has never been so dominant.
And second, this team has three turners, Simone Biles, Gabby Douglas and Lauren "Laurie" Hernandez, who were inspiring for many young girls of other skin color.
The structure of this team, which is Aly Raisman, who is Jewish and Madison Kocian, who is Catholic, makes everyone proud.
This team finally reflects the United States.
It has solidified the black and Hispanic female presence at the top of this sport.
In the last four years, number one among female turners has been an African-American.
Last year, Simone and Gabby were # 1 and # 2.
That shows strength.
At the last Olympics, Gabby Douglas was a surprising Olympic champion and America cheered.
Now the world was able to witness the incredible performance of three-time world champion Simone Biles, Douglas and Laurie Hernandez as they delivered unexpected, yet masterful gymastic routines.
On Thursday, Simone became the fourth, heterosexual American who won gold at an individual multi-campaign event for women.
Team member Aly Raisman won silver.
We're seeing the top of this sport, but that's how gym classes across the country don't look out of place.
Simone, Gabby and Laurie all struck the same path as Aly and Madison to make it into the Olympic team.
They are the "last five" because the next Olympic team will have only four turners in the team, and this is the last year with Marta Karolyi as a trainee.
But the reality is that turkey is an expensive sport and Turner is primarily in private gym clubs, which are maintained by parents who pay for the training, deployment, travel clothing, competition and hotel costs (for the coaches and their Turner and families).
The majority of these gym clubs are in affluent suburbs that can support the business.
In these clubs, Turner will receive their entire training and this is an expensive and long-term commitment for the families.
Aimee Boorman, trainer of Simone Biles, and Maggie Haney, trainer of Laurie Hernandez, have both trained their athletes since they started with the turkey.
We need to provide the communities of countless, young girls inspired by Simone, Gabby and Laurie, a more affordable and easily accessible gym.
I started my gym foundation of 20 years.
At my events, we have offered free and affordable turkeys in Harlem for over 15,000 urban young people (mainly black and Hispanic) and trained national and international winners.
In September, we will expand to Detroit (my hometown) to offer youth high-quality turkeys that deserve the opportunity to learn and benefit from this great Olympic sport.
Turns develops strength, flexibility and coordination for the body as well as hard work, discipline and determination for the mind.
This combination offers lifelong benefits for health as well as for educational and professional success.
It's the inspiration of this team to get thousands of young girls to be interested in the turkey and that's great.
It's so important to participate in sport, especially for girls.
This is such an exciting time.
Thanks Simone, Aly, Laurie, Gabby and Madison for this real portrayal of "Girl Power" by the Holen of the Olympic team golds and thank you, fass her so many young girls with different backgrounds to start their way to become healthy, strong and successful young women.
Assistant doctors want to organise more strikes after rejecting Jeremy Hunt's proposal
Ministers had hoped to end the dispute over the changes by adopting a reformed contract with the officials of the British Medical Association, but 58 per cent of the 37,000 assistant doctors who voted in an election rejected him.
In July, Hunt unveiled plans to forcibly introduce the contract and said that the NHS would be in a "no-man's land" and that any further delay would be harmful to staff and patients.
The first assistant doctors are to be given a new contract that includes changes to night and weekend work to improve care at inhospitable times.
Dr Ellen McCourt, the chair of the BMA committee for assistant doctors told reporters last night in a statement: "Assistant doctors still have serious concerns about the proposed contract, in particular that it will fuel the current workforce crisis and fail to treat all doctors fairly."
At just eight weeks remaining until the first group of doctors fall under the new contract, progress must be made and time is running out.
Efforts by the BMA to resolve the disputes through talks met with the government's reluctance to participate, and sometimes on deafening silence.
This was the result of a promise that Jeremy Hunt had made only last month that his door would always be open.
'Jeremy Hunt must act now, lift the imposition and address the concerns of assistant doctors. '
If he fails to do so, the assistant doctors have made it clear that they are willing to carry out further industrial action.
The latest strike in late April saw a reprieve of nearly 13,000 routine operations and 100,000 appointments, as nurses and specialist doctors were included to provide cover to doctors on the strike pot chain.
Ministers had hoped to end the dispute over the changes by adopting the reformed contract with the officials of the British Medical Association.
The BMA wants a better weekly wage for the 54,000 assistant doctors who will be subject to the contract.
Daniel Mortimer, director general of NHS staff, urged assistant doctors to end the strike.
Mr Mortimer said: "Labour force measures do not achieve any of the little, but already charge over-burdened teams and service providers, and prepare patients, nurses and their families only to worry, distress and interruption."
Over the past two months, we have spoken to the committee of assistant doctors and responded positively to concerns about guardianship and whistleblowing with the Department of Health and other ministries.
Employers hoped that continued positive engagement on other major issues - such as posting, flexibility in training, additional training for those returning from a professional timeout, mutual recognition of the curriculum, training leave and the gender pay gap in medicine - were a sign of how serious employers, Health Education England and the Department of Health were about complying with the agreements with the BMA in November, February and May.
The £2-per-day drug that can cut heart attack risk
Thousands of heart attack patients will benefit from a £2-per-day drug after it was recommended by authorities to administer this more people for an extended period of time.
The clotting drug Ticagrelor reduces the risk of repeated heart attacks for people with a heart disease.
The drug is already administered for 12 months after a heart attack, reducing the risk of a stroke or another heart attack.
The NHS's regulator NICE has recommended a four year intake to further reduce the risk of cardiovascular problems.
The NHS's regulator NICE has recommended a four year intake to further reduce the risk of cardiovascular problems.
Some 140,000 people suffer a heart attack every year and a quarter of them suffer another heart attack or a stroke.
Heart attacks and strokes are caused by collections of fetal material in the arterial walls that form bellies.
When the filler breaks apart, it can cause a blood clotting that clogs the blood flow to the heart, causing a heart attack.
When the blood clots dissolves, it can flow through the bloodstream and clog the blood flow to the brain, causing a stroke.
People who have already had a heart attack are subject to a higher risk of another.
Ticagrelor, which is manufactured by British company AstraZeneca and distributed under the trade name Brilique, reduces that risk by making the formation of blood clots less likely.
NICE's draft pick, published today, recommends a 12-month intake of 90mg of Ticagrelor, followed by 60mg with a twice daily intake of aspirin for the next three years.
Professor Carole Longson, director of the NICE Health Technology Evaluation Centre said: "Despite the availability of secondary prevention, a quarter of all people who have suffered a heart attack have another heart attack or a stroke - often with disastrous consequences."
Fear of a renewed heart attack can have a significant negative impact on a person's quality of life.
Experience shows that Ticagrelor, in combination with aspirin, is effective in reducing further heart attacks and strokes in people who have already had a heart attack.
Through a preliminary recommendation from Ticagrelor, we are pleased that we are able to expand available treatment options to thousands of people who can benefit from it.
The information on the effectiveness and safety of Ticagrelor - especially the risk of bleeding - is limited to a period of up to three years.
Culture of Political Correctness allows electoral fraud to flourish in Muslim neighborhoods
The former mayor of Tower Hamlets Lutfur Rahman was removed from office last year at the instigation of a government report for corruption
A culture of political correctness has meant that widespread voter fraud in Muslim communities is knowingly ignored, as a damning government report revealed today.
Former cabinet member Sir Eric Pickles is verbally attacking the police, election observers and town halls for ignoring evidence of electoral abuse due to "over-sensitivities regarding ethnicity and religion."
The former minister for integration and local government, who is now an anti-corruption king, said that intimidating voters from religious motives would be so bad that police should be allowed to set up shutters outside polling booths to protect intimidated voters.
He recommends that voters should carry an ID to prove their identity in elections.
At the moment, a voter only has to name his name and address.
The report suggests not wearing removable ink on a person's finger when they cast their election vote to prevent anyone from voting twice.
Whistleblowers should be given more protection, says Sir Eric.
He calls for the press to have more access to community records and decisions from non-official committees or working groups.
"This serves not only against electoral fraud, but also to protect local government from the broader corruption and financial fraud culture that comes with it," he said.
The report was ordered by Downing Street as a result of the Tower Hamlets election scandal in east London.
Last year, a special electoral court ruled that the current mayor, Lutfur Rahman, should be removed from his office after a litany of corrupt and illegal practices.
The court found that Rahman "would have perverted" the religious feelings of his Muslim community "in a cynical manner" and that he would have silenced his critics with racism and Islamophobic abuse.
Rahman is said to have "run his campaign on the basis that it is the reliever duty of Muslims to elect him."
Up to 300 votes were either doubtful or the consequence of an imitation where a person chooses as someone else.
Sir Eric said that there was evidence of fraud across the country.
He was particularly alarming about the fraudulent briefing - where older members of the Muslim community had put pressure on people to choose a candidate of their choice.
Sir Eric, pictured, made several recommendations to clean up the electoral system, including driving out ways to prove identity
His report said: "As evidence has been given that pressure has been put on vulnerable members of some ethnic minorities, particularly women and young people, to vote according to the will of the elderly, particularly communities with a Pakistani or Bangladeshi background.
"There were concerns that... state institutions had knowingly ignored such behaviour as a result of" politically correct "oversensitivities regarding ethnicity and religion."
Sir Eric spoke to 50 recommendations to clean up the system, including the ban on political activists editing briefing papers to stop "election harvests."
The report, which is being considered by Theresa May, also requires tougher registration reviews to prevent the electoral register from being used on immigration and social fraud purposes.
Consider options to ask voters before the election according to your ID.
Don't use removable ink on a person's finger as soon as they cast their vote to prevent anyone from voting twice.
Carry out systematic reviews of a person's nationality to ensure they are eligible to vote.
A three-year limit on requests for an automatic postal vote.
Ban that political activists process full postal elections and envelopes of postal elections.
Give the police the power to set up shutdowns around polling stations.
A change in the law that facilitates a charge of intimidation under the Representation of the People Act 1983.
Ban on photography at polling stations.
Requirement that only English can be used in the polling stations (with the exception of Wales).
Intensifying training to ensure that staff enforce the rule that voters go to the polling booth on their own.
Sir Eric falls over the Metropolitan Police and finds it "amazing" that no criminal charges have been filed after the Tower Hamlets case.
"The electoral court has declared Lutfur Rahman and his deputy to be unfit due to a litany of corrupt and illegal practices," he said.
He was found guilty for a number of reasons, in accordance with the high requirements in the criminal proceedings.
He also criticizes the ineffective "abortion controls" of the town halls "electoral registration departments.
Sir Eric said: "The court ruling in Tower Hamlets from last year was a warning signal.
Our country, as the mother of parliaments, has a proud heritage, but the worrying and covert spread of electoral fraud and denial by some authorities threaten this reputation.
Crazy for Kates cyclist's doughnut and other famous doughnuts from Olympic athletes in Rio
Fans of the 2016 Olympics in Rio have come out this week over French cyclist Pauline Ferrand-Prevot out of bounds and band, which has proved to be an impressive double in the Duchess of Cambridge.
But the 24-year-old Olympian this summer is far from the only one to have gold fighting athlete who has his own famous doughnuts - at least not if you're allowed to believe social media.
In honor of the Rio Olympics and all the famous faces currently flung on our screens, FEMAIL has created a list of Olympians that have more than just a certain resemblance to Hollywood celebrities.
The Hunter and the Wolf: Team member of the U.S. team in archery Brady Ellison, left, has been compared to Leonardo DiCaprio since his childhood
Apart from Kates's double-hitter on the bike race, many people on the internet pointed out how a certain archer could be the twin of A-Promi Leonardo DiCaprio.
The team member of the U.S. team in archery Brady Ellison has caused a rush on Twitter after images on which he sees the Wolf of Wall Street star look incredibly similar.
In fact, the Archers got the madness on social media and admitted that he has already heard since his childhood that he looks like Leo.
"I myself don't see much resemblance, with the exception of facial hair," Brady told the Huffington Post.
'he's a good-looking guy, so I probably take that as a compliment. '
One of the most popular comparisons since London 2012 will no doubt be even more central this year: The rising resemblance between British wicketkeeper Greg Rutherford and popular actor Neil Patrick Harris.
Russian turner Aliya Mustafina, with her large, expressive eyes, is said to be able to go through as a double-runner for Cuban-American singer Gloria Estefan.
And in the swimming pool, South African swimmer Cameron van der Burgh has been compared to Glee star Matthew Morrison for years.
A gear higher: This user believes that Nathan is the 'athletic version' of the Inception actor
Another lingering comparison was drawn between tennis star Rafael Nadal and actor Josh Hartnett, who has similarly severe eyebrows and lips.
Russian silver medallist Yulia Efimova points out more than just the sun-soaked skin and blond hair as the actress Annalynne McCord, while American Nathan Adrian was attuned by fans, an "athletic version of Joseph Gordon Levitt."
Strong women: Soccer star Hope Solo, left, and Dexter actress Jennifer Carpenter, right, have a similar facial shape and eyes
Not the only one: One Twitter user was very happy that others noticed the similarities as well
Theory put in the room: According to this user, there may be a reason for the couple's likeness
One Twitter user explained her satisfaction that "the rest of the internet thinks that Hope Solo and Jennifer Carpenter are nearly identical."
In fact, US soccer star Hope Solo and the Dexter actress Jennifer Carpenter have an incredibly similar facial shape and eyes.
Other popular comparisons included Kerri Walsh-Jennings and her smile, which is nearly identical to that of actress Laura Linney as well as the gold medallist in the turkey Gabby Douglas, which features her own gorgeous, wide smile that resembles that of Bring It On Star Gabrielle Union.
CBC commentator for the Olympics apologises for his statement that Chinese swimmer "died like a pig"
Byron MacDonald's analysis of the fourth place of 14-year-old Ai Yanhan at dr 4x200m free-form swimming squadron outraged viewers of the CBC live broadcast of the Olmypal Games on Wednesday
Canadian broadcaster CBC had to apologise after one of its commentators said that the 14-year-old Chinese swimmer "went off like tenants" and during the race like "a pig died."
The commentator Byron MacDonalds thought that his microphone was switched off when he cast his own opinions at the end of the 4x200m free-form swimming squadron.
Macdonald, who had been picked to the commentary team of the CBS on board to lend more "color," could be heard saying: "This little 14-year-old Chinesin has lost the connection, baby."
Too excited, went off like Mief, died like a pig.
Thank you for that.
Chinese swimmer Ai Yanhan, 14, swam the second leg of the swimming squadron 1: 57.79 - 1.61 seconds slower than Canada's Taylor Ruck, which allowed Canadians to close the gap with China.
Viewers across Canada reacted quickly online after being shocked by the tone and language
Emmett Macfarlane tweeted, "Has the CBC commentator just said that the 14-year-old swimmer from China" died like a pig "????
The idiot hasn't captioned that they were still on show. '
Ai Yanhan from China was described at the final 4 x 200m free-form swimming squadron for women: "This little 14-year-old Chinesin has lost the connection, baby."
The criticism against Byron MacDonald on Twitter came fast and hard, with many asking him to speak
Twitter users didn't hold back when they heard how insensitive Byron MacDonald was
Another Twitter user Sarah Paradis wrote: "WoW, # ByronMacDonald.
You represent the CBC and Canada and let us all look like racists. # angeekelt.
A short time later, Scott Russel, who moderated the CBC broadcast, apologised live for MacDonald's comment and said: "We apologise that the comment was broadcast on a swimming performance."
It was an unfortunate chosen phrase, we're sorry it happened. '
CBC apologized at the end over 90 times among the people who responded to the notices on Twitter
The commentator's colleague Scott Russel had to apologise on behalf of MacDonald
CBC coped and added his apology to more than 90 other Twitter users who had complained about MacDonald's comments
The network also quickly apologized and issued a message.
We sincerely regret that these statements were made and that it was made possible for them to be broadcast.
We quickly apologised to our viewers on show and our followers on social media last night.
To make one thing clear, Byron's comments related to the performance of the swimmer and not to her as a person.
However, they were inappropriate and an ill-chosen wording, and Byron is very sorry for what he has said.
On Thursday afternoon, MacDonald apologized in the broadcast and tried to justify his remark by saying that it was not his intention for it to be interpreted as a personal attack.
"I'd like to take a moment to apologise for the comment I made after the women's swimming staffer in the CBC Olympian, he said.
'i was referring to the performance of the swimmer and not to her as a person. '
Of course, no disregard was intended and I'm very sorry. '
Buyers in Primark outraged by woman who tries shamelessly underwear in the middle of the shop
Buyers didn't know where they should look when a woman pulled out her clothes in the midst of a Primark to try undergarments.
To make the situation worse, she mustled as she looked into it, pulled her out and put it back on the shelf.
She continued to stab and tried four pairs of undergarments in a shop at the Bouverie Place shopping centre in Folkestone.
The Primark shop at the Bouverie Place shopping centre in Folkestone where the woman tried the undergarments before putting it back on the shelf
A mother of two children, Jenny Davidson, who was in the business at the same time, said that after the mysterious woman had tried the underwear, "she moved back in and left the business without buying anything."
She said: "People couldn't believe what they saw."
Standing in the middle of the sales floor, she took a pair of undergarments from the outlay, pulled out her own tights and trousers and tried them.
'She didn't even try to find a slightly more discreet place to do it - she just stood there, freaking like Oskar. '
'Everyone stared when she pulled out the undergarments that obviously didn't like her as she put her back on the shelf. '
She repeated the same with three more undergarments before she finally decided that she didn't like anything, pulled up again and went out.
'She didn't seem to bother that she was watching someone - or thinking about the person who, in some circumstances, would buy the undergarments she had tried. '
Ms Davidson, 33, who lives in Kent, said: "How disgusting to think that someone would take undergarments with home who had a different person and who were not washed."
The incident occurred on Tuesday afternoon.
Ms Davidson added: "As I got involved, the staff tried to pull the garments out of the sale after she went - which is just as good."
'i'd hate to go home with a new pair of undergarments and find out that another woman had her and pulled it out again and they weren't washed. '
A spokesman for Primark said: "Primark is aware of the incident, which occurred on Tuesday, August 9 at our branch in Folkstone."
All the products in question have been pulled from the sale.
How to protect yourself with Krav Maga from gun attacks
The world outside is a dangerous place, but this video from Dailymail.com could make him a little safer for you.
We spoke to Rhon Mizrachi, a grandmaster of the Krav Maga Association in New York, to find out how to deal with armed robbers at near distance.
Regardless of whether you're approaching you from the front or from behind, this video will show you how to turn the mirror around for your robber.
If you look at you from behind, you should first turn around so you can see your attacker and "get out of the firing line," Mizrachi says.
Then seize the gun between your front arm and your shoulder before hitting him in the face with your free elbow.
Then beat him with his knee in the bar and twist, while the assailant curls up in pain, put the gun out of his hands, beat him with the run in the face and move backwards while they put the gun on him.
With attackers approaching from the front, the technique is similar - move your body out of the firing line, seize the gun and twist it, so the attacker can't shoot.
At the same time, shift the weight to the gun and beat the attacker on the chest, then twist the gun out of his grip before moving backwards and turning the gun on him.
Sounds difficult?
Watch the video to see exactly how it predates Mizrachi.
But remember that in the case of a robbery, it is safest to hand over your money - unless you are a Krav Maga grandmaster.
Traveller Ian Wright shakes his tongue at the dirtiest places in Europe for a guidebook
A British traveller subjected his immune system and strangereflex to a serious test - by licking some of the dirtiest and most disgusting places in Europe.
The presenter and travel writer Ian Wright, 51, from Suffolk snapped his wake on a euro note, a railing at Piccadilly Circus, a flush button of a train toilet as well as a public phone in Russia to demonstrate the resilience of his immune system.
Before licking each object, he used a Luminometer to show himself and us what he is going to engage in.
But the experiment, which was filmed under the title "The Lickhiker's Guide to Inner Strength," brought some surprising results to daylight.
The thought of leaking the flush button of a train toilet, which has already been used by thousands of others, may be completely repellent, but in fact there are more bad bacteria in a kitchen sink.
On his journey through Europe, Mr Wright spoke to doctors and medical professionals about the promotion of intestinal bacteria, as well as about his own health.
Fortunately, nothing left him livid, more than a bad aftertaste in the mouth.
Mr Wright became known for testing the resilience of his intestines by travelling through the world and ate strange as well as wonderful things.
From public vows at train stations to flushing buttons of toilets, the task definitely put his immune system under a sample
In the film, he told me: "Already as a child I was relatively unconcerned about my health and I put all sorts of things in my mouth, earth, worms and mud water."
In the film, he definitely lived up to his reputation.
The only thing he rejected was a dirty public toilet in Russia.
His trial cut showed a luminosity figure of over 4,000 units.
In comparison, the Luminometer number of freshly washed hands is less than 60.
But there was a Russian toilet that he refused to lick after her Luminometer number was over 4,000 units, while freshly washed hands have one of less than 60
Mr Wright and the Finnish maker of dairy products Valio produced the travel film "The Lickhiker's Guide to Inner Strength," which shows the bacteria count in different places such as the bathroom
In the film, he says: "This comes down to the worst thing I've got in a toilet, close."
There is nothing worse than that!
I'm not going to lick anything here because it's disgusting here indoors.
"The Lickhiker's Guide to Inner Strength" was produced in collaboration with the Finnish manufacturer of dairy products Valio.
The company equips Mr Wright with Valio Gefilus, which contains both lactic acid bacteria and vitamin C and D to support the promotion of intestinal bacteria and the immune system.
Valio's senior Venice president for snacks, juices and new categories Niko Vuorenmaa says: "We really wanted to offer consumers something new.
Something that is fascinating to watch and at the same time explains the benefits of probiotics.
We carried out crazy brainstorms that ended with us saying "Lass us Ian."
They claim that interest in bowel health is becoming a global phenomenon
Instead of just talking about the products, we wanted to put them in a larger context - the good and bad bacteria in our everyday environment, the importance of bowel health and how it is linked to the immune system.
The growing interest in bowel health is a global phenomenon and with the documentary we have been able to provide consumers with more information in an interesting way.
I also think the film shows that we have a great sense of humor!
Tom HAKALA, who directed the film, added: "Let me say so - I would have lost my respect for Ian if he had yelped some of the things I instructed him to lick, just like the disgusting Russian toilet shown in the film."
Of course, there were things where it was easier to get Ian to lick them and others where this was quite difficult.
I'm glad we recorded some of these dirty treats on film. '
In a 2015 survey conducted by Valio, 84 percent of all respondents associated lactic acid bacteria in particular with the well-being of the stomach and intestines and 58 percent said they at least occasionally use products containing attached lactic acid bacteria.
Asocial family destroyed in front of Delogovernment social flat in Saltash, Cornwall
An asocial family left their social housing estate after a Delogovernment was charged with damages of £50,000 because it had terrorised their neighbours.
Tanya Skeldon and her partner Shaun Trebilcock were thrown from their property in Saltash, Cornwall, after a long list of complaints.
After being forcibly removed from their property, shocked employees of the housing association found the property in an irreparable condition.
The walls pointed out gaping holes, wooden dials were torn up, rubbish was scattered on the floor and graffiti was lubricated to the walls.
The family were resettled and it is believed she now lives in a private accommodation
Donna McEvoy, who works for home administration at Cornwall Housing, said that she feared the home would no longer be repaired.
She said: "It has been an absolute nightmare for people here and I believe that people don't have to live in this way.
There are many things to consider, as this property will probably be regarded as a not so beautiful part of Cornwall.
The family is notorious and their reputation is too.
The couple had three sons who lived in the apartment in the meantime and police said that the terror that had been inflicted on the family included street fights with baseball bats, intimidating residents, drug abuse, drug trafficking and excessive shouting, disputes and floods.
Skeldon, 47, whose name was on the rental contract, got an order for antisocial behaviour in June.
In some rooms of the house, which will be demolished in some circumstances, old rubbish was found
It was found in the property where drugs were traded in the past, the wooden dials were torn up
Neighbours said they saw them fighting on the street and regularly had to call the police
Cornwall Housing delogated her and her partner violently from the property this week after giving them an extended period of 11 weeks to voluntarily pull out.
The Delogovernment was cheered by relieved neighbours who said that their lives were made hell.
One said: "They weren't snapping around anyone."
We lived 20 years next to them and it was always bad.
The countless times we tell the police here are incredible.
'This morning we couldn't sleep. '
We stood up because it was so quiet here - we're not used to that!
Now that they're finally gone, it will be nice.
Adam Fitzpatrick, Neighbourhood Enforcement Manager of Cornwall Housing, said that the family had failed to cooperate with local authorities.
The family lived in the house, to which police were called at regular intervals, 20 years on
On the overgrown side of the community house, rubbish and old toys were thrown down
He added: "It is a disgrace that the tenant failed to accept any responsibility for their behaviour and that of their family, as a Delogovernment is always the final step considering Cornwall Housing.
This was a very difficult case, as the behaviour was extreme and their actions had to be terrible to watch for their neighbours.
I appreciate all the work that has been done by my team, the Devon and Cornwall Police, as well as members of the community who have bravely joined us and have provided us with the information.
I hope that this development will give some comfort to some neighbours and convey the message that antisocial behaviour will not be tolerated.
Fitzpatrick said that all three sons had lived in the house at different times, but that they were all over 20.
A dirty mattress left on the floor in one of the house's bedrooms according to the Delogovernment
Workers at the home administration will now have to clean up rubbish mountains that surround the house
In 2014, police conducted a raid in the house and found over 70g of cannabis as well as scales, paraphernalia and cash in excess of £1,700.
Skeldon received a fine after pleading guilty to possession of a Class B drug in trade review.
She claimed that the money was for a gravestone of her son, Lee Skeldon, who was killed in a car crash in 2013.
After being without shelter, it is assumed that Tanya and her partner are now living in a private accommodation in Plymouth.
Many room walls of the house were coated with graffiti.
Police say she will deloculate tenants who don't adhere to the house order
Angela Crow of Devon and Cornwall Police said that the Delogovernment was a clear warning to the other tenants who did not abide by the house order.
"This goes to those who think they can behave without self-reproach, as well as to those who have been harmed by such behaviour," she said.
Devon and Cornwall Police will never tolerate criminal and antisocial behaviour that will continue to work with partners to protect our communities.
Tourists in Portugal panicked after a tieffing military jet flies over beach
Sun worshippers in Aveiro, Portugal experienced the shock of their lives
A Portuguese-based P-3C Orion aircraft of the Air Force put down an incredible storm flight
The Air Force said that it was on a training flight but insisted there was no safety risk
This was the moment terrified tourists start to panic after a tipped jet crashed over a full beach.
Dramatic video footage showed how the military plane flew almost in tangible proximity over the sun's ankles on the beach section in Aveiro in northern Portugal.
Holidaymakers sped up when they understandably began to worry about the noise of the jet engines without first seeing what was coming through the clouds on them.
The incident occurred yesterday afternoon in Costa Nova, near Aveiro.
Daniel Fernandes, one of the many holidaymakers who posted videos about the dramatic fly-by on social media, said: "It flew twice really very deep and there was a moment when it looked like it was going to crash."
Nuno Arroja added: "I was just surfing and it felt like the plane was falling down on me."
Tourists on Aveiro beach were panicked when the plane came out of the darkness and flew incredibly deep
The Portuguese Air Force said today that the pilot of the P-3C Orion aircraft was on a training flight to identify fishing boats off the coast and had to fly so deep that this was the only way to recognize them.
The spokesman said that due to poor visibility, the jet flew slightly deeper than usual due to poor visibility, however the Air Force insisted that security was at no time at risk.
Wildfires destroyed parts of the Portuguese mainland this summer, which also killed four people on the island of Madeira.
The Portuguese Air Force said today that the pilot had to fly so deep due to the conditions - heavy fog and fire smoke - which restricted his view
The plane was on a training flight where the pilot had to identify fishing boats as part of the exercise
Supercup: Barca with concerns about Sevilla
Sevilla - FC Barcelona are fighting for the first step to the first title win in the new football season on Sunday.
The Catalans compete in the dugout for the Spanish Supercup against FC Sevilla, the replay rising three days later at the Camp Nou.
The doublewinner has to give up in the crofting dinner with the outspoken Cupfinalist and ruling Europa League champion among others on Neymar, who is disputing the Olympic football tournament with Brazil.
Also missing is Goalie Marc-Andre ter Stegen.
The German suffered a blizzard in the knee in training, making the one-on-one issue at Barca, at least for now, cleared in favour of Claudio Bravo.
The Chilean International and Ter Stegen have been competing for status as number one in Barcelona for two years.
Coach Luis Enrique has so far refrained from making a clear decision in this respect, leaving Bravo in the league, but Ter Stegen takes the lead in most of the remaining contests.
Before the first must-win of the new season, at the Spanish Masters, there are doubts about the fitness condition of the team, which was humiliated at 0-4 on Saturday in a Test match by Liverpool.
Even at 3-2 in the Probegalopp against Sampdoria on Wednesday, Lionel Messi and co still didn't really know how to convince.
Sevilla, in turn, have to digest the 2-3 defeat after extension in the European Supercup against Real Madrid and is aiming for the second triumph at the "Supercopa de Espana."
Barcelona, with eleven successes so far, are the record winners in this competition.
Ma Long in a separate league to table tennis gold
Rio de Janeiro - The Chinese Ma Long is the new table tennis Olympic champion.
The 27-year-old defeated his compatriot and "defending champion" Zhang Jike 4-0 (12.5.4.4) on Thursday in Rio de Janeiro in a one-sided final.
As a result, the world number one picked up the "Golden Grand Slam" with successes at World Cup, World Cup, World Tour finals tournament and just Olympics.
Bronze went to the Japanese Jun Mizutani.
The two Chinese made it into the final game as expected, and made the title among themselves.
As a result, it was clear that, for the third time in a row, a Chinese would score the singles title in the sign of the Five Rings.
Last non-Chinese on the top Olympic treble was former SVS-NÖ-Legionnaire Ryu Seung-min of South Korea.
Ma and Zhang were left at the plate alone, between the sets and at time-outs they had no coaches at themselves.
Those had withdrawn to the grandstand and left their trenches in fair competition on their own.
'the matches up to here I've played for my country. '
"In the final, I'm playing for me," Zhang had said logically.
After the match, gold and silver medallists posed with the China flag.
The match itself was unexpectedly one-sided.
Ma had really struggled with his 28-year-old opponent only in the first set.
After that, he determined the pace at the plate and left Zhang from there only a total of 13 points.
By the superiority of Ma did not develop the expected stirring match.
But there were nevertheless plenty of breathtaking ball changes to see.
Mizutani won the game for bronze against 40-year-old Vladimir Samsonow 4: 1.
The Belarussian had grabbed a rib injury in his quarter-final against German European champion Dimitrij Ovtcharov, was in medical treatment afterwards, had to "ultimately" settle with sheet metal.
By the way, the Swedes Jan-Ove Waldner (38 / 2004) and Jörgen Persson (42 / 2008) were in similarly high table tennis.
Donald Trump acknowledges ″ huge problems ″ in campaign
The US Republican leadership is plagued by massive worries about losing their majority even in traditionally conservative states.
Presidential candidate Donald Trump has now admitted weaknesses in his election campaign in the previous Republican stronghold of Utah.
A rare moment in which the normally pompous and self-confident multimillionaire expressed something like concerns, as correspondents reported.
Having thrown 16 rivals within his own Republican camp out of the race, there are now growing doubts about his success in the battle for the White House.
"We have huge problems in Utah," Trump told evangelical Christians he asked for support in major states like Ohio, Florida or Virginia.
Blaming false reports about his candidacy, he again took on his well-known media scorn.
Republican strongholds wobble
Utah is normally a safe bank for Republicans.
According to a survey by SurveyUSA from June, Trump and his rival from the Democrats, Hillary Clinton, equalised.
Other institutions see Trump ahead, though not with the distance that is common for Republican candidates in the state.
Arizona and Georgia are also considered to be at risk.
In an interview on CNBC, Trump responded to the question of how he wanted to stop Clinton's advance again: "Just as I've done so far."
And snaps afterwards: This will "either be successful, or I will make a very nice, long holiday."
He doesn't do anything other than "telling the truth."
If it wasn't enough for him in the end for reasons of political correctness, that's OK, Trump said.
Then I return to a very good way of life.
According to press reports, the Trump party is said to have threatened to scrap funds to support his campaign should he not be able to present better polls.
Instead, they want to give more support to the Republican candidates for Congress.
Olympics: Triple fraud in doping test
The IOC wants to set up a disciplinary commission on the case.
Kenya's athletics faces mischief after the second doping affair at the Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro.
After a fraud attempt at a doping check in the Olympic Village, Kenya sent a coach home.
The International Olympic Committee was told to immediately set up a disciplinary commission to investigate the case.
A Kenyan official had been told that the former sprinter and current coach, John Anzrah, gave a urine sample in the Olympic Village under the name of the 800-meter runner Ferguson Rotich.
This was reported to Kenya's team management by the doping inspectors.
The world governing body IAAF has asked the IOC for information about the case to initiate its own investigations, an IAAF spokesman said.
"Depending on the results of the investigation and the subsequent actions of the IOC, the IAAF will make an assessment," they said in an IAAF statement.
"He (Anzrah) went to the doping control station and turned out to be Ferguson Rotich, cast and signed the sample," explained Kenya's chef de mission Stephan Arap Soi.
He was in possession of the athlete's accreditation, which was on the list for the training controls of the World Anti-Doping Agency.
Ferguson Rotich had become World Cup fourth over 800 metres in 2015 in Beijing.
Four days earlier, Kenyan athletics delegation chief Michael Rotich was withdrawn from the Rio Games.
He is said to have informed against money-paying athletes from his country about pending doping tests.
According to media reports, he is said to have been arrested on his return at Nairobi airport.
Kenya has been under special observation at the IOC after numerous doping offences.
In announcing the more than 2,000 doping target checks set up by the IOC before the Rio Games, it has been unusually pointed out beforehand that especially athletes from Kenya and Russia are being targeted.
The World Anti-Doping Agency had put a lot of pressure on the African country before the Summer Games in Brazil to create an anti-doping law and a functioning control system.
The law was passed a few weeks before the Olympics began.
As a result, WADA took Kenya from the list of countries whose doping control is compliant with WADA rules.
Kenya is considered a great runner nation.
The country's athletics won the most medals at the 2015 World Cup in Beijing.
In a series of television reports by ARD, there have been repeated accusations that doping funds are easily accessible in Kenya and there should be a significant mentality of sports fraud.
IOC member Richard Pound recently called for a similar investigation in Kenya as he employed them in Russian athletics.
It has been shown that this sport has been widely and systematically doped in this sport.
Russia's athletics were subsequently excluded from the Summer Games.
Salzburg's "West Side Story" with Cecilia Bartoli
In the Shakespeare year, the Salzburg Festival will present the "West Side Story" with Tony and Maria as a tragic daredevil, similar to Romeo and Juliet.
With a surprising Cecilia Bartoli.
A musical conquers Salzburg: The "West Side Story," Leornard Bernstein's masterpiece.
The artistic director, Cecilia Bartoli, wanted to bring the musical to the Temple of the Classic and fulfilled a youth dream with the role of Mary.
In the orchestral dig the Simón Bolívar orchestra led by the venezonal conductor Gustavo Dudamel: "This music is full of rhythm," he shrugs.
We always say that it is very Latin American.
There are a lot of Latin American ingredients in their pace and their tune.
It's a wonderful mix, the perfect recipe for our orchestra.
I would say that we really have Bernstein's music in our blood!
In this staging, Bartoli plays an older Mary.
She remembers with grudge to her loved one with Tony, while the younger Maria plays and dances.
The role of Maria has always fascinated me.
First, because she's musically extraordinary!
And then there would be Mariah's personality.
She says it in her song: "I feel pretty, oh so pretty, I feel pretty and witty and bright."
So she is wise, of course, naive, and very passionate.
"She resembles me very much, my Italian character, which I have as a Roman in," laughs Bartoli.
Dudamel is full of praise for the opera singer: "Cecilia is a wonderful artist."
It's such an honour for us to work with her.
She's an immensely generous man.
And Bartoli returns the compliment: "Dudamel is such an extraordinary artist and very passionate!"
Conducting is a necessity for him.
You see it in every one of his movements, in his looks, it's his life!
It's such a huge opportunity to be able to share this musical experience with him.
We both have a more southern temperament, a fire, a passion and also a cheerful approach to life, which is very important at all!
For American director Philip Wm. McKinley, the "West Side Story" is highly topical: "This piece is about prejudice and fanaticism."
Today we have the refugees, at the time the Puertorians went to New York, and the New York residents didn't want them.
It's the same issues, and they're just as meaningful today as they were then.
59 years later, the play is still relevant.
London schoolgirl who joined Islamic State was killed in Syria
Kadiza Sultana, one of three British schoolgirls who left London last year to join IS, reportedly died in Syria.
The lawyer, Tasnime Akunjee, said that her family learned of her death in Raqqa, Syria a few weeks ago.
It was believed she was killed by a Russian airstrike in Raqqa, the bulwark of the group in the country, ITV News reported on Thursday.
Sultana was 17 years old and died, according to her family, shortly after she pretended to leave the war-torn country and return to England.
"One can only hope that the only good thing in it is - as a reminder and warning to others that these are the risks associated with going to a war zone - stopping people from ever making that decision," Akunjee said.
In February 2015, Sultana and two other schoolgirls from east London stepped into a plane towards Turkey and then into a bus to the Syrian border.
Sultanah's family have been told she married an ISIS fighter in Syria - and became a widow within a few months.
Reid says Clinton will remain as a candidate for the Supreme Court in the case of an election victory at Garland
Harry Reid, leader of Democrats in the Senate, is convinced that Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton will nominate Judge Merrick Garland for the Supreme Court.
Senate Republicans have blocked Garland's confirmation since his nomination by Barack Obama in March.
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell believes that the next president will appoint the successor to the late judge on Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia.
Reid said Thursday during a conference call that he expects Clinton to select Garland "with a degree of certainty."
A spokeswoman for Reid later said that he had not yet spoken to Clinton whether she would nominate Garland and he was speculating.
He praised Garland and said Clinton's team would not cause unrest with a new candidate.
Garland is the chief judge for the U.S. appellate court for the District of Columbia.
RAID said Republicans who blocked Garland's nomination are Lakers and heroines of Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump.
He also noted that Donald Trump is unsuitable for president.
Treats want nude kalendar for "women and for men"
The Treats magazine is working with photographer David Bellemere to bring out a 1970s Pirelli-inspired Kalendar for 2017.
But instead of famous naked people, they would like to find the next generation of top models for their NU Muses Kalendar for 2017.
The editor-in-chief of Treats Steve Shaw told us earlier this year that his nude magazine was distinguishable from Oldschool Playboys, since "Playboy is for men."
I do this for women.
He seems to believe that the Kalendar does, too.
"We need to return to the display of timeless and classic nudity, where both women and men feel comfortable and feel inspired by these images of a female body," Shaw said in a press release on the release of the Kalendars.
Women will want to participate in this project because it is a wonderful work of art.
Models can submit their pictures online or in person at open casting call in Los Angeles and New York.
Turkey: Kurdish community expects mass exodus
"If you don't adapt and Erdogan praises, sit on packed suitcases," says the chairman of the Gülen-nearby Foundation Dialogue and World, Ercan Karakoyun.
The Kurdish community of Germany reckons in the short term with tens of thousands of protection seekers fleeing from Turkey to Germany.
In the medium term, it could even become "a few hundred thousand," believes the association's president, Ali Toprak.
Because of the crackdown by Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan following the coup attempt, the Kurdish community of Germany is expecting a mass exodus to Germany.
"In the short term, I expect tens of thousands, in the medium term, with a few hundred thousand protection seekers from Turkey in Germany, if the Erdogan regime continues to fight the minorities and the democratic opposition," says the association's chairman Ali Toprak of the "World" Friday.
Because the government has already covered Kurdish strongholds with punitive actions months ago, 500,000 Kurds inside Turkey are on the run.
After the thwarted coup, there would still be secular and opposition ethnic Turks.
Many will want to start anew in Europe if they continue to be suppressed in Turkey.
"It cannot be that a state that even takes in refugees produces refugees in their own country," Toprak said.
The union chief lamented the targeted settlement of Syrian Arabs in Kurdish, but also in alevitic cities.
As a result, Erdogan wants to increase the exit pressure on the remaining Kurds.
"They are the last large minority in Turkey, the Christian Armenians and Greeks have already been eradicated or displaced in the past hundred years," said Toprak, who is also a CDU member.
The union chief called for the federal government to "position itself as sharply as Austria against Erdogan and its supporters."
In Germany, too, a "witch hunt" is taking place against Erdogan's critics.
I don't feel safe in Germany for the first time in the last few months.
The German branch of the Gülen movement also fears the escape of many Turks abroad.
More Turks will seek asylum in Germany, especially Kurds and opposition activists.
The branding as a Gülen supporter wiped out teachers and other academics' professional existence.
"Those who don't adapt and Erdogan praises are sitting on packed suitcases, by the way, the Kemalists and secularists," said Ercan Karakoyun, chairman of the Gülen-affiliated Foundation of Dialogue and Education, the "World."
As the newspaper reported, citing figures from the federal interior ministry, the Turks already represented the largest group of asylum seekers recognised for political persecution in Germany before the coup.
On the cut-off date of 30 June, this figure was 11,386 people, accounting for almost 29% of all those eligible for asylum (39,625).
This survey does not include those fleeing war, poverty or lack of perspective.
Asylum rights under the Basic Law are exclusively political, in other words from the state side, individually persecuted.
Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania: "Go where it hurts"
Strange Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania: Locals don't get anything from the summer campaign - and holidaymakers from North Rhine-Westphalia are not allowed to vote the country day.
In Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania, they understood.
In 2021, the assembly election will not take place again directly at the end of the summer holidays, the Schwerin Parliament has already decided earlier this year.
Because stupid as yet, it's not: Summer holidays, heat and land election campaign - that is biting.
The locals, who are to be persuaded by the campaign fighters, are on holiday.
The vast majority of holidaymakers who are in the country, on Usedom, Rügen or Hiddensee, are not locals, so are not allowed to choose the country day.
In addition, there are practical problems: During the holidays, aid workers who hang up posters, blow up balloons, distribute flyers and, in the end, count out votes, only to find out.
Until September 4, 2016, the election and last day of the holiday, Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania will have to continue campaigning narrowly on the people.
The hot phase, if you can say that at all, has just begun.
And it is also about something: Prime Minister Erwin Sellering, leader of a SPD / CDU coalition, must fear for his office.
The SPD, the strongest party since 1998, is now clearly behind the CDU in polls.
What's exciting is how heavily novice AfD is cutting off and what's left in the end of coalition dust.
Sellering, 66 years old and has been chief executive since 2008, makes an almost unobtrusive campaign, you can see from his big posters.
He travels through the country, handing out roses and chatting a little with the people, just as his legendary predecessor Harald Ringstorff did.
Otherwise, Seelering has got cold feet and is blaming Chancellor Merkel for the flourish of the AfD.
Her refugee policy, her "We create this" has accelerated the rise of right-wing populists, which will now probably cost him the beautiful office.
The CDU with its top job, the Interior Minister Lorenz Caffier, has already seen how it is when you are campaigning in the right place at the wrong time.
She has twice invited Chancellor Angela Merkel to major rallies; Merkel's general election constituency is in the north-east.
But the target group did not agree, it was more North Rhine-Westphalia, Berlin and Saxony there as Mecklenburger and Vorpommern.
"There was probably the majority from other federal states," complained Vincent Kokert, general secretary of the CDU in Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania, recently in NDR.
But it does not pity anyone from other corners of Germany to listen to Angela Merkel.
Otherwise, the Northeast CDU largely abandons the usual campaign stalls in marketplaces and in front of shopping malls with parasols and balloons.
This, Kokert argues, only plays a "subordinate role."
The Union, too, has realised that it is crumbling down the ground in the country, that it has to make a great effort to find a wire to the people again.
It is like the left, the SPD, the Greens: There is little in the country's expanses.
However, the council of the CDU election campaigner Kokert to his co-workers is also self-exposing: "You have to go where it hurts, which is where the people are: Dorffeste, Golden Weddings, every birthday party must be used."
Because much is at stake, Sellering has now called his SPD into a particularly dedicated campaign.
In polls, the Social Democrats were last with 22 per cent behind partner CDU (25) and just ahead of the AfD (19).
In the 2011 election, the SPD still clearly won by 35.6 percent before the CDU (22).
The Greens, small party with seven per cent in the polls, are likely to make the leap into the country day.
They make a modern virtue out of the holiday need and largely move their campaign to the Internet.
"Online campaigning," it calls the country's president, Claudia Müller.
Otherwise, green election campaigners are embarking on track-searching for native voting citizens among holidaymakers.
Silke Gajek, the front-runner, just curls with a houseboat through the mecklenburgian lakes and still finds it beautiful.
Her impression: "Election holiday in Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania is not a punishment."
B27 clean-up: Restaurants suffer from lockdown
At the speed with which the B 27 is rehabilitated, there is nothing to meckle.
For those in charge of the construction works, which start at 5.30am in the morning and only end at around 8pm, there is widespread praise.
"They made it all pretty zacky," Elvira Tetzlaff told the jet petrol station.
This is a super team.
There is no delay either.
The construction site could be moved to the south at the beginning of the week at half-time, until the end of October everything should be ready.
There is also praise for the accommodation of those responsible for the construction work, for example when it comes to the establishment of temporary accommodation.
Since the construction site has migrated to the south on Monday and the closure of Aspergstraße in Ofterdingen has also been lifted and the connection to Rottenburg has also been restored, the traffic situation within the site has eased.
Citizens will now be able to travel from Ofterdingen to the B 27 on both sides.
The prevarication through the place seems to go back.
"There have been some significant complaints about this," says the deputy principal investigator, Florian King, responsible for the transport-related management of the clean-up.
The residents of Bachsatzstrasse, Steinlachstraße, Hafnerstraße and Weiherrain had to contend with more traffic noise because many snaps were looking and more familiar to their Navi than the signage.
Which led to some lorries being franked in residential areas.
Due to the fact that the speed limits were not respected, the municipality reinforced the measuring vehicle from Mössingen.
"There were significant transgressions," says King, who himself was knowledgeable about the location.
Two to three per minute have already been blown up.
The fastest was travelling at 77 kilometres per hour in the pace-30 zone.
Since the construction site has moved on, however, it has become calmer.
For the businessmen on the B 27, it is only a small consolation that for customers from Rottenburg, the road is now open again.
Business people don't like to look at the cards.
But that B 27 clean-up at them has led to sales slump, leaving anyone you ask to look through.
However, some are more and some less affected.
Those who have less to do with the "end customer," that is, for other companies, for whom the clean-up has little impact.
Even at the dealership of Maier, Thomas Sulz talks of a "maximum slight decline," but also acknowledges that, of course, "the running mate is missing."
The most battered are the eateries along the street.
J. Albert Göhner, owner of the Steakhouse, formerly Crown, finds clear words.
This is already existential.
Not only him, but all the restaurants hit it "hard."
It lacked customers from Hechingen, Balingen and Rottweil.
We have to be happy about every euro turnover.
The revenue loss puts it at "well over 50 percent."
Road rehabilitation has "thrown back" its operations "by two years."
Half of his staff have had to sack him.
If I had a company with 4,000 employees and half would have been sacked, politics would have reacted differently.
Instead, government president Jörg Schmidt responded to a question from Göhner about whether there could be a financial compensation, saying the restaurant would otherwise benefit from the benefits of the location on the B 27 Now they also have to bear the disadvantages caused by the clean-up.
Göhner knows of other counties where something more generous has been handled.
In all the lawsuits, Göhner is sure his restaurant will continue.
After all, the family business has been located here since 1715, it refers to its long history.
That other regular guests now look less frequently because of the complicated traffic management, he can understand.
If you can't go in, it's nice elsewhere as well.
That his regulars come back after the end of remedial work, Göhner has no doubts about that.
Despite the crises with BSE and avian flu, Göhner considers the impact of the B 27 construction work on its clientele for the biggest crisis his restaurant has experienced in its long history.
Six months of building work, that is already brutal.
Laws are constantly being slashed in the name of counter-terrorism.
After the recent attacks, Interior Minister de Maizière is now laying out a hefty security package.
But what does a tolerance status have to do with terror?
And what does the coalition partner say about all this?
Thomas de Maizière gives the conciliator.
All his proposals are "politically reasonable" to the coalition partner, the federal interior minister says at the presentation of his new security package.
They don't overcharge anyone.
Other, more far-reaching points would initially be discussed within the parties.
I am also involved in this.
As Home Secretary, however, he was keen on results and on a "recoverable consensus" within the coalition.
De Maizière took a little time to pass after the recent attacks in Würzburg and Ansbach before presenting his conclusions for security in the Republic.
But they are all the more extensive.
Some things are already known, announced, pitted: That a new security agency should take care of the crackling of encrypted communications is not new.
Nor is the fact that Germany has to implement several EU requirements on passenger data and gun law.
The call for more video surveillance and personnel for the security agencies comes as no surprise.
In part, de Maizière is launching a second attempt for proposals that have not yet been made with the SPD: He wants to criminalise sympathy advertising for terrorist groups, and jihadists with dual citizenship take the German passport.
"These will be difficult points for the SPD," the CDU man conceded.
Nevertheless, he believes that this is reasonable and does not call for anything that has no chance at all with the coalition partner.
A few new ideas presents de Maizière, too.
They have it in part: He plans fast-track procedures for deportations and more opportunities to incarcerate people from deportation.
Refugees who are targeted in the country are expected to check their smartphones before and disclose social media accounts for a security review.
In acquiescing for rejected asylum seekers, he wants to make some even worse than before - such as those who commit crimes or deliberately throw away their papers to conceal their identity.
Some of this is politically and legally sensitive.
Some of the work is still unspent and leaves questions unanswered.
And on some points - in the unequal treatment of the patient, for example - the question arises: What does this actually have to do with security and terror?
Yes, says de Maizière, it's important to differentiate between the issues of refugees and terror.
But there is no denying that the bombers of Ansbach and Würzburg were refugees.
In addition, many people were worried about safety, given the high numbers of refugees.
And things that people deeply engaged in could not be left out in campaign times as well.
Internal security has been hugely focused.
First the attacks in the neighborhood: Paris, Copenhagen, Brussels, Nice.
Then the attacks in Würzburg and Ansbach.
The uncertainty is great.
And yes, there are election campaigns.
The Union and the SPD are therefore increasingly in position on the issue of internal security.
In recent days, it has been high between the two parties.
First a garish battle over the equipping of the federal police, then via a security ideas collection of some Union interior ministers, in which departmental chiefs are also calling for a burqa ban and a move away from dual citizenship.
De Maizière is also struggling here for conciliatory sounds.
He doesn't think anything of a move away from the double pass.
We have pacified the discussion in Germany.
Remaking it doesn't make sense.
And in the event of a burqa ban, he has constitutional concerns.
Whether his own package is constitutional on all corners, and whether it is actually "reasonable" for the coalition partner, has yet to show up.
There is a lot in it that could cause controversy.
But the SPD is also currently trying to stand up on the issue of internal security.
Leader Sigmar Gabriel first signals cautious willingness to talk and says: "The SPD is willing to talk about anything that helps to further increase security."
Still, Volkswagen is coming through lightly.
Despite the diesel scandal, delivery numbers are rising worldwide.
But not in all markets it runs around.
During the recall, there is buzz around a term.
Volkswagen will start operating in the second half of the year at the time of deliveries.
In spite of its many brands and some well-run markets, Europe's biggest automaker continues to be a plus, despite its many brands and some well-run markets.
But in July, the core brand VW weakened mainly in Western Europe and again impacted overall sales, according to the company listed in the Dax.
Globally, the VW brand sold 1.8 percent fewer vehicles in July with 449100 cars than the same month last year.
In Western Europe alone, after China the second most important market, sales were 14 percent below the same month last year.
In the home market of Germany, deliveries plummeted by almost a sixth.
Brand sales chief Jürgen Stackmann attributed the weaker figures from July in particular to two sales days less in Europe.
In addition, there has been a buy-back in some core markets through "changing economic conditions."
In addition to the situation surrounding the coup attempt in Turkey, the UK voted to leave the EU, a spokeswoman explained.
In the US, where the exhaust fumes first escalated, a low is also on the rise.
Big support for VW is the Chinese market.
Overall, the mainly affected house brand of Lower Saxony is in any case further benign due to the diesel scandal: After the first seven months, there is only an delivery minus 0.9 per cent to 3.37 million vehicles.
Group sales chief Fred Kappler continued to provide a sales boost from January to July.
1.3 per cent more vehicles delivered to Volkswagen in that time, worldwide 5.904 million.
Volkswagen had been rigged with a software exhaust test.
In Germany alone, VW calls about 2.5 million cars for conversion to the workshops.
As part of the conversion, VW reiterated that the revamp of the cars did not have a negative impact.
After the conversion of the vehicles, there is no deterioration in fuel consumption, CO2 emissions or engine performance.
The automaker is issuing a "guarantee" certificate to customers after the conversion, but does not speak of a "guarantee" as it was in corporate travel on Friday.
The reason is legal niceties.
The "Focus" reported that Volkswagen now guarantees its German customers a guarantee for revamped diesel models.
This would have been confirmed by VW representatives in the Federal Department of Transportation last Monday.
It was confirmed by the Department for Transport that there was this meeting.
"VW has to comply fully with the requirements of my commission of inquiry and KBA."
"Deviations from this are not accepted," Federal Transport Minister Alexander Dobrindt (CSU) declared, according to the ministry.
VW has accepted the guarantee that there will be no deterioration in fuel consumption, CO2 emissions or engine performance after conversion and that all type-approved vehicle values remain unchanged.
Volkswagen itself does not use the term "guarantee" as it was in corporate travel.
Under the broad term "guarantee," Volkswagen sees the possibility that, for example, customers may come to a workshop six months after conversion, for example, with an engine damage - and this could be attributed to the new software, even if the damage has nothing to do with it.
In the interests of the customer, it is also important to avoid that any other damage, which has nothing to do with the abortion scandal, will lead to uncertainty as to possible guarantee schemes, as has been said.
That is why VW does not use the term "guarantee."
The Raiffeisenbank Gmund am Tegernsee requires rich savers to pay punitive interest rates in the future - as a second institute in Germany.
Bank chief executive Josef Paul said on Thursday: "It's only about 139 customers who park $40 million on current or day money accounts."
The Federal Association of German Banks speaks of an isolated case and does not see it as a signal: Ordinary savers "should not be afraid to pay for their asparagus penalty rates."
Store banks money overnight at the European Central Bank (ECB), they have to pay their 0.4 per cent penalty rate.
This fee requires Raiffeisenbank Gmund from September from private and corporate customers for deposits over $100,000 on current or daily money accounts.
'the first £100,000 is free. '
"The next 100,000 will cost $400 a year in the future," Paul said.
He has been wary of £40 million for some time, which could be relegated from one day to the other and which he could not exploit.
"Those lie with me on the central bank account and cause 0.4 per cent costs," the bank chief said.
'i can't put down for every £4,000. '
In accordance with the 'polluter pays' principle, the costs will now continue.
Leaving the cash simply in the safes of the Raiffeisenbank would be far too dangerous: "I've already experienced four overs, I don't like the fifth!" The bank chairman said.
Most customers would understand and switch to other forms of investment.
Few migrated to other banks.
The Cooperative Association of Bavaria stated: "The ECB's extreme monetary policy rate is causing significant costs for all banks."
Carrying it alone is "economically not possible on a permanent basis."
Some German banks have therefore increased their fees for account management, credit cards or credit transfers.
With punitive interest rates on deposits starting at $3 million, the Thurston People's and Raiffeisenbank Altenburger Land had made headlines with its Skatbank branch in 2014.
Michael Kemmer, chief executive of the Banking Association, said: "We do not expect retail customers to have to pay blanket fees for deposits, so competition in Germany among banks and savings banks is far too strong."
One banker said that at Tegernsee there is "a clientele that is a little more exuberant by the wealth."
"This can become a problem for a small bank" if it hunted for free money.
The cooperative bank Gmund, founded in 1911, has branches in Bad Wiessee, Rottach-Ewen, Kreuth and Tegernsee.
Well-known actors, athletes and entrepreneurs live in the region.
The Cooperative Association of Bavaria "is not currently aware of any other banks that charge an outlet rate for deposits from retail customers," spokesman earnest said.
The President of the Federal Association of German People's Banks and Raiffeisenbanken (BVR), Uwe Fröhlich, said at the end of June: "The threshold of going negative towards the private customer is very, very high."
The competition is tough, and it is threatening the exodus of investors to the competition.
Customers in Germany won't like that in width.
Destination records: Who is actually buying records?
Lonely middle-aged men love plates.
Before you rush to the comment section to oversow him under the pseudonym non-AlleEinsamenmen's middle age with harsh insults, this statement derives from current data.
According to YouGov, the much-talked-about revival of records is not due to a boom in millennials who want to embrace the news of physical items, but on midlife nostalgia.
Those who recently bought a record are likely to be aged between 45 and 54.
In fact, the 18-24 age group is the most unlikely buyer group.
It's also no hordes by amateur collectors - it has an emotional meaning: Older record buyers tend to keep their feelings for themselves (56% vs. 53%) and enjoy spending time on their own (69% vs. 66%).
But are the results of YouGov?
If this blog were a news report on TV, the camera would follow me while I was running in the middle of a busy street in Soho, wearing a modest grey suit and sitting wildly, holding my hands and saying something like: "So, let's take a closer look at it."
So, let's take a look at it.
Even though the heart of Sohos is slowly losing its charm - hotels, restaurants and offices are now filling the buildings where once independent sellers were based - there are still a handful of fantastic record specialty stores.
I would probably ask the cameraman to turn off the camera for the next part, in which I stand in close proximity to different men in such shops and try to assess their age and spirits through observation.
Stuart from Glasgow, 55, whom I follow from Sister Ray (data count: Two young women, three middle-aged men) to Reckless Records (data count: Eight men of middle age, one woman, presumably around the 20), is a day out because of a meeting in London and going through the shops to fill the few hours.
Is he a collector, I ask?
"I guess so," he says.
I have about 3,000 or 4,000 records.
These records, shown above (he sent me the snap by email, I didn't follow him home), dress up the walls of his living room.
The reason he owns such a considerable number of albums and singles is the result of his disposable income: He is now able to buy plates he couldn't afford when they appeared and again bought items he sold when he was young and bankrupt.
"A lot of things I buy are from the late 60s, early 70s that appeared when I was 11 or 12... things where I was probably a little too young to buy them to me," he says.
He agrees that those who buy plates are more introverted and happy to spend time on their own, adding: "I don't smoke and I don't drink very much.
That's my loner.
WEZ, 25, who works at Sister Ray, also believes many customers he meets apply to the YouGov profile.
However, he has also noticed a new wave of people being influenced by the media dog, people who have heard about the comeback and are prompted to buy their old records again.
From the conversations I have had, people usually got rid of their collection around 1998 or 1999.
Customers who once sold their records to buy CDs are now selling their CDs to buy their records again, "he says.
That would explain the boom to supporters of the record revivals of a certain age.
But what about the alleged emotional importance of records?
It only takes a few seconds in a business like Phonica to recognize that record stores offer a reassuring community of like-minded people.
According to Wez, some of the older customers took offense at the contactless payment system.
Some record fans feel overwhelmed by the digital world and want to retreat to the stability of familiar record hulls, from items that wake up happy youth memories.
"I think sometimes it can be the filling of an emptiness or possession of material possessions as a kind of consolation," says Wez.
This is the case with me as a collector and I think that's the case with a lot of people.
It's an easy way to engage mentally.
"We're like their social workers!" Infuriated an employee from a record stack.
A survey by the ICM in April revealed that nearly 50% of people who bought a record last month have not yet listened to them.
The survey also found that 41% own a record player they never use, while 7% of those who buy a record don't own a record player.
At this time of the news report, I would probably look very worried while blowing through a stack of Bossa Nova compilations.
Jonny, 42, who works at Sounds of the Universe (data count: Three middle-aged men), has noticed a "trophy aspect" of the revival.
"Someone only recently came in here and said," I don't own a record player, but I'd love to buy a Radiohead sound plate so I can put them on the shelf, "he says.
This is not a large percentage, but it definitely happens.
More product-based, less music-related.
We have people who say, "I don't have a record player."
These are younger people, not older ones, who are only slowly getting in.
Fopp, which has dedicated the records to almost an entire floor, has a bungled audience when I go in.
There are couples around the 70, tourists who take photos, teenagers and middle-aged women.
Even though the atmosphere is a little less relaxed than in the above deals - Wild Beasts's latest synthesizer and sex-packed pop instead of experimental jazz drunks from the speakers - it's good to see such diversity among customers.
None of them look very lonely, but niggling psychological traumas are hard to determine if you're standing next to someone 30 seconds long.
Elanora, 27, has been running around in the business for a few minutes and considers the variety of records for sale.
She is more likely to do a shop shop than a big buy.
It doesn't deserve much, so collecting records is not a real option, she says.
It costs a lot.
It's easy to listen to music from a computer or in a different way, but the beauty of plates is... "she drives off with a loving sigh.
I don't know how to explain it - it's really unique.
My last stop is a business that is said to have inspired a new generation of record lovers: Urban Outfitters.
While I give the appearance of wearing jeans hotpants, I watch a group of young teenage girls grouped around Polaroid cameras for a moment before a father and his daughter consider buying a Crosley record player.
To the left is a stairwell, a wall full of plates by Adele, Jeff Buckley, Amy Winehouse and Fleetwood Mac: A mix of contemporary music and classics, the essential plates for an average collection.
No one looks at them - perhaps because they are only purely decorative, some so far up, that it is impossible to touch them.
It's pure "record art."
But considering that any attraction for these items could mean more money for the industry and could send some customers to the depths of Sohos for more, there is nothing to complain about.
It's no surprise that a population group that has more time and money than others is also the one that spends most on luxury items such as plates.
Even though my research showed that the results of YouGov are true, they do not take into account, at least in record stores in Soho, the large number of female collectors who exist in reality, record stores and in online forums.
These people probably work hard at school or in offices.
They certainly don't spend their Thursday morning strolling through record shops of Berwick Street and the leaves through plates, while avoiding the startling look of an uncanny, 30-year-old fake presenter who towers over the shoulders of nothing suspecting middle-aged men.
The Greenland shark is the longest living vertebrae - video report
Scientists say that the Greenland shark has the longest life span of all vertebrates on the planet.
Julius Nielsen, who investigates sharks, says that the record was at a wicket from which it is assumed that it is between 272 and 512 years old and five feet long
French court rejects bid over demolition of shops at Jungle refugee camp
A French court has rejected a bid by authorities in Calais to break down dozens of temporary shops and restaurants in the Jungle of Calais where thousands of refugees live.
At a court hearing this week, authorities in Calais argued that the state should be empowered to bring down 72 temporary shops where people inside the camp sell goods, from cigarettes to energy drinks, offering hairdressing services or selling tea for 50 cents (40 pence) or simple meals for a few euros in temporary restaurants.
The Calais prefecture argued that these places should be torn down because they would represent a parallel economy from which no taxes would be paid and which pose a fire and sanitation risk.
Humanitarian groups told the court that the shops and restaurants were important as the free meals offered by the government-backed association and other groups would not provide enough food for the growing numbers in the camp.
They also said that temporary shops and restaurants would often provide accommodation and free meals for people in need.
A court in Lille ruled that there was no legal basis for the expulsion of people running the 72 provisional deals, but acknowledged that the concerns of the Calais prefecture were "absolutely understandable."
The judge, Jean-François Molla, said that grocery stores, cafes and restaurants would play a much bigger role than merely feeding people who "live in extremely precarious conditions."
He said that the areas offer quiet meeting points between refugees and volunteers.
One of the places threatened by the low-rise was the Jungle Book Kids' Café of the Camp, which is operated by the public and offers 200 meals a day, English and French classes, as well as a consultation on asylum cases for the hundreds of vulnerable, unaccompanied minors in the camp.
More than 170,000 people have signed the petition to preserve the kids' cafe.
In a letter to the Guardian, it said that the closure "would be a disaster for these children, the youngest of whom are eight years old."
The two aid agencies Help Refugees and L'Auberge des Migrants estimated on Friday that the number of people living in the Jungle camp had risen to over 9,000 people - the highest number until now - after a steep increase in new arrivals during the summer.
Despite Olympic disappointment: Martin remains combative
Despite his disappointing appearance in the Olympic time race, cyclist Tony Martin doesn't want to be let down.
"I continue to keep the World Cup in view, stay confident and continue to fight," the 31-year-old wrote on Facebook on Thursday before his departure from Rio de Janeiro.
He doesn't have an explanation for his miserable 12th spot on the sugar rush.
"I honestly find it hard to comment on yesterday's time drive," Martin remarked.
He had to calmly analyse the reasons for the debacle.
At the October World Cup in Qatar, Martin actually wanted to fight for the title.
'i'm going to look at everything we've changed in recent times. '
"This includes my position," wrote the three-time time-driving champion, who had lost on Wednesday on the 54.5 km more than three minutes to Olympic champion Fabian Cancellara (Switzerland).
Olympics: Tennis pro Siegemund misses semi-finals
The winning streak of Laura Siegemund ended in Rio's quarter-finals: The world No.32nd from Metzingen missed by a 1-6, 1-6 against Monica Puig (Puerto Rico / WTA No.
34) clear the semi-finals of the Olympic tennis tournament.
Siegemund, who was plagued by back problems, was able to get through her serve only once and worked powerfully compared to the previous rounds.
On Thursday, still medallist Angelique Kerber (Kiel / No 2) had the chance to jump into the preview round.
The Australian Open winner met the British-born Johanna Konta (No 10).
As the last German tennis pro, Tommy Haas picked up a medal (silver) in Sydney in 2000.
Two German DTB starters in the quarter-finals of Summer Games had last been in 1992.
Never before has a German duo stood in an Olympic singles semi-final.
Group rises at start-up for live video game broadcasts
Watching other people playing video games is a huge thing - that's what Microsoft wants to benefit from.
The technology giant is buying the start-up Beam, which specialises in this hobby.
How much money is flowing for the takeover, Microsoft did not disclose on Thursday.
Beam only went to the start with his offer in January and already has more than 100,000 users.
You can watch others while playing, but also intervene yourself.
For example, they can give up missions and confront enemies as well as provide equipment.
Gaming giant Activision Blizzard is launching a new HD video service for the booming world of e-sports.
On the way to the global media event, Facebook is expected to help.
The advertising industry is already hovering.
Staff at the start-up, which has its headquarters so far in Seattle in the D.C. area, are moving to Microsoft headquarters in California's Redmond, according to Beam co-founder and chief executive Matt Salsamendi.
As a result, the transaction will not change for customers.
Beam will be integrated into the video game department around the Xbox console, according to Microsoft.
The market of live streaming of video game activities is currently growing rapidly.
Well-known platforms are twitch and YouTube gaming.
Twitch was bought by online retailer Amazon in 2014 - for nearly $1 billion.
YouTube Gaming is part of Google's mother Alphabet.
Here comes the Enforcement trailer
Germany's turf will have to adjust to the next generation speed gauge: In various federal states, including in Hesse and Brandenburg, new flash devices are being tested, which are supposed to transfer tempos particularly effectively.
The futuristic Enforcement trailer of the company Vitronic from Wiesbaden can be used, for example, at accident areas where it would be too dangerous for a mobile measurement by the police.
For example, at motorway construction sites or to rehabilitate bridges with a temporary speed limit, there is often no necessary infrastructure to ensure that the speed limit is observed.
However, a permanent mobile build-up can be too dangerous or time-consuming.
The Enforcement trailer is self-sufficient: Its battery lasts five days during uninterrupted measurement operation, the case data is transmitted encrypted via a modem.
With laser measuring technology, all vehicles can be captured simultaneously across multiple tracks.
Variable speed limits as well as transit bans by time, lane and vehicle class can also be monitored.
In the high-risk state, you can move the trailer, according to the manufacturer, with each car with a hitch.
So that it is not simply cloned, it is lowered in the measuring operation, so that the wheels disappear in the armoured and, by the way, even shadowy outer shell.
In addition, a built-in alarm system is designed to protect the Lightning from vandalism.
Since 2015, the trailer has been tested in different federal states, according to Vitronic, and has now been used.
Foreign authorities are also blushing with the new technology: Recently, France has reordered 100 pieces, following an order of 150 pieces last year.
Britain picks up silver in 7-yard rugby after Fiji Masterclass picks up gold
Britain's impressive performance at 7-under rugby came to an abrupt halt at the final hurdle in the form of the Fijis in the final on Thursday night, when they were beaten with a score of 43-7 at Deodoro Stadium here in Rio.
Fiji gave a masterclass in handling, side-stepping, follow-up, line running and raw power to win gold - her first Olympic medal of any color.
The defeat was sweetened by the not-so-bad consolation prize of the silver medal - Britain's fourth that day - and they could well be proud of their efforts in this tournament, in which they beat New Zealand, Argentina and South Africa.
The Boks' significant defeat, 7-5 in the semi-final on the same day could fall back on them in the final.
But regardless, Fiji would have beaten a 15-man team at best in this form.
It could be a consolation for GB - but it probably won't - that at least one Briton will have a gold medal hanging around his neck tomorrow: Fijian's head coach Ben Ryan, the former boss for England from Wimbledon.
GB had a difficult path behind.
Eight years ago, they lost under Ryan every game at the Adelaide Sevens.
Here, they lost only one.
This setback will hurt, but the progress is amazing.
Fiji started miraculously and allowed the attacks to hit GBs out of fun.
It felt for the captain, Tom Mitchell, and co, as if running into moving buses... the World Series winners went 5-0 up when osea Kolinisau ran out in the corner.
With still four minutes of game time, Jerry Tuwai added yet another attack from the right corner, which he converted.
12-0 and GB barely touched the ball.
A howling Tackle of Mitchell stopped the mountain from man Leone Nakarawa to score a third goal, but it only stopped Fiji.
In the seventh minute, JASA Veremalua leaped a touchdown in the right corner and it stood 0-17 for GB.
Nakarawa added a new one since the restart and there was still over a minute of game time... in the first half.
Vatemo Ravouvou prepped through more weak tacklings of the GB team and stormed up to the line to make a goal.
The conversion brought a 29-0 to the break.
It is as if Fiji was born to play the 7, while GB is still learning.
So it is.
GB introduced fundamental changes at half-time and closed the Fijian gap... for a whole four minutes, which was good for the conditions of the first half until Josua Tuisova ran through after a brilliant interim play by Fiji.
Dan Norton started a try for GB, making a touchdown in the left corner for a 36-7, but the game went on for a long time in favour of the South Seas, whose fans sang, flags waved and danced in the public gallery.
It was not hard to admire the playful approach of Fijis.
Mata Viliame set up the i-bag with another try in the final seconds.
The pantomime sounded, the Fijis embraced and GB kickstarted damning beaten into the turf.
Earlier in the day, Fiji defeated Japan in the semi-finals at 20-5 and Britain pushed South Africa out of the race in a tight semi-final match - Britain's conversion of the difference.
Kyle Brown brought the Boks forward in the first half, but Dan Norton broke the line with an impressive footwork and scored a goal under the posts in the second half.
A brilliant late Tackling by Marcus Watson, the brother of Anthony of the English 15-side team, secured the win - and thus the silver medal.
Helen Glover and Heather Stanning inspired by fight with coach's cancer to rowing win
There will be no emotinal gold than in these games and that's what you want to say.
From the first rowing strike to the last, 220 hard Hieve that go down in history, Helen Glover and Heather Stanning found an added significance in their golden moment at Estacio da Lagoa.
Even though it was only the inmate who sat at the helm, there were three votes in the boat; the echo of the coach, Robin Williams, was all-present as they were rumoured to be the second Olympian in the second without a tax woman in a row, the first women in the history of British sport to set such a scale.
Their dominance was absolutely, after all, her 39th undefeated effort, which is also unprecedented.
What we see are two brilliant athletes who glide across the surface with the elegance of swans, which does not fully reflect the kind of triumph.
Behind every gold in rowing is a battalion of willing helpers, contributing to the incremental advances that make up the difference and there was no one more bemused than the coach who, 30 months ago, didn't know if he would survive that day at all, when he was diagnosed with cancer.
As he said, he was risky.
I had bladder cancer that is operable and they did.
If you don't, it spreads everywhere.
It would have been a pretty dire situation.
It changes a little of the outlook.
Williams was diagnosed in December 2013.
The trio were lucky that he could begin treatment in early 2014, outside the season, which kept the interruption to a minimum, if that is the right term in such circumstances.
I needed money, so I had to get better soon.
It was an incentive.
I was in hospital and ran around at the station - 20 foot, 30 foot, 50 foot at a time when they said that some steps would suffice.
That's how it starts.
Rowing in itself is already a challenge, but that makes it an even bigger one.
In the immediacy of victory, her first thoughts went to Williams, who spent a nerve-wracking morning doing something more than usual, trying to process his own fears.
Stanning, who was a principal in the Royal Artillery Regiment in a deployment in Afghanistan, said "I was an emotional wreck this week... that might be something extreme, but it means so much."
It just repeats how much it means to me, how much I and Helen and also Robin have worked.
It's been three fantastic years with Helen and Robin.
Without Robin, we would be no one, so a massive thank you to him... he's the best coach in the world.
I couldn't have wanted a better person to exercise or a better coach.
Helena Glover and Heather Stanning have not lost a race in the last five years.
The pair had a hard rhythm with which their opponents could not compete.
Even in the last 500 metres, when teams from New Zealand and Denmark began to shut up, Stanning and Glover had too much in reserve.
We were very caught at the moment.
Helen cried "stay in the process, stay in the process."
It's really important not to get involved.
We had a good start and at the same time we weren't looking to make some tolles.
We didn't want fireworks today, we just wanted to get a good result, go out and win the race, which we did.
The pair will take a break for a year before it will make decisions about his future.
Glover must appear at a wedding next week, her own with the TV adventurer Steve Backshall.
Now she just wants to enjoy the moment.
I didn't want to say that this was my last race.
That would have meant too much pressure.
In London, it took around six months to realise that I am an Olympic champion.
It was all so new to me and I was so stressed.
Here it took about four minutes.
That feels so much better, "she said.
31 years of exemplary clarity
The managing director of the water-purpose association "Veitensteingruppe," Ruppert Göller, is retiring.
The association is considered "Bavarian-wide exemplary."
A small fringed drinking water association as a role model for the big water producers.
So it was said some time ago in the original tone in a post by the Bavarian broadcaster.
Soon after, the water forum of the government of Unterfranken honored the Zweckverband.
The work of the Veitensteingroup was "Bavaria-wide as exemplary."
Behind all this is Rupert Göller, who has been a staff member for 31 years, including 28 years as managing director.
Now he was retired at the age of 65.
The Drinking Water Association of the Veitensteingroup, based in Kottendorf, municipality of Breitbrunn, promotes about 150000 cubic metres of water every year and provides 32 places and hamlets with about 5500 inhabitants.
Member communities are the municipalities of Kirchlouder, Breitbrunn, Lauter, Ebelsbach and the town of Baunach.
There are water supply contracts for other cities and municipalities.
The current chairman, Breitbrunns Mayor Gertrud Bühl (FW), recalled that Rupert Göller was hired as a water keeper in 1985 and was appointed Managing Director in 1988.
"His duties have been very diverse and they stretched from the waterline construction and maintenance work through office and organisational activities, budgeting, calculation of fees and contributions to emergency interventions on weekends," the chairwoman said.
As an outstanding event, she called the commissioning and inauguration of the new wells (1994), land purchases in the area of the new wells (1998) and compensation of farmers, the rehabilitation of the high tanks (1999), the reconnection of a central computer control system (2004) and the partial renewal of water lines.
There has been no standstill and there have been repeated innovations, because water means life and drinking water is the most important food.
In her laudato, she praised Göllers' loyal, reliable and correct service over 31 years.
He has used himself with a lot of heartache for his water-ring association and he has really lived the water-ring association as if it were his own company.
A few weeks ago, as a true practitioner, he was allowed to present the concept of success of the Veitensteingroup to the nitrate reduction in front of the Water Forum of the district of Unterfranken.
He received a great deal of praise and praise for that.
Rupert Göller, for his part, praised water keeper Alfons Griebel, who worked with him for 28 years.
He's the best water keeper and he was a loyal crap.
Together we were an unbeatable team.
As highlights from his point of view, he described the fountain construction and the restructuring of the purpose-building association.
The biggest challenge and the most difficult effort, however, was the pipe break at the high tank at Kirchlouder on a January 3.
Here we had to work at minus 17 degrees throughout the night so that the towns could be provided with water.
Once again, the supply of Neubrunn could only be maintained, because the Pettstadt reservoir was filled with hoses.
The management of the Drinking Water Association was handed over to Daniel striker from Lauter, who is taking over the succession of Rupert Göller.
Soprano Anna Netrebko goes open with the autism of her son Tiago - and turns to other concerned parents: "You have to have the courage to talk about it."
"Medicine has made great progress," the 44-year-old told Italian newspaper Corriere della Sera.
When the disease was detected in her son, she believed she had to die.
However, the now eight-year-old Tiago is well ahead and is now learning privately in New York, where there are the best therapists.
"To give an example: If I ask him something that is two years back when I sang at the Milan Scala, he remembers nothing," Netrebko said.
But he's the happiest person on earth.
Tiago comes from Netrebko's connection with the bass baritone Erwin Schrott.
She is now married to the tenor Yusif Eyvazov.
Related in Bargteheide - man shoots on lifeline
A 35-year-old man shot at his partner at about 10.45pm on Friday at a multi-family home in Bargteheide (county of Stormarn) and fatally wounded her.
"The man called himself at us and indicated he had shot his partner," a police spokeswoman said.
The perpetrator is on the run after he is publicly fired.
Now nationwide, because Sven S. could be travelling by car.
The man is about 1.80 feet tall, muscular, brown-burned and has a gossip.
Meanwhile, police have released a photo of him.
It is, however, a few years old.
Meanwhile, the man is wearing a gossip.
The man is not expected to be addressed directly.
He could still carry the gun at himself, according to police.
If you see Sven S., let's call the 110.
Police are talking about a "relationship call."
The victim was born in 1988, the perpetrator in 1981.
The competent police in Lübeck initially did not want to provide details of the tapestry or the relationship between the offender and the victim; but she confirmed that a man had been killed.
'it is a killing spree. '
"More we don't say at the moment," a police spokeswoman in Lübeck said.
According to eyewitnesses, a Special Operations Command (SEC) was at the scene.
Steel - bright spot for German steel industry
The crisis-battered and energy-intensive German steel industry is spared an additional cost of millions of dollars.
Financial burdens that threatened the industry from oil production are off the table.
It remains with the exemption from the renewable-energy levy at the inventory facilities to so-called self-electricity production in the German steel industry, Federal Industry Minister Sigmar Gabriel (SPD) told the Westdeutsche Allgemeine Zeitung (WAZ, Friday edition).
"I am really pleased that we were finally able to achieve this after two years of tough negotiations."
The European Commission had therefore initially planned to ask the steel manufacturers to use the gases from the blast furnace to produce electricity for their own consumption.
The steel industry threatened additional costs of $120 to $240 million a year, according to the German Industry Association.
Gabriel told WAtoday there was now a landmark agreement with the European Commission after talks with Competition Commissioner Margrethe Vestager.
It is only when the generators are replaced in the steel works that an EEG-surcharge of 20 per cent falls.
But this, too, is not raised in the steel industry.
The IG welcomed Germany's agreement with the EU Commission on self-energy production.
This largely enshrines the status quo of the current regime.
Gabriel's successful effort for the steel industry is of particular importance.
'in terms of our campaign 'steel is future' this is a first step. '
"More must follow."
"There are also climate and employment objectives to be weighed up in the reform of the emissions trading scheme," said IG's chief executive Jörg Hofmann in Frankfurt.
The steel industry in Europe has suffered from overcapacity and significant price pressure since the 2008 financial crisis.
Last year, the situation worsened further as the world's largest producer country, China, threw mass steel on the world market in the face of weakening domestic demand.
European manufacturers accuse Chinese steel companies of price dumping.
Over the course of this spring, the situation has eased somewhat.
On the one hand, import tariffs imposed on imports have an impact, and the economic outlook in China has brightened.
It is unclear how sustainable the price recovery is.
German industry leader Thyssenkrupp remained cautious on Thursday.
Most recently, prices have tended to stagnate.
The industry is responding to the difficult situation with further cost reductions.
At the same time, ThyssenKrupp did not want to rule out the closure of individual works.
Around 86,000 people were employed in the German steel industry at the end of 2015.
In July, German steelmakers remain cautious despite rising prices and increasing orders.
They produced a good six per cent less crude steel at 3.4 million tonnes than in the same month last year, according to the Business Association of Steel on Friday.
After a brief increase in May, the produced crowd now went back the second month in a row.
Since the beginning of the year, production has been two percent lower than the previous year.
The association expects rising emissions in the coming months thanks to an improved order situation.
Community, spirit, health: Singing does seniors well
The singing has accompanied Ursel Kipp all her life: As a young girl she was in the school choir, in Lehramt studies she finished the subject of music, and today the 78-year-old sings in a senior choir.
"Singing moves me - emotionally and physically," she describes.
After a sample, she feels balanced, cheerful and overall more vibrant, she says.
By the way, she is doing something good for her health and her mind.
Because singing is equally from multiple perspectives a great hobby for seniors, says Erhard Hackler of the German Senior League.
Most seniors sing in the choir and share with like-minded people the joy of music, describes Hackler.
Through regular gathering, seniors can socialize and maintain social contacts.
Because often social and family structures are solved in old age, a choir is then an ideal opportunity to spend time with other people.
This experience has also made Ursel Kipp in her choir: "To talk down and organize, to be able to rely on the others and learn from each other - a choir is a very special form of togetherness."
Singing can be exhausting in the positive sense, Hackler suggests.
Because in doing so, seniors exercise deep and controlled breathing.
If you ask for your lungs regularly, you don't get out of the puddle in everyday life as well.
Even when it comes to maintaining the sound of voice in old age, singing is an optimal hobby.
On older people, singing often has a very special effect, says Ursula Lenz of the Federal Labor Association of senior organizations.
In the older generations, common singing had a much higher priority, it belonged to everyday life, both at school and in leisure, she explains.
Lenz frequently observes that singing or listening to songs in older people raises many memories, often associated with positive feelings of their adolescence.
Through lyrics and especially melodies, even dementia-stricken people remember long-running events.
When singing, the head is also required to perform a special performance, explains Lenz.
At the same time focusing on your own voice and on a given rhythm, adapting to the other singers - this is a great cognitive challenge.
It's just older people who live alone, so don't just focus on themselves.
Another positive aspect is the recognition experienced by singing in the choir, according to Hackler.
An enthusiastic audience is a great praise.
Self-esteem is also growing by singing in the chorus.
To show yourself: If I do for a long time for something, I will get better and grow beyond me - this experience strengthens.
Good reasons to start singing, so there is enough.
If you want to try a new hobby, don't hesitate - even if he thinks they have little talent, Lenz advises.
You are not alone in singing - with 50 singing people, who hears when a sound goes next?
Looking for the right offer, seniors have different options, says Hackler.
Singing someone from the acquaintance's circle in a senior choir, you can just join in.
Many cities also offer overviews of the choirs in the area.
If you want to sing in a church choir, you can turn directly to the community or the church precinct.
Many senior choirs can also be found on the Internet.
If you don't have access to the Internet, you can ask the family, friends or neighbours for help with the internet search.
Those keen to sing should definitely join a chorus, Hackler advises.
Singing does the soul well and has something liberating - that's true of any age.
Cats react more sensitive than hangover on cries of juveniles
Biologists have been investigating in Hanover what effect the cries of cat babies have on adult animals.
To their surprise, this also left the males not cold - however, in contrast to the females, they always behaved the same.
Female cats can recognize the grounding level of cat babies at the mistress of the little ones.
They respond by 10 per cent faster on laughs of kittens picking up in great distress, according to scientists from the Animal Medical College and the Medical University of Hanover (MHH).
Hangovers also respond to the cries of kittens - but always the same.
"Apparently, the acoustic differences between the mistress of less and severely erratic juveniles for males are either imperceptible or not significant," said biologist Wiebke Konerding of the MHH.
She is the author of the study, published this Friday in the journal BMC Evolutionary Biology.
In a previous investigation, the research team had already found that the duration and pitch of the kitten's screams differed with the urgency of their need for help.
There were a total of nine adult hangovers and eight kittens from the MHH's livestock.
They were played to a cries of little ones who were taken out of the litter box for three minutes and separated from mother and siblings.
On the other hand, they were confronted with cries of more erratic kittens, which were additionally uplifted.
The researchers consider their results to be meaningful despite the small sample.
"All the females, even the ones who have not yet had their own offspring, responded differentiated to the screams," Konerding said.
They turned more quickly to the speaker when that cries of the very errant kitten played off.
This ability may be incensed or developed with sexual maturity.
"One surprise was that the males reacted at all," the biologist said.
In the past, scientists have already studied the reactions of women and men to baby noises several times in humans.
Also, some studies showed that women reacted more sensitively to infants, regardless of whether they were already mothers or not, the biologist Marina Scheumann reported.
Podolski Takes With 'Gala' After Supercup
Hakan Sükür is a football legend in Turkey.
In Turkey, an arrest warrant has been issued against former football star Hakan Sükür.
He is accused of being a member of a terrorist group.
For the first time after the coup attempt, an important football match is taking place in Turkey.
Before the duel of arch-rivals between Besiktas Istanbul and Lukas Podolski's Galatasaray Istanbul around the Supercup in Konya, the official line is clear: "Business as usual" is required.
Even when the state of emergency was imposed after the crash in July, the government argued that the everyday lives of ordinary citizens should not be affected.
However, this does not apply to those suspected of belonging to the movement of preacher Fethullah Gülen, who is blamed for the coup attempt.
It does not stop even before football.
Against former heavy icker Hakan Sükür, the prosecution issued an arrest warrant.
So the South Coast, now living in America, is accused of being a member of a terrorist group.
South Coast is said to be supporters of preacher Fethullah Gülen, who is blamed by President Recep Tayyip Erdogan for the coup attempt.
While the state of emergency initially imposed for 90 days is still valid until October, in fact this has virtually no effect on the lives of most Turks.
The late-night "democracy guards" in public places across the country declared Erdogan to quit on Wednesday.
The sport - like the whole country - is divided into supporters and opponents of Erdogan.
Especially fans of the Besiktas Workers' Club are traditionally not among the president's friends.
But what unites the bulk of the Turks in the face of dramatic experiences in history is the strict rejection of military coups.
That's where even the fans agree - no matter if their heart beats for Galatasaray or Besiktas.
In the postseason "Gala" there will be a special return to Lukas Podolski.
Cologne proved his sporting value in the previous season: With 17 goals and nine templates in all competitions, the 31-year-old finished his first season as his club's top scorer.
In the final game against Fenerbahce, he scored the 1-0 victory.
The newspaper "Fanatics" cheered him: "He was the best in the place."
He completed the season in an excellent way and secured his team the trophy.
Thanks to "Poldi," the disappointing season for the record holder found a conciliatory conclusion.
After the runner-up K.o in the Champions League, the "Lions" also scored early in the Europa League.
In the Süper Lig, it was only six.
The season was not good.
The trophy was the only way to win something.
"That's what we've done and that's the most important thing," Podolski said.
For champions Besiktas, the game year ran better.
Especially thanks to Mario Gomez, who laid the base for the 14th title with 26 seasons as a Southern League goalscorer.
This is also the reason fans continue to hope for the 31-year-old's return.
After the coup attempt, the Gomez, who was under contract with AC Florence, announced that he would not return because of the political situation in the country after his Euro holiday.
"If Mario wants to come to us, he just has to say it," the trade magazine "Kicker" quoted club leader Fikret Orman as saying.
To do that, however, the striker would have to be willing to give up on about a third of his $7.5 million annual salary, Orman stated clearly: "His salary at Florence we can't pay."
Despite doping: These athletes still have medal chances at Olympics in Rio
The 34-year-old Justin Gatlin had already been banned twice for doping (2001 and 2006).
Rio de Janeiro - whistleblower Julia Stepanowa may not start in Rio.
Other outperformed athletics sinners can only laugh about it - they are fighting for medals in Rio.
The issue of doping continues to make the headlines at the Rio Olympics.
Russian swimmer Julija Jefimowa, who had been suing her starting right just before the Games after a doping ban, was mercilessly booed and booed at her start (100 metres chest).
It offered a bizarre scenery: With a set smile, she was still stumbling into the hall and had provoked with her appearance.
When determined that she was not going to fetch gold, the audience erupted into a jubilant storm.
But there are still numerous other athletes to launch despite doping past at the Rio Olympics.
Here's an overview:
Justin Gatlin (100, 200, 4x100m relay / USA): The 34-year-old is among the most controversial figures in athletics.
He had already been banned two times for doping (2001 and 2006 to 2010).
Since his spell, the 2004 Olympic champion and former world champion has been running even faster than before, he is the number one in the world over 100 metres in 9.80 seconds and is considered the biggest challenger to Usain Bolt.
Shelly-Ann Fraser-Pryce (100, 4x100m relay / Jamaica): The two-time Olympic champion and seven-time world champion had to sit down a six-month ban in 2010 after she was shown taking the painkiller oxycodon.
She had strong toothache after surgery, defending the 29-year-old.
Sandra Perkovic (Diskus / Croatia): In 2011, the 2012 Olympic champion, world champion of 2013 and European Championships from 2010 to 2016, tested positive for the banned stimulant drug methylhexanamine.
Perkovic denied the wistful take and was banned for six months.
The four furthest litters this year go to the account of the big gold favourite.
LaShawn Merritt (200, 400, 4x400m relay / USA): The Beijing Olympic champion and two-time world champion over 400m, was tested positive in 2010 and banned for 21 months.
A means of penis augmentation was responsible, Merritt pleaded.
This year, the 30-year-old is over 200 and 400m the fastest man in the world so far.
Iwan Tichon (Hammersmith, Belarus): Hardly an athlete has been awarded so many medals.
So Tichon lost his 2005 World Cup title nine years later, after he was found guilty of testosterone doping.
The now 40-year-old also had to make Olympic silver in 2004 because of steroid doping and the 2006 Euro title because of testosterone abuse.
He also received the bronze medal of the 2008 Olympic Games as a result of a ruling by the International Sports Court, CAS.
At 80.04 m, he is ranked second in the world rankings.
Liu Hong (20 km walking, China): The world record holder and gold favourite only tested positive in May, but may still start in Rio.
At the 29-year-old world champion, evidence of taking a banned dietary supplement was found, the ban by the World Anti-Doping Agency WADA fell mildly and ran as early as July 13.
Bomb terror in Thailand - Austrian woman injured - Multiple deaths
The Austrian embassy in Thailand is in contact with the woman, the Foreign Ministry spokesman, Thomas Schnöll, said Friday morning.
She suffered cuts and had been treated in hospital but has already been able to leave it again.
Their journey home was planned for early September.
It is still unclear whether the further explosions on the holiday island of Phuket, as well as in the southern cities of Surat Thani, Phang Nga, Trang and Chumphon, are still unclear.
The State Department is in constant contact with local authorities in this regard, according to Schnöll.
In the roughly 200 miles south of the capital, Bangkok, Hua Hin first exploded two bombs on Thursday night in a nightlife area.
According to police, a Thai woman was killed and about 20 people were injured, including the Austrian, three Germans, three Dutch and three Italians.
Friday morning, then again, two explosives went up, while another man was killed, according to the authorities.
A bomb explosion was also reported from Phuket in the morning.
A taxi driver was injured during the detonation near the seaside resort popular with holidaymakers, according to police figures.
In Surat Thani on the south-east coast of the country, another bomb exploded, killing an urban employee.
The explosive device went into the air in a flower frame in front of the repose of coastal police, according to the authorities.
Finally, detonations in Phang Nga and Trang on the south-west coast as well as in Chumphon on the south-east coast claimed several casualties.
You go from a link to the explosions in Hua Hin, they said.
"The bomb blasts carry the same handwriting," army general Danai Kritmethavee told journalists Friday morning.
'We assume it is a coordinated attack. '
It is too early to comment on possible motives - but it is probably the actions of Muslim rebels.
Thai media also wanted to identify a pattern in the attacks that is typical for the bomb blasts of Muslim separatists in the south of the country.
Thai police, on the other hand, said the attacks were not related to the Islamist insurgency or with international terrorism.
"This is just local sabotage, which is limited to limited areas and provinces," a spokesman in Bangkok said.
On the contrary, it is assumed that the bombs were laid by opponents of the ruling military junta.
Authorities have received intelligence evidence of imminent attacks in the south of the country in recent days - however they have not been informed of the exact timing and locations.
It is still unclear which group is behind the attacks.
Police instructed their officials across the country to step up security around key government buildings as well as airports, train stations, tourist attractions, restaurants and entertainment districts.
There are always minor bomb attacks in Thailand, but they are usually not directed against tourists.
In Hua Hin lies a palace used for years by Thailand's King Bhumibol Adulyadej.
Following today's bomb explosions, the Austrian Ministry of Foreign Affairs recommends that the Thai security authorities follow the instructions of the Thai security authorities.
High security risk (security level 3) applies to the provinces of Narathiwat, Yala, Pattani and Songhkla, as well as Preah Vihear and surroundings.
After confrontations between security forces and Muslim populations, there is no need to travel to these provinces.
Increased security risk (security level 2) applies to the rest of the country.
The attacks on Thursday and Friday took place a few days after a controversial referendum on a constitution drafted by the military junta.
This gives the military great influence over the coming years.
Junta leader and Prime Minister Prayut Chan-o-cha said the bombs were an attempt to incite chaos, while the country was moving towards stability, an improvement in the economic situation and tourism.
The military unta, which had seized power in 2014 after a period of bloody unrest, is self-sustaining, bringing the kingdom back to stability and order.
However, the military has also failed to get to grips with the insurgency of Muslim rebels in the far south of the country for years.
More than 6500 people have already been killed in the conflict.
Just over a year ago, 20 people were killed in Bangkok in an attack at a popular Hindu shrine - most of them foreign tourists.
It was the bloodiest attack in the country's recent history.
The right-wing "identitarian movement" has been targeted by the Federal Office for Constitutional Protection.
According to several national offices, the constitutionalists in the federal government have also put the group under observation.
"We see in the 'identitarian movement' evidence of aspirations against the liberal democratic basic order," said Constitutional Court Judge Hans-Georg Maaßen of the German Press Agency in Berlin.
In this way, immigrants of Islamic faith or from the Middle East are diffused in an extremist way.
That's why we're watching the movement now as well.
The "Identitarian Movement" is a grouping with French roots, which has also been active in Germany since 2012.
It opposes "multiculturalism," "uncontrolled mass immigration" and the "loss of its own identity through alienation."
Constitutionalists in nine federal states - Bremen, Bavaria, Hesse, Berlin, Baden-Württemberg, NRW, Lower Saxony, Saxony and Thuringia - are already observing the "identitarian."
Maassen said his authority was working closely with the state's offices in the decision.
"Groups like the 'Identitarian Movement' are trying to pick their target group out of where it stands," the constitutional chief said.
In general, extremists try to address them with youthful language, often with popping music.
This would be done by Islamists as well as right-wing extremists.
This is not a good advertisement for your own cause.
The propaganda is supposed to address people emotionally.
Young people are particularly vulnerable.
This is dangerous.
Most recently, there have been reports from several federal states about contacts of the "identitarian" to AfD politicians.
Maassen said he has no knowledge of this.
For constitutional protection, possible contacts of this kind are only relevant from a certain point.
It comes down to whether the respective party - in this case the AfD - by certain people who are extremist, changes its direction and becomes so extremist.
The decisive factor, then, is whether such individuals have a controlling influence on the party.
This is not apparent.
Referring to the significant increase in legally-motivated crimes and attacks on asylum seekers and refugee shelters, Maassen said he would not yet speak of new right-wing terrorism in this context.
But we have found in the past few years that there can be right-wing terrorist structures.
There was the group 'Old School Society' or the Friday group.
It may well be that other right-wing terrorist groups, or micro-groups, are planning attacks against asylum seekers, refugee shelters, or attacks from other right-wing extremist motives.
However, a German-wide or Europe-wide control of legal terrorism is unrecognisable.
The previous groups were created at the regional level or on social networks.
Concerned, Maaßen said that many assaults went to the account of people who had not previously appeared in the right-wing scene.
That is the worrying thing.
Many of the suspects in attacks on asylum shelters were not previously known as criminals, politically motivated criminals or supporters of the right-wing scene.
"So many people have committed crimes that previously had nothing to do with right-wing extremists who were perhaps politically indifferent or elected, for example, by the CDU, the SPD or the left, who were then radicalised by right-wing extremist sentiment."
Rio 2016: ROBEL Kiros Habte becomes an internet hit
Not always the Olympians or world records determine the headlines at the Olympics.
This is shown by the bold appearance of ROBEL Kiros Habte at the Summer Games in Rio de Janeiro.
At the Aquatics Center, the slightly overweight swimmer from Ethiopia swam so slowly that at times he was no longer seen in the TV images.
He simply disappeared - no matter how far the cutout was selected.
On social networks, Habte subsequently became a viral internet hit.
In fact, the 24-year-old finished his pre-race with a lag of 48 seconds and finished in the 59th place of 59 starts.
It was, however, more his not exactly sporting figure that drew the attention of the international media.
Why the 24-year-old still attends the Olympics?
The Ethiopians got a special starting right from the international swimming federation.
This will be distributed to promote swimming in under-represented countries.
As most athletes run in Äthopia, Habte simply wanted to do something else.
Preparation is everything: ROBEL Kiros Habte is getting ready for the big race.
Quickly, the first nicknames made the rounds.
Some media described him as a "ROBEL of the whale."
In reference to a "wealth bump," the English tabloid "The Sun" made fun of him with "Dad Bod."
His time, he struck only with a minute and nearly five seconds over the 100 metres overhead, played no part in it.
Comparisons with "Eric the Eel" were also drawn.
At the 2000 Sydney Olympics, the run of Eric Moussambani caused media attention.
Unforgettable was the appearance of the swimmer from Equatorial Guinea when he had to compete on his own in a run-up over 100 metres.
Fittingly, Moussambani was fired at the time.
The then 22-year-old only learned to swim eight months before Olympics and had never completed such a long distance before the contest.
A seat in the front row to the stunning architecture of the Central Library of Los Angeles
Learn more about the history of the Central Library in the city centre, as the Society of Architectural Historians / Southern California Chapter holds a salon with Arnold Schwartzman and Stephen Gee, the authors of the new book "Los Angeles Central Library: A History of Its Art and Architecture."
It is envisaged that Gee and Schwartmann will discuss and share images of the 1926 Bertram Goodhue design as well as the 1993 Restoration and supplement of Hardy Holzman Pfeiffer Associates.
The Salon is scheduled for August 21 from 14.00 to 16.00 at the Salle Moderne in the Art Deco Southwestern School of Law, (formerly Bullocks Wilshire), 3050 Wilshire Blvd.
Visitors can visit the middle room, the style room, the cactus lounge and the tea room.
Only pre-sale tickets; SAH / SCC members, $15; nonmembers, $25.
An open industrial often in DTLA receives a cosy Makeover
We celebrate the 90.th birthday of the Central Library of L.A. with - what else? - a new book
Geretsried - The owner of a shop at New Square has been robbed.
According to police, 67-year-old Geretsriederin left her business at about 5.30pm on Monday, forgetting to close a window on the ground floor.
When she came back at around 8.15am the next morning, about £250 had disappeared from the box office.
Traces of the perpetrator could not be found.
Video surveillance is also non-existent.
Trump sees the threat of election defeat not so tight
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump speaks at a campaign event in Florida.
If there is nothing to do with the election to the US president, Donald Trump already has an alternative video.
He then just goes on holiday.
If Donald Trump loses the US presidential election in November, he would be relatively indifferent: "Ultimately it will either fold, or I have a very, very nice, long holiday," the Republican candidate said in a phone interview with US television channel CNBC.
If it wasn't enough for him in the end for reasons of political correctness, that's OK, Trump said.
So he described US President Barack Obama and the Democratic candidate, Hillary Clinton, as the founder of Islamic State (IS) militants.
Within his party, there was more and more resistance.
Post rises in trade in electric transporters
An electric delivery vehicle of Deutsche Post in action.
The interest of other firms in the brew appears to be large.
The Post plans to sell its electric vehicle StreetScooter, too.
In due course, the corporation intends to start trading in the van.
The Post wants to offer its electric vans on the free car market from next year as well.
"We want to get into the sale to third parties," a Post spokesman said Friday.
The company has been considering for months whether to sell its self-developed StreetScooter, with the letters and packs, to be sold to other businesses as well.
Post board member Jürgen Gerdes had said there were ongoing enquiries, for instance, from tradesmen.
According to the news magazine Der Spiegel, the Bonn Group intends to enter the mass production of vehicles in the near future.
In the poaching factory, the company plans to build up to 10,000 cars per year and shift.
Gerdes had announced that the corporation wanted to significantly increase its fleet of electric cars and ply a complete conversion to the eco-friendly vehicles in the long term.
"We will make a very, very robust move towards 2020," he had said in late July.
I can imagine we're going to change the entire fleet.
The StreetScooter has been active on Germany's roads since 2014.
CSF leadership resigns after disappointing business figures
The consumer research company GfK swaps its boss Matthias Hartmann.
The resignations came suddenly - but not entirely surprising.
The difficult situation of the market research company GfK foresaw that the chair of Chief Executive Matthias Hartmann becomes all the more uncertain the longer the successes he has promised.
Turmoil at the top of the Nuremberg market research firm GfK: After again disappointing business rates and the resignation of corporate governance, the industry's world number five is facing a human fresh start.
CSF's CEO wants to leave the company at the end of the year.
The Chairman of the GfK Supervisory Board, Arno Mahlert, is already leaving the supervisory board with effect from 12 September.
The leadership on the board already takes over the previous board member, Gerhard Hausruckinger, as of 1 September, the company said.
He is expected to officially take over the function of a "CEO" until a successor to Hartmann is found.
As a result of the resignations, the company cited "different views" on long-term business policy direction.
Details declined to name a company spokesman on Friday.
Who will run the market research company in the future is still unclear at the moment.
In investor circles, it was said on Friday that there was a great deal of disappointment among shareholders about the continued success of the restructuring that began years ago.
Mr Hartman has been at the GfK top since 2011.
"The fruits of the restructuring, however, are still not visible after 5 years," it said.
Given the recent poor GfK business figures, each shareholder will eventually be unsettled.
"If that were the case with BMW, that would also make the quandts that way," they said.
The company had also been unable to stop its losing drive in the second quarter of 2016 after setbacks in the previous quarter.
At $361.2 million, sales were up 6.1 per cent below the level of the comparable year-on-year quarter.
Related to the first half of the year, sales shrank by 3.4 per cent at $721.2 million.
Profit in the second quarter mainly impacted the company's lowered value in the face of its difficult economic situation.
The company value write-off of EUR 139 million, which was necessary in the Consumer Experience Division, gave the Group a loss of EUR 148.2 million.
In the second quarter of 2015, GfK still generated a net profit of 19.7 million.
Accidents - bus slips into crumbles in ditch: Eight injured
In an accident involving a coach with 43 seniors as passengers, eight people were injured on Thursday in Krummhearing (county of Aurich).
Two of the inmates suffered serious injuries, police said.
The 66-year-old driver of the bus of a travel company from Eisenach reportedly had to evade a nearby lads, who drove some on the opposite carriageway.
The bus came down to the right of the road and slid into a ditch, according to a spokeswoman for the police Aurich / Wittmund reported.
"Due to the location of the bus, people were unable to leave the bus independently," she said.
The fire service freed the inmates.
Six ambulances and an emergency room truck arrived at the scene of the accident on National Road 2.
The uninjured travellers were taken from a scheduled bus back to the Krummhear district of Pewsum.
There, they should wait for a replacement bus from the travel company.
Investigators asked the truck driver and potential witnesses to contact police.
The fees per cubic metre of waste water are from 1 October 2016 for the area of sewage plant Neudorf / Reuth / Welschenkahl 3.44 instead of €2.10; for Zultenberg / Lindenberg / Lopp €3.36 (previously $2.26) and for Azendorf €3.64 (previously $2.18).
At the plant in Azendorf, the sewerage fee will increase again at the latest if appropriate improvement measures are necessary.
After an overblown calculation, the sewage price in Azendorf will then be $4.37 per cubic meter.
As Mayor Bernd Steinhäuser (CSU) reported, when the budget was approved by the estate agent Kulmbach, it was established that undercover was running out for these sewage plants.
On the basis of a legal basis, the Kasendorf market is obliged to operate the plants in a cost-effective manner.
From 1 October 2016, citizens as well as commercial and industrial companies from Welschenkahl, Neudorf, Reuth, Azendorf, Lopp, Lindenberg and Zultenberg will have to dig deeper into the purse.
The fee increases are between 48 and 67 per cent.
As managing director Herbert Schmidt showed up to the panel, a re-calculation of charges for the sewage systems of the market community was necessary.
In the period from October 2016 to September 2020, it will also be possible to compensate for over- or undercover from the previous calculation period.
The serious fee increases were justified by the fact that all three sewage systems were relatively small, with a very low level of waste water, which is between 6800 and 12000 cubic metres per year.
For example, due to the low distribution basis, for example, expenses for necessary repairs of several thousand euros would have a serious impact.
In addition, the volume of waste water in all three plants is declining slightly.
Furthermore, in the past calculation period, all three installations, not least because of their age, have incurred a considerable amount of recovery and repair costs.
The plant in Azendorf is nearly 30 years old, the plants for Welschenkahl, Neudorf and Reuth, as well as Zultenberg, Lindenberg and Lopp almost 20 years.
Schmidt pointed out that in the Azendorf sewage plant, the mechanical ventilation system had to be replaced due to damage.
In the pumping plant Welschenkahl, the nearly 20-year-old conveyor systems had to be overtaken from scratch and, after almost 20 years of operation, the first sewage pond, which disposed of sewage sludge and an additional ventilation facility, had to be installed in order to continue to comply with the water regulations.
Schmidt: "To these extraordinary expenses came the continued maintenance and maintenance costs, which must be taken into account in the new calculation period."
The same applies to electricity costs, which were still well below current levels in the previous calculation in 2011 / 2012.
Stone houses made it clear that in the case of the low sewerage in the three plants, expenses for the operation and maintenance were "fully pierced."
In doing so, Schmidt added, the market community has been spared major entertainment costs at sewage facilities over the past 20 years.
In the view of stone houses, the situation for these plants will remain precarious in the long term, especially as the supply area of the Friesenbachtal Sewerage Association could not be extended to include these facilities, because they are loss-making facilities.
Bulgaria scores inflation for first time in 8 months
National statistics show that inflation in Bulgaria was 1% on a monthly basis in July.
This is the highest value (since June 2012) and the first above zero since October last year, when a positive 0.2% was recorded.
The annual average inflation of the last 12 months (August 2015 - July 2016) compared to the previous 12 months (August 2014 - July 2015) was measured after the CPI -0.8%.
The consumer price index in July 2016 compared to June 2016 was 101.0%, i.e. monthly inflation was 1.0%.
The inflation rate since the beginning of the year (July 2016 compared to December 2015) was -0.2% and annual inflation in July 2016 compared to July 2015 was -0.2%.
In July 2016, a price increase of the following groups of consumer goods was observed compared to the previous month: Food and non-alcoholic beverages (1.7%); transport (1.8%); leisure and culture (6.3%); restaurants and hotels (1.2%); various goods and services (0.3%).
Prices fell in clothing and footwear (2.2%); furniture, household appliances and routine expectations (0.5%); health (0.1%).
Prices remained the same as the previous month in alcoholic beverages and tobacco; housing, water, electricity, gas and other fuels; communications; and education unchanged.
Snapchat 'anime' effect criticised as Asian cartoon
Snapchat says this filter is anime-inspired, but some observers say it's insensitive to breeds.
With its filter tool, Snapchat allows around 150 million daily users to change reality and play with identities in a way that already borders on the absurd.
You can turn into a pineapple, a dog or a figure that could be from a Roy Lichtenstein painting.
The filters are outspoken, self-twisted tools that generate more than 30 million improved selfies a day.
All missteps are sent to the public.
Snapchat filters have drawn criticism in the past in which they were accused that the app would promote Blackface or propagate white skin as a beauty sideal.
When, this week, some users suggested a filter that gave them slit eyes, false teeth and darkened cheeks, some critics called it a racist caricature of Asians - "yellowing."
They wondered if these repeated controversies pointed to a bigger problem that the company has with diversity.
The news and outrage became widespread on Wednesday, with reports from The Verge and Motherboard, a day after Snapchat announced that it would have deactivated the feature.
The company offered an apology: The filter was intended as a tribute to anime characters rather than a caricature of Asians.
But outsiders who have experienced racists reminded the filter of vulnerable clichés.
Others strongly rejected the anime comparison.
In an email, Grace Sparapani, a Korean-American art student whose tweet was widely circulated about the photos, said that the filter was "vulnerable and, to say the least, unpleasant."
She added that "it's difficult to argue with the juxtaposition of a very disgusting Asian caricature and the filter effects.
It shows that the filter is not yellow-proof, but that the yellow face has been drawn into the derogatory extreme.
Snapchat is not the only company to cross these cultural stumbling blocks.
American culture seems to be implicated in an endless diversity and integration struggle, from conference rooms to Hollywood and the devices we all hold in hand.
And Snapchat's large audience of young people - who are in terms of race various than their older opponents - might be more likely to expect sensitivity.
If one of Snapchat's filters creates an image that is offensive to a user, "so it's much harder for such things to go unnoticed than it used to be," 25-year-old Katie Zhu said in an interview Thursday.
On Thursday, Zhu, who works as a product manager and engineer for Medium, decided to delete her Snapchat account urged others to do the same.
In an essay for Medium and in a phone interview, she said that she believes that race-related controversies reflect a lack of diversity in hiring practices at Snapchat.
Zhu criticized the largely white, only male leadership and finished her essay with a hashtag: # DeleteSnapchat.
"Either she doesn't have a diverse representation of people with other skin colours in their workforce so they can make such decisions," said the Chinese-American Zhu, "or they have people with other skin colours working there but are not in positions where they are safe or comfortable to say what to do about it."
Others share their opinions, a complaint that has left Snapchat largely unanswered.
The company does not publish figures on the diversity of its workforce and points to its status as a private company.
On Thursday, Snapchat declined to discuss the cultural backgrounds of its employees, but according to a spokesman, the company recently hired a staff officer focused on underrepresented populations and on internal integration efforts.
For her part, Zhu said that she will have her Snapchat account closed and added, "I wonder if they need more users like us to be able to say that this is not O.K."
Military leaders falsify ISIS intelligence information, notes committee of Congress
Military personnel from the United States Central Command changed intelligence information to draw a more optimistic picture of the war against the so-called Islamic State in Iraq and Syria than it would have allowed actual conditions on the ground, an investigative committee of Congress reported in a report on Thursday.
The preliminary report, created by a task force of Republican members of the Armed Services Committee, Secret Service commenters and the conscientious objector, reported huge dissatisfaction among Central Command intelligence analysts who reported how precincts changed their assessments of American efforts in the fight against Islamic State.
The Central Command, short Cencom, is the military headquarters in Tampa, Florida, which controls American military operations in the Middle East and Central Asia.
"Intelligence information typically gendered by senior CENTCOM commanders regularly recorded a more positive picture of American efforts against terrorism than it would have allowed actual conditions on the ground and were consistently more positive than analyses of other intelligence services," a newspaper article quoted the report as saying.
"What happened at CENTCOM is unacceptable - our soldiers suffer when poor analyses are presented to our political leaders," Ken Calvert, Republican member of the House of Representatives, noted.
The leadership flaws in CENTCOM extend to the top top of the organization.
The 10-page report shows detailed persistent problems in 2014 and 2015 in the descriptions and analyses of American efforts in the training of Iraqi forces.
Although there is no direct evidence that government leaders under Obama have given instructions to alter the reports, it shows how analysts faced pressure from their pre-laws to draw a more optimistic picture of the threat of Islamic State, also known as ISIS or ISIL.
"During the first half of 2015, many Central Command press releases, opinions and statements before Congress were significantly more positive than the facts," the report noted.
For example, a CENTCOM member publicly announced that a military reconquest of Mossuls could begin as early as April or May 2015.
Mosul, Iraq's second-largest city, remains under the control of Islamic State.
"After months of investigation, so much is clear," Mike Pompeo, Republican congressman from Kansas, said in a statement.
From the middle of 2014 to the middle of 2015, the leaders of Central Command changed intelligence reports to downplay the danger posed by ISIS in Iraq.
Republicans launched the task force after they were told that analysts were worried about the manipulation of reports on the Islamic State.
The report, published on Thursday, will still be completed by more detailed findings while the investigation continues.
In addition, further investigation of the CENTCOM reports by the Inspector General of the Ministry of Defence is underway.
Democratic members of the intelligence committee released their own findings on Thursday, which agreed with some of the Republican task force's conclusions.
"In 2014 and 2015, CENTCOM created an overly restricted process for creating intelligence assessments on ISIL and Iraqi security services," the highest-ranking Democrat in the committee, member of the House of Representatives Adam B. Schiff, announced in a statement.
That process, Mr. Schiff said, "delayed the publication of intelligence reports," damaging the morale among analysts and "gave overly little room for dissent."
But Mr. Schiff and the Democrats said they found no evidence of an intervention by the White House at the CENTCOM analysts regarding a "certain political opinion."
The preliminary results of the congressional investigation were published on Tuesday by The Daily Beast.
Last August, the New York Times reported an investigation by the Pentagon's inspector general, which was recorded following complaints from CENTCOM analysts.
Lt. Cmdr. Patrick Evans, a press officer at the Pentagon, admitted in a statement that the Defense Department would not comment on any reports from Congress, while the inspector general's investigation is still underway.
But he also admitted that "experts sometimes have quite divergent opinions regarding the interpretation of complex data, and that the intelligence services and the Department of Defense welcome a controversial discussion of these important issues of national defense."
The investigation has repercussions beyond the issue of a successful air campaign under American leadership in Iraq and Syria (a claim now made by a growing number of members of the Ministry of Defence).
However, last year's accusations have raised questions about how President Obama can rely on the Central Command for honest assessments of military operations in Iraq, Afghanistan, Libya and other crisis regions.
Criticism of the secret information about the Islamic State is reminiscent of more than a decade ago, when a CENTCOM analyst, Gregory Hooker, wrote a document about how the then government under George W. Bush, contrary to the recommendations of many analysts, provided only a small occupying force in Iraq and had little time to worry about the consequences of the 2003 invasion.
Mr. Hooker also played a key role in the uprising against current coverage of the Islamic State.
Last year, the team around Mr. Hooker notes, according to government agencies, that contrary to the government's statements, air strikes against the refineries held by the Islamic State would not have a significant impact on the financial position of the terrorist group, as these temporary refineries would have been in operation to sell oil on the black market.
However, that finding was not released, the Times reported in September.
Centcom's then-commander, Gen. Lloyd J. Austin III, was criticised by members of the legislature for his overly positive assessment of the war situation at a hearing before the Senate.
General Austin retired in April and was replaced at Central Command by Gen. Joseph L. Votel.
The US wins fourth match in women's field hockey, a showdown with Britain imminent
A day after she scored three goals during a 6-1 win over Japan, Katie Bam also made the first two goals for the women's American field hockey team in a match Thursday against India that the American won 3-0.
Five goals in two games should actually represent a memorable performance, but Bam (27) said she couldn't remember having ever done that.
"I have no idea," she said.
I am not one of the people who keep their goals in mind.
However, she knows that: American women are at 4-0 in the Olympic competition and are equal in their group with the Britons in the first place, who remain unbeaten after their 2-0 win against Japan.
Britain and the United States will clash on Saturday in the last game of the first round.
Both teams have already qualified for the quarter-finals, the game will decide which of the two within their group of six teams will each gain first and second place.
The first-place finish will leave the strong Dutchman a little longer out of the way leading the other group.
Whatever Saturday's game may run out, the American people have caused a surprising buzz through their success story, four years after they landed on the last of 12 seats at the past London Games.
BAM was part of that team.
She grew up in Blue Bell, Pennsylvania, and had a hockey bat in his hands for the first time with three years (her two older sisters played the sport at Drexel University), at 16, she became a national player of the United States, the youngest in the team's history.
She missed the Olympics in 2008 as she could not qualify for the cadets.
Then came 2012, in which everything went wrong for her and her team.
The following year, Craig Parnham, an Englishman, became coach of the national team and so things started to turn to the better.
"A culture change, a mental change and a physical change," Bam said.
We didn't have the workload in London that we have now.
We've been able to grab the helm completely.
On Thursday night, Bam opened the goalless in the first half of the game with a backhand shot from close range.
India went into the game without a win in the tournament, but the team proved surprisingly tough and held the game level from 1-0 down into the third quarter until Bam took the game into their hands.
She performed a sprint with the flat ball over the left flank, then moved into the middle and lured the ball into the gate to give the American women a 2-0 lead.
Melissa Gonzalez made the final goal in the middle of the last quarter.
The shutout was the first of the whole tournament for the goalkeeper of the United States, Jackie Briggs, who has so far had one goal in each of the previous games.
She has a run.
Just like Bam.
"We're in a good position" said Parnham, but how well will depend on the outcome of the next game on Saturday.
Amid the Rage of the Olympics, the Zen of trampolins
Wherever you are, how late it is, it's the Olympics.
The events in Rio de Janeiro feel constant and inevitable, a rapid relay between competition and aspiration.
It's as if the Olympic torch itself is a burning baton that is passed from the bravado to swimmer to Turner to the triathlete.
You can't turn on the TV, read a newspaper or listen to your neighbour's conversation in the queue in the coffee shop without hearing about Simone Biles, Katie Ledecky or the battle between Michael Phelps and Chad le Clos.
And then there is Logan Dooley.
Dooley, who is at the Olympics for the first time and a woman's swarm with greats, could well have been among those well-known names to be sent to Prime Time, built by sponsors and feel-good TV advertising if he were a swimmer, Turner or even Flood.
But Dooley, 28, from Lake Forest, California, is fighting for gold in the Olympic trampoline.
The Olympic flame does not illuminate every event.
Further from the centre, partly in the shade are the sports that are not generally recognized: Air pistol shooting, archery, badminton, taekwondo.
We will always have breast swimming and may rule it for a long time.
But if I'm likely to make arguments for my particular darling, let me draw attention to the discreet charm of the trampoline.
Although the trampoline jump has already been an Olympic event since 2000, when it made its debut in Sydney, it has been so sparse the last 16 years that many of the ones I had interviewed didn't know that it was an Olympic sport at all.
This could also be regional ignorance.
Although the US sent athletes to compete, it has never won a medal in trampoline jumping and, by 2012, had an athlete who made it to the finals.
The Chinese and the Russians tend to share prices for the men and the Chinese and Canadians to share for women.
Dong Dong of China and Rosie MacLennan of Canada will defend their gold medal from London this year.
The trampoline jumping has some outsider charm, in part because it sounds more appropriate for the unenlightened ear for a clowns school than the one for the Olympics.
At this point, I should admit that I am not an expert, just an earthbound enthusiast.
It has humoristic potential - the cartoonish tremor of his never-ending cloudy impact - but also the grace of the gym and diving, the two sports that essentially unite it.
The word "trampoline" comes from the Spanish El trampoline, which means as much as "springboard."
Up-and-coming victors jump on a gigantic trampoline, shooting almost up to 30 feet in the air and having to make a series of falling movements (turning, lifting and saltos) before landing on their feet.
They are assessed according to execution, difficulty and "flight time," according to the official Olympic programme.
Two-time athletes from 17 countries, 16 men and 16 women, will compete against each other in Rio.
The most common Olympic vector is straight ahead.
Medal hopes must go on in their quest for gold, faster, up and over, sometimes to the finish, sometimes up and down, up and down in the playground.
They are chasing not only the finish line or the output wall, but also another derisive target in television broadcasting: That of the world or the Olympic cords.
The purposeful pursuit is nobel, admirable, even fanatical - and it's enough to even stir a bystander to tears.
But it's also what I feel even while watching these games as something tiring.
Of this, the trampoline offers breathing space.
The vector of the trampoline jumper is above.
A forward movement is not the goal.
He or she bounces off, seemingly weightless like an astronaut, goes up, then down, then effortlessly back up.
Again, there is a competition, of course, not without difficulty, but during the exercise there is no frenzied attack on the target, no wobble into the distance, just the dreamlike, elegant lifting of time and gravity.
It's as Zen as the competition at the Olympics can only be.
The women's qualifying and finals will take place on Friday afternoon, in streaming at 13.00 Eastern Time; that of the men on Saturday, also at 13.00.
NBC will broadcast the finals as part of an afternoon block on both days from 14.00.
Amid the Olympic mania, they promise a quiet, nice moment, one that is likely to be overlooked in the general tumult.
If the raising of consciousness can only be achieved through the angling and objectification of male athletes - as the male US Turner recently suggested, according to The Wall Street Journal - then Mr. Dooley expects his after-air, new fan base.
"A generation protesting" in Ethiopia, Long an ally of the United States
Violent protests in Ethiopia
Protesters demanding political changes in Ethiopia met with violent resistance from the government.
Witnesses say that tens of protestors were killed during the clashes with police during gunfire.
Is Ethiopia about to collapse?
Over the past decade, it has been one of Africa's most stable countries, a solid ally of the West with a fast-growing economy.
But in recent months, protests against the government rocked the country and expanded into more and more areas.
Last week, thousands of people stormed into the streets and demanded fundamental political changes.
The government's response was ruthless, according to human rights organizations.
Witnesses said that police officers shot and killed on tens of unarmed protesters.
Videos in circulation about the protests, which are believed to be from the last or early this year, show how security guards beat young people with sticks, while these have been forced to make a handstand against a wall.
The head of the UN Human Rights Agency is now demanding an in-depth investigation.
"It has always been difficult to keep this country together and in the future it will become even more difficult," said Rashid Abdi, the project manager of the Horn of Africa of the International Crisis Group, a research group.
After Nigeria, Ethiopia is Africa's most populous country and its stability is appreciated by the West.
American military and intelligence agencies are working closely with the Ethiopians to combat terror threats beyond the region, particularly in Somalia; few countries in Africa, if any, receive so much Western aid.
Ethiopia's economy expanded at a considerable pace.
Its infrastructure has improved dramatically - there is a new commuter train in the capital, Addis Ababa.
The streets are usually quiet, safe and clean.
Even if Ethiopia was anything but a model for democracy - human rights organisations have continuously cited repression by the government - the opposition in the country has been restricted, with dissidents effectively silenced.
Many were sent into exile or sent to prison, killed or driven into the expanses of the desert.
But that could change.
"If you suppress people and these have no other options except to protest, it breaks out," said Seyoum Teshome, a lecturer in central Ethiopia.
All the youth are protesting.
A generation protesting.
There are numerous complaints covering everything from land use to stranglehold in relation to power of the ruling coalition.
After a widely criticised election last year, the ruling party and its allies received the last seat of the opposition and now control 100 per cent of parliament.
At the same time, tensions are rising along the border with Eritrea; a battle over this jagged, controversial line claimed hundreds of lives in June.
Analysts fear that separatists such as the Oromo Liberation Front or the Ogaden National Liberation Front, which have been more or less defeated in recent years, could exploit the turmoil and rearm themselves.
Several factors explain why feelings of bitterness are now exploding after years of crashing beneath the surface.
The first seems harmless: Smartphones.
It was only in recent years that very many Ethiopians were able to communicate via social media, as cheaper smartphones were becoming more common and Internet services improved.
Even if the government blocks access to Facebook and Twitter, which it does at regular intervals, especially in protests, many people can still communicate via internet proxies that hide where they reside.
Several young Ethiopians said that they so gathered to protest.
The second factor is that there is more solidarity between the Oromos and Amharas, the two largest ethnicities in Ethiopia.
The Oromos and Amharas are not natural enemies.
Since aeons, the Amharas, who come from Ethiopia's predominantly Christian highlands, have prospered in politics and economics, while exploiting the Oromos, many of whom are Muslim and live in lowland areas.
But that, too, is just changing.
"We are in the process of coordinating under an umbrella," said Mulatu Gemechu, a leader of Oromos.
The biggest protests took place in areas of Amhara and Oromos.
Many Amharas and Oromos feel that Ethiopia is unfairly dominated by members of the Tigray ethnic group, who make up around 6 per cent of the population and who are dominant in the military, intelligence, trade and politics.
The third reason for the unrest is the death of Meles Zenawi.
Mr Meles, a former rebel leader, was Ethiopia's prime minister for 17 years until his death on an undisclosed illness in 2012.
He was viewed as a tactical genius, a man who could think about corners.
Analysts say he was particularly adept at perceiving early signs of discontent and using special representatives to process opponents and make them harmless.
"The current regime lacks this fundamental skill," said Mr. Abdi, a conflict analyst.
Ethiopia's new prime minister, Hailemariam Desalegn, was selected for relatively obscure reasons to take the position of Mr Meles.
Unlike Mr Meles, who came from the Tigray region of northern Ethiopia, Mr Hailemariam comes from the south.
Analysts say he does not enjoy the confidence of the security services controlled by the Tigray.
Many fear the result will be more bloodshed.
The last time Ethiopia experienced such a riot was in 2005, after thousands protested against elections that, according to analysts, were seemingly botched by the government and subsequently stolen.
During the subsequent raids, many protestors were killed, even though it was less than in recent months and this period of unrest went over relatively quickly.
Development experts praised Ethiopia's leaders for their visionary infrastructure planning, such as the new commuter train, as well as for their measurable progress in poverty reduction.
But it appears that this has not prevented an intensification of the internal resentment of the Ethiopian Government.
And it takes a dangerous ethnic form.
Last month, protestors in Gondar, an amhardy city, attacked Tigray, and hatred of the Tigray is becoming increasingly common on social media.
Analysts say that the protests put the U.S. and other Western allies in a peculiar position.
The American government used Ethiopia as a base for drone flights over neighboring Somalia, even though it recently announced that it has closed that base.
While the West clearly wants to support democracy, he does not want its ally to collapse in an already volatile area.
"This," Mr. Abdi said, "is a very thin tightrope."
Donald Trump explains his claim Obama founded ISIS was "sarcasm"
Donald J. Trump on Friday sought to dispel the latest controversy that surrounds his campaign by suggesting that his oft-repeated claim that President Obama and Hillary Clinton would be the "founders" of the Islamic State group had not been serious.
This clarification raised new questions about the communication skills of the Republican presidential candidate, whether he was able to communicate in a clear and understandable way with the American public.
It also brings his associates, who seek to protect him during an eventful period, in the peculiar position of having to explain statements that he might not have meant at all.
After making the suggestion at a campaign event Wednesday night, Mr. Trump ruffled back in relation to the claim on Thursday, insisting in interviews that he really did not intend to suggest the president and Mrs. Clinton had created ISIS.
But in an early-morning tweet on Friday, Mr. Trump said he was simply sarcastic.
The tweet was the contrast to the previous day that Mr. Trump said in a series of interviews that he meant the accusation was utterly serious.
When conservative radio host Hugh Hewitt wanted to help Mr. Trump soften the statement somewhat by reminding him that Mr. Obama wants to destroy ISIS, the Republican presidential candidate didn't want to know anything about it.
The latest storm of criticism boils down to Mr. Trump, while he has tried to deflect the focus of his campaign because of falling poll numbers on the economic situation.
Mr. Trump and Mrs. Clinton held speeches on the economic situation in Michigan this week.
On Friday, Mr. Trump tried to return to this issue again.
Speaking on Twitter, he warned that Mrs. Clinton's proposals would lead to higher taxes and that he found her speech boring.
Mr. Trump has already put sarcasm to his defense.
At the end of July, he drew strong criticism when he said that the Russians should hack Mrs. Clinton's emails, but he later declared "Of course I meant the sarcastic."
This method allows Mr. Trump to shift the linguistic boundaries in politics and then rustle back as needed.
"I think it's one of his methods to test how certain messages are recorded by his fans as they arrive, and then, if necessary," clarify "depending on what the reaction is," said Ruth Sherman, a communications expert who watches the language of both candidates.
However, I also believe he is clever enough to keep his statements vague enough so they can be interpreted in various ways.
Instead of defying the tone for presidential elections, Mr. Trump has adopted an even more corrosive tone as his poll numbers have continued to decline.
A new poll by NBC / Wall Street Journal / Marist, which was released Friday, showed a lead with a large lead in the states of North Carolina, Virginia, Colorado and a head-to-head race in Florida.
While Mr. Trump generally tries not to apologize for his provocative remarks, he frequently accuses his critics of distorting his statements or misunderstanding his sense of humour.
But while he is increasingly the focus of attention in the final months of his presidential campaign, Mr. Trump's jokes have put his loyal associates in the uncomfortable situation of having to stand up to him, regardless of how provocative his statements may be.
Rudolph W. Giuliani, a former mayor of New York and one of Trump's most prominent advocates, made a big effort to defend the candidate today in a CNN interview Thursday.
"I believe what he says are legitimate, political comments," so Mr. Giuliani said he was questioned on the accuracy of Mr. Trump's statements about whether Mr. Obama and Mrs. Clinton had founded the Islamic State.
It is true in this sense that before Obama ISIS was an almost unknown, small organization, he called them backbenchers, utterly wrong and that is why it happened because he pulled the troops out of Iraq.
Most mainstream Republicans are trying to argue that the Obama administration, in which Mrs. Clinton served as secretary of state, allowed ISIS to spread out by failing to aggressively control the situation in the Middle East.
Before the campaign events in Pennsylvania on Friday, Mr. Trump continued his attacks on the media, accusing them of riding on each of his words and being biased against him.
He derided the "poor, pitiful" television experts trying to understand him and said, "You can't do it!."
Some of the Democrats spooked over Mr. Trump's apology as just one more proof that he was unsuitable for president.
Once pushed over the price from the market, cafe comes back in Greenpoint
Verb Cafe was a shabby cafe in Williamsburg where you could only pay cash, which had no Wi-Fi, but served 15 years of good coffee.
Of course, prices were pushed out of his Bedford Avenue shopfront.
The business Soap Cherie, which replaced Verb in the summer of 2014, sells soap in the form of Cupcakes.
Locals mourned it as the last loss in a gentrifying city.
Artist Molly Crabapple wrote on Twitter, "I know New York is change, but I still can't believe that CBGB is dead, the Chelsea Hotel is exempt and verb is now a soap business."
But if New York is change, it's also reinvention.
A revitalised Verb Cafe opened last November in Greenpoint, less than a mile north of its original location.
The new verb has Wi-Fi and accepts credit cards, but still has some of the same staff and a similarly simple atmosphere.
The coffee is still good.
The new owner of the verb is Cisco Rodriguez, a longtime employee of the old cafe, who is the owner and managing director of the new cafe.
He began working at Verb in 2001 and stayed there until the end.
When he offered a customer to provide funds for a new outsider, he was excited to do it, he said.
Rodriguez, 36, maintained a lot of things.
Verb uses the same distributor for the bagels bought the same espresso machine model.
It even uses the same lamps from the old verb.
But Rodriguez said he also wanted to experiment.
He introduced new ingredients.
On the menu are sandwiches with bacon and cheese and there are garnishes like capers and saucy onions.
There are natural rice bowls.
The café doesn't serve beer, there are fresh juices for that.
After nine months, Rodriguez said he noticed a steady stream of old regular customers.
"A lot of old customers were also pushed out by prices from Williamsburg," he said.
Recently on a Sunday, Rebecca Oliveira was one such customer.
Oliveira, 34, used to live in Williamsburg and visited the verb regularly.
Even after she moved to Greenpoint, she would take the path.
After the verb had closed, she gave up the coffee drink for a while, she said.
"It became clear to me that it was on the coffee and on the culture in the verb that I liked," she said.
Now she drinks coffee again, even though she ordered a Blended Chai Tea that day instead of her usual Iced Coffee, which is another new addition.
Tom Rosenthal has been another long-time and loyal customer since the start of the verb in 2003.
He went there before work and invariably ordered the same.
"I came quarter after seven, every day, like a Swiss pocket watch and they prepare my Everything-bagel with butter," he said.
Photo Rodriguez said he wanted to experiment and add new ingredients to the menu.
Nowadays, Rosenthal still gets his usual order, but sometimes he changes his Everything-bagel with bacon, egg and cheese.
Rodriguez said that he had no grudge about the fact that the soap business took the old business space.
In fact, the owners of the Soap Cherie offered to produce a special soap for verb with the cafe's cold-brewed coffee as an ingredient.
"I think we're still going to go on their offer," Rodriguez said.
And the traditional, Polish residents of Greenpoints have also accepted the cafe.
A new customer has translated the menu into Polish and Rodriguez said that he pretends to exhibit them soon, so that his new neighbors feel welcome.
The location also has other benefits.
A local juice local would like to fill and sell the cold-brewed coffee.
There's a chance the cafe is expanding to a neighbouring building.
For many customers, a new verb is enough to get their old favourites.
Joseph Witt was a regular customer and said that he was destroyed on the ground when the cafe closed.
When the new cafe opened, Whitt said that entering the site and ordering a new coffee felt like a return home.
"I had to smell that," he said.
The depressing food of the economic crisis in "a plentiful meal"
In March 1933, shortly after his rise to president, Franklin Delano Roosevelt took his lunch in the Oval Office.
As a gourmet, President Roosevelt had a penchant for refined delicacies of Fifth Avenue like pâte de foie gras and Maryland water turtle soup.
His menu that day was slightly more modest: Stuffed eggs in tomato sauce, potato puree and as dessert a plum pudding.
"It was an act of culinary solidarity with suffering people," Jane Ziegelman said.
Her husband, Andrew Coe, added, "It was also a message to Americans about how they should eat."
The couple live in Brooklyn Heights and are both food historians.
Coes's last book "Chop Suey" acted from Chinese cuisine in the United States, while brick was told in her book "97 Orchard" about life in a residence on the Lower East Side from the food perspective.
Her latest collaboration, "A decent meal," which will appear at Harper Publishing on Tuesday, illustrates the history of American cuisine during the Great Depression.
They showed culinary solidarity when they meet with a reporter at the Eisenberg's Sandwich Shop for dinner, a small, sniffing snack in the Flatiron District, which has already been in business since the stock market crash in 1929.
Brick man, 54, ordered a fresh cheese sandwich with olive pieces, while Coe, 57, ate turkey with potato puree and vegetable mixture.
When the reporter ordered pecking, this found the pair fit for a discussion about eating in the era of the Great Depression.
"Rich food was very popular," Ziegelman said.
There was groundnut bread, liver cheese and bean bread.
They were made from an ingredient and something cheap, stretching the ingredient.
Imagine eating so many peanuts that they serve them as dinner.
Coe grinned.
"It must have laid in the stomach like lead," he said.
In the years before the Great Depression, the table was an All-You-Can-Eat buffet in an American household, especially in rural areas.
Crews of women cooked for male field workers and it was served freshly baked pastes for breakfast, lunch and dinner.
It was the Americans who sent food to starving Europeans during the First World War.
"It was a time when food became a central, tense topic for Americans," Coe begged why he and his wife wanted to write about it.
Just as tense was the new budget diet: Mysterious dishes such as brows and casseroles became staple foods, the casserole as a "wonderful way to reuse food leftovers," brick man noted, as chefs were able to hide unsavoury ingredients under a creamy sauce.
Fresh fruit has been replaced by cheaper dry fruit.
Meat, which was the centre of American cuisine for years, became a rarely serrated luxury.
Strange blends have been tried, as calorie-rich and nutritious gratification took precedence over taste or even healthy cooking.
During her research for the book, which also includes recipes, Ziegelman prepared a dish from that era, baked onions with peanut butter, too.
"It wasn't a popular addition at lunchtime," Coe says.
Brickman continues: "It was surreal."
Peanut butter and baked onions don't match each other.
It was typical of many of the home business recipes.
Like never before or since, budget economists - including Louise Stanley, head of the Federal Bureau of Home Economics between 1923 to 1943 - drove the country's eating habits in such a way.
By publishing recipes and articles in newspapers and magazines, they encouraged women to become "household politicians" and to live up to the challenge of turning pep like creamy spaghetti with carrots into delicious meals.
"A Square Meal" is a celebration of historical delicacies.
Particularly palatable are the reports of the government's response to starving citizens, such as President Herbert Hoover's Lass-me-cake-eating attitude.
While publicly praising the simple Iowa farm kitchen of his kitchen, he fed up like the billionaire man of world to whom he has become.
"He liked continental cuisine like fish with cucumber sauce," Coe said.
He ate in a nearly gold-plated dining room and wore a smoker.
He was delightfully out of touch with reality.
President Roosevelt might have made the same mistake if not his wife, Eleanor, had asked him to set an example with his stomach.
As described in the book, the hiring of a housekeeper with no interest in flavors by Mrs. Roosevelt meant that the White House produced the most boring meal in Washington, but also one of the most defiant. "
Many of the species from the era of the Great Depression, dealing with food, was discarded once the country got back on its feet.
The legacy is on our continuing focus on calories and food, Ziegelman said, as well as on how science was applied to food.
The pair admitted to the book's writing to better understand the eating habits of Ziegelman's mother-in-law - for example, how she couldn't throw away food.
"She had a real fear of wasting food," Coe said.
Ziegelman recalled: "She was actually making people sick."
There was the windbag incident.
After the plates were cleared at Eisenberg's, she and Coe drew a dessert they had prepared at home: The plum dessert that President Roosevelt ate at noon.
"It's called Prune Whip," Ziegelman said, adding that it was a nasty trick to miss humble recipes a chic name.
There was no beaten cream, just plums, some flour, sugar, water and cinnamon.
Everyone appeared somewhat reluctant to put a spoon in the taller, brown glibber.
Amazingly, it didn't look bad.
CoE picked up an aftershock three times.
Like a Can-Do budget maker, he said to his wife, "A few chopped walnuts would help."
Killed in bomb attack: He was the hero of Aleppo
He put his own life at risk to help others: Khaled Omar.
He was the hero of Aleppo: Khaled Omar dedicated his life to the people of Syria.
He risked everything to save others' lives.
Now the 30-year-old himself has died in a barrel bomb attack by the Assad regime.
Omar was a member of the "White Helmets," a civil protection group that, according to Bild newspaper, has so far saved close to 60,000 people.
2900 volunteers are risking their own lives to draw people from bombed homes and to provide first aid in the war zone.
They are the heroes of the war in Syria.
Omar was the face of the group: A video of the civil guard showing him during an 11-hour rescue of an infant from the rubble of a house, went around the world in 2014.
It made the Syrians the shining symbol in the horrors of war.
However, as a hero, he never saw himself, saying, according to Bild: "For me, this is the real jihad."
'If I'm dying to save lives, I think God sees in me a martyr. '
Just before Omar himself fell victim to an attack, he had spoken in a video about the latest bombing in Syria.
The helicopters have dropped four barrel bombs over the Alzadia district, one was filled with chlorine gas.
A woman and two children died, seven people suffering from breathlessness.
"We are now eliminating the toxic remains of the bomb so that not children play with it," the image quoted his last words before he died.
The Assad regime's deadly bomb had been intended to hit terrorists.
Greenland shark: The oldest vertebrae is nearly 400 years old
Rare sight.
Greenland sharks usually only come to the surface in winter.
This shark was allowed to return to the sea after an investigation on board the research ship Sanna.
He was born in 1624 and swims with well over a 1 km / h through the North Atlantic - to this day.
Greenland sharks only get up with 150 years of offspring.
The Greenland shark swims along the bottom of the North Atlantic, and in an hour it reaches an average of just 1,220 metres.
Only when it gets on, the five-metre-long animal accelerates to a hefty 2.6 km / h - and is half as fast as a robotic with this top speed.
This lifestyle characterised by slowness, however, seems to be a panacea for a high age.
Julius Nielsen of the University of Copenhagen and his colleagues report in the journal Science, at least, of a Greenland shark that could be 392 years old.
"Madness," comments Alexander Scheuerlein of the Max Planck Institute for demographic research in Rostock this life span, which means a world record for vertebrates.
While the evolutionary biologist has long suspected that Greenland sharks will be stone-aged.
Just lacked the evidence.
Greenland sharks are hard to watch, after all, they live mainly in the ice sea off the sparsely populated coasts of Canada, Greenland, Norway and Spitsbergen.
Because they prefer water temperatures around the six degrees Celsius, they usually appear on the surface only in winter.
About the lifestyle of Greenland sharks, researchers know correspondingly little.
They measured their slow pace when they replaced six animals with a transmitter in front of Spitsbergen.
Prey still make these sharks: In the stomach of an animal, researchers found the remains of a robotic, another had swallowed the jaw bone of a young polar bear.
They may be chasing sleeping animals or patrolling at the bottom of the ice sea and looking for carcasses that are torched from higher water layers to the bottom.
Julius Nielsen and his colleagues now examined 28 Greenland sharks that caught fishermen between 2010 and 2013 off Greenland or Spitsbergen as a by-catch from the depths of the North Atlantic.
The smallest shark was just 81 inches long, while the largest 502 inches measured.
To determine the age of the animals, they analyzed the lens core of sharks using the carbon-14 method.
This center of the eye lens is created even before the birth of the sharks, the proteins contained in it are not renewed later.
The two smallest sharks had striking a lot of carbon-14 in the lens core.
Their birth should therefore be after the early 1960 "s, when nuclear weapons attempted to inject greater quantities of this radioactive carbon into the atmosphere.
In the third-smallest animal, with 220 centimetres in length, the lineman, on the other hand, contained a small surplus of carbon-14 from the nuclear weapons tests, so it is likely to have celebrated its 50th birthday during its investigation in 2012.
All the major Greenland sharks, by contrast, had normal carbon-14 quantities in their lens core, which is caused by cosmic radiation in the atmosphere.
In fact, the carbon-14 watch for a 493 centimetre Greenland shark showed an age of 335 years, while the record shark is likely to be 392 years old at 502 centimetres.
That Greenland shark females only get offspring when they are longer than four metres, it was known.
Now, researchers of the length could be assigned an age.
Since one of the animals with 392 centimetres was probably on the threshold of sexual maturity and his age was determined at 156 years, Greenland sharks are obviously at least one and a half centuries old.
This, too, is likely to be a world record for vertebrates.
The fact that such methane is mainly found in icy waters is no coincidence.
Even the previous record holder, a 211-year-old Greenland whale in whose bacon on the neck put a 120-year-old harpoon top, was caught off Alaska.
Due to the low temperatures, the organism of the animals living there often runs on asparagus.
So they mature later - and age more slowly.
In order to keep warm in cold water, the animals are often particularly large.
Because the volume grows much faster than its surface, through which the animal loses heat.
The heat loss of one gram of mouse is therefore much greater than that of a gram elephant.
Another advantage: They have fewer enemies.
"So a smaller animal lives more dangerous and should focus on having as many offspring as possible as early as possible," explains the evolutionary biologist Scheuerlein.
A very large animal, on the other hand, should invest its resources more in a long life.
Building ground in double pack
With issues around building, the council has focused on the most recent meeting.
With relief, the panel took the message from Mayor Robert Putz that "finally the marketing of the recently designated residential areas can begin."
The sale of land in the residential areas "Straslweg" and "Schönau-West" (Binderstraße - expansion section 1) is no longer an obstacle to the sale of land in the residential areas "Straslweg" and "Schönau-West."
The local council is convinced that the building areas in the rural and quiet residential community of Schönau address young families and troubled seniors alike.
As it was said, builders can now report to the town hall, about the awarding of the plots, the council is expected to advise at its September meeting.
In order to be able to comply with requests for the settlement of other commercial enterprises, linked to job creation, the local council decided to amend the land-use plan, which was only re-created in the spring of this year, in sub-areas.
For example, in the area of Unterzeitlarn, the industrial area already designated there is extended by two plots in the direction of State Route 2112.
Frankfurt benefits from Brexit
Thus, in competition with Paris, Dublin and Luxembourg, the city on the Main has the best chance of attracting jobs and firms from London.
"It's very likely that Frankfurt will benefit the most from the Brexit vote," says Michael Voigtlands, head of the IW's competence field and property markets.
After the Brexit referendum, it is uncertain whether financial institutions will be allowed to continue to operate from London from financial operations across the EU.
For the so-called EU passport, they have so far been granted authorisation in the UK.
That's just using big U.S. banks.
Several banks have already announced plans to shift jobs.
The lobby association "Frankfurt Main Finance" expects 10000 new jobs on the Main within five years.
For Frankfurt, according to the IW, the seat of the European Central Bank (ECB), which combines responsibility for monetary policy and oversight of the eurozone's largest banks, as well as other key authorities such as the European insurance watchdog EIOPA and the Risk Board of ESRB.
In Paris, the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) has its headquarters, but it is less important for the financial industry than the ECB.
"The proximity to the central bank is important for banks as they can communicate so directly with supervision," says IW professor Voigtlands.
Luxembourg has a large fund industry, but, like Dublin, it is worse off when it comes to infrastructure.
Frankfurt is much easier to reach thanks to the large airport.
In addition, the city has easily accessible commercial real estate.
"In Paris, it's not so easy to find free high-quality offices," Voigtlands says.
In addition, on the Seine, rents for first-class commercial real estate are 50 per cent higher than on the main.
In addition, Frankfurt offers a higher quality of life than the competition thanks to good health care and infrastructure, as well as less crime.
In a ranking of consultancy Mercer, the city stands at number seven, Luxembourg at number 19, Dublin at number 33 and Paris at 37th place.
Even though quality of life is a matter of preferences: "With its already strong position as a financial location for the European single market, Frankfurt could attract more banks and investors," the IW concludes.
London, however, will remain the main financial centre in Europe despite the Brexit vote, the economic researchers say.
There is also the balance of power: In London, according to figures from Landesbank Helaba at the end of 2015, some 144,000 people worked in the banking sector, and in Frankfurt there were 62500.
Gilead receives legal costs from hepatitis C patent dispute with Merck
A U.S. District Court judge ruled that Gilead Sciences Inc was entitled to the refund of the legal costs incurred by her from the Hepatits C legal battle with pharmaceutical company Merck & Co Inc.
In June, Gilead was freed from a $200 million compensation payment for the violation of two patents by Merck, which was related to the blockbuster drugs Sovaldi and Harvoni of Gilead, after a U.S. judge uncovered a pattern of misconduct on the part of Mercks, including the Meineides and other unethical acts.
In collecting the lawsuit on Thursday, U.S. District Judge Beth Labson Freeman said that Gilead was entitled to enactment of the costs incurred while defending the case.
Merck is trying to equalise with Gilead, which dominates the market of a new generation of hepatitis C drugs that can cure over 90 percent of patients with liver disease.
The case dates back to 2013, when Gilead and Merck sued each other and took ownership of laboratory work involving Sofosbuvir, the active ingredient in Gilead's drugs.
US-backed troops say they have regained full control of Manbij from Islamic State
U.S.-backed troops have recaptured full control of the northern city of Manbij near the Turkish border after the last IS fighters in the city left them, a spokesman for the group said on Friday.
The Democratic Forces of Syria (DKS) comb through the city after the excerpt of the remaining group of fighters buried inside the city.
They have freed over 2,000 civilians held hostage by the militants, Sharfan Darwish of the Manbij Military Council, allied with the DKS, told Reuters.
"The city is now under complete control, but we are just carrying out clearances," he told Reuters.
Clintons earn $10.75 million in 2015 and pay 34.2% federal taxes
Hillary Clinton released her tax returns for 2015 on Friday, which resulted in an income of $US10.75 million for the Democrats' presidential candidate and her husband, and an effective federal tax rate of 34.2%.
In 2015, the Clintons donated $1 million to charities, mainly to the Clinton Foundation; former President Bill Clinton generated nearly $US5.3 million in speaking fees; the former secretary of state gave an income of $US3 million from publisher Simon & Schuster for her book on her tenure at the State Department.
Clinton's candidate for the vice presidency, Senator Tim Kaine of Virginia, is publishing his tax returns of the last 10 years, along with his wife, Anne Holton.
They paid an effective federal tax rate of 20.3% in 2015.
"Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine continue to set standards in terms of financial transparency," Clinton campaign aide Jennifer Palmieri admitted in a statement.
In a stark contrast, Donald Trump is hiding behind false excuses and backers in relation to his previous promises to release his tax returns.
It is common for US presidential candidates to publish their tax returns, although they are not required by law to do so.
Trump, a New York businessman, and his lawyers have indicated a tax audit by tax authorities as the reason for his denial.
"They're on the train," Clinton campaign aide Ian Sams wrote on Twitter, in reference to the release of the Democrats' presidential candidate.
On Thursday, Michael Cohen, Trump's special adviser, told CNN that he would not allow Trump to publish anything before the tax audits are not completed.
Trump's critics, including the 2012 Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney, have already vowed that his refusal raises questions about wealth, his donations to charities, his business conduct, and various other connections, particularly with Russia.
Clinton has already toppled on the issue and released a video on the internet on Friday in which high-ranking Republicans are urging Trump to release his tax returns.
On Thursday, she also addressed the issue during a speech on the economy in Michigan.
"He refuses to do what any other presidential candidate has done in recent decades and publish his tax returns," she said to the crowd.
Politico has reported that Trump paid no or very little tax during the 1990s for two years, and a business journalist at the New York Times quoted a number of tax lawyers and tax advisers on Friday, saying that this could still be the case.
Federal taxes have become an issue in the campaign.
Clinton supports a settlement named after the billionaire and investor Warren Buffett, who would ensure that people who earn more than $US1 million pay a tax rate of at least 30%.
President Obama also supports the proposal.
During a campaign event for Hillary Clinton last week in Omaha, Nebraska called for Buffett, whose Berkshire Hathaway industrial conglomerate has his seat here, to exchange Trump to a meeting to discuss their tax returns.
Buffett said he had also been subjected to a tax audit of the IRS and that Trump was "afraid" of voters rather than the tax authorities.
Clinton's campaign has released tax returns dating back to 2007.
The Clintons, who now live in Chappaqua, New York, paid on average an effective federal tax rate of about 32% between the years 2007 to 2014 and an effective combined tax rate of about 40.5%.
The Clinton's tax returns of 2015 showed that these were only $US100 of their income as a wage, unlike most of all Americans.
Their main asset was a low-cost index fund, from which the Clintons taxed dividends and earnings of $US109,000.
With contributions by Kevin Drawbaugh; edited by Jonathan Otis
Condoms with chilipuder, fireworks promote Tanzanian elephant protection
Conservationists in Tanzania use an unorthodox way to stop elephants from going to inhabited settlements in people - they throw condoms on them filled with chilipudes.
The method has proved effective and the Honeyguide Foundation, which already had the idea to do so years ago, has intensified its promotion, along with US conservation, by training volunteers in villages in northern Tanzania to use a non-violent four-step method to protect their homes and crops without injuring animals.
Previously, many spears used to defend themselves.
Friday is world phone day dedicated to animal welfare.
"Since we developed the... toolkit, we have been able to observe a change in their attitude within these communities, being much more confident that they can stop the elephants from their fields without harming the elephant in it," the managing director of Honeyguide Damian Bell said in a note.
The first two steps include lighting the elephant with a torch and the bubbles in a horn.
If he is not deterred, a so-called "Chilicloud" is thrown.
Chilipuder mixed with earth is packed together with a fireworks body into a condom, the end of which is turned down to the ignition.
When it is lit, the condom bursts with a bang and spits fine dust to Chilipuder into the air.
A touch quite usually already out to chase the elephant.
One last possibility is a scorer who shoots a gold fire in the air, causing a loud, bright explosion.
Councillor decides unanimously: No Kioskneubau at St Goarer's Rhine bank
Normally, the St. Goarer investment projects by tradespeople with Kusshand - the retail sector in the heartland is considered to be significantly expanding.
However, the City Council unanimously rejected the request for the construction of a sales kiosk on the banks of the Rhine in the immediate vicinity of the Rheinbalkons under construction.
"In principle, we welcome new tradespeople, but at this location in an exposed location on the banks of the Rhine, this kiosk does not fit in," explained Michael Hubrath for the CDU group.
Jewish director smashes Berlin hotel because Israeli preselection was removed after 'Arab' call - RT News
A French director with Jewish roots unleashed a media call after he revealed that the Kempinski Bristol Hotel in Berlin did not list an Israeli preselection as it had "requested" Arab guests, according to an employee.
Claude Lanzmann, author of the Holocaust documentary "Shoah" left his anger at the Kempinski Bristol Hotel in Berlin by writing an open letter to the German newspaper FAZ.
During his last stay, Lanzmann tried to find Israel on the hotel's pre-election list.
However, the country was not listed between the countries that can be called directly from the hotel room.
How is it possible in 2016 in Berlin, the capital of the new Germany, that Israel was eliminated and deleted?
Wrote Lanzmann.
Instead, the Kempinksi Bristol offers a way to choose Israel through its own call center.
According to a statement, the director turned to the hotel reception.
The response he received there "shocked him," as Lanzmann wrote.
The hotel worker said that the measure was a "deliberate decision by the management of the Kempinski Hotels."
The reason behind it sparked even more anger in the director.
"Most of our guests are Arabs and they have demanded that the preselection be deleted," Lanzmann's employee was quoted as saying.
Israeli Ambassador to Germany Yakov Hadas-Handelsman called this a "great shame," the Süddeutsche Zeitung reports.
We were appalled and dismayed by this event.
This is really very shameful.
The fact that this has happened in Germany in precisely this hotel chain is an even greater shame.
This needs no explanation.
We expect the hotel to "draw the right conclusions," the appointee said.
The incident sparked a pretty big response on the internet, where people called the whole thing a scandal.
Some told the Kempinski Hotel that it would have "caved in" to the alleged calls of Arab guests.
"Ashamed of you," it said in another post, noting that the hotel, located at the noble Kurfürstendamm, is near a synagogue.
The hotel quickly dismissed all accusations of himself and called the incident an "oversight" and "apologized" at Lanzmann, Der Spiegel reports.
"There has never been a direct instruction" not to include Israel in the quick-vote list, "the Süddeutsche Zeitung quoted a spokesman for the Kempinski Hotel as saying.
It adds that the country preselection has now been added.
Police use tear gas & rubber bullets against protesting Brazilian students
Students clashed with police in the Brazilian city of Sao Paulo on Thursday as they gathered to demonstrate against the government's reforms to the public education system.
Police fired tear gas and rubber bullets against the protesters.
The difficulties began when police officers tried to disperse students, resulting in police using rubber bullets and tear gas.
Several hundred students took part in the demonstrations to express their dismay at the plans.
According to proposals from the governor of the federal state of Sao Paulo Geraldo Alckmin, slightly fewer than 100 public schools will be closed, while 300,000 students are being implemented to save money.
Some of the protest participants saw graffitits against interim President Michel Temer spraying on walls.
The recent protests occurred a few days after protesters took to the streets in crowds to support suspended President Dilma Rousseff, who had been removed from office by a Senate vote on her dismissal.
Trade between Russia & Iran suddenly rises to 71% - RT Business
With the lifting of sanctions, according to the Russian ambassador to Iran, Levan Dzhagaryan, trade sales between Moscow and Tehran grew by 70.9 percent year-on-year.
Since international sanctions against Iran were lifted, interest on the part of Russian companies in shops in the country grew sharply, the ambassador said.
Russian companies are taking on existing links with Iran, while new firms are willing to gain access to the market.
Of course, further trade expansion is one of the biggest priorities of bilateral cooperation with Iran, "Dzhagaryan said.
He noted that trade sales between Russia and Iran increased by 70.9 per cent in the first five months of 2016 compared with the same period in 2015 and was $856 million.
In particular, Russian imports to Iran soared by 91.5 percent and totaled $697 million.
Russian imports from Iran rose 16 percent to $158 million.
The trade recovery was achieved by deliveries of machinery, land vehicles and weapons, "the ambassador said.
Dzhagaryan goes by a record number of Iranian tourists in Russia for this year.
Last year, Russian foreign representation issued around 35,000 Visas, primarily travel visas, to Iranian citizens.
Moreover, Iran reached the top 20 countries in terms of the number of tourists in Russia.
You could say that the record numbers of Iranian tourists in Russia from last year, broken, "he said.
At the same time, relatively few Russians visit Iran, something the ambassador hopes will change.
"I personally can recommend visiting the cities of Isfahan, Shiraz and Yazd, who have preserved monuments of ancient Persian civilization in a good state," he said.
Witnesses sought: Drink market invaded in forest broil
A robbery has been carried out on the drinks market of Rewe XXL at Waldbröler Gerberstraße on Thursday night.
Under preoccupation of a firearm, three dark-clad people who had conjoined their faces demanded the release of cash from the employee of the drinks market and then fled first on foot and then presumably with a silver-coloured VW Golf.
How much money was extracted is not shared by the police.
The perpetrators are believed to have been between 1.60 and 1.70 feet tall, so relatively small.
The beverage market is directly accessible and poorly accessible from the parking deck of the Rewe market.
After the raid in the direction of Gerberstraße, Friedrich-Engelbert-Weg, the perpetrators must have fled from the car park opposite the car park entrance with the silver-coloured car, possibly in the direction of B 256 (Schladernring).
Anyone who made observations at the time of the offence (at around 7.45pm), which is in connection with the robbery, is expected to report to police as a matter of urgency.
Nagold: Game and fun at summer release
Eight beautiful and happy days spent the children and young people of the social-educational day group / social group work of the child protection group Nagold with their carers on their summer free time in Nussdorf, near Mühlacker.
In the quietly located leisure home Hardtwasldle, the life-loving group was quarantined during the first school holiday week.
Several full-day trips were on the programme.
For one thing, it went to Bretten with the visit of the petting zoos.
On the other hand, to Maulbronn, where there was a special children's guide in the world-famous monastery.
The third outing led to Pforzheim.
At the Celtic Museum in Hochdorf, the group learned a lot about the everyday life and food of the Celts.
On the hot days, the group had fun at the Tiefensee in Maulbronn, which invited you to jump, swim and plan.
Children and caregivers have been pampered with their self-prepared meals, such as the Sauren Spätzle, the Seebronner Pfännle, Iselshauser-Bloff, the English Breakfast and Tübinger Bolognese.
In workshops, tanned, beautiful pieces of pearls and stones were created or made of wood a Roman-mill game.
Other highlights of the leisure time were fishing in a nearby pond, the evenings on the fire and the final "Bunte evening."
On the day of the journey home, the sun laughed and the children and young people returned home.
Haigerloch: Pilgrims to the gate of mercy
The miniseries from the watchdog Eyachtal-Haigerloch St. Anna were en route on a four-day pilgrimage from Villingen to Freiburg.
Together, four stages have been completed.
In order to bridge the time until the next Roma pilgrimage of all miniseries in probably two years, the Oberministrantenround St. Anna has decided to prepare and carry out a multi-day pilgrimage.
Various places of pilgrimage were examined and it was finally decided for the bishop city of Freiburg, where this year, on the occasion of the Holy Year of mercy with the gate of mercy at the Freiburger Münster, a special pilgrimage destination was offered.
16 Minis from Bittelbronn, Gruol, Haigerloch and Heiligenrooms made their way.
On the evening before, pastor Storost sent the pilgrims in a small celebration in St. Anna, blessed the pilgrimages and gave the pilgrimages.
From Horb, it was driven by train to the starting point of Villingen, where there is also a Muster of Our Lady, and so the pilgrim from Münster took place.
The individual day tours were framed in the morning and in the evening by a short impulse with various prayers, songs and texts.
But also along the way, the Minis on field crosses, chapels or churches repeatedly made roast to sing together a song from specially assembled pilgrim song booklet.
For the nights, parishes of the local parishes were available.
At the stage targets, Alexandra Burkhardt and Heidi Faller provided a tasty as well as strengthening dinner and breakfast.
Further on, the second day went through furlongs to Gütenbach.
On the way to St. Peter, which was the most demanding route, they had to get off at an altitude of about 500 meters at the end of the season.
In the evening, the deserved reward was a common grilling at the Badweiher.
After the morning impulse on the fourth day of pilgrimage in the imposing monastery church of St. Peter, the final stage went to Freiburg.
Visibly relieved and happy, the Minis met at the Freiburger Münster later in the afternoon and passed through the gate of mercy.
With a little impulse, God was thanked here.
In the evening fair in Münster, the Minis arriving at the pilgrim's destination were welcomed by co-operative Markus Obert.
After the service, the pilgrims were able to visit the sacristy and the high altar.
The next day was still time for the Breisgaumetropolis.
In the afternoon, it went back to Horb by train.
In the end, all participants agreed that the days were marked by spirituality and a strong community experience.
Scot Callum Skinner stormed home as Briton wins gold for cycling
Scotland's Callum Skinner raced to fame last night in the men's team sprint at the Velodrom in Rio when the British team defended the title of London 2012.
The 23-year-old from Glasgow took the anchor role, which his compatriot Sir Chris Hoy had embraced, making the legend proud when he stormed home to take home a win from the favourites New Zealand.
England claimed a shocking victory four years ago, while Hoy took the fifth of six Olympic medals.
They repeated the trick after catching only a modest sixth in March at the rail world championships in London despite the resignation of Hoys.
The problem between Beijing and London was the replacement of the recruit Jamie Staff.
They did so in time as Hindes appeared.
Hoy's retirement generated a gap that Kian Emadi and Matt Crampton tried to close.
Skinner was the man where they stayed when they saw potential in the Scots, which has now unfolded.
Hindes, Kenny - who won with Hoy four years ago - and Skinner set an Olympic record in the qualifying rounds, but in the standard rounds, the New Zealanders won in the first round.
And the British trio won the duel with gold.
Hindes fell short after his round, but Kenny brought the team forward and Skinner held it.
A change of strategy made a big part of the transformation, in which Hindes drove in a higher gear to slow him down and allow Kenny, and especially Skinner, to keep pace.
Hoy looked on from his position as a BBC expert and dropped Skinner, Kenny and Hindes when these rose to the podium.
The 23-year-old Skinner from Glasgow said: "It's a flattering comparison."
I'm only here to do my best and make a name for myself.
We set an Olympic record in the finals and defeated the world champions.
It was just unbelievable.
There is no better way to win.
After the 2012 triumph on the side of Kennys and Hoys, Hindes admitted that he intentionally fell on the train after a poor start.
He later withdrew that statement and there was no appeal from England's rivals.
In such an outstanding victory, there was no such problem this time.
Hindes said: "It feels with all the GB flags in the gallery like London."
We've come together as a team in the last three months.
We got away so badly at so many world titles that it was incredible to win again at the Olympics.
This is an event, a gold medal for the nation that won seven out of 10 titles in both Beijing and London.
If this is a barometer of our progress over the last five months, we expect successful five days in the velodrome.
With the form of Kennys, it is in the realm of the possible that he repeats Hoy's win of three Olympic gold medals in a competition.
That would mean for Kenny - who is exactly 12 years younger than Hoy, who was also born on March 23 (an apparently sacred date for British sport; on the day, Steve Redgrave, Mo Farah and Roger Bannister were also born) - a yield of six gold medals and a silver medal.
That would be the same from Hoy.
Kenny takes next in the sprint, which begins today and will go over three days.
The 28-year-old from Bolton said: "I'm just enjoying this for the moment."
The team event is always best.
You can win it with his colleagues.
It feels somewhat lonely to win on its own.
Hindes said: "If he wins two more gold medals, he should be beaten to the knight."
It was the only medal contest of the day, but there was more good news for England.
Sir Bradly Wiggins, Ed Clancy, Steven Burke and Owain Doull qualified with the fastest performance in the four-game four-kilometre race.
They came in 3: 51,942 on goal.
The world record, which won gold in London in 2012, was 3: 51,659.
The first and final round (22.42) will take place today on the second day of the competition, where Wiggins will certainly be the focus.
He had been arguing with envoy before qualifying yesterday when officials called on him to measure his body size.
In the corresponding women's competition, which will continue and end tomorrow, Laura Trott, Joanna Rowsell Shand, Elinor Barker and Katie Archibald of Milngavie in world record time in 4: 13,260.
The GB team is relying on its strong rail cycling team to dominate the middle period of the Olympics and pick up a chunk of medals.
After a truly extraordinary display of absolute dominance in Beijing and London, expectations for Rio were shut down.
It played drama in the background, according to the resignation of technical director Shane Sutton in April amid sexting and bullying allegations, as well as the retirement of sizes such as Hoy and Victoria Pendleton.
However, if you look at the first evening of the competition in the Velodrom, it looks like the now legendary reputation of GBs, which reached its peak at the perfect moment, could be repeated again.
Future of Portland's melting down due to lifting of energy contract questionable
The future of Portland's aluminium smelting in Victoria - as well as hundreds of jobs from workers - is at stake, as the plant operator will terminate the energy supply contract and thus lift all supply contracts, according to the supplying energy company.
That move followed the government's decision in Victoria earlier this year not to award any further subsidies to operate the facility.
A subsidy set for 20 years expires in November.
Up to 2,000 jobs at Alcoa's plant in Portland are at stake.
No fewer than 2,000 jobs - direct and indirect - could be at risk of closure.
In addition, there could be knock-on effects, as the melting process consumes about 10 per cent of the total power generation Victorias consumed.
In 2014, Alcoa completed the Point Henry melting, which led to the closure of the Anglesea power plant last year.
Alcoa's melting in Portland is losing money and risking closure.
This move follows years of speculation about the future of the plant, originally as a result of the strong Australian dollar and most recently due to the electricity price for the plant.
AGL, which supplies the large aluminium smelter with its Loy Yang A power plant in Latrobe Valley, said that it assumes that three other owners will terminate their contracts.
The plant is in the majority possession of a joint venture between Alcoa and Alumina, of which the Chinese company CITIC and Japan's Marubeni Corp hold smaller shares.
"AGL assumes the plant will continue to operate in Portland, which means further physical demand for electricity by melting," the company said.
AGL continued to say that the contracts are so-called "backup operations," which should have come into effect from November 2016.
The contracts have a 12-month notice period so they will end in 2017.
"As a result, AGL assumes that the contracts will contribute to revenue in fiscal year 17," the electricity supplier said.
Any potential impact on AGL's revenue from FY18 is currently limited by forecasts of strong futures markets for wholesale electricity prices.
AGL said that it had already written off the value of the contracts in its annual total of $187 million in "expectation of a termination."
Alcoa said that the decision to book out the contracts did not impair the "ability of Alcoas... to do the melting or to ensure the power supply to the melting."
The US company said it completed a 20-year contract with Loy Yang in 2010, which should have come into effect from November this year, even though it is still guilty of an explanation as to why it resigned from the contract.
Analysts are warning of the industry's poor economic conditions ahead of the possible closure of the Portland melting plant in Victoria and the Tomago plant near Newcastle.
Referring to the analysts' statements earlier this week, Head of Operations Stephen Mikkelsen said that Portland consumes about 600 megawatts and Tomago about 900 megawatts of electricity each year.
If both plants were to disappear from the market, that would mean a significant reduction in demand on the [electricity market].
And for us as generators, that wouldn't be good, "he said.
More than just a Kardashian reality TV star, Kendall is on the cover of the September edition of Vogue
Kendall Jenner, 20, model and fourth daughter of the manager and mother of the Kardashian-Jenner clan Kris is on the cover of the coveted September edition of US Vogue.
Kendall, who is the brand ambassador of Estee Lauder and ran on the Fashion Weeks in Milan, Paris and New York, announced the news on her Instagram account on Thursday.
"In a room full of people I love, the sight of this cover brought me to the wines," Kendall wrote.
The revelation of the cover-up was followed by a bizarre (or simply Keeping Up with the Kardashians similar?), scripted reality video showing the entire Kardashian-Jenner family (with the exception of the problem cases Rob and Caitlyn as well as in the presence of the much-loved showbiz uncle and producer of Keeping Up Ryan Seacrest) as they have forgotten the cover of their sister and that ends with a classic twist: They have all planned a surprise party.
This represents the cliched plot of almost every birthday episode of a children's show (Seacrest brought the phrase, "You thought that we would have forgotten you?," with the honesty of a cartoon canine on a broadcast slot at 8 in the morning), but Kris had to somehow let her other girls take part in this publicity.
With regards to the September issue of Vogue, certainly a new era of the Kardashians has begun.
Kendall's big sister, Kim, may have beaten her in terms of the Vogue cover (she and her husband Kanye West were seen on it in April 2014), but the cover of the September issue of the magazine is a league for itself.
The September issue is the most selling edition of the year for Vogue.
With a scope more akin to a picture band than a fashion magazine, the output attracts a large number of advertisers (Laut Fashionista were from the 832 pages of the tome's 615 pages advertising).
The unveiling of his cocoon is so eagerly awaited that in the last two years, images of the magazine were leaked even before the official announcement.
Women already on the cover include Naomi Campbell, Linda Evangelista and Kate Moss.
In recent years, there have clearly been more "celebrities who are mocking" as "models that are famous" on the cover.
Oscar winner and Dior brand ambassador Jennifer Lawrence was on the cover in 2013, a year after Lady Gaga had the honour.
But even at the low chance that Ms. Jenner - described by the magazine as the "breakthrough model" of her generation - falls under the former category, she is in good company.
These celebrities are not related to famous people or reality stars or young people of today who know how to turn a good Snapchat video (even if it all applies to Jenner).
They are really talented women who excel in the entertainment industry.
Beyonce, who appeared on the final cover, had one of the most successful years of her career with the release of Lemonade.
Of course, Jenner's success doesn't please everyone.
With her reality TV history, Jenner's position in the fashion world has always been somewhat fraught.
In June, incoming Victoria's Secret model Stephanie Seymour Jenner and her colleague Gigi Hadid criticised her and called them "the mistpieces of the moment."
Those feelings boiled over again when the news came out with the appearance of Jenner on the Vogue cover.
But riding on the resentment seems to be at the point.
Kendall Jenner is on the cover of the September issue of Vogue.
She is literally a supermodel.
She runs for Marc Jacobs.
She makes adverts for your primer of Estee Lauder.
She and all her sisters sell you pictures of themselves on their respective paywall apps.
She sells from her made images of Cindy Crawford's daughter to the magazine LOVE.
And in her spare time she is seen on reality TV, presumably only to see her sister Kourtney and their children.
Community legal centres point out 160,000 people each year
More than 160,000 of the country's aid needs are dismissed annually by community legal centres, while the industry is grappling with the impact of further funding cuts on already overstretched transactions.
In Queensland, three out of five people - mostly older people, immigrants, vulnerable workers, victims of violence, and those who do not have funds for unfair Deloitte and the like - are being turned away at their request for free legal advice and legal counsel.
Legal services of the community, which are already overly busy, are getting ready for further cuts.
As of June next year, it is envisaged that these legal centres will lose another 30 per cent of their federal funding.
The director of the community centres of Queesland James Farrell said that the latest survey by the National Association of Community Law Centres found that thousands of people are already being turned away each year.
Farrell said that the situation would only get worse without a repeal of the federal government's decision.
"Queensland's community legal centres are chronically underfunded, meaning thousands of people are being turned away from important services you need," he said.
People who leave violent relationships, people with unmanageable and crushing debts, families who go through divides, workers who have been unfairly dismissed - all these people have problems of a legal nature and this survey shows they can't get the help they need.
The federal government will cut funding by 30 per cent from June 2017, meaning thousands of more vulnerable people from Queensland will be forced to cope with their legal problems without any help.
We call on the attorney general and federal regulators, as well as senators of Queensland George Brandis, to immediately lift these funding cuts so that people can get the help they need in case of legal problems.
Last year, the national government fulfilled its commitment to raise funds for legal aid to the national average.
It is now time to look at the needs of community centres and their client communities, and that the Palaszczuk government is investing in this important work.
Donald Trump election campaign charged after staff allegedly pulled gun
New York: Donald Trump's campaign has been charged with alleged inaction after she was told that her campaign manager for North Carolina turned a firearm on an employee in February while traveling in a Jeep in February.
The incident is described in an indictment filed Wednesday in the National Court of Charlotte by Vincent Bordini, a former software programmer for the campaign in that state.
Bordini admitted to waiting for months that the matter would be dealt with internally before he realised that "this would not happen."
The campaign manager, Earl Philip, "pulled a pistol, put his right index finger on the deduction, and rammed the run in Vincents knee throat," Bordini admitted in his indictment.
After complaining to the local and regional campaign board, Bordini noted that at least four other people had already made the same experience with Phillip, he admitted in the indictment.
"Guns don't have to be fired to cause harm," Bordini admitted.
The indictment comes just two days after the Republican presidential candidate sparked an uproar when he told a crowd in North Carolina that the "Second Amendment people" - firearms owners and gun lovers - should take action if his rival Hillary Clinton is elected and appoint judges.
Trump's campaign made it clear that the media had taken his words out of context and that he would not incite violence.
Bordini's complaint requires compensation from the campaign for the violation of due diligence and from Philip for assault occasioning bodily harm and bleaching psychological damage.
Trump's press secretary, Hope Hicks, could not be reached for comment.
Attempts to contact Philip also failed.
WCCB, a local news channel in Charlotte, reports that Phillip is no longer an employee of the campaign.
There has been no response to calls to his consulting firm, Innovative Consulting Services.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has led a controversial campaign so far.
The procedure is Bordini v. Donald J. Trump For President Inc., 16-CS-14300, Supreme Court, County of Mecklenburg (Charlotte).
Berlin / Schwerin: Poll ahead of country elections: SPD and CDU lose
In the upcoming elections in the federal states of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern (4 September) and Berlin (18 September) there are significant losses for the governing parties of the SPD and the CDU.
This resulted in representative surveys of the opinion research institute INSA for the Bild newspaper (Friday).
While the red-black coalition government in the north could narrowly continue to rule, this is not possible after the polls in Berlin.
In both federal states, however, the SPD would be the strongest party and would have a good chance of continuing to be the leader.
In Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania, the SPD plunged from 35.6 percent five years ago to 24 percent.
The party would be just ahead of the CDU, according to the poll, which could come back to 23 percent.
Third place is controversial between the left and the AfD.
The left would be on 19 per cent (previously 18.4 per cent), while the AfD would be represented at 19 per cent for the first time in the county.
The Greens are hesitating, despite slight losses, with 6 per cent (previously 8.7 per cent) back in the weigh-in country day.
NPD and FDP would not be represented in the country with 3 percent each.
In the Berlin Chamber of Deputies, according to the poll, the poll would be only 23 percent (election 2011: 28.3 percent).
The CDU reached only 18 percent after 23.4 percent.
It would still be behind the Greens with 19 per cent (2011: 17.6 per cent), but ahead of the left with 15 per cent (previously 11.7 per cent).
The AfD would be represented at 14 per cent for the first time in the Chamber of Deputies.
With 5 per cent, the FDP could be hoping for a return, but the pirates would miss entry in contrast to 2011.
Nokia 9000 Communicator: The first smartphone
E-mail and Internet in slow motion: 20 years ago the Nokia Communicator came on the market.
The successors dominate the world today - its manufacturer experienced a disaster.
The device weighed nearly half a kilogram and was more than four times as heavy as an iPhone 5.
It was thicker and bigger, so it wasn't well in hand.
On the contrary, it was pretty knock-on.
The built-in memory initially was eight megabytes, which would be enough today for roughly two selfies with high resolution.
An iPhone is now shipped with at least 16 gigabytes.
The "Nokia 9000 Communicator" came into business exactly 20 years ago, on August 15, 1996 - and it was the first smartphone.
For a few euros, lovers can still buy the devices on the Internet, but they somehow come from the Stone Age of the Internet age.
Twenty years ago, however, the Communicator was a sensation.
The Finnish mobile phone manufacturer announced the product a few months earlier at the computer fair Cebit in Hannover as an "office in Westentaschenformat."
In fact, the new mobile phone could do a lot for then standards: SMS and e-mails could be sent and received, even by fax was to reach the Communicator.
Even access to websites was possible via HTML browser, albeit agonisingly slow.
A calculator was available, a digital address book and an electronic calendar.
There was a small antenna, and the phone could be folded up in the same way as a laptop.
Then found a small keyboard and a black and white screen.
Pretty proud was the price: 2700 D-Mark, which is about $1400.
The average selling price of a smartphone in Germany was $392 in 2015.
No one could have guessed in August 1996 that the Communicator would become the beginning of the smartphone era.
Everything has changed since then.
The smart phones are a success story, though not for Nokia.
The mobile phone division of the Finns experienced an unprecedented disaster, eventually sold to Microsoft and settled.
Today, the market is dominated by suppliers, all of whom came much later than Nokia.
Always and everywhere online, this is today for a lot of people everyday.
In 2015, there were nearly two billion smartphone users worldwide.
About 1.4 billion devices have been sold, and Samsung and Apple alone account for 555 million units.
Global sales with the devices are around 400 billion euros.
This is followed by the well-running business of the countless app providers and telecommunications companies.
Around the smartphone, an entire industry has since emerged.
The crucial breakthrough to the mass market came only in early 2007, at the time Apple CEO Steve Jobs announced on Mac World the introduction of the iPhone.
He promised three devices in one: A music player, a phone and an internet communicator, all by touch screen easy to use.
Apple's winning streak began, even today the iPhone is the group's most important product.
Nokia, Motorola and Blackberry, which dominated the market, had the sequel.
They eventually disappeared, Blackberry has struggled.
The ire now has Apple and Asian suppliers such as Samsung.
The smartphone is self-evident 20 years after its invention.
On average, every German now looks at his mobile phone 88 times a day.
"We all need to learn to move the smartphone away, too," said just Janina Ball, in charge of the Siemens board of staff.
Permanent accessibility is now considered a curse and blessing at the same time.
England must steer the Olympic spirit and expand Heathrow
Heathrow will bring renewal and prosperity not only in our local communities and across London, but across the country.
For me, this represented the biggest attraction of Heathrows, just as it was back in 2012 in London, when we ran a big effort to ensure that all of our nations and regions benefited from the Games.
The Olympics brought great benefits for Stratford and the East End.
And that will be achieved again by creating new opportunities for local residents and firms near Heathrow.
For our local communities, we will already create 10,000 new apprenticeships, 40,000 new jobs and put an end to youth unemployment in the airport environment.
Just as they were ahead of us at London 2012, there will be those who will think that the challenge of enlarging Heathrows is too great.
I have been told that England will never be ready for the Games and that we will embarrass ourselves on the world stage.
The doubters were wrong in 2012 and they will also be wrong at Heathrow.
There are always obstacles to overcome, but Heathrow answers every question put to him.
Like the Olympics, Heathrow is an infrastructure project for many and not for individual.
Expansion is a way to create up to 180,000 new jobs, £211 billion in weather-related growth and leave a legacy of skills and employment both around the airport and across GB.
We have a great team at Heathrow, which has implemented a £11bn expensive infrastructure investment program in time and budget, from the T5 - which was chosen five years in a row to become the world's best airport terminal, to the T2, which was built in the midst of the world's two busiest catwalks.
Now they are poised to deliver a third catwalk, which is supported by £16 billion in private investment.
The 2012 London Games have been a great success for GB and I am confident that the expansion of Heathrow will also be one.
It is time for us to steer this Olympic spirit and expand Heathrow, while securing our future trade and creating a legacy of skills and employment that England can be proud of.
Lord Paul Dwarton is chairman of the Heathrow board and former Commercial Secretary to the Treasury
Adblock Plus, Facebook in "cat and mouse game" regarding ad blocking
For companies that make money with online advertising, according to one of the software manufacturers, attempts to circumvent ad blocking are tantamount to a "cat and mouse game."
On Thursday, just two days after Facebook announced that it would block ad lockdowns on its desktop site, Adblock Plus released a blog post announcing that users could update their filters in the program to again block advertising on the social network.
On Tuesday, Facebook announced that its desktop site would change coding regarding its advertising ads to make it more difficult to detect the detection of which part of the site is advertising.
But Adblock announced that it has found a new way to circumvent the new codes.
In a blog post, the spokesman for Adblock Ben Williams wrote that "this kind of back-and-forth fight has already been underway between the antimised open source community and the revellers since the invention of ad blockers," and that it is possible that Facebook will soon come up with a new solution.
The fact that the world's largest company has entered the fight on social media is a strong indication of how worrying ad blockers have become for the industry.
Globally, according to a study published last year by Pagefair and Adobe, some 200 million people use ad blockers; nearly four times as much in 2013.
With 1.03 billion daily active users accessing Facebook via their mobile terminals, mobile advertising makes up 84 per cent of advertising revenue Facebooks.
The company has it on ad blockers on desktop PCs, as mobile ad blockers have no effect on Facebook's mobile app for the social network and Instagram, a spokesman said.
Advertising on desktop PCs accounts for a sufficient amount of revenue, so Facebook considers the investment of such a step to be worthwhile.
On Tuesday, Facebook announced that it would update its "ad preference tool" to allow people to have more control over advertising aimed at them.
On Thursday, Facebook claimed that Adblock's new filters would be worrying because they would also block content on the site that are not advertising.
"For users, this does not represent a positive experience, so we plan to address the problem," a spokesperson told Facebook in an email message.
Ad blockers are a blunt means, which is why we have instead focused on developer tools like Ad Preferences to put more control in people's hands.
Woman overpowered in suspected suicide on Swiss highway
The victim was on the highway in the middle of the night.
Police are calling for witnesses after a woman went overboard in the early hours of Thursday in a suspected suicide of several vehicles on a highway.
The incident occurred on the A1 near Morges in the canton of Vaud just after midnight.
A woman put himself on the road in the dark "in an act of desperation" and were hit by several cars, police in Vaud said.
It is obvious that a Swiss woman, aged 49, who was overpowered by several vehicles, including a truck, wanted to kill himself.
She still passed away on the ground.
Several drivers have already been heard, but some have still not been identified, said police, who are urging these as well as any witnesses to the incident to sign up.
An investigation has been opened, which is a "logical" step in such a situation, Gilles Hofstetter told Le Tribune de Geneve.
However, it remains to be seen if any of the drivers will be displayed.
Was a collision avoidable?
That's something the prosecutor has to decide, "Hofstetter said.
Two similar cases over the past five years show that drivers are not being held accountable.
In each of the two cases - where a person ran in the dark on the highway - it was decided that motorists don't have to assume that a pedestrian walks on the highway in the middle of the night, as stated in the newspaper.
Last year, a policewoman was acquitted of negligent homicide after she overpowered and killed a man who was lying on the A1 near Payerne in August 2014.
The 22-year-old victim had been drinking and has become unconscious on the street, arresting the court.
The court found that the police officer -- who had responded to an emergency call -- drove in a justified manner and that the presence of a man on the street was a "completely extraordinary and unpredictable situation," the judge said.
Anyone who has any further information about the incident on Thursday near Morges should contact police under the number 021 644 83 46 or 021 644 44 44.
NASA climate model: Venus was once habitable
Venus was likely once habitable, according to the projections of a new NASA climate model.
Scientists at NASA's Goddard Institute for Space Studies developed a model to discover Venus's past using tools and algorithms that resemble those of climate scientists.
The model was designed to determine whether Venus, with its hot, watery surface and carbon-dense atmosphere, might once have had Earth-like conditions.
Scientists have previously hinted that the slow turn of Venus could be explained by its dense atmosphere.
But the latest simulation suggests that Venus may have had a thin, earth-like atmosphere and yet slowly turned on.
The model also illuminated the topography of early Venus.
The planet probably pointed to more dry neighborhoods than de Earth, but once had enough water and geographic variability to house lives and protected against rapid evaporation.
The early Venus also benefited from a sun that was 30 per cent matter.
"In the Giss model simulation, the slow turn of Venus exposed its day side of the sun for nearly two months," Giss scientist Anthony Del Genio explained in a press release.
This warms the surface and produces rain that creates a thick layer of clouds, which acts like an umbrella to shield the surface from much of the sun's heat.
The result is average temperatures that are some degrees cooler than those of Earth today.
The model spawned a history of Venus that resembles the evolution previously believed by planetary scientists.
Although it was once believed to be habitable, Venus -- over the course of several billion years -- was exposed to too much heat and ultraviolet light.
Their oceans darkened and their water vapour was burned away by the ultraviolet light.
As her hydrogen escaped, only a thick atmosphere of carbon dioxide was left with a deadly greenhouse effect -- Venus, which as we know it today.
The researchers shared the results of their new Venus climate model in the Geophysical Research Letters.
Patrick Roy resigns as coach of Avalanche
Patrick Roy stepped down as coach and Vice President Of Hockey Operations of the Colorado Avalanche on Thursday and introduced too little co-determination in the team's decision-making process.
Alternatively President / General Manager of Colorados Joe Sakic confirmed that decision and noted that the club will look for a new coach immediately.
"Over the last three years, I have fulfilled my duties as head coach and Vice President Of Hockey Operations of the Colorado Avalanche with energy, passion and determination," the 50-year-old Roy said in a statement.
I've been thinking for a long time and a lot over the summer about how I could improve this team to give him more depth, need it and bring it to a higher level.
To achieve this, the vision of the coach and Vice President Of Hockey Operations must be perfectly matched to that of the organization.
He must also have a co-determination right in decisions that affect the team's performance.
These conditions are not being met at the moment.
Sakic, who had hired Roy on May 23, 2013, thanked him for his contributions for the team.
"Patrick informed me of this decision today," Sakic said.
We all appreciate what he has done for our organization and wish him only the best for the future.
Roy was named the best coach in the league during his debut season at the Avalanches in 2013-14 as the winner of the Jack Adams awards.
He led the club to 112 points and on first place in Central Vision, but Colorado was beaten in the first round of Minnesota's playoffs and missed the post-season in each of the two final years.
The Avalanches recorded a 39-39-4 mark in the 2015-16 season and fell behind the Wild for a second wild-card spot in the Western Conference by five points.
As a Hall of Fame goalkeeper, Roy won four Stanley Cups -- two plays with the Montreal Canadiens and the Avalanche.
North eseeoil workers resume talks, set strike
Labour disputes regarding pay for North Sea oil workers will be suspended while all the warring parties are set for a new round of talks at the table, negotiators said.
Strikes against oilfield services company Wood Group have been conducted intermittently on platforms in the North Sea, which are operated by Royal Dutch Shell.
"Wood Group as well as the Unite and RMT unions can confirm that we have agreed to restart the settlement process of the current dispute," it said in a joint statement.
We will hold some full-day sessions over the next few weeks, which will start early next year to re-address the problems.
Unions said their last strike, which is the first in over 25 years, was a protest against potential pay cuts of up to 30 per cent.
Wood Group this year cut rates to its Contractors in the North Sea by about 9 per cent due to negative market pressure.
The company's council cut follows a 10 per cent decline for onshore contractors in 2014.
The company said that additional cuts will give the company the space needed to get through the market downturn.
Shell, for its part, has sacked thousands of people and announced plans to abandon its oil and gas business activities in up to 10 countries as it rationalises its business activities as a result of its mega-merger with British energy company BG Group.
Energy companies are under pressure due to lower crude oil prices, an economic situation that had been exacerbated by the decision by Britons in June to leave the European Union.
Scottish Parliament member Dave Anderson met with working-class leaders earlier this week to discuss one of the biggest labor disputes that have been taking place in the North Sea for a generation.
The North Sea is important to the regional economy, he said.
"In the North Sea and across the country, we need an economy that works for many and not just a few," he said in a statement.
In 2016, less than $1.4 billion in spending on new projects in the North Sea is expected compared to an average of about $7 billion over the past five years.
Kepler measures rotation rate of stars in star pile of plejades
The latest mission with the Kepler space telescope has helped astronomers collect the most complete catalogue of rotation rates under the stars of the Plejades.
The new data will help astronomers understand why stars in starlings rotate at different rates, as well as in what context the rotation periods are with the planetary formation.
"We hope that by comparing our results with other star clusters, we learn more about the relationship between the mass of a star, its age and even the history of its solar system," said Luisa Rebull, a researcher at Caltech's Infrared Processing and Analysis Center in Pasadena, in a press release.
The star pile of the Plejades is 445 light-years away from Earth.
Many stars in this star cluster, which emerged about 125 million years ago, now reach adulthood.
They are turning fastest now.
At peak rotational rates, these mature stars emit large amounts of star winds.
As these winds travel through the magnetic fields of the stars, they have a slowing effect on the stars.
When a star ages, its rotation rate begins to slow down.
Kepler measures the rotation rate of each star by recognizing the time between the appearance of a discernible stellar fleece -- like sunspots --.
The latest catalogue of rotation rates indicates that more massive stars turn more slowly than less massive stars.
Rebull compares the stars with dancers, with larger stars turning slower pirouettes than smaller ones.
"In the" Ballet "of the Plejades, we see that slow rotors tend to be more massive, whereas faster rotors tend to be very bright stars," Rebull said.
As the star pile of the plejades is so close, it serves as an ideal cosmic laboratory to compare stellar qualities such as rotation rates.
"The starlings of the Plejades offers an anchor for theoretical models of stellar rotation in both directions, younger and older," Rebull said.
There is still much in front of us that we would like to learn more about, such as how, when and why stars slow down their rotation rates and, so to speak, hang their "dance shoes."
Rebull and her colleagues have reported extensively in three newspaper reports on their latest analysis of the rotation rates of the Plejades, which will soon appear in the Astronomical Journal.
A controversial baseball star resigns
Tears ran at Alex Rodriguez faster than the U.S. baseball star in best days from Base to Base.
After his emotional resignation announcement, the 41-year-old pro will wear the jersey of his New York Yankees on August 12 against the Tampa Bay Rays.
'i love this game and this team. '
"I say 'Goodbye' to both," declared the 14-time All-Star Game contestant of Major League Baseball (MLB).
Three times, Rodriguez was voted the most valuable player in the league, and in 2009 he won the World Series with the Yankees.
His signature under a 10-year contract gave him $27 million a year since 2007.
By the end of the contract on December 31, 2017, he will serve as a consultant and youth coach in the future - at full salary.
As a player, it paid Rodriguez a long time with performance.
With 696 homeruns, 3114 hits and 2021 points for his teams ("Runs") for the Seattle Mariners (1994 to 2000), the Texas Rangers (2001 to 2004) and since 2005 the Yankees made some milestones.
With Hall-of-Fame members Hank Aaron and Willie Mays, only two other baseball players have similar values in the key stats.
But in the glory hall of the baseball, the 41-year-old is still unlikely to be included.
Because so successful Rodriguez - nickname "A-Rod" - was on the field, so controversial is his appearance outside the square.
Back in 2009, the superstar admitted to "ESPN" to have taken banned steroids between 2001 and 2003.
In August 2013, he was banned for 211 matches due to involvement in the so-called biogenesis scandal by the end of 2014.
Rodriguez is considered the prime suspect to have received performance-enhancing funds for years through an anti-ageing clinic in South Florida.
After a legal battle, the ban was still reduced to 162 encounters.
"The league might even have done me a favour for 2014, because I played through 20 years without a break," Rodriguez said sweetly at the time.
Even his farewell days don't go noisily.
While many baseball legends have yet to get the big stage in their last few games, Rodriguez frequently had to sit on the bench.
'My job doesn't include a farewell tour. '
"My job involves trying to win every game," corroborated Yankees Coach Joe Girardi.
After all, Rodriguez, who was married to actress Cameron Diaz and is demoted to the relationships with pop star Madonna and actress Kate Hudson, received sympathy defections from fans from the Yankees arch-rival Boston Red Sox.
"We want A-Rod," sang the supporters in the 4-9 defeat to the Rodriguez team.
Olympics 2016: Chen Xinyi, Silwia Danekowa and Adrian Zielinski are first doping cases
Caught: Because of a positive doping test, weightlifter Adrian Zielinski may not start from Poland in Rio.
Rio de Janeiro - The 2016 Olympics are overshadowed by the first official doping cases.
An evaded athlete would have almost won a medal.
Before the seventh day of competition, the first official doping cases have become known as the Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro.
Chinese swimmer Chen Xinyi, 3000-metre obstacle runner Silwia Danekowa of Bulgaria and Polish weightlifter Adrian Zielinski have been tested positive and ruled out in Brazil - just before the start of the already critically acclaimed athletics contests, these messages come at an unstoppable time.
In the case of Chen, last Sunday, the diuretic hydrochlorothiazid was shown to be used as a masking tool for doping substances.
The International Sports Court of CAS confirmed its exclusion from the Olympics on Friday afternoon local time.
On Sunday, the 18-year-old finished fourth in the final over 100m butterfly, only by 0.09 seconds she missed the bronze medal.
On Friday, Chen would have been expected to take part in the precincts over 50m freeway.
Chen has requested the opening of the B sample and a hearing at the International Olympic Committee (IOC).
The national federation takes the matter "very seriously and requires Chen's full cooperation in the investigations," Xinhua quoted from a statement: "We will cooperate with the International Sports Court CAS and will accept the ruling."
For the first time in history, it is no longer the IOC but the CAS responsible for sanctioning athletes with positive cases.
Also on the night of Rio, the news leaked about the positive sample at Danekowa, saying the 33-year-old went on the offense himself.
"I had three tests, all negative, and my fourth test was positive," saying this was "an incredible shock," she told Bulgarian TV station BNT.
She is innocent, "the only explanation could be dietary supplements," the athletics explained.
According to the report, the banned substance is said to be the blood-doping drug EPO.
Danekowa was provisionally suspended, according to BNT, the B sample is also said to have already been positive.
Bulgaria's Prime Minister Bojko Borisov immediately spoke with criticism of the athlete.
"I don't understand why athletes don't draw the right conclusions," he said: "We Bulgarians are under observation so many have already been ruled out."
For example, all weightlifters from the chronically doped nation are not allowed to participate in Rio.
On Friday, the case was also known as "Adrian Zielinski," the London-based Olympic champion in the class up to 85 kg, as his brother Tomasz tested positive for the anabolic steroid Nandrolon three days earlier.
Both deny the intake, but both are not allowed to start in the class up to 94 kg.
Before the start of athletics, especially the Danekowa case is another major blow to the reputation of the entire sport.
The world governing body, IAAF, had banned the complete Russian team except for an exception due to systematic doping, including the runner-up Kenya produces numerous bad news in Rio.
In addition, in the swimming sport, the earlier offences in China had caused fierce clashes between the athletes as well.
So Frenchman Camille Lacourt attacked Chinese Olympic champion Sun Yang harshly.
"Sun Yang pinches purple."
"When I see the podium over 200m freeway, I want to pass," Lacourt said on French radio.
Sun was also at the centre of a confrontation with Australian Mack Horton.
"I have no time and no respect for doping fraudsters," this one said.
Sun had tested positive for the stimulant trimetazidin in 2014 at the Chinese championships, but only had to sit down a three-month ban.
Data clutter: So perilous blackmail hackers have their ransom
Programmers of extortion malware are currently targeting companies - and are successful.
According to a recent survey by malware defense specialists Malwarebytes among 540 companies in North America, Britain and Germany, 40 percent of the firms surveyed over the past 12 months have been victims of an attack with extortion software at least once, in part.
In Germany, just under 20 percent of firms were already the target of Ransomware blackmail.
Forty per cent of victims willingly paid the ransoms required by the offenders to be able to re-use the targeted systems and data.
According to the observations of Malwarebytes, the perpetrators are increasingly specialising in attacks in company networks.
If they are successful there, the potentially extortionate ransom is significantly higher than for private users.
"We are currently seeing an alarmingly rapid evolution of the malicious software," explains Malwarebytes CEO Marcin Kleczynski in conversation with the "world."
In 2008, most malware programs were still designed to send advertising.
Then the perpetrators discovered extortion software for themselves.
First private users were the target, but the shift to corporate attacks has been alarmingly fast in recent months.
Ransomware works according to a simple pattern: Once on a victim's computer, it searches for recently modified files such as Word, Excel or database files as well as archives of images and videos.
These files encrypt the Ransomware and deletes the originals in a sustainable manner.
The software then presents the demands of the executors.
To get the end-key code to the files, the victims must transfer money - usually in the form of the Cryptocurrency Bitcoin.
But where the personal photo database is at stake with private users, companies are concerned about sensitive customer data or project databases, without which the production is shut down.
Accordingly, the damage is higher when a Ransomware hits.
Twenty-two per cent of the German firms affected reported sales losses by Ransomware, while 13 per cent even had to interrupt business altogether, in one case people were at risk of death.
In Germany, several hospitals have been victims of attacks whose patients may be acutely threatened by the loss of medical records.
"We always tell the victims: Do not pay, it only promotes the problem," explains Kleczynski.
But 80 to 90 per cent of firms that pay will get their data again.
For managers, it is difficult to reject the demands of the perpetrators in the face of gridlock in the operation.
The hackers, in turn, know this and try everything to build a good reputation.
In a recent study, F-Secure's security researchers looked at exploitation surfaces and contact with the executors, and come to the conclusion: The perpetrators are actually trying to build some kind of customer service to take more money.
They explain to their victims via chat how they can pay via Bitcoin, target freely accessible support websites or decrypt example files for free.
And if private individuals are redeemed after payments of a few hundred euros, companies will have to negotiate hard and pay five-figure sums to get their data back unencrypted.
Given the potentially high and relatively risk-free gains from Ransomware extortion, the hackers are becoming more professional and share the work, security expert Chester Wisniewski of antivirus provider Sophos said: "A single person can write a Ransomware circa within a week."
However, it is more likely that there are three or four people.
The programmers then sell their malicious software to the actual executors in the form of a software building box.
The previous malware kits were created by buying the malware itself, advice and additional tools for a one-off, fixed price between $1000 and $10,000.
"Included in the scope of delivery is an adjustment tool so that smaller configurations, looks and branding can be changed," says Wisniewski.
The executors are then looking for more hackers to spread the newly bought software among the victims.
We live in a service economy.
So you log into one of the forums underground, buy the set of a criminal and charge another to install the software on as many PCs as possible.
Payment is made per infected computer.
"Usually the criminals then instruct spammers with the spread," explains Wisniewski.
The risk of Ransomware is now known to many companies that better secure their data.
Over 50 percent of corporate IT managers in the Malwarebytes survey trust to be able to fend off Ransomware using file back-ups and scanner software.
Accordingly, the perpetrators are already pursuing new strategies.
"If the encryption of data alone is no longer a sufficient threat to successful grounding, the perpetrators instead face the publication of sensitive data such as customer lists or price calculations," explains Malwarebytes CEO Marcin Kleczynski.
As a result, the potential for damage is much higher than before, depending on the type of data.
In the future, the perpetrators would also be able to target completely new targets in the Internet of Things.
At the hacking conference Defcon, security researchers demonstrated how they could get a thermostat connected to the internet under their control.
In the middle of winter, the activation of such a blocked heater could well be worth a ransom to so many victims.
If the perpetrators then block a whole manufacturing road in a factory instead of heating in the future, Ransomware could also become an issue in industry 4.0.
One for all cases
Honda HR-V is flexible and all-consuming
In the small HR-V, Honda wants to pack everything: A little SUV, a little coupé and also the versatility of a minivan.
Sounds quite overloaded, but the HR-V, which was constructed on the same new platform as the new jazz, actually proves to be extremely flexible in everyday life.
Although the only 1.60m high HR-V looks rather small, the passengers have a lot of space both in the front row and in the rear, it doesn't work closely at any point.
The materials of the interior are well-processed and look pleasant, only the cockpit top falls slightly.
More versatile than comparable vehicles is the HR-V in the storage space.
It's not just a trunk of 453 l at high-placed and 1026 l at overturned backrests available, but there's the "Magic Seats."
This is less magical than it sounds: The backbench seats can be folded up like cinema chairs, offering storage space that is 1.24 m high from the ground up to the ceilings.
The boot is well loaded, but the charging height of 650 mm is slightly higher than in the comparable Peugeot 2008.
The tested 1.6-litre diesel with 88 kW / 120 hp accelerates the HR-V thanks to the torque of up to 300 Nm in a wide speed range.
However, he is likely to do his job a little more quietly.
Pleasing is the daily consumption of 4.7 l / 100 km.
There is another engine: A 1.5-litre petrol with 96 kW / 130 hp.
A four-wheel drive is not offered.
Driving behaviour is balanced, a good compromise between dynamism and comfort.
However, the steering is likely to be a little more direct.
The equipment leaves nothing to be desired in the tested top variant "Executive."
The security systems include the City emergency brake assistant (working up to speed 32), the collision warning system and the track assistant.
The collision warner sometimes irritates because, at Rangers, he assesses many obstacles as "approaching objects."
The remote light assistant works very reliably.
And the smart speed regulator responds to traffic character recognition and throttles speed when needed.
However, full connectivity is only available for the top equipment: 7-inch touchscreen, Navi, app integration and more.
Two USB and an HDMI socket are under the armrest and are therefore somewhat awkward to reach.
The roughly $29,000 for the well-equipped top diesel is fine.
Those who don't want to invest so much will receive the petrol from £20000, the diesel from £23,000.
The engines meet the Euro 6 emissions standard.
With the HR-V, Honda offers a versatile and everyday car.
Airline not liable: Fall on passenger bridge
An airline is not liable for the fall of a passenger on the passenger bridge.
The High Court of Düsseldorf (Az.: 18 U 124 / 14) argued that liability is only possible in the case of dangers typical of air transport.
The plaintiff had broken a knee ligament in the fall.
However, the accident could have happened anywhere - it was a general risk of death, according to the court.
The airline did not have to pay damages to the man.
Case of illness: When paid by the organiser
Diseased holidaymakers will only get money back after their journey if the cause of the disease is beyond doubt in the hotel.
However, this is only the case when more than 10 per cent of guests have been shown to show the same symptoms.
In the negotiated case, a family was seriously ill with diarrhoea and vomiting on the second day of their Turkish holiday.
She spent almost the entire holiday in the room.
Her illness led holidaymakers to a faulty sewage treatment plant that had allegedly polluted the seawater.
The family felt the trip was deficient with this - and complained against the organiser.
In court, the plaintiffs had no success.
It is true that the treatment plant was defective.
But the organiser only learned about it shortly before leaving the plaintiffs.
He had to assume by then that the seawater was fine.
So he did not violate his information obligations, according to the ruling.
Especially since no impurities were found in the samples of the water.
The disease of several hotel guests - possibly by contagion to each other - is part of the general risk of death.
Of 691 guests, only 38 were ill.
De Maizière said that after the violence committed by refugees in Würzburg and Ansbach in July, many people were concerned about further attacks.
The state must respond calmly and decisively to terrorist threats.
To be sure, our country will not answer the violence of the perpetrators with hatred and division.
We will not give this triumph to the terrorists.
If criminals were to leave the country more quickly, however, this adds to the security and strength of popular support for refugee policy.
De Maizière wants to achieve implementation of the proposals until the 2017 general election.
He also announced a further staffing reinforcement of the security forces, and "in mid-fourths of magnitude over several years."
Sympathy advertising for terrorism must be punished again.
Video surveillance is to be improved, gun law revised in such a way as to make it more difficult to buy weapons on the Internet.
The last much-discussed duty of silence for doctors is to be preserved after de Maizière's words.
However, in dialogue with the medical profession, he wants to look for solutions to how to reduce the vulnerability of citizens, he said, referring, for example, to mental health refreshers.
To counter radicalisation of refugees, the minister believes better social care is needed.
Teachers need to be better prepared to deal with traumatised people.
To prosecute criminals in specific areas of the Internet (Darknet), de Maizière plans to use covert investigators.
UKIP leader Gabriel said: "The SPD is willing to talk about anything that helps to further increase security."
It is important that the Home Secretary has spoken out clearly against actionism.
"This was a slap in the face for the executioners in the CDU / CSU," Gabriel told the newspapers of the Funke Media Group (Friday).
De Maizière had previously rejected calls from the Union following a burqa ban and the abolition of dual nationality.
He believes that a general ban on full wear is constitutionally problematic.
You can't ban everything you reject, and I refuse to wear the burqa.
We can talk about rules, for example, in road transport or for witnesses in court.
Greens leader Simone Peter accused the minister of wanting to simulate offence and ability to act with ever-new anti-terror packages.
Left-wing leader Bernd Riexinger said: "Fleet spells and a tightening of the right of residence do not bring more security to the people of this country."
Improving the flow of traffic on the motorway
It stumps regularly on the bypass - here's a picture of November.
But this is about to change: The legal absentee is to be extended.
This is good news for all car ­ drivers who are in traffic on the ambient road every night when they drive through the highway ­ feeder (A 43).
The state-run road construction extends next Tuesday and Wednesday (16 / 17 August) in the area between Hammer Street and the exit of Weseler Street, the right-wing lane by 700 metres.
Motorists can then walk directly from Hammer Street on the right.
The big advantage: The traffic is divided early, improving the overall process on the busiest section of the Federal Highway 51.
The idea with the extended exit had the CDU faction in the district of Münster-West.
The carriageway on the feeder is annoying motorists especially between 5pm and 7pm.
On weekdays, the backlog extends to the bridge over the Alberslog path and sometimes beyond.
The reason is the bottleneck on the B 51 just before the exit of Weseler Strasse.
From here, traffic is channelled only one-way through the motorway bridge.
The second track had to be built back just over three-quarters years ago.
The reason: Static calculations showed that the bridge no longer has the necessary capacity to absorb heavy goods traffic in a two-way way.
How long this bottleneck and the associated day-to-day congestion will continue, the relevant national operation cannot say.
However, with years to be expected: Because the bridge has an official residual benefit period until 2034.
For the extension of the legal absentee, the country's operations deliberately selected the traffic-weaker time in the school holidays because with disabilities to be expected.
Traffic will run one-way past the construction site on Tuesday and Wednesday.
Intercultural travel: Cultural offers for schools
The international class of forest school attended the play "The invisible house."
The club NIMA's and the Young Theater are now planning a music project.
The association NIMA's enables young people with an immigrant and refugee background to visit cultural institutions in Münster.
The "Class International" of the Waldschule Kinderhaus has attended a presentation of the award-winning play "The invisible house" of the Young Theater Münster.
In the context of the "intercultural journey" initiated by the association NIMA's, 19 students between the ages of 11 and 15 attended the staging at the Little House.
Since the beginning of the year, the association, which aims at the cultural integration of young people with an immigrant and refugee background, has been offering schools with welcome classes the opportunity to visit cultural institutions in Münster as part of this project.
Most young people in the class have come to Münster between September 2015 and March 2016, among others, from Afghanistan, Iran, Serbia and Syria, and speak little English.
Thanks to the choreographies, the Shakespearean images and video animations, they were able to follow the course of action, according to the press release of the boy Theater Münster.
The association NIMA's, founded by Dr. Tannaz Westerberg from Sprakel, and the Young Theater will work together in the upcoming season as part of a musical theatre project.
From October to December, young people with and without an escape and migration background between the ages of 14 and 20 will be given the opportunity to attend professional courses in the fields of singing, dance, acting and music.
Offers for children and families in the area of theatre play and theatrical language mediation are in the planning.
The "Intercultural Travel" project continues.
Given the increased numbers of refugees, the association is counting on many classes that want to participate.
Rain rather than stargazing: Hope for weather improvement
The weather has made the star-studded gucker in south-west Germany a dash of the bill in the night of Friday - but there is still hope.
The night was ill-suited because of clouds and rain to watch the sky spectacle, the chairman of the observatory Welzheim, Hans-Ulrich Keller, said on Friday morning.
Our hope is on the night of Saturday.
The weather is supposed to be good, then we certainly see a lot of stargazing in the sky.
The star scales are Perseids, which, at 216,000 kilometres per hour, are among the fastest stargazers.
They have their name because they seem to come from the constellation of Perseus, which goes up in the north-east.
Restful night: Tips against sleep disorders
In the evening, you walk around forever, at night you wake up for hours, in the morning it is no longer possible to think of sleep well before the Weckerringing.
This is far from relaxing.
After all, you are in good company with such problems: According to the Robert Koch Institute, about a quarter of adults have sleep disorders and more than 10 percent feel their sleep frequently or permanently as not relaxing.
What about sleep problems or sleep disorders?
There are several forms of sleep disorders, and they can be based on a variety of causes, says Hans-Günter Weeß, Executive Director of the German Society for Sleep Research and Sleep Medicine.
What you understand landly underneath, though, is the Insomnie, that is, an entry and sleep disorder.
It is precisely this sleep that many people find unsatisfactory or insufficient, says Jens Wagenknecht, a member of the board of the German House Medical Association with practice in Lower Saxony.
What's behind sleep disorders?
The causes of sleep disorders are complex.
This can include organic, psychological or behavioural factors, as well as medicines.
Not infrequently, the sleep disorder is an expression of another disease.
"Very early waking is especially common in a depression," Weeß says.
And it may be that different factors are interdependent.
If you have a bandwagon, for example, can be bad, wake up every two to three hours, and may start to grate about everyday problems and worries, Weeß gives an example.
This leads to strain, and sleep is no longer possible.
When should I go to a doctor with sleep disorders?
If you don't sleep well over a period of one month in at least three nights a week and is impaired on the day, you should go to the doctor, Weeß advises.
The impairment can look quite different: One is cut off, tired, unspent, has difficulty with attention and concentration, is easily delightful, has mood swings or physical ailments such as stomach or headache.
To ease the sleep disorder, it's important to find out their causes.
Treatment options include behavioural changes, cognitive behavioral therapy, or even medicines - classic sleeping tablets only in exceptional cases and at most for two weeks.
Low-level sleep doctors hardly exist in Germany, says Prof. Ingo Fietze, head of the interdisciplinary sleep medical centre of the Charité University Medicine Berlin.
Therefore, in the case of sleep problems, you should first contact the family doctor, Weeß advises.
The can deal with investigations into whether the problems have a physical cause.
Who should go to the sleep lab, and what happens there?
To study in the sleep lab, physicians advise, for example, in snoring with breathing enforcers, at sick day fatigue, at sleep converters or if you don't find the cause of a sleep disorder, Fietze explains.
You don't really have to prepare for the inquiry.
You should spend the day normal.
"Just please don't do a midday sleep," Fietze says.
After dressing down, you go to bed at his normal time.
In addition to the electrodes on the body, one wears a nose brille, a chest strap and a faucet on the finger.
In addition, a camera on the ceiling records the sleeping.
How can people get to grips with the problems?
There are quite a lot of job cuts where you can start for a better sleep.
What counts is: Regular sleep and rest periods, not being in bed for too long, do not sleep on the day, do not watch TV to fall asleep, avoid alcohol and do not look at the clock at night - then you start to reckon immediately, and that is not conducive at all.
What the Jungle camp has to do with missing medals in swimming
Former German swimmer Markus Deibler has commented on the disappointing cut of the DSV team at Olympis via Facebook.
In December 2014, he first picked up gold at the short-track world championships in Doha, while at the same time setting his first world record.
Now, former DSV athlete Markus Deibler has faced criticism from his ex-teammates via Facebook.
"In a country where an Olympic champion gets a £20,000 premium and a jungle king £150,000, no one should be surprised about missing medals," the 26-year-old wrote on his Facebook page on the night of Friday.
The support system in swimming is bad, but the doping controls are very good.
In this way, we cannot compete with countries that promote a great deal and do not look so closely or even operate on the subject of doping.
"I'm not saying that the controls should be stopped here," he continued.
If he wanted to start a comeback, Deibler would have to be reported nine months before his first launch of the National Anti-Doping Agency of Germany (NADA).
That is exactly how we should keep it with countries.
"Anyone who cannot be controlled a certain amount of time before World Cup / OS by independent inspectors of WADA / FINA may not be allowed to participate," claims the election hamburger, who now runs an ice cream shop.
Airport: Gang of baggage thieves arrested
Professional thieves at Düsseldorf Airport
Civilian investigators from Dusseldorf police managed the arrest of two women and two men, aged 50 to 61, on Thursday.
The suspects had committed multiple bag and baggage thefts as a gang.
At around 9.30pm, civilian officials in the area of Düsseldorf Airport recognized a gang known to police officers from past theft offences.
The two women and two men had committed several offences since mid-July this year, acting collectively, in a collaborative and particularly professional manner.
The specialists of the crime commissioner, 34, can prove four acts to the thieves who had entered Germany specifically to commit crimes.
In doing so, they had grabbed a total of over £15,000.
Old buildings, a few lime trees, some remaining cobblestones in between: The Rigaer Straße in Berlin-Friedrichshain does not look like it at first glance, but the police rank them among the "dangerous places" of the city.
Walking down the road from east to west, you arrive at playgrounds, a fresh-coated nursery and a biolade.
On the facade of a grey house, someone sprayed "ugly!"
Opposite a Lidl, which is also soon to be demolished, is already being built: By 2017, a house with high windows and 133 new rentals will be created here.
However, articles about this "trendy neighborhood," as the relevant real estate firm Friedrichshain calls it, are preferred with burning cars in recent weeks.
The reason is the house with the number 94: Once it was occupied, the residents now have rental contracts, but on the ground floor there are still rooms occupied and are used for events.
In particular, Berlin interior senator Henkel had argued several times since the beginning of the year for a crackdown by police against the project, describing the area as a "no-go zone" for police officers and the 94 as the starting point of autonomous violence.
After, on June 22, the rooms on the ground floor, the Kadtermiths, with 300 police officers had been cleared, police patrolled three weeks of official statements, with 30 to 40 officers and three team cars on the ground, closed parts of the road and stopped visitors from entering the house with the number 94.
Meanwhile, construction workers renovated the rooms on behalf of the unknown homeowners.
On July 13, a Berlin administrative court ruled that the eviction had been illegal, and a day later, police and construction workers moved under the jubilation of sympathizers and residents.
On this summer afternoon, the street looks peaceful: Parents walk with children, people sit on the pavement in front of the houses in the sun, while others entertain prep spenders.
In the immediate vicinity of the house projects are a primary school and kindergartens.
Left-wing violence is not the main concern of many residents: Kerstin Neugebauer, who has lived in Kiev since 1999, and Jana *, who is raising three children here, are mainly terrified by the police presence.
With the residents of the house projects, they share concerns about rising rents and gentrification.
It does not sound like a Kiev, the majority of whom wanted police protection from vandalizing left.
The ditch that the Berlin interior senator and police make up between housemates and their neighbours does not appear to exist.
Friedrichshain in eastern Berlin was actually a traditional working-class district, which even today has a low average income and high risk of poverty compared to the rest of the city.
In 1990 a large number of houses were occupied in the former GDR, including almost the entire Main Street in the vicinity of the Rigaer.
While the mainstays had been cleared under a large police lineup in an outright street battle, many of the projects were legalised in the Rigaer and are still inhabited by the people they occupied 26 years ago.
At the same time, the district has increasingly become a magnet for tourists and voters from all over the world in recent years.
This is also noticeable in rents, which have risen by nearly 60 per cent since 2009 in new rentals.
Many of the new buildings in the Rigaer are attacked as symbols of this development: They can be seen on discarded windows or freshly painted facades, which have been pelted with paint bags.
No other road has been mentioned so often this year along with the words "left-wing autonomous violence."
One reason that not all neighbours view this as a problem may be that they are not necessarily affected by crime: Crimes such as injury, according to statistics, are almost exclusively against police officers.
Most of the crimes make property damage, which tends to hit new buildings and newly renovated homes.
For Kerstin Neugebauer, who has lived in a rental house next to the controversial 94 for 17 years, there can be no talk of uncertainty.
As for acts of violence, it is appeasement: The people in the 94 are their neighbours, who certainly were not.
Even the famous burning cars no longer exist in the Rigaer any longer.
For the studied architect, their street is not a criminal flashpoint, on the contrary: "Here you help each other, live together on the street and get more from each other than elsewhere."
Neugebauer is deliberately drawn to Rigaer Street - and stayed.
That's why it was so important to her that residents get their street back: From the police, the politics and the media, who in July all suddenly claimed the interpretive power over the district.
But in the eyes of residents like Neugebauer, the road will continue to be taken away from them: Through faceless new buildings in former construction gaps that outnumber the old residents.
"These are, after all, condominiums that are not interesting to many here - here are more people who are not so well-behaved," she says.
"I absolutely do not approve of violence and destruction."
But what should you do if someone never listens to anyone?
There is frustration on all sides, including the police and residents.
For Zudrew, who is annoyed by color bombs, Kerstin Neugebauer has little understanding: The house projects and the left-wing scene were part of the Kiez.
If you're coming in, you should be aware of this - just like someone who moves to a pub district can complain badly about noise there.
All people presented only with first names have asked not to be named with their real name
Urbach: Annika Deuschle is new refugee officer
Annika Deuschle is the contact person in terms of integration and organizer.
She is also a social worker on the ground.
Since July, Annika Deuschle has been the refugee officer for Urbach.
The social educator supports the management team of Achim Grockenberger.
She sees herself as a contact person for all actors: Refugees, Labour's refugee agency, administration, authorities and anyone else involved.
Regine's customer from the work group suggests that the volunteers are more than grateful that Deuschle is now there, the icy wool milk sau, which mainly has a problem.
So some - less spotty than rather aimed at the multitude of desired areas of responsibility - meant when the administration wanted to tender the place.
An administrative expert has been sought with a talent for languages and people, combined with many years of experience in the field of social work.
But administrative work is not their central area, says Annika Deuschle.
Above all, it is about organisation, working with the people on the ground and also behind the scenes as well as network activity.
The 31-year-old has been there for about six weeks.
It has limited a 50 per cent point to three years.
"It was prime time," says Regine's customer, that Annika Deuschle supports honest and full-time actors.
There are large and small problems, organisational, human and communication problems.
Soon, new containers are in the water road
It has been a serious problem for some time to find housing for the connecting refugees that have been recognised.
Local authorities are responsible for the follow-up.
They have to accommodate the refugees in their own or rented living spaces.
The cost of building, renting or renovating these shelters must be borne by local authorities themselves.
The responsibility changes from the estate agent to the municipality and job center.
Problem: There are free objects, but not every landlord wants to offer his apartment.
The search has been very difficult for some time.
De facto, the administration does not find private housing.
So far, it is not working, relying on private housing, according to Deuschle.
Therefore, public housing must be taken care of, as it is so nicely called.
So new containers will soon be erected in the Wasenstraße.
But only with apartments it is not done.
Perspective is the cue, Regine's customer and Annika Deuschle agree.
In addition to a permanent lead, there are internships, training places, school places, one-euro jobs and relief activities for refugees and migrants who need to be folded or set up.
"More places would be good," Regine's customer reports.
Many work in the building yard or help house masters, do charitable work - and that's motivated and very tidy, as Annika Deuschle reports.
It hopes that work for the community will lead to a positive external impact.
This is "no employment therapy."
Activity, however, does not just mean work.
The day needs a fixed structure, say Deuschle and customer.
People need to develop a sense of belonging.
So there need to be offers like sports, contacts with locals and especially language courses.
Professional courses are rare.
So here, too, administration and volunteers are jumping in.
It's central that the refugees feel they are wanted and welcome in Germany.
The long duration of the procedures is a problem.
You have to explain to the refugees that it just takes and they can bridge the time in a meaningful way, for example with language courses.
If you eventually develop the feeling, he can't help anyone in Urbach, should not work and be unnerving, who will never integrate.
The clear majority is motivated.
The work of Deuschle and the customer is therefore always to motivate others.
All of this is already a "mammoth task."
A difficult question: Do the two have fear of radicalisation after recent events, even in a small community like Urbach?
"No," says Regine's customer quite clearly, "which some may call naive," but a residual risk cannot and would not rule them out.
However, the aid workers are already aware of this.
These incidents are also an issue among refugees.
Those would have the fear that the bombers will bring them completely into disrepute.
"They want to show that they have nothing to do with it," says Regine's customer.
Many would like to stay in Urbach.
So primary and volunteers must look for activities on the ground and in the region.
In doing so, they always have in the background that soon a new blast of refugees and migrants could come to Urbach.
Does Germany need a ceiling?
To answer this question clearly is to shy away from politics.
Actually, it's unfair to put them helpers on the ground.
"In Urbach, we have not yet arrived where we want to go," says Annika Deuschle.
No new refugees, that would ease the situation.
Regine's customer also makes it clear that the Urbacher is already busy integrating the existing people in a reasonable way.
These are currently around 100 people, mostly young men.
But when people are in need, you need to help them, both women agree.
The political world is so complicated, there are no easy answers.
Chimps: Burglars sought by helicopter
The police helicopter flew different areas for about an hour - unsuccessfully.
Two unidentified men forcibly entered an apartment in a dormitory in the Lindenweg at around 8.50am on Friday morning.
The resident surprised the two and struck the inquest into the escape.
The two men were about 1.65 to 1.70 feet tall, probably masked, wearing both Bluejeans and black hooded pullis.
They fled towards the city centre.
For the search, police deployed several strike crews as well as a police helicopter.
The search proceeded without success.
Possibly, the unknowns before the fact fell close to the apartment or during their escape.
Baden-Württemberg: Police investigating after rock attack on snack
After an attack on an ulcer snack, police are investigating six suspects from the rocker environment due to serious land violence.
Evidence and narcotics were secured during housing searches, police said Friday.
Around 20 masked men of a rocker-like grouping had been throwing bottles and stones against the shop window of a snack bar, according to police in July.
After that, they are said to have attacked two guests and injured one slightly.
After that, they fled.
At the snack and adjacent building there was a damage of 10000 euros.
According to investigators, there is a dispute in the Ulmer rocker environment between a Kurdish and a Turkish corridor.
Thuringia: Zeiss Meditec of turnover-billion closer
A high demand for medical technology in Asia boosted the sales of Carl Zeiss Meditec.
In the first nine months of the financial year that began in October, group sales rose 6.7 per cent to $798.6 million, according to the listed company in Jena on Friday.
The Asian business grew disproportionately by 17.1 percent.
Profit before interest and tax increased from $89.5 million to $1105 million, according to interim results.
The Jenaer Medical Technology Group is aiming to surpass the sales mark of $1 billion this financial year, the board affirmed.
Zeiss Meditec manufactures equipment and equipment for medical facilities and clinics.
The company, which is part of the optical and electronics company Carl Zeiss (Oberkochen), employs almost 3,000 people.
