28-year-old chef found dead in San Francisco mall
A 28-year-old chef who recently moved to San Francisco was found dead in the stairwell of a local shopping centre.
The victim's brother said he can't imagine anyone who would want to hurt him, "at last, he went uphill again."
The lightsaber found on Wednesday morning in the Westfield Mall was identified as the 28-year-old Frank Galicia from San Francisco, the court medical department in San Francisco said.
The San Francisco Police Department said the death was classified as murder and the investigation is in the running.
The victim's brother, Louis Galicia, told ABS broadcaster KGO in San Francisco that Frank, who used to work as a chef in Boston, had taken his dream job six months ago as a chef at the Sons & Daughters restaurant in San Francisco.
A spokesman for the Sons & Daughters said they were "shocked and destroyed at the ground" over his death.
"We are a small team that works like a close family and we will miss him painfully," the spokesman continued.
Our thoughts and condolences are at this difficult time at Frank's family and friends.
Louis Galicia admitted that Frank first lived in hostels, but that "things went uphill for him at last."
"He found an apartment, he had a girlfriend," said Louis Garcia KGO.
Louis Galicia said that he could not imagine anyone wanting to harm his younger brother.
He was a friendly person with a big heart.
His way of connecting with his family was to always cook us to prepare dinner, "said Louis Galicia.
He never wanted to take part in any kind of confrontation.
He was the brother who swam with the electricity.
"In everything that is going wrong in the world, he was this unsliced diamond that lit brightly every day," he said.
Anyone who has information on the case is asked to call the SFPD's hint phone at number 415 - 575 - 4444.
Jennifer Aniston: I'm always put in drawers
Jennifer Aniston doesn't always have to be perfect or successful.
That's what the Hollywood star has now made unequivocally clear in an interview.
"I always get stuck in drawers or get glued from the outside label, which has little to do with me and the reality."
"I myself do not want to be perfect and successful."
"Frankly, these things are more snug to me."
Jennifer Aniston (47) can only laugh at the fact that she is considered a "Miss Perfect" as she explains in the current "Cosmopolitan."
After all, the actress spends her time at home, premiering TV with loose Dutt and Mexican food, the magazine says.
To the white glut, they raise the question of children's desire: "we women do not have to be married or have children to be perfect," according to the Hollywood Star.
In her new movie "Mother's Day - Love is not a Children's Game" Aniston is seen as a single mother of two sons.
The film runs with us from 25 August.
Golfer Langer receives the sports pyramid
His experiences on the horse are manageable.
At the end of a golf tournament in South Africa, Bernhard Langer, with some colleagues, sought a bit of change with an exit on the beach.
For the 58 -year-old, it was a premiership.
Chio: "golden sports pyramid" for Bernhard Langer
After a few minutes, the horses remembered their holidays, they jailed in the fast gallop home to the feedingstuffs.
One kilometre at that pace, I've been scared.
"It was not a good experience," says Langer.
And then the riding career ended again.
On Saturday, Germany's best golfer of all time - 101 tournament wins - was back near horses.
He left with his family over the plant of the ALRV, on a horse he didn't even swap for photo purposes.
Long was the first time in Aachen and therefore also at the CHIO.
The reason was quite convincing.
The German sports aid handed over the Golden Sports pyramid to the man from Anhausen as part of a small gala.
At awards, the sympathetic athlete is not lacking.
Federal Cross of Merit, Silver's Lorbeerblatt, Champions Tour Player of the year...
Even the British Queen has already adored him.
Long is the 18th prize winner of the sports pyramid.
In Aachen, he met the first prize winner Hans Günter Winkler on Saturday.
"This award means a great deal to me," says Langer, "because it will be awarded not only for sporting success, but also for social engagement."
For decades, Langer has been promoting the offspring.
And so he also gave the prize money of €25,000 straight away.
With 15 other outstanding athletes, the dual U.S. Masters winner was admitted to the "hall of Fame of German Sports" on Saturday.
The exhibits include the athletes Hartwig Gauder and Harald Schmitt, the Turner Eberhard Gienger, the Father Cornelia Hanisch, Alexander Pusch and Arnd Schmitt, the Ruderer Peter-Michael Kolbe, Bob-driver Meinhard Ner, the Judoka Frank Wieneke, the jumping rider Alwin Schockemöhle and posthumously the handballer Erhard Wunderlich.
Many of these sports legends had come to Aachen on Saturday.
After the official part, the illustrious society migrated to the Springstadion, where the Lavazza prize ran.
Bernhard Langer kept distance to the big animals.
Clinton's and Trump's economic policies in comparison: it's all about the money
Investing in infrastructure and preventing the TTP trade deal - that's what both Clinton and Trump want.
However, the two U.S. presidential candidates are divided on fiscal and energy policy, as well as on a fundamental issue.
The differences in economic policy between Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton are based on a fundamental, rather philosophical, difference.
The, about the role of the state.
Trump wants to keep those in doubt rather small, and warns against how the state can harm the economy - with taxes and regulations.
Clinton wants to tax the economy to death and regulate to death, he says.
He himself, on the other hand, would be very different, Trump claims.
He will cut back on regulations massively, and he is strongly committed to wide-ranging tax reform with lower tax rates - for private individuals and for businesses.
Clinton, on the other hand, says that the state has certain tasks to perform, it has disadvantaged opportunities to open up and needs money for it.
That's why taxes would be increased for the rich, she says.
Interestingly, both are very close to infrastructure.
In the need to be invested, Trump and Clinton say almost worthwhile.
The democratic candidate is even announcing the biggest investment in new jobs since the Second World War.
Government investment programs in infrastructure are classic democratic politics, and are, for example, strictly rejected by the Republican state's state-run Teaparty wing.
So, on Trump, bipartisan discussions could still be held.
The differences in energy and climate policy are clearer.
Trump wants to build coal-fired power plants and drive up coal production in the U.S. again.
Oil extraction should also be possible in previously protected areas, and the Paris climate change agreement is intended to terminate it.
Clinton, on the other hand, explicitly wants to expand renewable energies with her investment program, calling for "a country will become the superpower of clean energy and create millions of jobs."
"It will probably be either China, Germany or America - I want us to be."
But not only in infrastructure - even in international trade agreements, the two competitors are not too far from each other.
TPP, the Trans-Pacific Trade Agreement, both do not want to sign.
At the same time, however, both do not want to isolate the U.S. from international trade - but simply to better protect American jobs.
They should then be paid better, for example, for Clinton.
The current minimum wage of $7.25 is a hunger wage.
It wants to raise it to $15 a hour.
What Trump wants to do on this issue is not entirely clear: once he says: the minimum wage has to go up, then he says he should not be altered.
But the big discussion of the coming months is likely to be more about the tax policy of the two camps.
On one side is Trump, who wants to relieve the economy and citizens to boost growth.
His critics believe that this would only increase the budget deficit.
On the other hand, Clinton, who, at least, wants to ask the rich to pay more taxes, and whose critics say: more taxes are not the solution either.
Escape: "every whipped woman has experience of sexual violence"
Sexual violence is part of everyday life for women who are fleeing alone.
When they arrive in Germany, they are often traumatised.
A house offers refuge.
In a large kitchen, four women sit.
Each has a baby that is at most a year old.
One has put her little son in the arm.
He guys with great eyes curious into the room.
His mother stares at the table plate.
Until she notices she is being watched.
She smiles short and kisses the little one.
The scene works normal.
Until you talk to Katrin Bahr.
She is the managing director of Condrobs, a carrier for social assistance in Bavaria, and deals with, among other things, the issue of women on the run.
The four women in the kitchen are poultry.
They live in the Munich north in one of the few decentralised shelters for all-embracing women and their children in Bavaria.
In January, Condrobs made up the establishment along with Pro Familia and the Munich Women's Aid.
It has recently been officially opened.
60 people live there - about 40 women and 20 children.
Men don't exist - even as visitors.
The exception is a guard in front of the door.
"It is not exaggerated to say: every woman arriving here has had experience of sexual violence on her flight," says Bahr.
"Men are fleeing for wars because they are being pursued politically because they are threatening torture or death or because their families are sending them to Europe as a hopper," she says.
In the case of women, there are other reasons for the escape: "many are stealing secretly because they do not see any other way out."
In their homeland, they have made experience of sexual violence, forced marriages, honour killings, slavery or forced prostitution.
That is what is driving them.
On the run, that goes on.
"For example, that smugglers are demanding a sexual activity for a bottle of water is not a rare occurrence," says Bahr.
And women are alone, they are not protected by their families.
Anyone who thinks that the end, as soon as they arrive in Germany, is mistaken, tells Bahr.
Here, too, single women in refugee shelters would often be regarded as inferior and at worst abused.
That leads to about 90 percent of women living in the shelter in Munich's north, she estimates.
"Some of the children have certainly not been voluntarily created."
Many women are so accustomed to saying nothing.
"Or they don't trust to speak openly about the experience, because the shame is too big."
As they often don't know to help, it needs more shelter only for them, calling for Bahr.
In Bavaria, the seven county governments are responsible for accommodating refugees.
On the question of whether they knew of a similar project as in Munich in their area of competence, some responded with no.
In the Oberpfalz and Oberfranken, for example, there is no such thing in government shelters.
Even in swabs, only fled women are not submerged separately, says Karl-Heinz Meyer, the government's press secretary.
In Oberbayern, Unter- und Mittelfranken, there are floors or own houses in some Community accommodation only for single women and their children.
The exception is Lower Bavaria, there are two central shelters exclusively for women.
The Committee on Women's Rights and Gender Equality in the European Parliament also calls for women to be accommodated separately from men.
In a study published for the committee, it says: "it is very important for men and women to be accommodated separately."
"Lack of privacy, or men and women are housed together, can come to - perpetual - violence against women."
In particular, the washrooms should be separated and easily accessible to women, is in the study.
How much the women feel this need for protection can be seen at the Andrank, which there is on the house in Munich.
"Since it has been around, we have a long waiting list," says Bahr.
You could easily make up a second house.
Assistant doctors strike: calls for new workplace action
Deputies of the assistant doctors have called on their union to approve new workplace measures in their disputes regarding a new contract.
The Junior Doctors Committee (JDC) of the British Medical Association (BMA) has called for its entire council to approve more work measures from the beginning of September.
The JDC said that ministers had failed to respond to the concerns about the Treaty.
Assistant doctors and medical students voted on the rejection of a contract agreed with the BMA in July.
It was rejected by 58% of its members who voted in the elections.
In a letter to members released on Twitter on Thursday evening, the chairman of the JDC Ellen McCourt said the government had remained "persistently quiet" to problems, resulting in the contract being rejected.
She said: "in view of this, the JDC Board of Directors has voted to reject the proposed new treaty completely and to call for official renegotiations on all of them."
In response to the government's silence, the JDC Board today made a formal request for a special meeting of the BMA Council to approve an ongoing program of escalating workplace measures that begins at the beginning of September.
The disputes led to assistant doctors striking six times this year, the first overall outages in the history of the NHS.
The head of BMA assistant doctors Dr Johann Malawana resigned after the election to reject the agreed terms of the contract, which had been recommended by the BMA.
He informed BMA members during the meetings, which took place before the vote by 54,000 assistant doctors and medical students, that the contract was beneficial and should be adopted.
After the vote, the Health Secretary, Jeremy Hunt, said the contract would be forcibly introduced for doctors in England.
Russia and Turkey: a "alliance of outsiders"?
It was a gesture that ended a crisis.
The leaders of Russia and Turkey met on Tuesday to give their hands and announce an official end to the eight-month war of words and economic sanctions.
But when Vladimir Putin receives his Turkish counterpart in the gold-plated hall of St. Petersburg Palace, I cannot deny the impression that Ankara wants this reconciliation most.
There was the handshake, yes.
But Putin's smile worked narrowly and he barely radiated warmth, even for his restrained conditions.
Recep Tayyip Erdogan, on the other hand, spoke repeatedly of his "dear friend" Putin - according to a report whole five times.
I couldn't count it any more.
He also promised that relations with Russia would not only return to their old pre-crisis level, but will even improve.
The next day, a newspaper described that Erdogan would have behaved as if there had never been anything bad.
It seemed to me that his enthusiasm seemed to indicate the opposite.
But a Sustainable Killed, sparked by Putin, showed that Russia's head of state had forgotten nothing.
Rather, the cause of the crisis was the first thing he mentioned in his introductory remarks: the shutdown of a Russian fighter plane on the Syrian border by Turkey.
Moscow's response at the time was wrapped up.
Putin shared and accused Ankara of falling into the back of Russia.
The offence was even greater as it was committed by a supposed friend.
Rebuilding the vetting will be difficult, if not impossible.
Public opinion in Russia has changed since November.
For months, the government-controlled media carried out a fierce, unrestricted attack on Ankara.
At once, it seemed as if the Turks were to blame for everything.
The most serious were the accusations by senior officials that Erdogan's own family would have benefited from illegal oil trading in areas of Syria controlled by the so-called Islamic State.
He has vehemently denied this.
But in St.Petersburg, the official message was that it was time to look forward.
After all, this meeting took place only because Putin received the apology from President Erdogan, who he wanted to hear.
Russia was able to make a kind of victory.
For Ankara, the benefits of a ceasefire are clear.
Erdogan needs in the first place all the friends he can get after he was unveiled last month at a failed coup d "état almost his office.
Repeated terrorist attacks on Turkey have also shaken him.
But there are also economic motives.
Russian sanctions have hit Turkey hard - particularly the ban on charter flights, which usually bring several million Russian tourists to the Turkish coast every year.
The number has decreased by almost 90%.
In Russia, tour operators and charter companies will be facilitated when flights are resumed.
They count on a late seasonal rush to the Mediterranean.
This week, state television predicted cheaper fruit and vegetables as soon as Turkish agricultural imports are allowed again.
A report in Vedemosti formulated it as follows: "tourists there long, tomatoes here long."
But the visit had an added political value for Moscow.
Ankara is angry at the West as it considers its response to the attempted seizure of power as a weak response.
On top of that, the persistent resentment is about the snail's pace of EU accession negotiations and Putin - which is keen to benefit from the cool mood and reduce Turkey's relationship with the West.
The Russian head of state certainly won a bonus in Ankara for calling for support for the elected state bodies after the attempted coup d "état.
This is a matter of course for Moscow, which itself has a deep-seated fear of regime change.
The summit in this glorious palace at the sea enabled Russia and Turkey to portray one, as one analyst once described to me, "alliance of outsiders": two countries that feel the West and feel badly treated and now allied.
Nevertheless, despite public reconciliation, there are still major differences between the two.
The biggest difference is Syria, where Moscow recently gave itself the role of peacemaker, but where Russia and Turkey support opposing sides.
It could be telling that after nearly three hours of initial talks both presidents said at the press conference that they wouldn't even have stripped the issue.
The President of Turkey deliberately avoided answering a question about their differences, while Putin decided to emphasize it.
There is no clear consensus on where a common denominator on Syria can be found.
But after months of open hostilities - and given the potential for a perfect disaster, when NATO member Turkey shot down the Russian fighter jet - it is certainly better that the two heads of state at least talk to each other again.
Royal Bank of Scotland for customers outside Scotland no longer available
The RBS brand is expected to be reduced to a back-office role, according to the bank's chief executive.
Royal Bank of Scotland will no longer be available for customers outside Scotland.
Ross McEwan told BBC Scotland that the RBS brand was linked to the bank's global ambitions.
The bank has since distanced itself when it had to be almost collapsed and rescued eight years ago.
During this time, brand strategists have used "RBS" to protect other end consumer finance brands.
She supported international sport with millions of pounds of sponsorship, from Six Nations rugby to the Wimbledon winner Andy Murray.
But now it has decided to put more national brands in focus.
Royal Bank of Scotland will only be available for customers in Scotland, but will not be initialized.
In England and Wales, all RSB references, the decentralised headquarters and the stock market listing will switch to NatWest.
The Ulster Bank brand is already used for customers in the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland.
There are other smaller brands for retail banking, which will be more important - Coutts, Adam & Co, Drummond and Holt's Military Bank.
McEwan was interviewed during a sighting tour of customers and staff in Inverness-shire.
He told BBC Scotland: "the RSB brand will become our investor brand as well as the brand under which our employees will be employed, as we now become more of a bank of brands."
When the bank itself became a global brand, RBS became a global brand.
I say now that we are not pursuing global goals, but local goals.
Each of these brands will stand for something completely different in their own communities and our employees will work with the customers under these brands.
RBS has already said it will no longer continue its Six Nations sponsorship and that it will increase the perceptibility of the various brands in its sports sponsorship.
"It's time for us to develop to the bank of brands, because how do we focus inside (we asked) to make this a better bank for customers?" Said the CEO.
It would have been very cynical three years ago if we had said that we would be a great bank for our customers and would have launched these brands.
But with our work, the focus on customer needs and not our own, I think you will see a lot of changes.
We can launch these brands again, so I think the time has come.
Frankie Dettori reaches out on Predilection his 3,000th win at Newmarket
Dettori sprays champagne after a Double at Newmarket that brings him 3,000th win
The jockey Frankie Dettori secured his 3,000th UK win at Newmarket on Friday.
He put on Predilection, which is trained by John Gosden, on his local racetrack with his second win of the night a milestone.
The 45-year-old Italian is the sixth jockey to reach the milestone in the flat race.
He follows Sir Gordon Richards, Doug Smith, Lester Piggott, Pat Eddry and Willie Carson.
The three -time winner Dettori, who won on Ghayyar before that, said: "it's something special."
I'm very emotional because my family is here as well
I'm very happy that it happened at Newmarket because I landed here 30 years ago.
It's not a big meeting, it's not Royal Ascot - it's a banal Friday evening with 20,000 people.
I am relieved and very modest.
Dettori takes the cheer as he picks up victory on Predilection
Two jockeys have reached the milestone in the obstacle race - jockey Richard Johnson and retired 20 -time winner Sir Anthony McCoy, who reached more than 4,300 wins in a record-breaking career.
Lester Piggott, the nine -time Derby winner had 4,493 career wins
Frankie is one of the best jockey of modernity and it's no surprise that he has reached that milestone, which few have reached in front of him.
He has style and is strong, but it is his tactical intellect that distinguishes him from the others in the weight control room.
He is a fantastic ambassador for race, his enthusiasm and charisma enthusiasts fans for years for this sport.
I told Frankie a few weeks ago at Epsom that he would have already picked up 6,000 profits if he wasn't just a weekend and major tournament jockey!
Frankie has already had nearly 30 years of winners in GB, which is great.
He has a living personality, which is good for a British race, but beyond that, he's an incredible jockey.
Frankie Dettori celebrated the milestone with a typical Flying Dismount
From Flying Finals to Flying Dismounts, Frankie Dettori has been the flagship of British flat racing for two decades.
It was nerve-wracking.
A whole series of major tournament wins, including his famous "glorious Sieben" 1996 in Ascot, but he also survived a plane crash and received a drug ban.
Three years ago, he initially had difficulties when he returned from his six-month lock, but he showed an impressive characteristic strength to defy his doubters and return to his best form.
And he is far from at the end - Dettori once said that he wants to continue in competitions until his at least 50th year of life.
Russia's Putin fired chief of staff Sergei Ivanov
Russian President Vladimir Putin has unexpectedly sacked his chief of staff, Sergei Ivanov.
Ivanov was part of Putin's closest confidence circle for many years.
The 63-year-old has been appointed a special envoy for environmental and transport matters.
In an opinion from the Kremlin, it is that, without giving reasons, Putin "ordered the dismissal of Ivanov from his duties as chairman of the Russian presidential administration."
Anton Vaino, who has been Ivanov's deputy since 2012, has been appointed to his successor.
Vaino, 44, is a former diplomat.
Born in 1972 in the Estonian capital Tallinn, he graduated from the prestigious State Moscow Institute of International Relations (MGIMO) and worked in the embassy in Tokyo.
On the Kremlin's website, it says (in Russian) that he was later protocol chief and chief executive of the government staff.
On his appointment, he said to Putin: "thank you for your confidence."
I think that it is the government's most important task to support your work as head of state on draft legislation and controls to implement your instructions.
Putin told the Russian TV broadcaster on Friday that Ivanov had asked to leave his post and recommended Vaino as his successor.
Convince the smiling faces?
This move has made Moscow mysterious.
Sergei Ivanov has long been one of Vladimir Putin's closest confidants and works like he did for the Soviet secret service, the KGB.
As a chief of staff, he was one of the most powerful men in the country.
At a meeting with President Putin, broadcast on television, both men claimed that the chief of staff resigned at his own request.
But despite the smile for the cameras, here are few convinced - especially now, just before the general election.
So, is this the result of a kind of power struggle?
Nobody knows that at the moment.
But the official claim - that a man who was once praised as a potential president at once would want to guide Russian environmental policy - came to great scepticism.
In his remarks to Putin, quoted on the Kremlin's website, Ivanov said "it is true that I asked you in a conversation at the beginning of 2012 to give me this very complicated post - one could almost say - to entrust burdensome posts for four years.
As it turns out, I have been chairman of the Russian presidential administration for four years and eight months.
Ivanov took the post in December 2011.
Previously, he was deputy prime minister and defence minister.
He is a member of the Russian Security Council and, like Putin, former member of the state security service KGB.
In the late 1990 s, when Putin was chairman of the Federal Security Service (FSB), who replaced the KGB, Ivanov was appointed to his deputy.
When Putin came to power, he called Ivanov one of five people he trusted most.
It was once believed that Ivanov could become President of Russia after Putin's second term, as Putin's third term would have violated the Constitution.
But this post was taken by another, nearby ally of Putin, Dmitry Medvedev.
Putin became prime minister before becoming president again three and a half years later.
Criminal Minds star Thomas Gibson fired after he beat producers
Gibson was involved in a physical confrontation at the set of the series in Los Angeles last month.
ABC Studios and CBS Television Studios, which produce the series, announced in a joint opinion his termination.
Gibson, who played the Special Agent Aaron Hotchner, publicly apologized on Thursday before announcing his termination.
On the set, there were artistic differences and a difference of opinion.
I regret the incident, "he said in a statement.
Details of how the character Gibsons is written out of the series, which follows a team of FBI agents, are expected to be published at a later date, according to the opinion of ABC Studios and CBS Television Studios.
The 54 -year-old, who previously played in the sitcom Dharma & Greg, had been with it since the first season of the series in 2005.
"I love Criminal Minds and have put my whole heartbreak down the last twelve years," Gibson said in a statement released on Friday.
I had hoped to be there until the end, but that will no longer be possible now.
I would just like to thank the authors, producers, actors, our wonderful crew and especially the best fans you can only wish for a series.
The planned broadcasting of the twelfth season is scheduled for 28 September.
Mystery around fish that landed in garden in Banff
A resident of Banff called for help in identifying the fish that appeared in his garden in Banff.
Kevin Bain thinks that the 75 fish could be sand eels sparked by a fountain.
Mr Bain, who lives about 500 metres from the sea, released a video of the spectacle on Periscope in the hope that someone could shed some light on the appearance of the two inch long fish.
Queensferry Crossing: bridge now linked to Fife
The £1.35 billion project is expected to be completed by May 2017
Engineers have linked the North deck of the Queensferry crossings with the viaduct - meaning the bridge is now connected to Fife.
It is the first of four closures of the "cover blowers" that are approaching the completion around each of the bridge's three towers.
Fife's bridge section is now 600 metres long and weighs 30,000 tonnes.
It has 10,000 tons of steel and 20,000 tons of concrete as well as 46 swirling ropes.
The £1.35 billion project is expected to be completed by May 2017.
Business Minister Keith Brown visited the building site today and was one of the first to go from the country to the bridge.
He said: "this is a historic and symbolic moment in the construction of the Queensferry crossings.
We are all witnesses to an engineering art of a truly epic extent in this project with over 30,000 tons of concrete and steel used alone for this part of the bridge.
Despite the massive size and weight of the bridge, the completion of the bridge between the viaduct and the bridge deck is a delicate activity that requires extremely precise tolerances for the pitch.
In total, nearly 79% of the total bridge decks are in their place and the last section of the deck is getting a bedtime for the deck in Rosyth today, meaning the entire deck is ready to be raised on the bridge to its place.
Michael Martin, project manager of Forth Crossing Bridge Constructors said: "the first closure represents a significant milestone in every bridge project.
In this fantastic project, the closure represents forward-looking high and low construction.
After the installation of the last section of the road and its connection with the northern tower deck in the expansion, we then had to close the remaining gap on the north or land side.
This was achieved by dragging the northern train bridge 700 millimetres south.
This was a massive and, at the same time, very delicate activity.
Massive, as the viaduct is 222 meters long, weighed about 6,000 tonnes and had to be pulled up at an increase of about 3%.
Delicate, as the tolerances the team is working towards were tiny - on each side they were just a few millimetres.
Thankfully, everything went very well.
Rescue in Moelfre Bay: three men have "luck still to be alive"
Three men have "luck still to be alive" after being thrown from their fishing boat before Anglesey.
The Moelfre RNLI rescue station struck at 13:20 BST alarm on Friday after a crew watched the event in Moelfre Bay.
The three men had difficulty swimming in safety while their boat was moving on their own.
"We saw how the boat turned around and presented us with the worst," said the head of the rescue station of Moelfre Vince Jones.
"Thankfully, the strong winds have already won the boat apart from their reach until we left to water," he added.
Two of the men were rescued by a local fishing boat, while the third man at the age of 60 was exhausted and hanged on a boje hanging without a lifeguard.
They all arrived aboard the coastal rescue boat and were brought back to the rescue station
Mr Jones said: "the three men thrown into the water are lucky and still alive.
Although the bootengine had an emergency stopplein, it loosened the boat from the person who steered the boat.
Someone has woken up about these men today.
Seriously injured - man sticks to his ex-girlfriend
A man has attacked and seriously injured his ex-girlfriend in Hamburg-Harburg with a knife.
As police said yesterday, the 50-year-old had got the key to the apartment to pick up his personal things.
Instead, the alcoholic offender cut the clothing of his ex-girlfriend.
When this one came into the apartment, he stole on her twice.
The 44-year-old was injured at hand and on the body.
Police were able to arrest the offender.
While the 50-year-old destroyed his ex-girlfriend's clothing, he called his mother.
This then alerted his sister.
Together with her life companion, the 45-year-old wanted to reassure her brother.
However, she could not persuade him to leave the apartment.
That's why she walked out of the house with her life companion.
On the road, they met the man's ex-life companion.
When the two women re-entered the apartment, the 50-year-old shuffled his sister to the side and attacked his ex-girlfriend.
Who is building Braunschweig's cheap homes?
The SPD and the Greens mean that investors should be given much more responsibility in the future.
How do you respond to the bad news that Braunschweig will lose nearly 1300 cheap homes in the next few years?
The SPD proposes a "concept of action" for the next Council meeting.
But contention is programmed.
First of all, the question is: who is supposed to build the cheap homes?
There is no provision so far.
SPD group chairman Christoph Bratmann says: "we are in agreement with the Greens: those who want to build on urban areas will have to expel 20% of all homes as social housing in the future."
However, the cheap apartments can also be found in the stock.
However, the big point of contention at the town hall is, according to Bratmann: "how do you deal with investors who want to build on private land?"
"We want investors to build at least 10 percent on such land, but as much as 20 percent of homes as social housing."
A new urban housing support programme, which will cost millions and still needs to be funded, is intended to provide incentives.
The problem, Mr Bratmann said, is "there is no agreement at the moment between the political groups."
The CDU wants to make as few rules as possible to investors.
The left wants even tougher conditions for investors.
Notwithstanding this, Mr Bratmann said, the situation in the housing market is tightening.
If the concept of action is implemented, this will provide additional tasks in the building administration.
More staff are needed.
It is unclear whether we will get the skilled workers.
But the programme is not yet complete: the roughly 1260 new homes, which should be built anyway.
How, though, is the loss of more than 1300 cheap homes, whose support will be phased out over the next few years?
By 2020 alone, it will be 500 homes.
To prevent that, according to Planning Policy spokeswoman Nicole Palm, expiring ties should now be purchased from the city.
In addition, consideration should be given to getting homes back into price fixing.
This is possible in the western city.
In one blow, the problem could be solved.
Because in the western city, deadlines run out at the end of the year.
About 1800 homes could be retrieved there into price fixing for cheap homes.
Only: that is what the owners, the housing companies, do not want.
If the number of social housing in the western city is dramatically increased, it will be removed from the objective of so-called meddling.
There should be no more concentration of social weaknesses in just a few parts of the city.
The Greens expect that there will still be movement in the discussion.
Group chairman Holger Herlitschke says: "for a broad majority, the CDU must be on board."
This has focused on more building sites for single-family homes.
What does not mean, however, is that a compromise cannot be found.
Pokémon Go, a hunt for health and happiness that's worth it
It is fascinating to see how the world is changing.
That teenagers and child no longer go outside to play, but rather prefer to spend their leisure time staring at screens, has been lamented by many in the last decade.
Pokemon Go is about getting people from the sofa and making it more active.
The time on the screen was initially on the TV, then limited to video games and most recently on smartphones.
So it is great to see that technology and outdoor activities are not mutually exclusive.
I am referring, of course, to the Pokémon Go-Wahn, an app based on the characters first created for the video games in the 1990 s (later created a cartoon series, playing cards and other spin-offs).
Like many phenomena of pop culture, the interest sank ahead of the release of the game in the US, Australia and New Zealand in early July.
The market launch in other countries was postponed by the massive demand that the servers overloaded.
Within a few days, Pokémon Go had more users than Tinder and almost as many as Twitter.
How does it work?
In short, the players go outside with their smartphones and look for Pokémons, which are traced with a GPS and, once they have been found, can be "photographed" (via a screenshot on the mobile phone) or "captured."
A generation that played the game when she was even younger, joined the whip and jumped for the search from the sofa.
In the US, the game led to a significant increase in steps that the "average" person puts back every day.
Cardiogram, an app for Apple Watch that tracks 35,000 users, told the Washington Post recently that within two days of the game's launch, the number of tracked people who train 30 minutes each day jumped from 45 percent to 53 percent.
The company does not know who is playing Pokémon Go - it only sees the raw data to increase performance.
Many public health campaigns to get people to "take themselves 30 minutes" to "come from the sofa" and "be active every day" encountered deaf ears because many public messages to health are boring and come from people who look elusive.
Nevertheless, the importance of sport cannot be overvalued.
Anyone who regularly drives sports reduces his chances of suffering from cancer or depression.
Physical activity helps with weight control, high blood pressure, diabetes and a long list of benefits that is too long to lead them here.
But the miraculous thing about Pokémon Go is that it brings people to do something outdoors that makes them fun.
Thus, three pillars of health are covered - movement, fresh air and sunshine as well as fun.
Some people even close new friendships on the hunt.
As always, there are also mysterious gamblers who always have to complain about something.
And yes, someone could run against a door.
What is to be done?
A breakthrough has occurred.
Even if smartphone apps like Fitbit were able to track our activity earlier in the day, they gave us no reason to drive sport as it does this game.
The new will lose its charm and the use will decrease over time.
However, due to Pokemon's success, there will be more games that will unite apps and virtual reality with the activity in the real world, helping many people on the hunt to be more active, fitter and healthier.
Read Dr. Joes Blog on www.drjoetoday.com
Simone Biles creates gold in the doorway
Forget the pressure.
Forget the hype.
Simone Biles is immune to all this.
Dynamic on the jump horse.
Effortlessly on the bar.
Breathtaking on the floor.
On whole line brilliant.
And now, finally, Olympic champion.
The 19-year-old American Turnerin erupted to the multi-campaign title on Thursday, widening the gap between himself and the rest of the world before all eyes under the headlight of the Olympics.
Their overall result of 62.198 was clearly ahead of the silver medal winner and "final Five" team cameradin Aly Raisman and the Russian bronze medal winner Aliya Mustafina.
The American Simone Biles is touring on the weaving beam during the women's single multicampaign in the art turf at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, Thursday.
Biles is the fourth heterosexual American to win a multi-campaign title and overall the fifth, while solidifying her reputation to be the best of her generation or even at all.
She broke out in tears when her final result was shown and her long journey at that moment found an end.
This success puts them in the same league as unique athletes like Michael Phelps, who brought their sports to new heights:
Biles has dominated her sport the last three years, winning 15 world championship medals - including 10 gold medals - with such amazing exercises that include a mixture of ambition and precision that the 1984 Mary Lou's Olympic champion said of her that she is "the best turner I've ever seen."
It was expecting a last test in Brazil, a contest that did not go so much between Biles and the rest of the athletes, but rather between it and a load of oversized expectations.
Not returning with a handful of gold back to the family in Spring, Texas would be seen as a disappointment.
The American Simone Biles, left, and Aly Raisman embrace themselves after they each won gold and silver in the women's singles multi-campaign inch in the art turf at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, Thursday
Biles picked up the first medal on Tuesday while she served as an exclamation mark on the farewell celebration of team coordinator Martha Karolyi.
Although Biles insisted that during her long journey to the top, never planned the future, that's not really true.
Part of their ground exercises - which contain their typical tumbling passport - is tuned to Latin American music that would fit at home on the street outside the Olympic arena in Rio.
This is not a coincidence.
This girl, adopted by her grandparents as a small child and discovered by trainer Aimee Boorman's mother during a school trip to the gym where Boorman trained, became a force.
She hasn't lost a multi-campaign contest since the summer of 2013, a victory series that will last for as long as it wants Biles.
Even though Mustafina led easily by two rotations, the image declined.
Weaving beams and ground turkeys - in which Biles holds the world championship title - lurked.
She picked up again with 15.433 on the wearing beam - and set one on it with a 15.933 on the floor.
Raisman gently embraced her as they were expecting her final glue - a pure formality - and tears streamed on Biles gleefully red, white and blue Eyeliner when the vision she once described in her collection book became a reality.
Raismans "performance was a revenge for the last time four years ago when she struggled around third place, but the bronze medal in a tiebrake went to Mustafina.
This time, the 22-year-old team captain, called "grandma" by the Americans, had a lead.
After her ground exercise, she accused the audience of cushions, overwhelmed by a comeback that sometimes appeared doubtful.
As for Biles, the 19 -year-old's rapidly spreading tweet has a whole new meaning from earlier this week:
Police: 3 victims shot in serial murder case at music hearing in car
According to police reports released Thursday, two women and a 12-year-old girl were shot dead in one of the deadliest attacks for a decade in Phoenix's first serial murder case while they were entertaining in the car and listening to music.
Angela Rochelle Liner, Stefanie R. Ellis and Ellis daughter Maleah were shot dead on June 12 while the car was parked in an entry, authorities said.
The offender fired eight shots from a handgun while he was on the car's front-passenger side and then fled with another vehicle, is read in the report.
Police announced that the triple murder did not appear to have been the result of a robbery, as the attacker did not take the handbags or the $2,900 that were owned by one of the adult victims.
Phoenix Sgt. Jonathan Howard's police spokesman said the shooting was giving investigators a closer look at whether it is linked to four previous attacks.
In total, seven people were killed and two others wounded in Hispanic residential areas within four months in nine attacks.
"It happens in a residential area in front of a house," Howard told KHPO, a subsidiary of CBS, earlier this month.
It is believed the suspect used several vehicles, including a brown Nissan from the late 1990 s, a black BMW from the late 1990 s and a white Cadillac or Lincoln.
Investigators refused to disclose the evidence they led to the conclusion that the attacks were linked and committed by the same murderer.
Ellis, 33, was hospitalized due to her injuries and later died.
Liner, 31, and Ellis' daughter Maleah still died on the ground.
A witness told police that it was not unusual for her to sit in a parked car and listen to music.
Authorities also released a police report on the shooting, aimed at an empty pickup truck half a hour before the triple murder and is believed to have been the work of the serial murderer.
Investigators found patron hulls and secured a bullet from the seat as well as bullet fragments from the engine room.
Mother of a 6-year-old with microcephaly: "It's getting better '
Like most 6 -year-olds, Edmund Picciuto loves singing, toys and, of course, his mother.
But like the least of his contemporaries, Edmund has microcephaly, the result of a genetic disorder about which his mother Elizabeth Picciuto knew nothing during her pregnancy.
When he came home for the first time, my first thought was, I'm not creating that.
I'm not creating that.
I did not admit that.
What is not true at all -- of course, it has been adhered to, "she said.
Her husband Vincent and her has been told that Edmund may never be able to recognize her and that he may not even survive.
Some doctors even went so far as to suggest that they institutionalize it.
"My first answer to that was" I didn't know that people still do, "" explained Picciuto.
Edmund can run with the help of a remedy.
Edmund could not sit or crash until his third year of life and he still can't speak.
But he is making slow progress.
He can run with support and bike ride.
He also loves to play and sing with his two brothers.
Elizabeth shows the character language that Edmund thought for "please sing me something before."
"We bring it to him," Picciuto told CBS News.
But it's not a typical character language -- she says, Edmund has invented some characters alone.
Microcephaly has a variety of causes: genetic as well as Edmund, as well as infections with viruses such as measles or the Zikavirus during pregnancy.
The symptoms and forecasts can vary greatly.
It is too early to say how it will affect the lives of those infected with the Zikavirus.
Picciuto remembers the emotional price of an uncertain future.
I constantly asked what will happen?
What will happen?
And she still doesn't really know.
I haven't asked for the prediction for a long time, because I don't expect them to be able to tell me anybody really.
But Picciuto has a hopeful advice for mothers of infants with birth damage caused by the Zikavirus.
It's getting better.
You know it's going to get better for you.
You'll love your child and your child will love you.
Fierce rains, flooding gives cause for rescue in Louisiana, Mississippi
Heavy rainfall and large-scale flooding in Louisiana forced the governor to call out the state of emergency on Friday.
Numerous rivers in south-east Louisiana and the south of the Mississippi flooded their shores and threatened with large-scale flooding after extreme rainfall, the National Weather Service reported.
The governor of Louisiana John Bel Edwards announced that state officials are in constant contact with local authorities and that assistance to the affected communities is already on the way.
Mike Steele, a spokesman for the governor's Office of Homeland Security and Emergency Preparedness, announced that requests for flood vehicles, boats and sandbags were increasing.
Steele said that the municipality of Tangipahoa alone would have requested ten thousand sandbags.
A flood warning system is being deployed across much of the south of Louisiana until Saturday.
The weather service indicated that an additional 3 to 5 inches of rain could fall in this area.
In southern Alabama, a flood-early warning system was deployed on Friday, while it continued to rain in the Mobile area.
The River Comite near Baton Rouges and the River Amite near Denham Springs, both of which are located in Louisiana, are likely to reach record levels over the weekend.
The metereologist Alek Krautmann says both rivers could flood many houses in the suburbs near Baton Rouge.
He also said that a strom-downward flood in Ascension Parish poses a danger, as these will only flow slowly in the Lake Maurepas across the rivers.
The River Tickfaw, south of the Mississippi state border in Liverpool, Louisiana, already reached 09,00 the highest level ever recorded on Friday.
Rescue teams still poured people out of the floodwater in the districts of Amite and Wilkinson in the southwest of Mississippi.
Leroy Hansford, his wife and stepson were among those rescued near Gloster on Friday.
Hansford, 62, says that water from Beaver Creek, which is normally more than 400 feet away from his house, rose sharply overnight.
He said that another stepson who lives nearby would have warned him.
"We woke up and the water flowed and flowed," Hansford said.
It reached my waist.
His wife told Hansford that in the 48 years she lived there, she would never have seen such a high of the river.
Hansford said that he and his family members had all the disabilities and he would be the only one who can swim.
Hansford said that Nothelfer had saved all three in a major military truck and had brought them to the next fire guard in Gloster, where they were housed until Friday.
Krautmann said the flood had "spread rapidly" as there continued to be heavy rainfall and that authorities were considering evacuation instructions.
According to Krautmann, an observer near Livingstone reported from midnight to Friday morning of 13.75 inches of rain.
Krautmann said the ground had been significantly softened by the rains since Wednesday.
Authorities said heavy rainfall and road flooding caused the rescue of residents from their homes in Tangipahoa Parish and teaching failure in five school districts.
The CBS subsidiary, WWL, reported that an associate in Tangipahoa gave 200 flooded houses.
Residents were evacuated in two churches, which have now both been flooded.
The premiere of the community of Robby Miller said authorities had rescued 72 people and seven pets, which were battered by the flooding.
In the cities of Amite and Hammond, temporary shelters were set up to house the evacuees.
"Once the water begins to go back, they will be able to go back to their homes," he said.
In the town of Hammond of the municipality of Tangipahoa, nearly two dozen roads were closed due to flooding and sandbags provided for residents to take part, hoping to keep the water from their homes and shops.
"The last major flood we had was in March," said Lacy Landrum of the city administration.
This seems to be a similar incident.
In Mississipp, the emergency manager Rupert Lacy of the Harrison County said it continued to rage on the Gulf Coast.
According to his data, a handful of houses were reported to have been reported as flooding on Thursday, but none were reported on Friday.
Keith Townson, manager at Shopper Value Foods in Amite, has been living in the area for 40 years.
"I've seen water in places where I've never seen it before," said Townson, "and it's still coming."
Mahaj Brown, 6, "extinguished by bullets," survives shooting in Philadelphia
Police agree that the 6-year-old boy was shot in Philadelphia, this week already the second time a 6-year-old child is shot.
The boy's grandparents identified him for CBS Philadelphia as Mahaj Brown.
The grandparents indicated that Brown suffered multiple shot injuries, including in the Lend, leg, arm and belly, but that he was at the hospital when he was transported to the hospital.
"He went through a lot, his little body was sparked by bullets," his grandmother, Delores Melendez, told the broadcaster.
I just can't believe that.
The boy's condition was classified as critical in a hospital and he had to undergo several operations.
The boy's family informed the broadcaster that he is expected to recover.
He should have started the first class in a local primary school.
Brown was one of four people who were shot in Germantown.
Three men were also shot: two at the age of 29 and a 32 -year-old.
One of the 29-year-old men is in critical condition; the other two victims are in stable condition, according to CBS Philadelphia.
The boy was found hooked up on the front seat of a car along with the 29 -year-old, who is in a critical condition, reports the broadcaster.
The other two victims were not in the car and police are just investigating whether or not to be among one of the injured men of the perpetrators.
Investigators told CBS Philadelphia that it appeared to have come to a crossfire between several shooters.
Patron hulls for storm rifles traced to various storm guns overturned the scene.
It seems that this was clearly an ongoing fight.
On the road, on both sides of the road, there were sleeves.
There seem to have been several armed fighters involved here, who were very actively involved, "police chief Anthony Ginaldi told police in Philadelphia to the broadcaster.
Several houses and vehicles have also been hit in the area.
There were no arrests and police are currently reviewing reports of the surveillance video.
On Tuesday, another 6-year-old girl was hit by a squatter at the arm when she played in front of her house in the residential area of the West Oak Lane.
She is recovering and police are still searching for a suspect.
Why we need Simone, Gabby and Laurie
That's what I imagine under the women's Olympic team in the turf, and that's for more than one reason.
First of all, I have been at every summer Olympics since 1984 and the U.S. has never been so dominant.
And second: this team has three turners-up, Simone Biles, Gabby Douglas and Lauren "Laurie" Hernandez, who were inspiring for many young girls of other skin colour.
The structure of this team, the Aly Raisman, who is Jüdin and Madison Kocian, who is Catholic, makes everyone proud.
This team is finally reflecting the US.
It has solidified the black and Hispanic female presence at the top of this sport.
In the last four years, the number one among the female turner has been an Afro-American.
Last year were Simone and Gabby\ HASH 1 and\ HASH 2.
That shows strength.
At the last Olympics, Gabby Douglas was a surprising Olympic winner and America cheered.
Now the world has been able to witness the incredible performance of the triple world champion Simone Biles, Douglas and Laurie Hernandez as they delivered unexpected but masterful gymastic routines.
On Thursday, Simone became the fourth, heterosexual American to win gold at an individual multi-campaign event for women.
Team member Aly Raisman won silver.
We are seeing the top of this sport, but that's not how turf classes across the country look like.
Simone, Gabby and Laurie all beat the same way as Aly and Madison to create it into the Olympic team.
They are the "last Five," because the next Olympics will only have four female players in the team, and this is the last year with Marta Karolyi as a trainer.
But the reality is that turkeys are an expensive sport and Turner is primarily in private turf clubs that are maintained by parents who pay for the training, set-up, travel, competition and hotel costs (for the coaches and their turners and families).
The majority of these turf clubs lie in wealthy suburbs that can support the business.
In these clubs, the Turners receive their entire training and this is an expensive and long-term commitment for the families.
Aimee Boorman, trainer of Simone Biles, and Maggie Haney, trainer of Laurie Hernandez, have both trained their athletes since they started playing with the turkey.
We need to give the communities countless, young girls inspired by Simone, Gabby and Laurie a more affordable and more accessible turf training.
I founded my turnstile of 20 years.
At my events, we have offered free and affordable turkeys in Harlem for over 15,000 urban young people (especially black and Hispanic) and trained national and international winners.
In September we will expand to Detroit (my hometown) to offer the youth high quality turkeys that deserve the opportunity to learn and benefit from this great Olympic sport.
Turnen develops strength, flexibility and coordination for the body as well as hard work, discipline and determination for the spirit.
This combination offers life-long benefits for health, as well as for school and professional success.
It's the inspiration of this team that causes thousands of young girls to be interested in the turf and that's great.
It's so important to participate in sport, especially for girls.
This is such an exciting time.
Thanks to Simone, Aly, Laurie, Gabby and Madison for this real portrayal of "Girl Power" by the Holen of the Olympic team and thank you so many young girls with different background motivated to start their way to become healthy, strong and successful young women.
Assistant doctors want to organise further strikes after they rejected Jeremy Hunt's proposal
Ministers had hoped to end the dispute over the changes by adopting a reformed contract with the British Medical Association's officials, but 58 percent of the 37,000 assistant doctors who voted in an election rejected him.
In July, Hunt had unveiled plans to forcibly introduce the contract, saying that the NHS would be in a "no-man's land" and that any further delay would be harmful to staff and patients.
The first assistant doctors are to receive a new contract that includes changes to night and weekend work to improve care at inhospitable times.
Dr Ellen McCourt, the chairman of the BMA Committees for Assistant Doctors, announced last night in a communication: "assistant doctors still have serious concerns about the proposed contract, particularly that it will fuel the current workforce crisis and admit it will treat all doctors fairly."
At just eight weeks remaining until the first group of doctors fall under the new contract, progress has to be made and time is running out.
Efforts by the BMA to resolve the disputes by conversations joined the government on reluctance to participate, and sometimes on deafening silence.
That happened to a promise made by Jeremy Hunt just last month that his door would always be open.
"Jeremy Hunt must act now, lift the stir and address the concerns of assistant doctors."
Should he not do so, the assistant doctors have made it clear that they are ready to carry out further work measures.
The last strike at the end of April saw a postponement of nearly 13,000 routine operations and 100,000 appointments, as nurses and specialist doctors were involved to grant cover to doctors on the strike pocket chain.
Ministers had hoped to end the dispute over the changes by adopting the reformed contract with the British Medical Association's officials.
The BMA wants a better weekly pay for the 54,000 assistant doctors who will be subject to the contract.
Daniel Mortimer, director general of the NHS staff, urged assistant doctors to end the strike.
Mortimer said: "work measures do not achieve anything of the very little, but already overburdened teams and service providers, and only cause concern, distress and disruption to patients, carers and their families."
Over the past two months, we have spoken to the Committees of Assistant doctors and have responded positively to concerns about the guardianship and whistleblowing with the Department of Health as well as other ministries.
Employers hoped that continued positive engagement on other important issues - such as posting, flexibility in training, additional training for those returning from a professional outbreak, training kits, mutual recognition of the curriculum, training leave and the gender pay gap in medicine - were a sign of how serious it was for employers, the Health Education England and the Department of Health to comply with the agreements with the BMA in November, February and May.
The £2 -per day drug that can lower heart attack risk
Thousands of heart attack patients will benefit from a £2 per day drug after being recommended by the authorities to administer this more people for a longer period of time.
The germinating drug Ticagrelor reduces the risk of repeated heart attacks for people with a heart disease.
The drug is already administered for 12 months after a heart attack, reducing the risk of a stroke or another heart attack.
The NHS's regulator NICE has recommended a four -year long intake to further reduce the risk of cardiovascular problems.
The NHS's regulator NICE has recommended a four -year long intake to further reduce the risk of cardiovascular problems.
Around 140,000 people suffer a heart attack every year and a quarter of them suffer another heart attack or a stroke.
Heart attacks and strokes are caused by accumulations of fatty material in the artery walls that make up coverings.
When the Belag breaks apart, it can cause a blood clot that closes blood flow to the heart, causing a heart attack.
If the blood clot solves, it can flow through the bloodstream and clog the blood flow to the brain, causing a stroke.
People who already had a heart attack are subject to a higher risk of having another.
Ticagrelor, which is produced by the British company AstraZeneca and is distributed under the trade name Brilique, reduces this risk by making the formation of blood clots more unlikely.
NICE's draft bill, published today, recommends a 12-month intake of 90 mg of Ticagrelor, followed by 60 mg with a twice daily intake of aspirin for the next three years.
Professor Carole Longson, director of the NICE Health Technology Assessment Centre said: "despite the availability of secondary prevention, a quarter of all those who have suffered a heart attack have another heart attack or a stroke - often with disastrous consequences."
The fear of a renewed heart attack can have a significant negative impact on a person's quality of life.
Experience shows that in combination with aspirin, Ticagrelor is effective in reducing further heart attacks and strokes in people who already had a heart attack.
Through a provisional recommendation from Ticagrelor, we are pleased that we are able to extend available treatment options to thousands of people who can benefit from it.
The information on the effectiveness and safety of Ticagrelor - especially the risk of bleeding - is limited to a period of up to three years.
Culture of Political Correctness leaves electoral fraud flourishing in Muslim areas
The former mayor of Tower Hamlets Lutfur Rahman was removed from office last year at the instigation of a government report
A culture of political correctness has meant that widespread electoral fraud in Muslim communities is knowingly ignored as a devastating government report disclosed today.
Former cabinet member Sir Eric Pickles is verbally attacking the police, election observers and town halls for having ignored evidence of electoral abuse due to "oversensitivities concerning ethics and religion."
The former Minister for Integration and Local Government, who is now an anti-corruption royal, said that intimidating voters from religious motives would be so bad that police should be allowed to set up lockout bands outside electoral cabins to protect intimidated voters.
He recommends that voters should have an identity card to prove their identity in elections.
At the moment, a voter only has to name his name and address.
The report proposes to put non-removable ink on a person's finger when they cast their voting votes to prevent someone from choosing twice.
Whistleblowers should receive more protection, says Sir Eric.
It calls for the press to have more access to community documents and decisions from non-official committees or working groups.
"This is not only against electoral fraud, but is also intended to protect the municipal government from the broader corruption and financial fraud culture that goes with it," he said.
The report was ordered by Downing Street as a result of the Tower Hamlets election scandal in east London.
Last year, a special election court ruled that the acting mayor, Lutfur Rahman, should be dismissed after a litany of corrupt and illegal practices of his office.
The court found that Rahman would have "perverted" the religious feelings of his Muslim community "in a cynical way" and that he would have silenced his critics with racism and Islamophobia accusations.
Rahman is said to have "led his campaign on the basis that it was the religious duty of Muslims to choose him."
Up to 300 votes were either dubious or the consequence of an imitation where one person chooses as someone else.
Sir Eric said there was evidence of fraud across the country.
He was particularly alarming about the fraudulent letter election - where older members of the Muslim community had made pressure on people to choose a candidate of their choice.
Sir Eric, pictured, made several recommendations to clean up the electoral system, including driving out expulsions to prove the identity
In his report, it says: "As proof has been given that pressure has been put on vulnerable members of some ethnic minorities, especially women and young people, to vote in accordance with the will of the elderly, especially communities with Pakistani or Bangladeshi backgrounds.
"There were concerns that... State institutions had knowingly ignored such behavior because of" politically correct "oversensitivities concerning ethics and religion."
Sir Eric made 50 recommendations to clean up the system, including banning political activists from editing letters to stop "electoral harvesting."
The report, considered by Theresa May, also requires tougher registration reviews to prevent the electoral directory from being used for immigration and social fraud purposes.
Consider options to ask voters before choosing your card.
Non-removable ink on a person's finger as soon as she has cast her vote to prevent someone from choosing twice.
Carry out systematic reviews on a person's nationality to ensure they are eligible to vote.
A three -year limit on applications for an automatic letter choice.
Ban that political activists edit full letter elections and envelopes of letter elections.
Giving the police the power to set up lockouts around election stations.
A change in the law that facilitates an indictment of intimidation in accordance with the Representation of the People Act 1983.
Photography ban in polling stations.
Requirement that only English be used in the polling stations (except for Wales).
Intensifying the training to ensure that staff enforce the rule that voters go to the electoral cabin alone.
Sir Eric falls over the Metropolitan Police and finds it "astonishing" that after the Tower Hamlets case, no criminal charges were made.
"The electoral court has declared Lutfur Rahman and his deputy to be inappropriate for a litany of corrupt and illegal practices," he said.
He was found guilty of a number of reasons, according to the high requirements in the criminal proceedings.
He also criticizes the ineffective "hawkish controls" of town halls "electoral registration departments.
Sir Eric said: "the court ruling in Tower Hamlets of last year was a warning sign.
Our country has a proud heritage as the mother of the parliaments, but the worrying and covert spread of electoral fraud and denial of some authorities threaten this good reputation.
Crazy after Kates cycling doppelgänger and other famous doppelgängers of Olympic athletes in Rio
Fans of the 2016 Olympics in Rio have come out this week over the French cyclist Pauline Ferrand-Prevot, out of edge and band, who has proved to be an impressive doppelgänger of the Duchess of Cambridge.
But the 24-year-old Olympicist is far from the only one to have gold struggling athlete who has his own famous doppelgänger - at least not if you are allowed to believe in social media.
In honour of the Rio Olympics and all the famous faces currently flimming on our screens, FEMAIL has created a list of Olympics that have more than just a certain resemblance to Hollywood fame.
The hunter and wolf: team member of the U.S. team in arch shooting Brady Ellison, left, has been compared to Leonardo DiCaprio since his childhood
Apart from Kate's doppelgänger on the cycling track, many people on the internet pointed out how a certain arch protector could be the twin of A-Promi Leonardo DiCaprio.
The team member of the U.S. team in arch shooting Brady Ellison has caused a rush on Twitter after images on which he sees the Wolf of Wall Street star intriguingly similar.
In fact, the arch protector got the madness on social media and admitted that he has been hearing since his childhood that he looks like Leo.
"I do not see a great similarity, except for facial hair," Brady told the Huffington Post.
"He is a good-looking guy, so I am a compliment."
One of the most popular comparisons since London 2012 will no doubt be even more focused this year: the upsetting similarity between British wife Greg Rutherford and the popular actor Neil Patrick Harris.
Russian turner Aliya Mustafina, with her large, expressive eyes, is expected to be able to go through as a doppelgänger for the Cuban-American singer Gloria Estefan.
And in the swimming pool, South African swimmer Cameron van der Burgh has been compared to Glee star Matthew Morrison for years.
A gear higher: this user believes that Nathan is the "athletic version" of the Inception actor
Another persistent comparison was drawn between the tennis star Rafael Nadal and actor Josh Hartnett, who has similarly heavy eyebrows and lips.
Russian silver medal swimmer Yulia Efimova dismisses more than just the sun-drenched skin and blonde hair like the actress Annalynne McCord, while American Nathan Adrian was attested by fans to equal a "athletic version of Joseph Gordon Levitt."
Strong women: football star Hope Solo, left, and Dexter actress Jennifer Carpenter, right, have a similar face shape and eyes
Not the only one: one Twitter user was very happy that others have also noticed the similarities
Theory put in space: according to this user, there may be a reason for the pair's resemblance
A Twitter user explained her satisfaction that "the rest of the internet thinks that Hope Solo and Jennifer Carpenter are almost identical."
Indeed, the U.S. soccer star Hope Solo and the Dexter actress Jennifer Carpenter have an incredibly similar face shape and eyes.
Other popular comparisons included Kerri Walsh-Jennings and her smile, which is almost identical to that of actress Laura Linney, as well as the gold medal winner in the turkey Gabby Douglas, which features her own beautiful, wide smile that resembles that of Bring It On Star Gabrielle Union.
CBC commentator for the Olympics apologises for his statement that Chinese swimmer "died like a pig"
Byron MacDonald's analysis on the fourth place of the 14-year-old Ai Yanhan at dr 4 x200m freelance swimmers outraged viewers of the CBC's Livetransfer of the Olmypical Games on Wednesday
Canadian broadcaster CBC had to apologise after one of his commentators said that the 14-year-old Chinese swimmer "went off like Mief" and during the race like "a pig died."
The commentator Byron MacDonalds thought his microphone was switched off when he handed out his own opinions at the end of the 4 x200m freelance swimming pool.
Macdonald, who had been picked into the CBS's commentator team to lend more "colour," could be heard saying: "this little 14-year-old Chinese has lost the connection, baby."
Too excited, went off like Mief, died like a pig.
Thank you for that.
Chinese swimmer Ai Yanhan, 14, swam the second stage of swimming staffing 1:57.79 - 1.61 seconds slower than Canada's Taylor Ruck, allowing the Canadians to close the gap to China.
Viewers across Canada quickly reacted online after they were shocked by the tone and language
Emmett Macfarlane tweeted, "has the CBC commentator just said that the 14-year-old swimmer from China" died like a pig "???
The idiot did not capture that they were still on broadcast. "
Ai Yanhan from China was described at the final 4 x 200 m outdoor swimming pool for women: "this little 14-year-old Chinesin has lost the connection, baby."
The criticism against Byron MacDonald on Twitter came swiftly and hard, at which many put it to the speech
Twitter users didn't hold back when they heard how insensitive Byron MacDonald was
Another Twitter user, Sarah Paradis, wrote: "WoW,\ HASH ByronMacDonald.
You represent the CBC and Canada and let us all look like racists.
A short time later, Scott Russel, who moderated the CBC broadcast, apologised live for MacDonald's comment, saying: "we apologise that the comment was broadcast on a swimming performance."
It was an unfortunate wording, we are sorry that it happened. "
CBC apologised at the end over 90 times at the people who replied to the Bemerkt via Twitter
The commentator Scott Russel had to apologise on behalf of MacDonald
CBC coped and added his apology at more than 90 other Twitter users who had complained about MacDonald's comments
The network also apologised quickly and issued a communication.
We sincerely regret that these statements were made and that it was made possible for them to be broadcast.
We quickly apologised to our viewers last night on broadcast and our followers on social media.
To make one thing clear, Byron's comments related to the performance of the swimmer and not to her as a person.
Yet they were inappropriate and an unhappily chosen wording; Byron is very sorry about what he said.
On Thursday afternoon, MacDonald apologised in the broadcast and tried to justify his remark by saying that it was not his intention that she be interpreted as a personal attack.
"I'd like to take a moment to apologise for the comment I made after the women's swimming squad in the CBC Olympics, he said.
"I was referring to the performance of the swimmer and not to her as a person."
Of course, no disregard was intended and I am very sorry. "
Buyer in Primark outraged over woman who shamelessly tried underwear in the middle of business
The buyers didn't know where they should look when a woman pulled out her clothing amid a primark to try underpants.
To make the situation worse, she mustered how she looked in it, pulled her out and put her back to the shelf.
She continued to stoke and tried four pairs of underhoses in a shop at the Bouverie Place shopping centre in Folkestone, Feb.
The Primark business at the Bouverie Place shopping centre in Folkestone, where the woman tried the underhoods before putting her back in the shelf
A mother of two children, Jenny Davidson, who was in the business at the same time, said that after the mysterious woman had tried the underwear, "she attracted herself again and left the business without buying anything."
She said: "people couldn't believe what they saw."
Standing in the middle of the sales area, she took a pair of underpants from the outlay, pulled out her own tights and pants and tried her.
"She didn't even try to find a more discreet place to do it - she just stood there, freaking out like Oskar."
"Everyone starred when they pulled out the underhoods, who obviously didn't like it, as they put them back into the shelf."
She repeated the same with three other underhoods before finally deciding that you liked nothing, got back and ran out.
"She didn't seem to disrupt it that she was watching someone - or thinking about the person who might buy the underhoods she had tried."
Ms Davidson, 33, who lives in Kent, said: "how disgusting to think that someone would take underhoods with home that had a different person and who were not washed."
The incident occurred on Tuesday afternoon.
Ms Davidson added: "As I got along, the staff tried to pull the garments out of the sale after it went - which is just as good. '
"I'd hate to go home with a new pair of underhoods and find out that another woman had her and pulled out again and they weren't washed up."
A spokesman for Primark said: "Primark is aware of the incident that occurred in our branch in Folkstone on Tuesday 9 August."
All the products in question were pulled out of the sale.
How to protect yourself with Krav Maga from gun attacks
The world outside is a dangerous place, but this video of Dailymail.com could make him a little safer for you.
We talked to Rhon Mizrachi, a grandmaster of the Krav Maga Association in New York, to find out how to deal with armed robbers at close distance.
Regardless of whether you are approaching you from the front or from the back, this video will show you how to turn the spy around for your robber.
If you are approaching you from behind, you should first turn around so that you can see your attacker and "get out of the firing line," says Mizrachi.
Then take the weapon between your front arm and your shoulder before you beat him with your free elbow.
Then beat him with the knee in the bar and turn, while the attacker crumbles from pain, the weapon from his hands, beat him with the run in the face and move backwards while turning the weapon on him.
In attackers approaching from scratch, the technique is similar - move your body out of the firing line, take the weapon and turn it down so the attacker can't shoot.
Shift the weight to the weapon at the same time and beat the attacker to the chest, then turn the weapon out of his grip before moving backwards and targeting the weapon on him.
Sounds difficult?
Watch the video to see exactly how it prefers Mizrachi.
But remember that in a robbery, it is safest to pass your money - unless you are a Krav Maga grandmaster.
Traveller Ian Wright is chasing his tongue at the dirtiest places in Europe for a travel guide
A British traveller underwent his immune system and dignitaries of a serious test - by ditching some of Europe's dirtiest and most eclectic places.
The presenter and travel writer Ian Wright, 51, from Suffolk shabbed his course on an euro note, a balloon at the Piccadilly Circus, a dishwasher of a train toilet as well as a public phone in Russia to demonstrate the resilience of his immune system.
Before dragging each object, he used a luminometer to show himself and us what he is going to get into.
But the experiment, filmed under the title "the Lickhiker's Guide to Inner Strength," brought some surprising results to light.
The idea of leaking the dishwasher of a train toilet, which has already been used by thousands of others, may be completely repulsive, but in fact there are more bad bacteria in a kitchenette.
On his journey through Europe, Mr Wright spoke to doctors and medical professionals about promoting intestinal bacteria as well as about his own health.
Thankfully, nothing he left behind left more than a bad aftertaste in the mouth.
Mr Wright became known for testing the resilience of his intestines by traveling through the world and enjoying peculiar and wonderful things.
From public money to train stations to washing buttons of toilets, the task definitely put his immune system under a probe
In the film he told: "already as a child, I was relatively unconcerned about my health and I put all sorts of things in my mouth, earth, worms and mud water."
In the film, he was in any case fair to his reputation.
The only thing he opposed was a dirty public toilet in Russia.
His trial discovery showed a luminometer number of over 4000 units.
In comparison, the luminometer number of freshly washed hands is less than 60.
But there was a Russian toilet he refused to lick after her luminometer number was over 4000 units, while freshly washed hands have one of less than 60
Mr Wright and the Finnish manufacturer of dairy products Valio produced the travel film "the Lickhiker's Guide to Inner Strength," which shows the bacteria number in different places like the bathroom
In the film, he says: "this comes close to the worst I've got in a toilet."
There is nothing dirtier than that!
I'm not going to lure anything here because it's indoors here.
"The Lickhiker's Guide to Inner Strength" was produced in cooperation with the Finnish manufacturer of dairy products Valio.
The company is equipping Mr Wright with Valio freezing, which includes both lactic acid bacteria and vitamin C and D to support the promotion of intestinal bacteria and the immune system.
Valio's Senior Venice President for snacks, juices and new categories Niko Vuorenmaa says: "we really wanted to offer something new to consumers.
Something that is fascinating to watch and at the same time explains the benefits of probiotics.
We carried out crazy brainstormings that ended that we said "let us call Ian."
They claim that interest in intestinal health becomes a global phenomenon
Instead of just talking about the products, we wanted to put them in a wider context - the good and bad bacteria in our everyday environment, the importance of intestinal health and how it is linked to the immune system.
The growing interest in intestinal health is a global phenomenon and with the documentary we have been able to provide consumers with more information in an interesting way.
I also think that the film shows that we have a great sense of humour!
Tom Hakala, who led the film's directions, added: "let me say so - I would have lost my respect for Ian if he had put some of the things that I instructed him to lick, just like the eclectic Russian toilet shown in the film."
Of course, there were things where it was easier to get Ian to lick them and others where this was quite difficult.
I'm glad we've included some of these dirty leaks on film. "
In a 2015 survey carried out by Valio, 84 percent of all respondents associated lactic acid bacteria in particular with the wellbeing of stomach and intestines and 58 percent said they at least occasionally use products containing attached lactic acid bacteria.
Asocial family destroys social housing in Saltash, Cornwall
An asocial family left their social housing after a deluge with a £50,000 damage because it had terrorised their neighbours.
Tanya Skeldon and her partner Shaun Trebilcock were thrown from their property in Saltash, Cornwall, according to a long list of complaints.
After being violently removed from their property, shocked employees of the housing cooperative found the property in an irreparable condition.
The walls pointed out glowing holes, wooden dieles were ripped up, rubbish was scattered on the floor and graffiti was smeared to the walls.
The family have been resettled and it is believed she now lives in a private shelter
Donna McEvoy, who works for house administration at Cornwall Housing, said she fears the apartment was no longer to be repaired.
She said: "It was an absolute nightmare for the people here and I think people don't have to live in this way.
There are many things to take into account, as this property will probably be seen as not such a beautiful part of Cornwall.
The family is notorious and their reputation is also.
The pair had three sons who lived in the flat in the meantime and police said that the terror that had inflicted on the family included street fighting with baseball blasts, intimidation of residents, drug abuse, drug trafficking and excessive cries, strikes and flight.
Skeldon, 47, whose name was on the lease, got an arrangement for anti-social behaviour in June.
In some rooms of the house, which will be demolished in circumstances, old rubbish was found
It has been ripped up in the property where drugs have been traded in the past
Neighbours said they saw them fighting on the street and had to be regularly called to the police
Cornwall Housing deleted her and her partner this week violently from the property after giving them an extended period of 11 weeks to voluntarily pull out.
The deluge was cheered by facilitated neighbors who said their lives were being made to hell.
One said: "they did not care about anyone."
We lived next to them for 20 years and it was always bad.
The countless times we tell the police here are unbelievable.
"This morning we could not sleep."
We stood up because it was so quiet here - we're not accustomed to that!
Now that they are finally away, it will be nice.
Adam Fitzpatrick, Neighbourhood Enforcement Manager of Cornwall Housing, said that it would have failed the family to cooperate with local authorities.
The family lived in the house, to which police were called at regular intervals, for 20 years
On the overgrown side of the community house, rubbish and old toys were thrown down
He added: "it is a disgrace that the tenant failed to accept any responsibility for their behaviour and that of their family, as a deluge is always the last step to consider Cornwall Housing.
This was a very difficult case, as the behaviour was extreme and their actions had to be terrible for their neighbours.
I appreciate all the work done by my team, the police of Devon and Cornwall, as well as members of the community who have been courageous on us and have provided us with the information.
I hope that this development will give consolation to some neighbours and convey the message that anti-social behaviour will not be tolerated.
Fitzpatrick said all three sons had lived in the house at different times, but that they were all over 20.
A dirty mattress that is left in one of the house's bedrooms after being deleted on the floor
Workers of house administration will now have to remove rubbish mountains that surround the house
In 2014, police carried out a raid in the house and found over 70 g of cannabis, as well as scales, paraphernals and cash of £1,700.
Skeldon was given a fine after she pleaded guilty to the possession of a drug B drug in trade view.
She claimed that the money was for a tombstone of her son, Lee Skeldon, who died in a car crash in 2013.
After they were without a shelter, it is assumed that Tanya and her partner now live in a private accommodation in Plymouth.
Many room walls of the house were decorated with graffiti.
Police say it will delight tenants who don't stick to the house order
Angela Crow from Devon and Cornwall Police announced that the deluge was a clear warning to the other tenants who did not abide by the house order.
"This goes to those who think they can behave without self-accusations and to those who have been damaged by such behaviour," she said.
Devon and Cornwall Police will never tolerate criminal and anti-social behaviour that will continue to work with partners to protect our communities.
Tourists in Portugal panic after a tipping military jet beach overflowed
Sun worshippers in Aveiro, Portugal experienced the shock of their lives
A Portugal's P- 3 C Orion plane of air forces put an incredible fall flight
Airstrikes said it was on a training flight but insisted that no security risk was ahead
This was the moment when scared tourists began to panic after a tipping jet crashed over a full beach.
Dramatic video recordings showed how the military plane flew almost within tangible proximity above the sunshine on the beach section in Aveiro in northern Portugal.
The holidaymakers sprang up when they understandably began to worry about the noise of the diet engines without first seeing what came through the clouds on them.
The incident occurred yesterday afternoon in Costa Nova, near Aveiro.
Daniel Fernandes, one of the many holidaymakers who posted videos about the dramatic fly-by on social media, said: "it flew twice really very deep and there was a moment when it looked like it was going to crash."
Nuno Arroja added: "I was just on the surf and it felt like the plane was falling down on me. '
Tourists on Aveiro beach were in panic when the plane came out of the darkness and was incredibly deep
The Portuguese air forces today indicated that the pilot of the P- 3 C Orion plane was on a training flight to identify fishing boats off the coast, flying so deep that this was the only way to detect them.
The spokesman said the jet flew slightly deeper than usual due to poor visibility conditions by nearby area fires, but the air forces insisted that safety was at no time at risk.
Land fires have destroyed parts of the Portuguese mainland this summer, where four people were killed on the island of Madeira.
The Portuguese air forces today indicated that the pilot had to fly so deep due to the conditions - strong fog and fire smoke - which restricted his view
The plane was on a training flight where the pilot had to identify fishing boats as part of the exercise
Supercup: Barca with worries against Seville
Sevilla - The FC Barcelona is battling for the first step to the first title win in the new football season on Sunday.
The Catalans are stepping out in the duel around the Spanish Supercup against the FC Sevilla, the replay rising three days later at the Camp Nou.
The Doublegewinner has to renounce in the balance of power with the subdued cupfinalist and reigning Europa League champion among others on Neymar, who denies the Olympic football tournament with Brazil.
Also missing is goalie Marc-Andre ter Stegen.
In training, the German suffered a change in the knee in the knee, clarifying the question at Barca at least for the time being in favour of Claudio Bravo.
The Chilean International and Ter Stegen have been betting in Barcelona for two years for status as number one.
Coach Luis Enrique has so far waived a clear decision, leaving Bravo in the league, but Ter Stegen in most other applications.
Before the first compulsory game of the new game season, there is doubt at the Spanish champion about the fitness state of the team, which was humiliated on Saturday in a Test match by Liverpool with 0:4 remaining.
Even at 3:2 in the Probegalopp against Sampdoria on Wednesday, Lionel Messi and Co. still didn't really know.
Seville, in turn, has to digest the 2:3 defeat after extension in the European Supercup against Real Madrid and is aiming for the second triumph at the "Supercopa de Espana."
Barcelona is with so far eleven successes of the record winners in this application.
Ma Long in a separate league to table tennis gold
Rio de Janeiro - The Chinese Ma Long is the new table tennis champion.
The 27-year-old defeated his countryman and "title defender" Zhang Jike 4:0 (12.5,4.4) on Thursday in Rio de Janeiro in an one-sided final.
As a result, the world class first picked up the "golden Grand Slam" with successes at World Cup, World Cup, World Tour Final Tournament and Olympia.
Bronze went to the Japanese Jun Mizutani.
The two Chinese, as expected, got into the final game and made the title of each other.
So it was clear that for the third time in a row a Chinese would pick up the single title in the sign of the Five Rings.
Last non-Chinese on the top Olympic stairwell was former SVS NÖ-legionnaire Ryu Seung-min from South Korea.
Ma and Zhang were left on the plate alone, between the sentences and at time-outs they had no coaches at themselves.
They had withdrawn to the grandstand and left their shooters alone in the fair competition.
"The matches to here I played for my country."
"In the final I play for me," Zhang had said folly.
After the match, gold and silver medal winners with the China flag.
The match itself was unexpectedly one-sided.
Ma had only really struggled with his 28-year-old opponent in the first set.
After that, he determined the pace at the plate, leaving Zhang with only a total of 13 points.
The superiority of Ma did not develop the expected matching match.
But, nevertheless, there were plenty of breathtaking ball changes to be seen.
Mizutani won the game around bronze against the 40-year-old Vladimir Samsonov 4:1.
In his quarter-final against German European champion Dimitrij Ovtcharov, the Belarusian had suffered a rib injury, after which he was in medical treatment, had to "ultimately" settle with bleach.
The Swedes Jan-Ove Waldner (38/2004) and Jörgen Persson (42/2008) were, by the way, in similarly high table tennis Olympia-Fourth.
Donald Trump admits there are tremendous problems ″ in campaigning
The leadership of the U.S. Republicans is plagued by massive worries about losing their majority in traditionally conservative states.
Presidential candidate Donald Trump now admitted weaknesses of his election campaign in the previous Republican high of Utah.
A rare moment in which the normally large-scale and self-assured multimillionaire expressed something like concerns, as correspondents reported.
Having thrown 16 rivals within his own Republican camp out of the race, the doubts are now growing about his success in the battle for the White House.
"We have huge problems in Utah," Trump said before evangelical Christians he asked for support in key states such as Ohio, Florida or Virginia.
Guilt were false reports of his candidacy, he resumed his well-known media outlets.
Republican high bursts waking up
Utah is normally a safe bank for the Republicans.
According to a survey by SurveyUSA from June, Trump and his competitors were equal to the Democrats, Hillary Clinton.
Other institutions see Trump ahead, but not with the distance that is common to Republican candidates in the state.
Arizona and Georgia are also at risk.
In an interview by the broadcaster CNBC, Trump responded to the question of how he wanted to stop Clinton's advance again: "just as I have done so far."
And afterwards: this will be "either successful, or I will make a very nice, long holiday."
He is not doing anything other than "telling the truth."
If it's not enough for him at the end for reasons of political correctness, that's fine, Trump continued.
Then I return to a very good way of life.
According to press reports, the party should have threatened Trump to remove funds in support of his campaign, should he not be able to present better polls.
Instead of that, the Republicans "candidates for Congress are more likely to get to grips with it.
Olympia: triple fraud in doping test
The IOC wants to set up a disciplinary commission on the case.
Kenya's athletes are dropping Ungemach after the second doping affair at the Olympics in Rio de Janeiro.
After a fraud attempt at a doping control in the Olympic village, Kenya sent a coach home.
The International Olympic Committee announced that it would immediately set up a disciplinary commission to investigate the case.
A Kenyan official had announced that the former sprinter and present-day coach, John Anzrah, had handed out an urine probe in the Olympic village under the name of the 800 -metre runner Ferguson Rotich.
This was reported to Kenya's team management by the doping inspectors.
The IAAF World Federation has asked the IOC for information on the case to make its own inquiries, an IAAF spokesman said.
"Depending on the results of the investigation and the subsequent actions of the IOC, the IAAF will carry out an assessment," an IAAF statement said.
"He (Anzrah) has gone to the doping control station and has spent himself as Ferguson Rotich, the probe handed out and signed," declared Kenya's chief of mission Stephan Arap Soi.
He was in possession of the athlete's accreditation, which was on the list for the World Anti-Doping Agency's training checks.
Ferguson Rotich had become more than 800 metres in Beijing in 2015.
Four days earlier, Kenyan athletics leader Michael Rotich had been deducted from the Rio Games.
He is said to have informed sportsmen of his country about upcoming doping tests.
According to media reports, he should have been arrested on his return at Nairobi airport.
Kenya has been under special observation for a long time at the IOC after numerous doping offences.
In announcing the IOC's more than 2000 doping target controls before the Rio Games, it was unusually pointed out previously that athletes from Kenya and Russia are being targeted.
The World Anti-Doping Agency had put a lot of pressure on the African country before the summer games in Brazil to create an anti-doping law and a functioning control system.
The law was passed a few weeks before Olympic start.
As a result, the WADA Kenya took from the list of countries whose doping is compliant with the rules of WADA.
Kenya is considered a major runner nation.
The country's athletes won the most medals at the 2015 World Cup in Beijing.
In a series of television reports from the ARD, accusations have repeatedly been made that in Kenya doping funds are easily accessible and there is to be a significant mentality of sports fraud.
IOC member Richard Pound last called for a similar investigation in Kenya, as he had done in Russian athletics.
It has been proven that this sport has been covered in a comprehensive and systematic way.
Russia's athletes were then excluded from the summer games.
Salzburger "West Side Story" with Cecilia Bartoli
In the Shakespeare year, the Salzburg Festival presents the "West Side Story" with Tony and Maria as a tragic love pair, similar to Romeo and Julia.
With a surprising Cecilia Bartoli.
A musical conquers Salzburg: the "West Side Story," Leornard Bernstein's masterpiece.
The artistic director Cecilia Bartoli wanted to bring the musical to the temple of the classics and met with the role of Maria a youth space.
In the orchestral ditch the Simón Bolívar Orchestra led by the Venezuelan conductor Gustavo Dudamel: "this music is full of rhythm," he warmed.
We always say that it is very Latin American.
There are many Latin American ingredients at their pace and melody.
It's a wonderful mixture, the perfect recipe for our orchestra.
I would say that we really have Bernstein's music in our blood!
In this staging, Bartoli plays an older sought-after Maria.
She remembers waking up to her love with Tony, while the younger Maria plays and dances.
The role of Maria has always fascinated me.
First, because it is musically extraordinary!
And then there would be Maria's personality.
She says it in her song: "I feel pretty, oh so pretty, I feel pretty and witty and bright."
So she's smart, of course, also naive, and very passionate.
"She resembles me very much, my Italian character, which I have as a Roman," laughs Bartoli.
Dudamel is full of praise for the opera singer: "Cecilia is a wonderful artist."
It's such a honour for us to work with her.
She is an immensely generous person.
And Bartoli returns the compliment: "Dudamel is such an extraordinary artist and very passionate!"
Conducting is a necessity for him.
You see it in each of his movements, in his eyes, it's his life!
It is such a huge opportunity to share this musical experience with him.
We both have a more southern temperament, a fire, a passion and also a cheerful approach to life, which is very important at all!
For American director Philip Wm McKinley, the "West Side Story" is highly topical: "this piece is about prejudice and fanaticism."
Today, we have the refugees, at that time the Puertorians went to New York, and the New York residents did not want them.
They are the same issues, and they are just as meaningful today as they were then.
59 years later, the piece is still relevant.
London schoolgirl who joined ISIS has been killed in Syria
Kadiza Sultana, one of three British schoolgirls who left London last year to join ISIS, died in Syria.
The lawyer Tasnime Akunjee said her family learned of her death in Raqqa, Syria a few weeks ago.
It was believed she was killed by a Russian air raid in Raqqa, the group's bulwark in the country, ITV News reported on Thursday.
Sultana was 17 years old and died, according to her family, shortly after she pretended to leave the war-torn country and return to England.
"One can only hope that the only good thing is - as a reminder and warning to others that these are the risks associated with going to a war zone - discouraging people from ever making that decision," Akunjee said.
In February 2015, Sultana and two other schoolgirls from east London rose into a plane towards Turkey and then entered a bus to the Syrian border.
Sultana's family have been told she has married an ISIS fighter in Syria - and became a widow within a few months.
Reid says that Clinton will remain a candidate for the Supreme Court in the case of an election victory at Garland
Harry Reid, leader of the Democrats in the Senate, is convinced that the Democrats "presidential candidate, Hillary Clinton will nominate Judge Merrick Garland for the Supreme Court.
Republicans in the Senate have blocked Garland's confirmation since his nomination by Barack Obama in March.
The majority leader in Sen. Mitch McConnell believes the next president will appoint the late judge's successor to Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia.
Reid said on Thursday during a phone conference that he expects Clinton to select Garland "with some degree of certainty."
A spokeswoman for Reid later said that he had not yet spoken to Clinton whether she would nominate Garland and he speculated.
He praised Garland and said Clinton's team would not care for unrest with a new candidate.
Garland is the supreme judge for the U.S. Appellation Court for the District of Columbia.
RAID said Republicans blocked the Garlands nomination, being Lakaien and helper workers of Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump.
He also noted that Donald Trump is unfit for the presidency.
Treats wants nude calendars for "women and for men"
The Treats magazine works with photographer David Bellemere to bring out a 1970 s Pirelli-inspired calendar for 2017.
But instead of famous naked people, they would like to find the next generation of top models for their NU Muses Kalendar for 2017.
The editor-in-chief of Treats Steve Shaw told us earlier this year that his nude magazine was different from Oldschool-Playboys, since "Playboy is for men."
I do that for women.
He seems to think that it does the calendars.
"We need to return to the display of timeless and classic nudity, where both women and men feel comfortable and feel inspired by these images of a female body," Shaw said in a press release on the publication of the calendar.
Women will want to participate in this project because it is a wonderful work of art.
Models can submit their images online or personally at open casting call in Los Angeles and New York.
Turkey: Kurdish community expects mass flight
"Anyone who does not suit and praises Erdogan sits on packed caffeine," says the chairman of the Gülen Foundation Dialogue and World, Ercan Karakoyun.
The Kurdish municipality of Germany expects in the short term tens of thousands of protective seekers fleeing Turkey to Germany.
In the medium term, it could even become "a few hundred thousand," the association's chairman, Ali Toprak, believes.
Because of the hard push by Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan after the coup attempt, the Kurdish municipality of Germany expects a mass flight to Germany.
"In the short term, I reckon with tens of thousands, in the medium term, with a few hundred thousand protective seekers from Turkey in Germany, if the Erdogan regime continues to fight the minorities and the democratic opposition," says the Association chairman, Ali Toprak of the "world" of Friday.
Because the government had already overrun Kurdish strongholds with punitive actions months ago, 500,000 Kurds within Turkey were on the run.
After the thwarted coup, secular and opposition ethnic Turks would be added.
Many will want to restart in Europe if they are further oppressed in Turkey.
"It is not acceptable for a state that itself is taking up refugees to produce refugees in their own country," said Toprak.
The chief of staff complained of the targeted settlement of Syrian Arabs in Kurdish but also in alevitic cities.
In this way, Erdogan wants to increase the exit pressure on the remaining Kurds.
"They are the last large minority in Turkey, the Christian Armenians and Greeks have been eradicated or displaced over the last hundred years," said Toprak, who is also a CDU member.
The chief executive called for the federal government to "position itself as sharply as Austria against Erdogan and its supporters."
A "witch-hunt" against Erdogan critics is also taking place in Germany.
I don't feel safe in Germany for the first time in recent months.
The German branch of the Gülen movement also fears the escape of many Turks abroad.
More Turks will seek asylum in Germany, especially Kurds and opposition activists.
The fire mark as a Gülen supporter destroys teachers and other academics the professional existence.
"Anyone who does not adapt and praise Erdogan sits on packed caffeine, by the way, the Kemalists and seculars," said Ercan Karakoyun, Chairman of the Gülen Foundation Dialogue and Education, the "world."
As the newspaper reports on figures from the Federal Ministry of the Interior, the Turks presented the largest group of asylum-seekers recognised for political persecution in Germany before the coup.
On the date of 30 June, this was 11,386 people and, therefore, almost 29% of all recognised as asylum seekers (39,625).
This survey does not cover war, poverty or the lack of prospects.
Asylum rights under the Basic Law are exclusively political, that is to say, from the state side, individually persecuted.
Mecklenburg-Vorpommern: "go where it hurts"
Strange Mecklenburg-Vorpommern: the locals don't get anything from the summer election campaign - and holidaymakers from North Rhine-Westphalia are not allowed to choose the country day.
In Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, they understood.
In 2021, the country's election will not take place again at the end of the summer holidays, the heavy parliament has already decided at the beginning of the year.
After all, this is not the case: summer holidays, heat and council campaign - that is what is happening.
The locals, who are to be persuaded by the campaigners, are on holiday.
The vast majority of holidaymakers who are in the country, on Usedom, Rügen or Hiddensee, are not locals, so they are not allowed to choose the country day.
In addition, there are practical problems: in the holidays, helpers who hang up posters, blow up air balloons, distribute flyers, and end up counting voices, are only laborious.
Until September 2016, 4, the election and last day of the holiday, Mecklenburg-Vorpommern has yet to pass election campaigns just over the people.
The hot phase, if you can say that at all, has just begun.
And it's also about something: Prime Minister Erwin Sellering, leader of a SPD / CDU coalition, has to fear for his post.
The SPD, the strongest party since 1998, is now clearly behind the CDU in polls.
Thrilling will be how strongly Neuling AfD cut off and what's left coalition dust at the end of the day.
Sellering, 66 years old and since 2008 head of government, is making an almost inconspicuous campaign, you see from his large posters.
He travels through the land, distributes roses and ploughs a little with the people, just as his legendary predecessor Harald Ringstorff did.
Otherwise, Seelering has got cold feet and gives Chancellor Merkel the blame at the bloom of the AfD.
Her refugee policy, her "we create this" has accelerated the rise of right-wing populists, which is now likely to cost him the beautiful office.
The CDU with its top candidate, the Interior Minister Lorenz Caffier, has already seen how it is when you are campaigning in the right place at the wrong time.
She has twice invited Chancellor Angela Merkel to major rallies; Merkel Bundestag is located in the northeast.
But the target group did not vote, there were more North Rhine-Westphalia, Berlin and Saxony than Mecklenburger and Vorpommern.
"There was probably the majority from other federal states," said Vincent Kokert, Secretary-General of the CDU in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, recently in the NDR.
But it is also a pity to no one from other corners of Germany to listen to Angela Merkel.
Otherwise, the north-east CDU largely waives the usual campaign levels on marketplaces and in front of shopping centres with umbrellas and air balloons.
This, Kokert says, only plays a "subordinate role."
The Union, too, has noticed that it is breaking the ground in the countryside, that it must make a great effort to find a wire to the people again.
It is like the Left, the SPD, the Greens: there is little in the way of the country.
However, the council of CDU campaigner Kokert to his co-workers is also self-evident: "you have to go where it hurts, namely where the people are: village, golden weddings, every birthday party must be used."
Because much is at stake, Sellering has now called for his SPD to be a particularly committed election campaign.
In polls, the Social Democrats last stood at 22 percent behind partner CDU (25) and just just before the AfD (19).
In the 2011 election, the SPD had still clearly won at 35.6 percent before the CDU (22).
The Greens, small party with seven percent in the polls, are likely to create the leap into the land day.
They make a modern virtue from the holiday distress, and largely move their campaign to the Internet.
"Online campaigning," it calls the national chairman Claudia Müller.
Otherwise, green campaigners will go on trace search for local voters among holidaymakers.
Silke Gajek, the top candidate, is curvy with a pet boat through the mecklenburgic lakes and still finds it beautiful.
Your impression: "election holiday in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern is not a punishment."
B27 refurbishment: restaurants suffer from blocking
There is nothing to mock at the speed with which the B 27 is rehabilitated.
For those responsible for the construction work, which starts at 5,30 o "clock in the morning and only end at 20 p.m., there is all the praise.
"They have done everything quite zealously," says Elvira Tetzlaff from the jet petrol station.
This is a superteam.
There is no delay either.
The construction site could be moved to the south at half-time at the halfway point, until the end of October everything is expected to be ready.
Praise will also be given to those responsible for the construction work, for example, when it comes to the setting up of containers.
Since the construction site has moved south on Monday and the blocking of the Aspergstraße in Ofterdingen has also been lifted and the connection to Rottenburg has also been restored, the traffic situation within the village has been relaxed.
The citizens can now return from Ofterdingen to the B 27.
The traffic through the place seems to be going back.
"There were some significant complaints," says the Deputy Chief Executive Officer, Florian King, responsible for the transport management of the refurbishment.
The residents of Bachsatzstraße, Steinlachstraße, Hafnerstraße and Weiherrain had struggled with more traffic noise because many cheques were searching and were more likely to trust their Navi than the signage.
What led to some trucks being franked in residential areas.
As the speed limits were not met, the municipality increased the measuring vehicle from Mössingen.
"There have been significant excesses," says King, who made himself aware of the situation on the ground.
Two to three per minute have already been bleached.
The fastest was travelling at 77 kilometres in the Tempo- 30 zone.
Since the construction site has moved on, however, it has become calmer.
For the businessmen at the B 27, it is only a small consolation that, for customers from Rottenburg, the road is now open again.
In the cards, businessmen do not like to look.
But that the B 27 refurbishment at them has led to turnover breaks, leaving everyone to look through.
However, some are more and less affected.
Who has less to do with the "end customer," that is to say for other companies, for which the refurbishment has little impact.
At the Maier car dealership, Thomas Sulz also speaks of a "at most slight decline," but also admits that, of course, "the running customer is missing."
The most battered are the locals along the road.
J. Albert Göhner, owner of the Steakhouse, formerly crown, finds clear words.
This is already threatening.
Not only him, but all the restaurants have "hit hard."
The customers were missing from Hechingen, Balingen and Rottweil.
We have to be happy about every euro turnover.
Sales losses are estimated at "well over 50 percent."
Road rehabilitation has "rebuffed" its operation "by two years."
He has had to sack half of his staff.
If I had a company with 4000 employees and half would have been made redundant, the policy would have reacted differently.
Instead, President Jörg Schmidt has responded to a question from Göhner as to whether there could be financial compensation, with the hint that the restaurant would otherwise benefit from the advantages of the situation at the B 27.
Göhner knows of other counties where such a thing has been handled more generously.
In all complaints, Göhner is sure that his restaurant will continue.
After all, the family business has been here since 1715, it refers to the long history.
He can understand the fact that other regular guests are now less frequent because of the complicated traffic management.
If you can't drive, it's beautiful elsewhere too.
Göhner has no doubt that his tribal clientele will come back after the end of the rehabilitation work.
Despite the crises with BSE and avian influenza, Göhner keeps the impact of the B 27 construction work on its clientele for the biggest crisis its restaurant has experienced in its long-standing history.
Six months of construction work is already brutal.
Legislation is constantly being screened in the name of the fight against terrorism.
Following the recent attacks, Interior Minister de Maizière is now presenting a thick security package.
But what has a tolerance status to do with terror?
And what does the coalition partner say about all this?
Thomas de Maizière gives the concierge.
All his proposals are "politically reasonable" for the coalition partner, says the Federal Minister of the Interior at the presentation of his new security package.
They don't overcharge anyone.
Other, more far-reaching points would first be discussed within the parties.
I am also involved in this.
As Minister of the Interior, however, he is in a position to achieve results and to achieve a "achievable consensus" within the coalition.
De Maizière has missed a little time after the recent attacks in Würzburg and Ansbach before presenting his conclusions for security in the Republic.
However, these are now all the more extensive.
Some things are already known, proclaimed, pronounced: that a new security authority should take care of the cracking of encrypted communication is not new.
Nor is the fact that Germany has to implement several EU requirements on passenger data and gun law.
The call for more video surveillance and staff for the security authorities is equally unsurprising.
In part, de Maizière is launching a second start for proposals that have not been made with the SPD so far: he wants to put sympathy for terrorist groups under punishment, and to crack down on jihadists with dual citizenship the German passport.
"This will be difficult points for the SPD," the CDU man admits.
He still thinks this is reasonable and does not call for any chances in the coalition partner anyway.
A few new ideas presents de Maizière as well.
They have it in part: it plans fast-track procedures for deportation and more opportunities to detain people before deportation.
Refugees who are targeted in the country are expected to chase their smartphones before and disclose social media accounts for a security review.
In the case of tolerances for rejected asylum seekers, he wants to put some even worse than hitherto - for example, those who commit crimes or deliberately throw away their papers to disguise their identity.
Some of this is politically and legally sensitive.
Some of them are still unbalanced and leave questions open.
And, on a number of points - with regard to the inequality of patience, for example, - the question arises: what does this really have to do with security and terror?
Yes, de Maizière says it is important to differentiate between the issues of refugees and terror.
But it cannot be denied that the offenders of Ansbach and Würzburg were refugees.
Moreover, many people worried about security, given the high numbers of refugees.
And things that people were deeply concerned about could not be excluded even in campaign times.
Internal security has been tremendously focused.
Only the attacks in the neighbourhood: Paris, Copenhagen, Brussels, Nice.
Then the attacks in Würzburg and Ansbach.
The uncertainty is great.
And yes, there are election campaigns.
The Union and the SPD are therefore increasingly in position on the issue of internal security.
Over the past few days, it has been high between the two parties.
First a garnish dispute over the equipment of the federal police, then about a security policy gathering of some Union interior ministers, in which the Ressortchefs also call for a Burka ban and a departure from dual citizenship.
De Maizière is also looking for conciliatory sounds.
He does not think of a departure from the double pass.
We have befriended the discussion in Germany.
It does not make sense to reopen it.
And in a Burka ban, he has constitutional concerns.
Whether his own package is constitutional at all corners and whether it is actually "reasonable" for the coalition partner, it has yet to be shown.
There is something in it that could cause dispute.
But the SPD is also trying to prop up the issue of internal security.
Party leader Sigmar Gabriel first signals caution and says: "the SPD is ready to talk about everything that helps to further increase security."
Volkswagen is still glimpsed.
Despite diesel scandals, extradition figures worldwide are rising.
But not all markets are running around.
In the case of recall, there is a term for a term.
Volkswagen is staring at the deliveries more forcefully into the second half of the year.
In the past year, despite the diesel affair, Europe's largest automobile can continue to show a plus, thanks to its many brands and some well-running markets.
But in July, the core brand, VW, weakened mainly in Western Europe, and thus again burdened the total sales, as the company listed in the Dax said.
Worldwide, the VW brand sold 1.8 percent fewer vehicles in July than in the previous month.
In Western Europe alone, after China the second most important market, sales were up 14 percent below the previous month.
In Germany's home market, deliveries sacked by almost a sixth.
Brand sales chief Jürgen Stackmann attributed the weaker figures from July, mainly to two sales days less in Europe.
Moreover, in some core markets, there has been a retention of purchase by "changing economic conditions."
In addition to the situation surrounding the coup attempt in Turkey, the UK vote to leave the EU also strained, a spokeswoman explained.
In the US, where the exhaust affair first escalated, there is also a minus to beech.
Big support for VW is the Chinese market.
In total, the mainly affected house brand of Lower Saxony is still glimpsed by the diesel scandal: after the first seven months, only an extradition minus of 0.9% to 3.37 million vehicles is to be found.
Group sales chief Fred Kappler was able to continue to show a sales luck from January to July.
1.3 percent more vehicles delivered Volkswagen at this time, worldwide 5.904 million.
Volkswagen had manipulated exhaust tests with a software.
In Germany alone, VW calls about 2.5 million cars to convert to the workshops.
In the course of the conversion, VW reiterated that the conversion of the cars has no negative impact.
After the conversion of the vehicles, there is no deterioration in fuel consumption, CO2 emissions or engine power.
After retrofitting, the automobile exhibits a "guarantee" certificate, but it does not talk about a "guarantee," as it said on Friday in business circles.
The reason is legal.
The "Focus" had reported that Volkswagen now guarantees its German customers a guarantee of converted diesel models.
This would have confirmed VW representatives in the Federal Ministry of Transport last Monday.
From the Department of Transportation, it was confirmed that there was this meeting.
"VW has to comply fully with the requirements of my commission of inquiry and the KBA."
"Deviations from this are not accepted," said Federal Transport Minister Alexander Dobrindt (CSU), according to the ministry.
VW has taken on the guarantee that, in the case of fuel consumption, CO2 emissions or engine power, no deterioration will occur after the conversion, and that all typical vehicle values will remain unchanged.
Volkswagen itself uses the term "guarantee" but not as it was called in corporate circles.
In the broad term "guarantee," Volkswagen sees the possibility for customers, for example, to get into a workshop half a year after retrofitting, for example, and to return this to the new software, even if the damage has nothing to do with it.
Even in the interests of the customer, it is important to avoid the fact that, in the event of any other damage that has nothing to do with the exhaust scandal, it will be insecure in terms of possible warranty arrangements, as it was called.
That is why VW does not use the term "guarantee."
The Raiffeisenbank Gmund at the Tegernsee is demanding punitive interest rates from rich savers in the future - as a second institute in Germany.
Bank chief Josef Paul said on Thursday: "it's only about 139 customers who park 40 million€ on giro- or daily money accounts."
The Federal Association of German Banks speaks of an isolated incident and sees no sign that ordinary savers would "not be afraid to pay for their savings banks."
Camps banks money overnight at the European Central Bank (ECB), they must pay their 0.4 percent penalty rate.
This fee will require Raiffeisenbank Gmund to return from private and corporate customers for deposits of more than €100,000 on giro- or day-money accounts from September.
"The first €100,000 is free."
"The next 100,000 will cost €400 a year," said Paul.
He has been wary of €40 million for some time, which could be lifted from one day to the next and which he cannot use.
"These are with me on the central bank account and cause 0.4 percent costs," the bank chief said.
"I cannot go for every million €4000."
According to the polluter pays principle, the costs will now continue.
It would be far too dangerous to leave the cash in the Raiffeisenbank's safes: "I have already seen four falls, I do not want the fifth!" Said the bank board.
Most customers would have understood and changed to other forms of investment.
Few migrated to other banks.
The Cooperative Society of Bavaria said: "the ECB's extreme monetary policy is causing significant costs for all banks."
To carry them on their own is "not economically viable."
Some German banks have therefore increased their fees for account management, credit cards or remittances.
With penalty rates for deposits from three million€, the Thuringian People's and Raiffeisenbank Altenburger Land had made headlines with their Skatbank branch in 2014.
Michael Kemmer, chief executive of the Banking Association, said: "we do not expect private customers to have to pay for deposits for deposits, and competition in Germany among banks and savings banks is far too strong."
A banker said that at the Tegernsee there is "a clientele that is a little more fitted by the fortunes."
"This can become a problem for a small bank" if it hurts money for free.
Founded in 1911, Gmund has branches in Bad Wiessee, Rottach-Egern, Kreuth and Tegernsee.
In the region, well-known actors, athletes and entrepreneurs live.
The Cooperative Association of Bavaria "is not currently aware of any other banks that calculate an outlay for deposits of private customers," spokesman Ernst said.
The president of the Federal Association of German People's Banks and Raiffeisenbanken (BVR), Uwe Fröhlich, declared at the end of June: "the threshold to go to the negative towards the private client is very, very high."
The competition is tough, and it threatens the brain drain to compete.
Customers in Germany will not let this happen in width.
Destination Platten: who actually buys records?
Lonely middle-aged men love plates.
Before rushing to the commentary in order to overthrow it under the pseudonym non-AlleEinsamenmen Mittlerenage with rough insults, this statement derives from current data.
According to YouGov, the much-discussed resurgence of records is not on a boom in Millennials that want to welcome the novelty of physical items, but due to midlife nostalgia.
Those who recently bought a plate are likely to be aged between 45 and 54.
In fact, the 18 - 24 age group is the most unlikely buyer group.
It is also not a horden by hobby collectors - it has an emotional meaning: older record buyers retain their feelings for themselves (56% vs. 53%) and enjoy spending time alone (69% vs. 66%).
But do YouGov's results vote?
If this blog were a news report on television, the camera would follow me while running in the midst of a busy street in Soho, wearing a modest grey suit and stealing wildly before standing, holding my hands and saying something like: "so, let's take a closer look at it."
So, let's take a look at it.
Even though the heart of Sohos is slowly losing its charm - hotels, restaurants and offices now fill the buildings in which once independent sellers were based - there are still a handful of fantastic record specialty shops.
I would probably ask the cameraman to turn off the camera for the next part, in which I stand in close proximity to different men in such shops and try to assess their age and vegetation through observation.
Stuart from Glasgow, 55, whom I have from Sister Ray (data number: two young women, three middle-aged men) to Reckless Records (data number: eight middle-aged men, a woman, probably around the 20) is a day long because of a meeting in London and goes through the shops to fill the few hours.
Is he a collector, I ask?
"I already appreciate," he says.
I have about 3,000 or 4,000 plates.
These records, pictured above (he sent me the snap by email, I didn't follow him home), dress up the walls of his living room.
The reason he owns such a significant number of albums and singles is the result of his disposable income: he is now able to buy plates he couldn't afford when they appeared and again buy items he sold when he was young and bankrupt.
"A lot of things I buy are from the late 60 s, early 70 s, who appeared when I was 11 or 12, things where I was probably a little too young to buy them," he says.
He agrees that those who buy plates are more introverted and happy to spend time alone, and adds: "I don't smoke and I don't drink very much.
That's my laster.
WEZ, 25, who works at Sister Ray, also believes that many customers he meets apply to the YouGov profile.
However, he has also noticed a new wave of people being influenced by the media hub, people who have heard about the comeback and are looking to buy their old plates again.
Of the conversations I have had, people have usually devoured so at 1998 or 1999 of their collection.
Customers who once sold their plates to buy CDs now sell their CDs to buy their plates again, "he says.
That would explain the boom to supporters of the record revision of a certain age.
But what about the alleged emotional significance of plates?
It takes just a few seconds in a business like Phonica to realise that record stores offer a soothing community of like-minded people.
According to Wez, some of the older customers took impetus to the contactless payment system.
Some record fans feel overwhelmed by the digital world and want to retreat to the stability of familiar soundproofing hulls, from items that wake up happy youth movements.
"I think sometimes it can be the filling of a void or the possession of material possessions as a kind of consolation," says Wez.
This is the case with me as a collector and I think that is the case with many people.
It's an easy way to look at it mentally.
"We are like their social workers!" An employee is flying from a record stack.
A survey by the ICM in April revealed that nearly 50% of people who bought a plate last month have not yet listened to them.
The survey also found that 41% possess a record player they never use, while 7% of those who buy a plate do not own a record player.
At this time of the news report, I would probably look very worried while bleeding through a stack to Bossa Nova compilations.
Jonny, 42, who works at Sounds of the Universe (data number: three middle-aged men), has noticed a "trophy aspect" of the revival.
"Someone came here only recently and said:" I don't have a record player, but I would like to buy a Radiohead record so I can put them on the shelf, "he says.
This is not a big percentage, but it definitely happens.
More product-like, less musical.
We have people who say, "I don't have a record player."
These are younger people, not older ones, who are slowly coming in.
Fopp, which has devoted almost an entire floor to the records, has a blower audience when I'm talking.
There are couples around the 70, tourists who make photos, teenage young and middle-aged women.
Even though the atmosphere is slightly less relaxed than in the aforementioned shops - Wild Beasts' latest synthesizer and sex-packed pop instead of experimental jazz drenched from the loudspeakers - it is good to see such diversity among customers.
None of them looks particularly lonely, but nagging mental trauma is hard to detect if you are standing next to someone for 30 seconds.
Elanora, 27, has been running around in the shop for a few minutes and considers the varietal of the plates for sale.
It makes a storytelling rather than a big purchase.
She doesn't deserve much, so collecting plates is not a real option, she says.
It costs a lot.
It's easy to hear music from a computer or in other ways, but the beauty of plates is... "she drives off with a loved sigh.
I don't know how to explain it - it's really unique.
My last stop is a business that is said to have inspired a new generation of record lovers: urban Outfitters.
While I look to muster the jeans hotpants, I watch a group of young teenage girls grooming for a moment around Polaroid cameras before a father and his daughter consider buying a Crosley record player.
To the left is a staircase, a wall full of plates of Adele, Jeff Buckley, Amy Winehouse and Fleetwood Mac: a mixture of contemporary music and classics, the essential plates for an average collection.
No one looks at them - perhaps because they are only purely decorative, some so far above that it is impossible to touch them.
It is pure "record art."
But considering that any attraction for these items could mean more money for the industry and some customers could send to the depths of Sohos for more, there is nothing to complain about.
It's no surprise that a population group that has more time and money than others is also the one that spends most on luxury items such as plates.
Even though my investigation revealed that the results of YouGov are voting, they leave, at least in record stores in Soho, the large number of female collectors who exist in reality, record shops and in online forums.
These people probably work hard at school or in offices.
They are certainly not spending their Thursday morning with the bump through record shops of Berwick Street and the blazing through plates while avoiding the starring look of an intriguing, 30-year-old false presenter who raises over the shoulders of nothing of middle-aged men.
The Greenland hai is the longest living vertebrae - video report
More scientifically, the Greenland hai has the longest lifespan of all vertebrates on the planet.
Julius Nielsen, who is investigating sharks, says the record was at a femur, which is believed to be between 272 and 512 years old and five metres long
French court rejects offer over demolition of shops in Jungle refugee camp
A French court has rejected an offer by authorities in Calais to tear down dozens of provisional shops and restaurants in the Calais Jungle where thousands of refugees live.
At a court hearing this week, authorities in Calais argued that the state should be authorized to tear down 72 provisional deals where people inside the camp sell goods, from cigarettes to energy drinks, offer hairdressing services, or sell tea for 50 cents (40 pence) or simple meals for a few€ in provisional restaurants.
The Calais prefecture argued that these places should be demolished because they would represent a parallel economy from which no taxes would be paid and which would pose a risk of fire and sanity.
Humanitarian groups informed the court that the shops and restaurants were important as the free meals offered by the government-backed association and other groups would not provide enough food for the growing numbers in the camp.
They also carried out that the provisional shops and restaurants would often offer accommodation and free meals for people in need.
A court in Lille decided that there was no legal basis for the expulsion of people running the 72 provisional deals, but acknowledged that the concerns of the Calais prefecture were "absolutely understandable."
The judge, Jean-François Molla, said that grocery stores, cafes and restaurants would play a much bigger role than simply feeding people who "live in extremely precarious conditions."
He said the areas provide quiet meeting points between refugees and volunteers.
One of the places threatened by the defeat was the Jungle Book Kids "Café of the camp, which is operated nonprofit and offers 200 meals a day, English and French classes as well as a consultancy on asylum matters for the hundreds of vulnerable, unaccompanied minors in the camp.
More than 170,000 people have signed the petition to uphold the kids "cafe.
In a letter to the Guardian, it said that the closure would be "a disaster for these children, the youngest of whom are eight years old."
The two aid agencies Help Refugees and L "Auberge des Miert estimated on Friday that the number of people living in the Jungle camp had risen to more than 9,000 people - the highest number until now - after a steep increase in newcomers over the summer.
Despite Olympic disappointment: Martin remains battling
Despite his disappointing appearance in the Olympic timeline, cycling pro Tony Martin does not want to be under-cried.
"I continue to keep the World Cup in mind, remain confident and fight further," the 31-year-old wrote on Thursday before his departure from Rio de Janeiro at Facebook.
He did not have an explanation for his miserable twelfth place at the sugar hut.
"I honestly find it hard to comment on the timing of yesterday," said Martin.
He must analyse in peace the reasons for the debacle.
At the time driving World Cup in Qatar in October, Martin actually wanted to fight for the title.
"I will look at everything we have changed in recent times."
"This also includes my position," the three -time time world champion wrote on Wednesday on the 54.5 km more than three minutes on Olympic champion Fabian Cancellara (Switzerland).
Olympia: tennis professional Siegemund miss semi-finals
Laura Siegemund's victory ended in the quarter-finals of Rio: the world-class 32th from Metzingen missed by a 1:6, 1:6 against Monica Puig (Puerto Rico / WTA-Nr.
34) the semi-finals of the Olympic tennis tournament.
Siegemund, who was plagued by back problems, was able to get her surcharge through only once and acted powerlessly compared to the previous rounds.
On Thursday, medal hopeful Angelique Kerber (Kiel / No. 2) still had the chance to jump into the preview round.
The Australian Open winner met on the Britin Johanna Konta (No. 10).
As the last German tennis pro, Tommy Haas had picked up a medal (silver) in Sydney in 2000.
Two German DTB starters in the quarter-finals of summer games had last given it in 1992.
There has never been a German duo in an Olympic single-semi-final.
Corporation rises in start-up for live video game broadcasts
Watching other people playing video games is a giant trend - of which Microsoft also wants to benefit.
The technology group buys the start-up Beam, which specializes in this hobby.
How much money flowed for the takeover, Microsoft did not share on Thursday.
Beam went to the launch with his offer only in January and already has more than 100,000 users.
You can watch others when playing, but you can also interfere with yourself.
For example, they can give up missions to players and confront enemies and provide equipment.
The Playeriese Activision Blizzard launches a new HD video service for the booming world of e-sport.
On the way to the global media event, Facebook is expected to help.
The advertising industry is already horrifying.
The start-up's staff, which has its headquarters so far in Seattle in the U.S. state of Washington, are moving to the Microsoft headquarters in the California Redmond, as official co-founder and chief executive Matt Salsamendi said.
For the customers, therefore, nothing is to change by the takeover.
According to Microsoft, Beam is integrated into the video game department around the Xbox console.
The market of live streaming of video game activities is currently growing rapidly.
Known platforms are Twitch and YouTube Gaming.
Twitch was bought by online retailer Amazon in 2014 - for nearly a billion dollars.
YouTube Gaming belongs to the Google Mother Alphabet.
Here comes the Enforcement Trailer
Germany's Raser has to adapt to the next generation of speed knives: in various federal states, including Hessen and Brandenburg, new flash devices are being tested that are supposed to be particularly effective in transmitting tempos.
The futuristic Enforcement Trailer of the company Vitronic from Wiesbaden, for example, can be used for accident areas where it would be too dangerous for a mobile measurement by the police.
For example, at highway construction sites or bridges with temporary templates, there is often no necessary infrastructure to provide a stationary lightning for compliance with the speed limit.
However, a permanent mobile construction can be too dangerous or elaborate.
The Enforcement Trailer is autark: its battery holds five days at uninterrupted measurement, the case data is encrypted via a modem.
With laser measuring technology, all vehicles can also be captured across multiple tracks simultaneously.
Variable speed limits as well as transit bans after time, driving strips and vehicle class can also be monitored.
In the high-powered state, you can move the trailer with every car with a trailer clutch, according to the manufacturer.
In order for him not to be simply cloned, he is lowered in the measuring operation, so the wheels in the armored and, incidentally, also shouted outside shell disappear.
In addition, a built-in alarm system is designed to protect the lightning from vandalism.
Since 2015, the trailer has been tested and used in various federal states, according to Vitronic.
Foreign authorities are also flashing with the new technique: recently, France has reordered 100 pieces, after an order of 150 pieces last year.
Britain picks up silver in 7 -er rugby after Fiji Masterclass catches gold
Britain's impressive performance at the 7 -er rugby came in the final on Thursday night to an abrupt hold at the last hurdle in the form of the Fijis when they were beaten with a 43 - 7 result at Deodoro Stadium here in Rio.
Fiji issued a masterclass in the handling, side-stepping, retrofitting, line run and raw force to win gold - their first Olympics medal of any colour.
The defeat was sweetened by the not too bad consolation prize of the silver medal - Britain's fourth that day - and they were able to be very proud of their efforts in this tournament in which they beat New Zealand, Argentina and South Africa.
The clear defeat of the Boks, 7 - 5 in the semi-final on the same day could fall back on them in the final.
But regardless, Fiji would have beaten a 15 -man team in best form at that form.
It could be a consolation for GB - but it probably won't - that at least one Briton will hang a gold medal around his neck tomorrow: Fiji's chief trainer Ben Ryan, the former boss for England from Wimbledon.
GB had a difficult path behind.
Eight years ago, they lost every game at the Adelaide Sevens under Ryan.
Here they lost only one.
This sap will hurt, but progress is astonishing.
Fiji began miraculously, leaving the attacking GBs out of fun.
It felt for the captain Tom Mitchell and Co. as if you were running into driving buses, and the World Series winners went up 5 - 0 when Osea Kolinisau was in the corner.
With still four minutes of game time, Jerry Tuwai added yet another attack from the right corner he converted.
12 - 0 and GB hardly touched the ball.
A hevorraging Tackle of Mitchell stopped the mountain of man Leone Nakarawa reaching a third gate, but it only held up Fiji.
In the seventh minute, Jasa Veremalua lured a touchdown in the right corner and it stood 0 - 17 for GB.
Nakarawa added a new one since the rematch and there was still over a minute of game time... In the first half.
Vatemo Ravouvou pressured through further weak Tacklings of the GB team and stumbled down to the line to make a gate.
The conversion brought a 29 - 0 to the break.
It is as if Fiji was born to play the 7, while GB is still learning.
That is the way it is.
GB carried out fundamental changes at half-time and closed the fijian gap... For whole four minutes, which was good for the conditions of the first half until Josua Tuisova ran through after a brilliant intermediate play by Fiji.
Dan Norton launched a try for GB, made a touchdown in the left corner for a 36 - 7, but the game has long been in favor of the South Seasons, whose fans sang, flags swapped and danced in the grandstand.
It was not hard to admire Fijis "playful approach.
Mata Viliame set the i-Tüpfelchen with another try in the final seconds.
The Pfiff tweeted, the Fijis hugged himself and GB kicked devastated in the lawns.
Earlier on the day, Fiji had defeated Japan in the semi-finals with 20 - 5 and Britain urged South Africa in a tight semi-final match from the race - Britain's transformation of the difference.
Kyle Brown brought the Boks forward in the first half but Dan Norton broke the line with an impressive footwork and scored a gate among the posts in the second half.
A brilliant late Tackling by Marcus Watson, the brother of Anthony of the English 15 -Aside team, secured the win - and thus the silver medal.
Helen Glover and Heather Stanning inspired by battle with the coach's cancer to rowing victory
There will be no more emotinous gold than in those games and that's what what is going to mean.
From the first rowing strike to the last, 220 hard Hieve, who go down in history, Helen Glover and Heather Stanning found an extra meaning in their golden moment at the Estacio da Lagoa.
Even though it was only the ones who sat at the helm, there were three votes in the boat, the echo of the coach Robin Williams, who was alluding to the second Olympiagold in two without a tax woman in a row, the first women in the history of British sport who put such a scale.
Their dominance was absolutely, after all, their 39th unbeaten use, which is also unprecedented.
What we see are two brilliant athletes gliding across the surface with the elegance of swans, which does not reflect the nature of the triumph.
Behind every gold in rowing is a battalion of willing helpers who contribute to the incremental advances that make up the difference and it was no one more helpful than the coach who did not know 30 months ago whether he would survive that day at all, when cancer was diagnosed with him.
As he said, he's risky.
I had bladder cancer that is operable and that they did.
If you don't, he's spreading everywhere.
It would have been a pretty bad situation.
It changes a little the outlook.
Williams was diagnosed in December 2013.
The trio were lucky that he was able to start treatment in early 2014, outside the season, which kept the interruption to a minimum if that is the right term in such circumstances.
I needed money, so it had to go better again soon.
It was an incentive.
I was in hospital and ran around at the station - 20 feet, 30 feet, 50 feet at a time when they said that some steps would suffice.
That's how it starts.
Rowing in itself is already a challenge, but that makes it an even bigger one.
In the immediacy of victory, her first thoughts went to Williams, who spent a nerve-wracking morning talking a little more than usual, trying to process his own fears.
Stanning, who was the main man in the Royal Artillery Regiment in a bet in Afghanistan, said "I was an emotional wreck this week, which is perhaps something extreme, but it means so much."
It only repeats how much this means to me, how much I and Helen and also Robin have worked.
It was three fantastic years with Helen and Robin.
Without Robin we would be no one, so a massive thank you to him, he is the best coach in the world.
I wouldn't have wanted a better person for training or a better coach.
Helena Glover and Heather Stanning have not lost a race in the past five years.
The pair had a tough rhythm with which their opponents couldn't keep up.
Even in the last 500 metres, when the teams from New Zealand and Denmark began to open up, Stanning and Glover had too much in reserve.
We were very caught at the moment.
Helen called "stay in the process, stay in the process."
It is really important not to get involved.
We had a good start and at the same time we weren't looking to make some tolls.
We didn't want a fireworks today, we just wanted to achieve a good result, go out and win the race, which we did as well.
The pair will take a break for a year before making decisions about his future.
Glover must appear on a wedding next week, her own with the TV adventurer Steve Backshall.
Now she just wants to enjoy the moment.
I didn't want to say that was my last race.
That would have meant too much pressure.
In London, it took about six months to realise that I am an Olympic champion.
It was all so new to me and I was so stressed.
Here it took about four minutes.
That feels so much better, "she said.
For 31 years exemplary for clarity
The managing director of the "Veitenstein Group," Ruppert Göller, is retiring.
The association is considered to be "bay-wide exemplary."
A small flimsy drinking water association as a model for the large water producers.
For example, some time ago in the original, it was in a contribution from the Bayerische Rundfunk.
Little later, the water forum of the government of Unterfranken paid tribute to the purpose association.
The work of the Veitenstein group is "bayernwide as exemplary."
Behind all this is Rupert Göller, who was 31 years in the purpose association, of which 28 years as CEO.
Now, at the age of 65, he was retired.
The drinking water association of the Veitenstein group, based in Kottendorf, municipality of Breitbrunn, promotes about 150,000 cubic metres of water every year and provides 32 places and hamlets with about 5500 inhabitants.
The municipalities are the municipalities of Kirchlauter, Breitbrunn, Lauter, Ebelsbach and the city of Baunach.
There are water supply contracts for other cities and municipalities.
The current chairman, Breitbrunn's Mayor Gertrud Bühl (FW), recalled that Rupert Göller was recruited as a watershed in 1985 and was appointed Managing Director in 1988.
"Its tasks have been very diverse and they stretched from water management and maintenance work to office and organisational activities, budgeting, calculation of fees and contributions to emergency operations at weekends," the chairperson said.
As outstanding events, she called the commissioning and inauguration of the new wells (1994), land purchases in the area of the new wells (1998) and compensation for farmers, the refurbishment of the high containers (1999), the re-creation of a central computer control (2004) and the partial renewal of water pipelines.
There has been no stalemate and there have been repeated innovations, because water means life and drinking water is the most important food.
In her Laudatio, she praised Göller's loyal, reliable and correct service over 31 years.
He has worked with a lot of heartthrob for his Water Confederation and he has lived up to the Water Confederation as if it were his own company.
A few weeks ago, as a real practitioner, he was able to present the concept of success of the Veitenstein group to the nitrate cut in front of the Water Forum of the District of Unterfranken.
He has received a great deal of recognition and praise for this.
Rupert Göller, for his part, praised water wart Alfons Griebel, who worked with him for 28 years.
He is the best watershed and he was a loyal crunch.
Together we were an unbeatable team.
As highlights from his point of view, he described the Brunnenbau and the reorganisation of the purpose association.
The biggest challenge and the most difficult bet, however, were the pipe breaking at the high container at Kirchlauter on a 3 January.
Here we had to work at minus 17 degrees all night, so that the localities could be supplied with water.
It was also possible to maintain the supply of Neubrunn only because the high container of Pettstadt was filled with hoses.
The management of the drinking water association has been handed over to Daniel Stürmer from Lauter, who follows the succession of Rupert Göller.
Soprano Anna Netrebko openly deals with the autism of her son Tiago - and turns to other concerned parents: "you have to have the courage to talk about it."
"Medicine has made great progress," said the 44-year-old of the Italian newspaper Corriere della Sera.
When the disease had been detected at her son, she believed she had to die.
However, the now eight-year-old Tiago has come forward well and is now learning privately in New York, where there are the best therapists.
"To give an example: if I ask him something that is two years back when I sang at the Milan Scala, he remembers nothing," said Netrebko.
But he is the happiest person on earth.
Tiago comes from Netrebko's connection with the Bassbariton Erwin scrap.
She is now married to the Tenor Yusif Eyvazov.
Beautiful in Bargteheide - man shoots on lifeline
A 35-year-old man shot to his partner at 10,45 p.m. on Friday at a multi-family home in Bargteheide (County Stormarn) and fatally injured her.
"The man himself has called with us and indicated that he was shot dead," a police spokeswoman said.
The perpetrator is on the run, after he will be publicly punished.
Now nationwide, because Sven S. could be travelling by car.
The man is about 1.80 feet tall, muscular, brown and has a gossip.
Meanwhile, police have released a photo of him.
It is a few years old, however.
Meanwhile, the man is wearing a gossip.
The man is not expected to be addressed directly.
He can still carry the weapon, according to police.
Those who see Sven S. should call the 110.
The police are talking about a "pronunciation."
The victim was born in 1988, the culprit in 1981.
The competent police in Lübeck initially did not want to make any claims about the Tathergang or the relationship between perpetrators and victims; however, she confirmed that a person had been killed.
"It is a killing offence."
"We are not saying more at the moment," said a police spokeswoman in Lübeck.
According to eyewitnesses, a special intervention command (SEK) was at the scene.
Steel - Light for German steel industry
The crisis-hit and energy-intensive German steel industry remains spared from additional costs in millions of€.
Financial burdens that threatened the industry from eco-electricity support are off the table.
In the case of the liberation of the renewable-energy levy in the stock systems for the so-called equity production in the German steel industry, German Minister of Economics Sigmar Gabriel (SPD) of the "West German General Newspaper" (WAZ, Friday edition) said.
"I am really pleased that we have finally managed to achieve this after two years of tough negotiations."
As a result, the European Commission had initially planned to ask the steel producers who use gases from the blast furnace to generate electricity for their own consumption.
The steel industry threatened additional costs of between 120 and 240 million€ per year, according to the German industry association.
Gabriel told the WAZ that there is now a basic agreement with the EU Commission following talks with Competition Commissioner Margrethe Vestager.
It is only when the generators are replaced in the steel plants that an EEG levy of 20 percent is applied.
This, too, is not being raised in the steel industry.
The IG Metal welcomed Germany's agreement with the EU Commission on the production of equity.
As a result, the status quo of the previous scheme is largely enshrined.
The successful efforts of Gabriel for the steel industry are particularly important.
"With regard to our" steel "campaign, this is a first step."
"Others must follow."
"Climate and employment targets are also to be weighed in the reform of emissions trading," said IG Metal Chief Executive Jörg Hofmann in Frankfurt.
The steel industry in Europe has been suffering from overcapacity and significant price pressures since the 2008 financial crisis.
Last year, the situation further intensified when the world's largest producer of producers threw mass steel into the world market, given the weakening domestic demand.
European manufacturers accuse Chinese steel corporations of price dumping.
In the course of this spring, the situation has been somewhat relaxed.
On the one hand, import tariffs on import steel have been effective and, on the other hand, the economic outlook in China has arisen.
It is unclear how sustainable the price recovery is.
The German industry primus Thyssenkrupp remained cautious on Thursday.
Most recently, prices would have been more stagnant.
The industry is responding to the difficult situation with further cost reductions.
ThyssenKrupp also did not want to exclude closures of individual works.
Around 86,000 people were employed in the German steel industry at the end of 2015.
In July, German steel manufacturers remain cautious despite rising prices and increasing orders.
They produced a good six percent less crude steel with 3.4 million tonnes than in the previous month, as the Stahl Economic Association announced on Friday.
After a short increase in May, the crowd now declined the second month in succession.
Since the beginning of the year, production has been up by two percent below the previous year's level.
In the coming months, the association expects an increase in the volume of orders.
Community, spirit, health: singing does seniors well
The singing has already accompanied Ursel Kipp all her life: as a young girl she was in the school choir, in the Lehram studies she belted the compartment music, and today the 78-year-old sings in a senior chorus.
"Singing moves me - emotionally and physically," she describes.
After a probe, she feels balanced, cheerful and overall more alive, she says.
By the way, she does something good about her health and her mind.
Because singing is equal from several perspectives a great hobby for seniors, says Erhard Hackler of the German senior league.
Most seniors sing in the choir and share with like-minded people the joy of music, describing Hackler.
Through regular interaction, seniors can establish and maintain social contacts.
Because often social and family structures are settled in old age, a choir is then an ideal opportunity to spend time with other people.
This experience has also made Ursel Kipp in her choir: "to speak out and to organize, to be able to rely on the others and to learn from each other - a choir is a very special form of association."
Singing can be exhausting in the positive sense, Hackler says.
Because in doing so, seniors train a deep and controlled breathing.
Those who regularly call for their lungs do not get out of the puste as quickly as they are in everyday life.
Even when it comes to getting the sound of voice in age, singing is an optimal hobby.
On older people, singing often has a very special effect, says Ursula Lenz from the federal Labor community of senior organisations.
In the older generations, common singing had a much higher priority, it belonged to everyday life, both at school and in leisure, she explains.
Lenz often observes that singing or listening to songs in older people awakens many memories, often associated with positive feelings of their youth time.
By means of lyrics and especially melodies, even dementia sufferers are devoid of long-standing events.
In the case of singing, a special performance is also required for the head, Lenz explains.
At the same time, focusing on your own voice and on a predetermined rhythm, adapting to the other singers - this is a great cognitive challenge.
Just elderly people who live alone do not just focus on themselves.
Another positive aspect is the recognition given by singing in the chorus, Hackler says.
An enthusiastic audience is a great praise.
Self-esteem is also growing by singing in the choir.
To show yourself: if I long for something, I will be better and wake up beyond me - this experience strengthens.
So there's good reason to start singing, so there's enough.
Anyone who wants to try a new hobby should not hesitate - even if he thinks they have little talent, Lenz advises.
You are not singing alone - with 50 singing people, who is listening when a tone goes on?
In search of the suitable offer, seniors have different options, Hackler says.
Sings someone from the familiar circle in a senior chorus, you can easily join.
Many cities also offer overviews of the choirs in the surrounding area.
If you want to sing in a church choir, you can turn directly to the municipality or the church.
Many senior choirs can also be found on the Internet.
Anyone who does not have access to the Internet can ask the family, friends or neighbours for help with the Internet search.
Anyone who wants to sing should necessarily join a choir, advises Hackler.
Singing does the soul well and has something liberating - that applies to any age.
Cats react more sensitively than hangovers to cries of young animals
Biologists have examined in Hannover what effect the call of cat babies has on adult animals.
To her surprise, the males also didn't leave the males cold - however, unlike the females, they always behaved the same way.
Female cats can detect the excitement of cat babies at the minds of the little ones.
They respond by ten percent more quickly to sounds of kittens, which are in great distress, as scientists have found out from the veterinarian high school and the Medical University of Hannover (MHH).
Hangovers are also responding to the calls of kittens - but always the same.
"Apparently, the acoustic differences between the middling of less and heavily excited young animals for the males are either unperceptible or not important," said the biologist Wiebke Konerding of the MHH.
She is a director of the study published this Friday in the journal "BMC Evolutionary Biology."
In a previous investigation, the research team had already found out that the duration and pitch of the kittens cries differ with the urgency of their need for help.
A total of nine adult hangovers and eight kittens were observed from the animal husbandry of the MHH.
They were pre-played on the one hand by little ones who were taken from the litter box for three minutes and separated from mother and siblings.
On the other hand, they were confronted with cries of more excited kittens, which were additionally elevated.
The researchers consider their results to be meaningful despite the low sample.
"All females, even those who have not had their own offspring, reacted differently to the cries," said Konerding.
They turned more quickly to the loudspeaker when this call of the very more erroneous kittens played off.
This ability may be inherent or evolving with gender maturity.
"A surprise was that the males reacted at all," the biologist said.
In the past, scientists have already examined the reactions of women and men to baby noises on several occasions.
Also, some studies showed that women were more sensitive to infants, whether they were mothers or not, the biologist Marina Scheumann reported.
Podolski attacks with "Gala" after Supercup
Hakan Sükr is a football legend in Turkey.
In Turkey, an arrest warrant has been issued against the former football star Hakan Sükr.
He is accused of being a member of a terrorist group.
For the first time after the coup attempt, an important football match is taking place in Turkey.
Before the duel of the arch-rivals between Besiktas Istanbul and Lukas Podolskis Galatasaray Istanbul around the Supercup in Konya, the official line is clear: "business as usual."
Even when the state of emergency was imposed after the accident in July, the government begged that the everyday life of ordinary citizens should not be affected.
However, this does not apply to those suspected of belonging to the movement of the preacher Fethullah Gülen, which is blamed for the coup attempt.
It does not stop at football.
Against the former Starkicker Hakan South, the prosecutor issued an arrest warrant.
As a result, South America, now living in America, is accused of being a member of a terrorist group.
Sükr is said to be supporters of the preacher Fethullah Gülen, who is blamed by the state president, Recep Tayyip Erdogan, for the coup attempt.
Although the state of emergency, which was initially imposed for 90 days, still applies until October, in fact, this has almost no impact on the lives of most Turks.
The night "democracy guards" in public places across the country declared Erdogan to be finished on Wednesday.
The sport - like the whole country - is divided into followers and opponents of Erdogan.
Especially fans of the Besiktas working-class club are traditionally not among the president's friends.
What unites the bulk of the Turks, however, in the face of dramatic experiences in history, is the strict rejection of military coups.
Even the fans themselves agree - no matter whether their heart beats for Galatasaray or Besiktas.
In the case of gala winner "Gala" there will be a special return to Lukas Podolski.
His sporting value showed the Cologne in the past season: with 17 goals and nine templates in all competitions, the 31-year-old finished his first game time as his club's top scorer.
In the final game against Fenerbahce, he scored the 1:0 victory.
The newspaper "Fanatik" joked him: "he was the best in the place."
He has completed the season in an excellent way and secured his team the trophy.
Thanks to "Poldi," the disappointing season for the record champion found a conciliatory conclusion.
After the pre-run-k.o in the Champions League, the "lions" also differ in the Europa League early.
In the South Lig, it only ranged to rank six.
The season was not good.
The trophy was the only way to win something.
"We did this and that is the most important thing," said Podolski.
For Master Besiktas, the game year ran better.
Especially thanks to Mario Gomez, who, with 26 seasons, laid the base for the 14th title as a South League goalkeeper.
That's also the reason fans continue to hope for the 31 -year-old's return.
At the same time, the Gomez, who was under the auspices of the AC Florence, and which was only borrowed at Besiktas, had announced that he would not return because of the political situation in the country after his EM holiday.
"If Mario wants to come to us, he only has to say it," said the magazine "Kicker" club chief Fikret Orman.
In order to do this, however, the storm would have to be prepared to renounce around a third of its annual salary estimated at €7.5 million, and Orman made it clear: "we cannot pay his salary at Florence."
Despite doping: these athletes still have medal chances at Olympia in Rio
The 34-year-old Justin Gatlin was already locked twice because of doping (2001 and 2006).
Rio de Janeiro - Whistleblowerin Julia Stepanowa is not allowed to start in Rio.
Other overrun athletics singers can only laugh about it - they fight in Rio around medals.
The issue of doping still determines the headlines at the Rio Olympics.
Russian swimmer Julija Jefimowa, who, after a doping lock, had embraced her star treasure shortly before the games, was mercilessly paired and booked out at her start (100 metres chest).
It offered a scathing scenery: with an upset smile, she was still stolen into the hall and had provoked with her appearance.
When stuck that she won't pick up gold, the audience broke out into a jubilant storm.
But there are still many other athletes who, despite doping past at the Rio Olympics, are getting to the start.
Here's an overview:
Justin Gatlin (100, 200, 4 x100-m-Staffel / USA): the 34-year-old is among the most controversial figures in athletics.
He was already locked twice because of doping (2001 and 2006 to 2010).
Since his bann, the 2004 Olympic champion and ex-world champion has been running even faster than before, he is over 100 m in 9.80 seconds the number one in the world and is considered the biggest challenger to Usain Bolt.
Shelly-Ann Fraser-Pryce (100, 4 x100-m-Staffel / Jamaica): the two -time Olympic champion and seven -times world champion had to sit down a six-month lock in 2010 after she was proven to be taking the painkiller Oxycodon.
She had strong toothaches after an operation, defending the 29 -year-old.
Sandra Perkovic (Diskus / Croatia): in 2011, the Olympic champion of 2012, world champion of 2013 and European Champion from 2010 to 2016 was tested positive for the banned stimulus of methylhexanamine.
Perkovic denied the knowing intake and was locked up six months.
The four widest litters this year go to the account of the great gold favorite.
LaShawn Merritt (200, 400, 4 x400-m-Staffel / USA): the Beijing Olympic champion and two -time world champion over 400 m, had been positively tested in 2010 and closed for 21 months.
A means of penetrating the penis was responsible, Merritt begged.
This year, the 30-year-old is over 200 and 400 m of the world's fastest man so far.
Ivan Tichon (Hammer, Belarus): hardly an athlete, so many medals have been detected afterwards.
For example, Tichon lost his World Cup title of 2005 nine years later, after testosterone doping was detected at him.
The now 40-year-old also had to give Olympia-Silver 2004 due to steroid doping and the EM-Title 2006 due to testosterone abuse.
He also received the bronze medal of the 2008 Olympic Games due to a ruling by the International Sports Court CAS.
At 80.04 m, he is on rank two of the world rankings.
Liu Hong (20 km walking, China): the world record and gold favorite was tested positive only in May, but may still start in Rio.
At the 29-year-old world champion, references were found to the intake of a banned food supplement, the lock of the World Anti-Doping Agency WADA fell mildly and ran off on July 13.
Bomb terror in Thailand - Austrian injured - multiple deaths
The Austrian embassy in Thailand is in contact with the woman, the State Department spokesman, Thomas Schnöll, said Friday morning.
She had suffered cut wounds and had been treated in hospital but has already been able to leave this one again.
Her home trip was scheduled for early September.
Whether from the further explosions on the holiday island of Phuket, as well as in the southern cities of Surat Thani, Phang Nga, Trang and Chumphon, also Austrian citizens are still unclear.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs is in constant contact with the local authorities in this regard, according to Schnöll.
In the roughly 200 kilometres south of the capital Bangkok, Hua Hin was first seen exploding two bombs on Thursday night in a nightmare.
According to police, a Thai change was killed and about 20 people were injured, including the Austrians, three Germans, three Dutch and three Italians.
Friday morning, two explosives went up again, and another man was killed, according to the authorities.
A bomb explosion was also reported by Phuket in the morning.
A taxi driver was injured in the detonation near the beach resort of Patong, which was popular with holidaymakers.
In Surat Thani on the country's south-east coast, another bomb then exploded that killed an urban employee.
The explosive rate has gone into the air, according to authorities in a flower beet in front of the coastal police force.
Finally, detonations in Phang Nga and Trang on the southwest coast, as well as in Chumphon on the south-east coast, called for several injured.
One goes from a connection with the explosions in Hua Hin, it said.
"The bomb attacks carry the same handwriting," said Armeegeneral Danai Kritmethavee Friday morning before journalists.
"We assume that this is a coordinated attack."
It is too early to comment on possible motives, but it is probably the actions of Muslim rebels.
Thai media also wanted to recognize a pattern typical of the bombings of Muslim separatists in the south of the country in the attacks.
The Thai police, on the other hand, said that the attacks were not related to the Islamist insurgency or to international terrorism.
"This is only local sabotage, which is limited to limited areas and provinces," a spokesman in Bangkok said.
Rather, it is assumed that the bombs were laid by opponents of the ruling military junta.
In the past few days, the authorities have received intelligence indications of impending attacks in the south of the country - but they have not been informed about the exact date and the places.
It is still unclear which group is behind the attacks.
Police dismissed their officials across the country to step up security around important government buildings, as well as airports, train stations, tourist attractions, restaurants and amusement districts.
In Thailand, there are always smaller bombings, but they are mostly not directed against tourists.
In Hua Hin lies a palace used for years by Thailand's King Bhumibol Adulyadej.
After the bomb explosions, the Austrian Ministry of Foreign Affairs recommends that the Thai security authorities should follow the instructions of the Thai security authorities.
High security risk (security level 3) applies to the provinces of Narathiwat, Yala, Pattani and Songhkla as well as Preah Vihear and surroundings.
After clashes between security forces and Muslim populations, it is not necessary to travel to these provinces.
Increased security risk (security level 2) for the rest of the country.
The attacks on Thursday and Friday took place a few days after a controversial referendum on a constitution drafted by the military junta.
This gives the military a great deal of influence over the coming years.
Junta chief and Prime Minister Prayut Chan-o-cha said the bombs were an attempt to stir chaos while the country moved towards stability, an improvement in the economic situation and tourism.
The military unta, which had seized power in 2014 after a period of bloody unrest, is holding itself up to have led the kingdom back to stability and order.
However, the military has not managed to get to grips with the uprising of Muslim rebels that has been simmering in the country's extreme south for years.
More than 6500 people have already been killed in the conflict.
Just over a year ago, 20 people were killed in Bangkok in an attack at a popular Hindu shrine - most of them foreign tourists.
It was the bloodiest attack of the country's younger history.
The right-wing "identitarian movement" has been targeted by the Federal Office for Constitutional Protection.
According to several national offices, the constitutional protectors in the federal government have also put the group under observation.
"We see in the" Identitarian Movement "evidence of aspirations against the liberal democratic basic order," said constitutional chief Hans-Georg Maaßen of the German Press Agency in Berlin.
In this way, immigrants of Islamic faith or from the Middle East are being defamed in an extremist manner.
That is why we are now watching the movement.
The "identitarian movement" is a grouping with French roots, which has been active in Germany since 2012.
It is opposed to "multicultural madness," "uncontrolled mass immigration" and the "loss of its own identity by foreigners."
Constitutional protesters in nine federal states - Bremen, Bayern, Hessen, Berlin, Baden-Württemberg, NRW, Lower Saxony, Saxony and Thuringia - are already watching the "identitaries."
Maaßen said his authority had voted closely with the national offices in the decision.
"Groups like the" Identity Movement "are trying to pick up their target group where it stands," said the constitutional chief.
In general, extremists try to address them with youthful language, often with poppy music.
The Islamists as well as right-wing extremists.
This is not a beguiling advertisement for one's own cause.
Propaganda is supposed to address people emotionally.
Young people are particularly vulnerable.
That is dangerous.
Most recently, there had been reports from several federal states about contacts of the "identitarian" to AfD politicians.
Maaßen said he did not have any findings to do so.
For constitutional protection, possible contacts of this kind are only relevant from a certain point of view.
What matters is whether the respective party - in this case the AfD - will change its direction and become so extremist by certain people who are extremist.
What is crucial, then, is whether such individuals have a steady influence on the party.
This is unrecognisable.
Looking at the significant increase in right-wing offences and attacks on asylum seekers and refugee shelters, Maaßen said he would not yet speak of new right-wing terrorism in this context.
But we have noticed in recent years that there can be right-wing structures.
There was the group "Old School Society" or the Freital Group.
It may well be that other right-wing groups or micro-groups are forming that plan attacks against asylum-seekers, refugee homes or attacks from other far-right motives.
However, a German-wide or Europe-wide control of legal terrorism is not recognisable.
The previous groups were created at the regional level or in social networks.
Worried about the fact that many assaults went to the account of people who had not previously appeared in the right scene.
That is the cause of concern.
Many of the suspects in attacks on asylum shelters had not previously been known as criminals, politically motivated criminals or supporters of the right scene.
"So many people have committed crimes that previously had nothing to do with right-wing extremists, who may have been politically indifferent, or who, for example, chose CDU, SPD or Left, but who then radicalised themselves by right-wing extremist mood."
Rio 2016: ROBEL Kiros Habte becomes an internethit
Not always the Olympics or world records determine the headlines at the Olympics.
This shows the brave appearance of Robel Kiros Habte at the Summer Games in Rio de Janeiro.
At the Aquatics Center, the slightly overweight swimmer from Ethiopia swam so slowly that at times he was no longer seen in the TV images.
He simply disappeared - no matter how far the cut was selected.
In the social networks, he subsequently became the viral internethit.
In fact, the 24-year-old finished his forehand with a backlog of 48 seconds and ranked 59th place of 59 starters.
It was, however, his not exactly sporting figure that attracted the attention of the international media.
Why the 24-year-old nevertheless takes part in the Olympics?
The Ethiopian got a special start from the international swimming association.
This is distributed to make swimming in under-represented countries more familiar.
As most athletes run in Ethopia, they just wanted to do something different.
Preparation is all: ROBEL Kiros Habte is ready for the big race.
Quickly, the first nicknames made the round.
Some media described him as "ROBEL of the Wal."
The English tabloid "the Sun" with "dad Bod" made it funny.
His time, he only struck with a minute and nearly five seconds over the 100 metre freestyle, played no role there.
Comparisons with "Eric the Eel" were also drawn.
At the 2000 Olympics in Sydney, the run of Eric Moussambani provided media attention.
Unforgettable was the appearance of the swimmer from Equatorial Guinea when he had to go on his own in a forehand over 100 metres of free style.
Frenetically, Moussambani was fired at the time.
The then 22-year-old only learned to swim eight months before Olympia and had never completed such a long distance before the competition.
A seat in the front row to the stunning architecture of the Central Library of Los Angeles
Learn more about the history of the central library in the city centre, as the Society of Architectural Historians / Southern California Chapter holds a salon with Arnold Schwartzman and Stephen Gee, the authors of the new book "los Angeles Central Library: a History of its Art and Architecture."
It is planned that Gee and Schwartmann will discuss and share pictures of the 1926 Bertram Goodhue design as well as the 1993 Restoration and addition of Hardy Holzman Pfeiffer Associates.
The Salon is scheduled for 21 August from 14,00 to 16,00 in the Salle Moderne in the Art Deco Southwestern School of Law, (formerly Bullocks Wilshire), 3050 Wilshire Blvd..
Visitors can visit the middle room, the style rooms, the cactus lounge and the Teesalon.
Only pre-sale tickets; SAH / SCC members, $15; non-members, $25.
An open industrial complex in DTLA is given a cosy makeover
We celebrate the 90th birthday of the central library of L.A. with - what else? - A new book
Geretsried - The owner of a shop at New Square has been bestowed.
According to police, the 67-year-old Geretsriederin had left her business at 17,30 p.m. on Monday, forgetting to close a window on the ground floor.
When she came back the next morning at 8,15 pm, €250 had disappeared from the cashier.
Traces of the offender could not be found.
Video surveillance is not available either.
Trump doesn't see the looming election defeat as close
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump speaks at a campaign event in Florida.
If there is nothing to do with the election to the U.S. president, Donald Trump already has an alternative video.
He then goes on holiday.
If Donald Trump loses the U.S. presidential election in November, it would be relatively irrelevant to him: "ultimately it will either clap, or I have a very, very beautiful, long holiday," the Republican candidate said in a phone interview with the U.S. television broadcaster CNBC.
If it's not enough for him at the end for reasons of political correctness, that's fine, Trump said.
So he described U.S. President Barack Obama and the Democrats "candidate, Hillary Clinton, as the founder of the Islamic State (IS).
Within his party, more and more resistance was formed.
Post rises in trade in electric transporters
An electric delivery vehicle of Deutsche Post in action.
The interest of other companies in the hazard appears to be great.
The post plans to sell its electric vehicle StreetScooter as well.
In the near future, the Group intends to launch the trade with the transporter.
The post also wants to offer its electric transporters on the free car market from next year.
"We want to enter the sale to third parties," a post spokesman said on Friday.
The company has been investigating for months whether to sell its self-developed streetScooter, with which letters and packs are delivered, to other establishments as well.
Post board member Jürgen Gerdes had said there were repeatedly enquiries, such as from craftsmen.
According to the news magazine "der Spiegel," the Bonn Group wants to enter the mass production of vehicles shortly.
In the post-own factory, the company plans to build up to 10,000 cars per year and layer.
Gerdes had announced that the Group wanted to significantly increase its fleet of electric cars and in the long term a complete conversion to the environmentally friendly vehicles.
"We will take a very, very robust step towards 2020," he said at the end of July.
I can imagine that we are changing the whole fleet.
The StreetScooter has been active on Germany's roads since 2014.
GfK leadership resigns after disappointing business figures
The consumer research company GfK exchanged its boss Matthias Hartmann.
The resignations suddenly came - but not entirely surprising.
The difficult situation of the market research firm GfK was that the chair of chief executive Matthias Hartmann becomes all the more uncertain the longer the successes he promised.
Turbulence at the top of the Nuremberg market research company GfK: after again disappointing business figures and the resignation of corporate governance, the global number five of the industry is facing a new beginning.
GfK board boss wants to leave the company at the end of the year.
The Chairman of the GfK Supervisory Board, Arno Mahlert, is already leaving the supervisory board with effect from 12 September.
The leadership on the board is already taking over the previous board member Gerhard Hausruckinger as of September 1, the company announced.
He is expected to officially take over the function of a "board spokesman" until a successor to Hartmann is found.
As a reason for the resignations, the company called "different views" on the long-term business orientation.
Details did not want to name a company spokesman on Friday.
Anyone who will be the market research company in the future is still unclear at the moment.
In investor circles, it was said on Friday that the shareholder was most recently disappointed with the continued successes of the restructuring that took place years ago.
Mr Hartmann has been at the GfK top since 2011.
"The fruits of the restructuring have not yet been seen after 5 years," it said.
Given the last bad GfK business figures, any shareholder will eventually become troubled.
"If this were the case with BMW, that would also make the quandaries so," it said.
The company had not been able to stop its loss journey in the second quarter of 2016 after setbacks in the prior quarter.
With 361.2 million€, sales were up 6.1 percent below the level of the comparable prior-year quarter.
Related to the first half of the year, sales shrank by 3.4 percent at 721.2 million€.
The profit in the second quarter, in particular, has burdened the company's sunken value in the face of its difficult economic situation.
The company's depreciation of €139 million, which was necessary in the Consumer Experience Division, gave the Group a loss of €148.2 million.
In the second quarter of 2015, GfK had still generated a group profit of 19.7 million.
Accidents - Bus slides into crumbs in ditch: eight injured
In an accident of a travel agent with 43 seniors as passengers, eight people were injured on Thursday in Krummheard (county of Aurich).
Two of the inmates suffered serious injuries, police said.
The 66-year-old driver of the bus of a travel company from Eisenach, according to her data, had to evade an opposite laster, which was partly on the counter-carriageway.
The bus came to the right from the road and slipped into a ditch, as a spokeswoman for police Aurich / Wittmund reported.
"Due to the location of the bus, people could not leave the bus independently," she said.
The firefighter freed the inmates.
Six emergency vehicles and an emergency car came to the scene of the accident on the 2 state road.
The unlast travelers were brought back from a bus bus back to the Pewsum district of Krumlov.
There they should wait for a replacement bus from the travel company.
Investigators urged the truck and possible witnesses to contact police.
The charges per cubic metre of waste water are from 1 October 2016 for the area of the waste water plant Neudorf / Reuth / Welschenkahl 3.44 instead of €2.10; for Zultenberg / Lindenberg / Lopp €3.36 (so far €2.26) and for Azendorf €3.64 (so far €2.18).
At the plant in Azendorf, the wastewater fee will be increased again at the latest if appropriate improvement measures are required.
After an excess calculation, the sewage price in Azendorf will be €4.37 per cubic meter.
As Mayor Bernd Steinhäuser (CSU) reported, during the approval of the budget by the Countess of Kulmbach, it was found that undercover for these sewage plants was underway.
As a result of legal bases, the Kasendorf market is obliged to operate the facilities in a cost-effective manner.
From 1 October 2016, the citizens, as well as the commercial and industrial companies from Welschenkahl, Neudorf, Reuth, Azendorf, Lopp, Lindenberg and Zultenberg, will have to go deeper into the purse.
The fee increases are between 48 and 67 percent.
As Managing Director Herbert Schmidt pointed out to the body, a new calculation of the fees for the sewage systems of the market community was necessary.
In the period from October 2016 to September 2020, it is also possible to compensate for over- or undercover discoveries from the previous calculation period.
The serious increase in fees justified Schmidt with the fact that all three wastewater facilities are relatively small, with a very low sewage, which is between 6800 and 12,000 cubic meters per year.
For example, due to the low distribution base, expenses for necessary repairs of several thousand€ would have a serious impact.
In addition, the volume of wastewater in all three plants is slightly decreasing.
In addition, in the last calculation period, all three plants have been significantly reduced, not least because of their ageing and repair costs.
The plant in Azendorf is almost 30 years old, the facilities for Welschenkahl, Neudorf and Reuth as well as Zultenberg, Lindenberg and Lopp almost 20 years.
Schmidt pointed out that in the Azendorf wastewater plant the mechanical ventilation plant had to be exchanged due to a damage.
In the Pumpwerk Welschenkahl, the nearly 20-year-old conveyor plants had to be overhauled from scratch and at the Lopp pond plant, after nearly 20 years of operation, the first sewage pond had to be excavated, sewage sludge had to be disposed of and an additional ventilation facility had to be installed in order to continue to comply with the water requirements.
Schmidt: "to these extraordinary expenses came the continuing care and maintenance costs to be taken into account in the new calculation period."
The same applies to electricity costs, which were still well below the current level in the previous calculation in 2011/2012.
Stone houses made it clear that, in the small waste water in the three plants, the expenses for the operation and maintenance are "full."
At the same time, Schmidt added, the market community has been spared major entertainment costs in sewage plants over the past 20 years.
The situation for the aforementioned plants will, in the view of stone houses, continue to remain precarious in the long term, especially as the supply area of the Friesenbachtal wastewater will not be extended to include these facilities, because these are deficient facilities.
Bulgaria buys inflation for first time in 8 months
National statistics show that inflation in Bulgaria was 1% on a monthly basis in July.
This is the highest value (since June 2012) and the first over zero since October last year, when positive 0.2% were recorded.
The annual average inflation of the last 12 months (August 2015 - July 2016) compared to the previous 12 months (August 2014 - July 2015) was measured according to the CPI - 0.8%.
The consumer price index in July 2016 compared to June 2016 was 101.0%, i.e. monthly inflation was 1.0%.
The rate of inflation since the beginning of the year (July 2016 compared to December 2015) was - 0.2% and annual inflation in July 2016 compared to July 2015 - 0.2%.
In July 2016, a price increase of the following groups of consumer goods was observed compared to the previous month: food and non-alcoholic drinks (1.7%); transport (1.8%); leisure and culture (6.3%); restaurants and hotels (1.2%); different goods and services (0.3%).
Prices fell in clothing and shoes (2.2%); furniture, household appliances and routine expectations (0.5%); health (0.1%).
Prices remained as in the previous month in alcoholic beverages and tobacco; homes, water, electricity, gas and other fuels; communication; and education unchanged.
Snapchat "Anime" effect criticised as Asian cartoon
Snapchat says this filter is anime-inspired, but some observers say it is insensitive to breeds.
With its filter tool, Snapchat allows about 150 million daily users to change reality and play with identities in such a way that already borders on the absurd.
You can turn into a pineapple, a dog or a figure that could be from a Roy Lichtenstein painting.
The filters are blunt, stand-alone tools that generate more than 30 million improved selfies per day.
All mistakes are made to the public.
Snapchat filters have attracted criticism in the past, in which they were accused that the app would propel blackface or white skin as a beauty deal.
When, this week, some users suggested a filter that gave them slashes, false teeth and woven cheeks, some critics called a racist caricature of Asians - "yellow face."
They wondered whether these repeated controversies pointed to a bigger problem that the company has with diversity.
The news and outrage were widely shared on Wednesday, with reports from The Verge and Motherboard, a day after Snapchat announced it would have deactivated the feature.
The company offered an apology: the filter was thought to be a tribute to anime characters rather than as a caricature of Asians.
But outsiders who have experienced racism reminded the filter of offending clichés.
Others strongly rejected the anime comparison.
In an email, Grace Sparapani, a Korean-American art student whose tweet about the photos became widespread, wrote that the filter was "offensive and, to say the least, uncomfortable."
She added that "it is difficult to argue with the counter-rendition of a very disgusting Asian caricature and the filter effects.
It shows that the filter is not yellow, but that the yellow face has been dragged into the devalued extreme.
Snapchat is not the only company that crosses this cultural stumbling wire.
American culture seems to be involved in an endless diversity of diversity and integration, from conference rooms to Hollywood and the devices we all hold in hand.
And Snapchat's big audience of young people - who are in terms of race different than their older counterparts - might be more likely to expect sensitivity.
If one of Snapchat's filters creates an image that is offensive to an user, "so it's much harder that such things remain unnoticed than it used to be," said 25-year-old Katie Zhu in an interview on Thursday.
On Thursday, Zhu, who works as a product manager and engineer for Medium, decided to extinguish her Snapchat account urged others to do the same.
In an upset for medium and in a phone interview, she said that she believes racial controversies reflect a lack of diversity in recruitment practices at Snapchat.
Zhu criticized the largely white, only male leadership and finished her upset with a hashtag:\ HASH DeleteSnapchat.
"Either they have no representation of people with other skin colours in their workforce, so they can make such decisions," said the Chinese-American Zhu, "or they have people with other skin colours who work there but are not in positions where they feel safe or comfortable to say what."
Others share their opinion, a complaint that Snapchat has largely left unanswered.
The company does not publish figures on the diversity of its workforce and points to its status as a private company.
On Thursday, Snapchat declined to discuss the cultural backgrounds of its staff, but according to a spokesman, the company recently recruited a staff member focused on under-represented populations and on internal integration efforts.
For her part, Zhu said that she will leave her Snapchat account closed and added, "I wonder if they need more users like us to be able to say that this is not O.K."
Military leadership distorts ISIS intelligence information, notes congressional committee
Military personnel of the United States Central Command changed intelligence information to draw a more optimistic picture of the war against the so-called Islamic State in Iraq and Syria than it would have allowed actual conditions on the ground, a congressional committee of inquiry reported in a report on Thursday.
The provisional report, created by a Task Force of Republican members of the Armed Forces Committee, Secret Service Commitees and the WehrBudget Command, reports of major discontent among Central Command intelligence analysts who reported how prescriptions changed their assessments of American efforts in the fight against Islamic State.
The Central Command, short Cencom, is the military headquarters in Tampa, Florida, which controls American military operations in the Middle East and Central Asia.
"Intelligence information, typically sent off by high-level Centcom commanders, regularly featured a more positive image of American efforts against terrorism than it would have allowed the actual conditions on the ground, and were consistently more positive than analysis of other intelligence services," a newspaper article quoted the report as saying.
"What happened at the Centcom is unacceptable - our soldiers suffer when bad analyses are presented to our political leaders," said Ken Calvert, Republican member of the House of Representatives.
The leadership flaws in the Centcom range to the top of the organization.
The ten -page report shows detailed problems in 2014 and 2015 in the descriptions and analyses of American efforts in the training of Iraqi forces.
Although it does not provide direct indications that government spikes under Obama have given instructions to change the reports, it shows how analysts faced pressure from their pre-laws to draw a more optimistic picture of the threat of Islamic State, also known as ISIS or ISIL.
"During the first half of 2015, many Central Command press releases, opinions and statements in front of Congress were much more positive than the facts," the report noted.
For example, a Centcom associate publicly announced that a military recapture of Mossuls could start as early as April or May 2015.
Mossul, Iraq's second largest city, remains under the control of the Islamic State.
"After months of investigation, it is so much clear," said Mike Pompeo, Republican Congressman from Kansas, in an opinion.
From the middle of 2014 to the middle of 2015, Central Command's peaks changed intelligence reports to downplay the danger posed by ISIS in Iraq.
Republicans called the task force into life after they were told that analysts were worried about the manipulation of reports on Islamic State.
The report, published on Thursday, will still be completed by more detailed findings while the investigation continues.
In addition, further investigation by the Centcom reports is under way by the Department of Defense's inspector general.
Democratic members of the intelligence committee released their own findings on Thursday, coinciding with some of the Republican task force's conclusions.
"In 2014 and 2015, the Centcom created an overly limited process for the creation of intelligence assessments on ISIL and the Iraqi security services," the highest-ranking Democrat in the Committees, member of the House of Representatives Adam B. Schiff, announced in an opinion.
This process, according to Mr. Schiff, "delayed the publication of intelligence reports," damaged the morality among analysts and "gave excessively little room for divergent opinions."
But Mr. Schiff and the Democrats said not to have found any evidence of a White House intervention at the Centcom analysts about a "certain political opinion."
The preliminary results of the congressional investigation were published on Tuesday by "the Daily Beast."
Last August, the New York Times reported investigations by the Pentagon's inspector general, which were recorded following complaints from Centcom analysts.
Lt. Cmdr. Patrick Evans, a Pentagon press secretary, admitted in an opinion that the Department of Defense would not comment on any reports from Congress, while the inspector general's investigation was still under way.
But he also admitted that "experts sometimes have quite divergent opinions about the interpretation of complex data, and that the intelligence services and the Ministry of Defence welcome a controversial discussion of these important issues of national defense."
The investigation has repercussions beyond the issue of a successful air campaign under American leadership in Iraq and Syria (a claim that is now being made by a growing number of defense ministry members).
Last year's accusations, however, raised the question of how President Obama can rely on the Central Command for honest assessments of military operations in Iraq, Afghanistan, Libya, and other crisis regions.
Criticizing the secret information about the Islamic State is reminiscent of constraints from more than ten years ago, when a Centcom analyst, Gregory Hooker, drafted a document on how the then government under George W. Bush, contrary to the recommendations of many analysts, foresaw only a small occupying force in Iraq and had little time to think about the consequences of the 2003 invasion.
Mr. Hooker also played a key role in the uprising against the current coverage of the Islamic State.
Last year, the team around Mr. Hooker, according to government offices, notes that, contrary to the government's statements, airstrikes against the refineries held by the Islamic State would not have a significant impact on the terrorist group's financial position, as these provisional refineries would have been commissioned to sell oil on the black market.
However, this finding was not published, the Times reported in September.
Centcoms then commander, Gen. Lloyd J. Austin III, was criticised by members of the legislature for his overly positive assessment of the war situation at a hearing before the Senate.
General Austin retired in April and was replaced at Central Command by Gen. Joseph L. Votel.
The U.S. wins fourth match in women's field hockey, a showdown with Britain faces
A day after she shot three goals during a 6 - 1 victory over Japan, Katie Bam also made the first two goals for the women's American field hockey team in a match on Thursday against India that the Americans won with 3 - 0.
Five goals in two games should actually be a memorable achievement, but Bam (27) said she could not remember having ever done that.
"I have no idea," she said.
I'm not one of those people who keep their gates in mind.
However, she knows this: the Americans are in the Olympic competition at 4 - 0 and are in their group with the British in the first place, who remain unbeaten after their 2 - 0 victory against Japan.
Britain and the United States will meet in the last game of the first round on Saturday.
Both teams have already qualified for the quarter-finals, the game will decide which of the two within their group from six teams will each gain first and second place.
The first-place finish will be a little longer out of the way that the other group cites.
Whatever the game may be on Saturday, Americans have sparked a surprising hurricane through their success story, four years after they landed at the last London Games on the last of 12 places.
BAM was part of that team.
She grew up in Blue Bell, Pennsylvania, and had the first time with three years a hockey sleeper in hands (her two older sisters played the sport at Drexel University), with 16 years she became a national player of the United States, the youngest in the team's history.
She missed the Olympics in 2008 as she couldn't qualify for the cadre.
Then came the year 2012, in which everything went wrong for her and her team.
In the following year, Craig Parnham, an Englishman, became a coach of the national team, and so things began to turn to better.
"A change of culture, a mental change and a physical change," said Bam.
We didn't have the workload in London that we have now.
We've been able to rip the helm completely.
On Thursday night, Bam opened the goalkeeper in the first half of the game with a retreat from the close range.
India had gone into the game without a victory in the tournament, but the team were surprisingly tough and held the game stand from 1 - 0 to the third quarter until Bam took the game into their hands.
She performed a sprint with the flat ball over the left flank, then moved into the middle and lugged the ball into the gate to give American women a 2 - 0 lead.
Melissa Gonzalez made the final gate in the middle of the last quarter.
The shutout was the first of the whole tournament for the United States goalkeeper, Jackie Briggs, who so far had to have a gate in each of the previous games.
She has a run.
Just like Bam.
"We're in a good position" said Parnham, but how well will depend on the outcome of the next game on Saturday.
Amid the Rage of the Olympics, the Zen of the Trampoline
Wherever you are, however late it is, it is the Olympics.
The events in Rio de Janeiro feel steady and inescapable, a rushing squeeze between competition and quest.
It is as if the Olympic torch itself is a burning stove, which is passed from the bracelet to the swimmer to the turner to the triathlete.
You can't turn on the TV, read a newspaper or listen to your neighbour's conversation in the queue at the Coffeshop without hearing about Simone Biles, Katie Ledecky or the dispute between Michael Phelps and Chad le Clos.
And then there's Logan Dooley.
Dooley, who is here for the first time at the Olympics and a women's swarm with greens, could well have been among those familiar names sent to Prime Time, built by sponsors and feel-good TV advertising if he were a swimmer, turner or even a fan.
But Dooley, 28, from Lake Forest, California, is fighting gold in the Olympic trampoline turf.
The Olympic flame does not illuminate every event the same.
Further from the centre, partly in the shadows are the sports that are not universally recognised: air gun shooting, archery, badminton, taekwondo.
We will always have the breast swim and may it prevail for a long time.
But if I should modestly make arguments for my particular favourite, then let me draw attention to the discreet charm of the trampoline.
Although the trampoline rush has already been an Olympic event since 2000, when it had its debut in Sydney, it was perceived so sparingly the last 16 years that many the, I had interviewed, did not know it was an Olympic sport at all.
This could also be regional ignorance.
Although the U.S. sent athletes to compete, it has never won a medal in the trampoline rush and has had an athlete by 2012 who has managed it to the end.
The Chinese and the Russians tend to share prices for the men and the Chinese and the Canadians who share for the women.
Dong Dong from China and Rosie MacLennan from Canada will defend their gold medal from London this year.
The trampoline rush has a certain outsider charm, in part because it sounds more fitting for the unenlightened ear for a clownish school than that for the Olympics.
At this point, I should admit that I am not an expert but just an earnest enthusiast.
It has humorous potential - the cartoonish trembling of its never-ending impact - but also the grace of the turf and diving, the two sports that essentially unite it.
The word "trampoline" comes from the Spanish El Trampolin, which means as much as "springboard."
Rising sieges jump on a gigantic trampoline, shooting almost up to 30 feet into the air and having to take a series of falling movements (turning, hitting and saltos) before landing on their feet.
They are assessed according to the official Olympic program after execution, difficulty level and "flight time."
Twenty-two athletes from 17 countries, 16 men and 16 women, will compete against each other in Rio.
The most common Olympic vector is straight.
Medal hopefuls must go further, faster, up and down in their quest for gold, sometimes up to the goal, sometimes back and forth, up and down in the playground.
Not only are they hunting the finishing line or the starting wall, but also in television broadcasting another heightened goal: that of the world or of the Olympics.
The purposeful pursuit is noble, admirable, even fanatical - and it's enough to even stir a spectator to tears.
But it's also what I feel as something tiring even when watching these games.
Of this, the trampoline offers a breathing space.
The vector of the trampoline controller is above.
A forward movement is not the goal.
He or she collides, seemingly heavy-handed like an astronaut, goes up, then down, then effortlessly back up.
Here, too, there is competition, of course not without difficulty, but during exercise there is no hectic attack on the goal, no wolves in the distance, only the dreamy, elegant lifting of time and gravity.
It's as Zen as the competition at the Olympics can only be.
The women's qualifying and final will take place on Friday afternoon, in streaming around 13,00 Eastern Time; that of men on Saturday, also at 13,00.
NBC will broadcast the final hours as part of an afternoon block on both days from 14,00.
Amid the Olympic mania, they promise a quiet, nice moment, one that is likely to be overlooked in the general tumult.
If the increase in awareness can only be achieved by the anxiety and objectification of male athletes - as the male U.S. Turner suggested recently, according to The Wall Street Journal - then Mr Dooley expects his new fan community to be rushed to air.
"A generation protests" in Ethiopia, Long an ally of the US
Violent protests in Ethiopia
Protesters demanding political change in Ethiopia encountered violent resistance from the government.
Witnesses say that tens of protesters were killed during clashes with police during shot changes.
Is Ethiopia just collapsing?
Over the past decade, it has been one of Africa's most stable countries, a solid ally of the West with a rapidly growing economy.
But in recent months, protests against the government rocked the country and expanded into more and more areas.
Last week, thousands of people rushed to the streets and demanded fundamental political changes.
The government's response was relentless, according to human rights organisations.
Witnesses said that police officers shot and killed on tens of unarmed protesters.
Videos in circulation about the protests that are probably from the last or the beginning of this year show how security people beat young people with sticks, while they were forced to make a handstand against a wall.
The head of the U.N. Human Rights Authority is now demanding an in-depth investigation.
"It has always been difficult to hold this country together and it will become even more difficult in the future," said Rashid Abdi, the Project Leader of the Horn of Africa of the International Crisis Group, a research group.
Ethiopia is the most populous country in Africa and its stability is appreciated by the West.
American military and intelligence agencies are working closely with the Ethiopians to combat terrorist threats beyond the region, especially in Somalia, and only a few countries in Africa, if any, receive so much Western aid.
Ethiopia's economy expanded at a considerable pace.
Its infrastructure has improved dramatically - there is a new commuter train in the capital Addis Ababa.
The streets are usually quiet, safe and clean.
Even though Ethiopia was far from a model for democracy - human rights organisations have continually cited oppression by the government - the opposition in the country has been restricted, with dissidents effectively silenced.
Many were sent into exile or in prison, killed or driven into the wits of the desert.
But that could change.
"If you suppress people and they have no other options except to protest, it breaks out," said Seyoum Teshome, a lecturer in central Ethiopia.
The entire youth protest.
A generation protests.
There are numerous complaints covering everything from land use to stranglehold in terms of power of the ruling coalition.
After a largely criticized election last year, the ruling party and its allies received the last seat of the opposition and now control 100 percent of Parliament.
At the same time, tensions along the border with Eritrea are rising; a battle for this zealous, controversial line called for hundreds of lives in June.
Analysts worry that separatists such as the Oromo Liberation Front or the Ogaden's National Liberation Front, which have been more or less beaten in recent years, could exploit the turmoil and arm themselves again.
Several factors explain why feelings of bitterness are now exploding after years of precipitation under the surface.
The first seems harmless: smartphones.
Only in recent years have a very large number of Ethiopians been able to communicate through social media, as cheaper smartphones became increasingly common and Internet services improved.
Even if the government blocks access to Facebook and Twitter, which it does at regular intervals, especially in protests, many people can still communicate via internet proxies that hide where they are staying.
Several young Ethiopians said they gathered to protest.
The second factor is that there is more solidarity between the Oromos and Amharas, the two largest ethnicities in Ethiopia.
The Oromos and Amharas are not natural enemies.
Since eons, the Amharas, who come from Ethopia's predominantly Christian highlands, prospered in politics and economics, while exploiting the Oromos, many of whom are Muslims and living in lowland areas.
But that, too, is changing.
"We are in the process of coordinating under an umbrella," said Mulatu Gemechu, a leader of the Oromos.
The biggest protests took place in areas of the Amhara and Oromos.
Many Amharas and Oromos feel that Ethiopia is unfairly dominated by members of the Tigray ethnic group, which accounts for around 6 percent of the population, and who are dominant in the military, in the intelligence services, in trade and politics.
The third reason for the unrest is the death of Meles Zenawi.
Mr Meles, a former rebel leader, was Ethiopia's prime minister for 17 years until his death in 2012.
He was seen as a tactical genius, a man who could think of corners.
Analysts say that he was particularly keen to perceive early signs of discontent and use special envoys to edit opponents and make them harmless.
"The current regime lacks this fundamental skill," said Mr Abdi, a conflict analyst.
Ethiopia's new prime minister, Hailemariam Desalegn, was selected for relatively opaque reasons to take the position of Mr Meles.
Unlike Mr Meles, who came from the Tigray region of northern Ethiopia, Mr Hailemariam comes from the south.
Analysts say he doesn't enjoy the confidence of the security services controlled by the Tigray.
Many worry that the result will be more bloodshed.
The last time Ethiopia experienced such an uproar was in 2005, after thousands protested against elections, which, according to analytics, were seemingly catered for by the government and subsequently stolen.
During the subsequent raids, many protesters were killed, even if it was less than in recent months and this period of unrest went over relatively quickly.
Development experts praised Ethiopia's leaders for their visionary infrastructure planning, such as the new commuter train, as well as for their measurable progress in the fight against poverty.
But obviously this has not prevented the intensification of the Ethiopian government's internal misgivings.
And it takes a dangerous ethnic form.
Last month, protesters in Gondar, an amharic city, attacked by Tigray and the hatred towards the Tigray is becoming increasingly common on social media.
Analysts say the protests put the U.S. and other Western allies in a peculiar position.
The American government used Ethiopia as a base for droning flights over neighboring Somalia, even though it recently announced that it has closed that base.
While the West clearly wants to support democracy, it does not want its ally to collapse in an already volatile area.
"This," Mr Abdi said, "is a very thin grate."
Donald Trump explains his claim Obama had established ISIS had been "sarcasm"
Donald J. Trump tried to dispel the last controversy on Friday that surrounds his campaign by indicating that his repeatedly repeated claim that President Obama and Hillary Clinton would have been the "founder" of the Islamic State terror group had not been serious.
This clarification raised new questions about the Republican presidential candidate's communication skills, whether he was able to communicate clearly and comprehensively with the American public.
It also brings his co-workers, who are trying to protect him during an eventful period, into the peculiar position of having to explain statements that he might not have meant at all.
After making the suggestion at a campaign event on Wednesday night, Mr. Trump resigned in relation to the claim on Thursday and insisted in interviews that he really did not intend to suggest that the president and Mrs. Clinton would have created ISIS.
But in an early morning tweet on Friday, Mr. Trump said he was just sarcastic.
The tweet was the opposite to the previous day when Mr. Trump said in a series of interviews he meant the accusation was completely serious.
When conservative radio presenter Hugh Hewitt wanted to help Mr. Trump mitigate the statement somewhat by reminding him that Mr. Obama wants to destroy ISIS, the Republican presidential candidate did not want to know anything about it.
The last storm of criticism prone to Mr. Trump while trying to steer the focus of his campaign on the economic situation because of falling polls.
Mr. Trump and Mrs. Clinton held speeches on the economic situation in Michigan this week.
On Friday, Mr. Trump tried to return to the issue again.
Speaking on Twitter, he warned that Mrs. Clinton's proposals would lead to higher taxes and that he had found her speech boring.
Mr. Trump has already put forward sarcasm to his defense.
At the end of July, he drew strong criticism when he said that the Russians should hack Mrs. Clinton's emails, but he later declared "of course I meant the sarcastic."
This method allows Mr. Trump to shift the linguistic boundaries in politics and then rub back as needed.
"I think it's one of his methods to test how certain messages are recorded by his fans as they arrive, and then, if necessary," clarify "depending on how the reaction is out." Said Ruth Sherman, a communications expert who watches the language of both candidates.
I also believe, however, that he is clever enough to keep his statements vague enough so that they can be interpreted in different ways.
Instead of defusing the tone for the presidential election, Mr. Trump has adopted an even more predictable tone, as his poll values have continued to decline.
A new poll by NBC / Wall Street Journal / Marist, released on Friday, showed a lead with big lead in the states of North Carolina, Virginia, Colorado and a head-to-head race in Florida.
While Mr. Trump is generally trying not to apologise for his provocative remarks, he often accuses his critics of distorting his statements or misunderstanding his humour.
But while he is stepping up the focus of attention in the final months of his presidential campaign, Mr. Trump's jokes have put his loyal co-workers in the uncomfortable situation of having to stand up to him, regardless of how provocative his statements may be.
Rudolph W. Giuliani, a former mayor of New York and one of Trump's most prominent advocates, gave himself great trouble to defend the candidate today in a CNN interview Thursday.
"I believe what he says are legitimate, political comments" said Mr. Giuliani he was questioned about the accuracy of Mr. Trump's statements, whether Mr. Obama and Mrs. Clinton had founded the Islamic State.
It is true in this sense that before Obama ISIS was an almost unknown, small organization, he called them backbenchers, completely wrong and therefore it happened because he pulled off the troops from Iraq.
Most mainstream Republicans are trying to argue that the government under Obama, in which Mrs. Clinton served as Secretary of State, allowed ISIS to spread by refraining from aggressively bringing the situation in the Middle East under control.
Before the campaign events in Pennsylvania on Friday, Mr. Trump continued his attacks on the media and accused them of getting around on each of his words and being biased against him.
He mocked the "poor, jolly" television experts who try to understand him and said, "you can't!."
Some of the Democrats spotted Mr. Trump's apology as just another proof that he was unfit for the presidency.
Once squeezed over the price from the market, café comes back in Greenpoint
Verb Cafe was a shameful café in Williamsburg, where you could only pay cash, which had no Wi-Fi, but served good coffee for 15 years.
Of course, prices were squeezed out of his Bedford Avenue shop front.
The Soap Cherie business, which replaced verb in the summer of 2014, sells soap in the form of cupcakes.
Locals charged it as the last loss in a gentrifying city.
The artist Molly Crabapple wrote on Twitter, "I know New York is change, but I still can't believe that CBGB is dead, the Chelsea hotel gutted and verb is now a soap business."
But if New York is change, it is also reinvention.
A revived verb cafe opened last November in Greenpoint, less than a mile north of its original location.
The new verb has Wi-Fi and accepts credit cards, but still has some of the same staff and a similarly simple atmosphere.
The coffee is still good.
The new owner of the verb is Cisco Rodriguez, a long-time employee of the old cafe, who is the owner and managing director of the new cafe.
He started working at Verb in 2001 and stayed there until the end.
When a customer offered him to provide funds for a new outpost, he was excited to do it, he said.
Rodriguez, 36, maintained a lot of things.
Verb uses the same distributor for the bagels bought the same espresso machine model.
It even uses the same lamps from the old verb.
But Rodriguez said he wanted to experiment as well.
He introduced new ingredients.
On the menu are sandwiches with bacon and cheese and there are garments like capers and sucked onions.
There are natural treasures.
The café no longer serves beer, there are fresh juices for it.
After nine months, Rodriguez said he noticed a steady stream of old regular customers.
"Many old customers were also displaced by prices from Williamsburg," he said.
Recently on a Sunday, Rebecca Oliveira was such a customer.
Oliveira, 34, used to live in Williamsburg and visited the verb regularly.
Even after she had moved to Greenpoint, she would take the path on her own.
After the verb had closed, she gave up the coffee drinking for a while, she said.
"It became clear to me that it was the coffee and the culture in the verb that liked me," she said.
Now she is drinking coffee again, even if she ordered a blended Chai Tea on that day instead of her usual Iced Coffee, which is another new addition.
Tom Rosenthal has been another long-time and loyal customer since the start of the verb in 2003.
He went there before work and invariably always ordered Dassel.
"I came after seven, every day, like a Swiss pocket clock and they prepare my Everything-Bagel with butter," he said.
Photo Rodriguez said he wanted to experiment and include new ingredients in the menu.
Today, Rosenthal still gets his usual order, but sometimes he changes his Everything-Bagel with bacon, egg and cheese.
Rodriguez said that he hadn't been hungry about the soap business taking the old business space.
In fact, the owners of the Soap Cherie offered to produce a special soap for verb with the cafe's cold-blown coffee as an ingredient.
"I think we're still going to go on their offer," Rodriguez said.
And the traditional Polish inhabitants of Greenpoints have also accepted the café.
A new customer has translated the menu into Polish and Rodriguez said he prefers to exhibit them soon, so his new neighbours feel welcome.
The location also has other benefits.
A local juice locale would like to fill and sell the cold-blowed coffee into the bottle.
There is a chance that the café will expand to a neighbouring building.
For many customers, a new verb is enough to get their old favourites.
Joseph Witt was a regular customer and said that he was destroyed on the ground when the café closed.
When the new cafe opened, Whitt said that entering the venue and ordering a new coffee felt like a home return.
"I had to smell that," he said.
The depressing food of the economic crisis in "an abundant meal"
In March 1933, shortly after his rise to the president, Franklin Delano Roosevelt took his lunch in the Oval Office.
As a gourmet, President Roosevelt had a Faible for refined delicacies of Fifth Avenue such as Pâte de foie gras and Maryland water turtle soup.
His menu that day was slightly more modest: stuffed eggs in tomato sauce, potato purple and as dessert a plum pudding.
"It was an act of culinary solidarity with suffering people," said Jane Ziegelman.
Her husband Andrew Coe added, "it was also a message to Americans how they should eat."
The couple live in Brooklyn Heights and are both food historians.
Coes' last book, "Chop Suey," handled from Chinese cuisine in the US, while Ziegelman was told in her book "97 Orchard" about life in a residential house on the Lower East Side from the food perspective.
Her latest collaboration, "a decent meal," which will appear at Harper Verlag on Tuesday, illustrates the history of American cuisine during the Great Depression.
They showed culinary solidarity when they met with a reporter at the Eisenberg's Sandwich shop for dinner, a small, snarling snack in the Flatiron District, which has already been in store since the 1929 stock market crash.
Ziegelman, 54, ordered a fresh cheese sandwich with olive groves, while Coe, 57, had Truthahn with potato purple and vegetable mixture.
When the reporter ordered hackbrats, this found the pair fit for a discussion about eating in the era of the Great Depression.
"Rich foods were very popular," said Ziegelman.
There was earth bread, liver cheese and bean bread.
They were prepared from an ingredient and something billionaire that stretches the ingredient.
Imagine eating so many Earth nuts that they serve them as dinner.
Coe grinned.
"It must have been in the stomach like lead," he said.
In the years before the Great Depression, the table was an all-you-can-eat buffet in an American household, especially in rural areas.
Teams of women cooked for male field workers and it was served freshly baked pasta for breakfast, lunch and dinner.
It was the Americans who, during the first world war, sent food to starving Europeans. "A Square Meal" sets out the ways in which the country could no longer be the country of origin.
"It was a time when food was a central, tense issue for Americans," Coe said, why he and his wife wanted to write about it.
Just as tense was the new budget diet: mysterious dishes such as bread and casserole became basic foods, the casserole as a "wonderful way of restoring eating remains," noted bricks, as chefs were able to hide unappetising ingredients under a creamy sauce.
Fresh fruit was replaced by cheaper dry fruit.
Meat, which was the centrepiece of American cuisine for years, became a rarely served luxury.
Peculiar mixtures were tried, as a calorific and nutritious satisfaction took precedence over taste or even healthy kitchen mind.
During their search for the book, which also includes recipes, Ziegelman prepared a dish from this epoch, baked onions with earth nut butter.
"It was not a popular addition at lunch," says Coe.
Brick man continues: "it was surreal."
Nut butter and baked onions do not match each other.
It was typical for many of the house economic recipes.
As never before, or ever since, household economists - including Louise Stanley, head of the Federal Bureau of Home Economics between 1923 - 1943 - have been doing the country's eating habits.
By publishing recipes and articles in newspapers and magazines, they encouraged women to become "household politicians" and meet the challenge of turning pamps like creamy spaghetti with carrots into delicious meals.
"A Square Meal" is a celebration of historical delicacies.
In particular, the reports of the government's response to the starving citizens, such as President Herbert Hoovers' Lass-Mich-Kuchen-Essen-attire, are very palatable.
While publicly praising the simple Iowa farmhouse kitchen of his kitchen, he feeds like the millionaire man of world to which he has become.
"He liked continental cuisine like fish with cucumber sauce," said Coe.
He was in an almost gold-plated dining room and was wearing a smoke.
He was gloriously alien to reality.
President Roosevelt might have made the same mistake if his wife Eleanor had not asked him to set an example with his stomach.
As described in the book, the arrival of a householder with no interest in flavours by Mrs Roosevelt meant that the White House produced the most boring food in Washington, but also one of the most dismal. "
Many of the species from the era of the Great Depression to deal with food was discarded once the country came back on its feet.
The legacy is on our continued focus on calories and food, Ziegelman said, as well as how science was applied to food.
The pair gave a better understanding of the eating habits of Ziegelman's mother-in-law when writing the book - for example, how she couldn't throw food away.
"She had a real fear of wasting food," said Coe.
Ziegelman remembered: "she actually made people sick."
There was the windbag incident.
After the plates were cleared at Eisenberg's, they and Coe drew a dessert that they had prepared at home: the plum dessert that President Roosevelt had at lunchtime.
"It is called Prune Whip," said Ziegelman, adding that it was a common trick to miss modest recipes a chic name.
There was no bearded cream, just plums, some flour, sugar, water and cinnamon.
Each one appeared somewhat reluctant a spoon in the tough, brown Glibber.
Amazingly, it didn't taste bad.
Coe picked up a surcharge three times.
Like a Can-Do budgeter, he said to his wife, "a few hacked walnuts would help."
Killed in bomb attack: he was the hero of Aleppo
He put his own life at risk to help others: Khaled Omar.
He was the hero of Aleppo: Khaled Omar devoted his life to the people of Syria.
He risked everything to save others.
Now the 30-year-old himself has died in a face-bomb attack by the Assad regime.
Omar was a member of the "white Helmets," a civil protection group that, according to the Bild newspaper, saved nearly 60,000 people so far.
2900 volunteers put their own lives at risk to pull people out of crushed houses and to provide first aid in the war area.
They are the heroes of the war in Syria.
Omar was the face of the group: a video of the civil protector showing him at a 11 -hour rescue of a baby from the rubble of a house went around the world in 2014.
It made the Syrian to the luminous symbol figure in the horror of war.
As heroes, however, he has never seen himself, according to the picture: "for me, this is the real Jihad."
"When I dare to save lives, I think that God sees a martyr in me."
Shortly before Omar himself fell victim to an attack, he had spoken in a video about the last bombings in Syria.
The helicopters have thrown off four facial bombs above the Alzadia district, one was filled with chlorine gas.
A woman and two children died, and seven people are suffering from breathing.
"We are now eliminating the toxic remains of the bomb so that not children play with it," the picture quotes his last words before he died.
The Assad regime's deadly bomb was supposed to hit terrorists.
Greenland hai: the oldest vertebrae is nearly 400 years old
Rare sight.
Greenland sharks mostly come to the surface only in winter.
This shark was allowed to return to the sea after an investigation aboard the Sanna research vessel.
He was born in 1624 and swims with well a 1 km/h through the North Atlantic - to this day.
Greenland sharks only get offspring at 150 years old.
The Greenland halfway through the North Atlantic Ocean, in a hour's time, is an average of just 1,220 metres.
Only when it arrives, the five -metre long animal accelerates to sat 2.6 km/h - and is half as fast as a seal with this maximum speed.
This slow lifestyle, however, seems to be a patent recipe for a high age.
Julius Nielsen of the University of Copenhagen and his colleagues report in the journal "science" at any rate from a Greenland hai that could be 392 years old.
"Madness," commented Alexander Scheuerlein from the Max Planck Institute for demographic research in Rostock this lifespan, which means a world record for vertebrae.
Although the evolutionary biologist has long suspected that Greenland sharks are being stoned.
Just lacked the evidence.
Greenland sharks are hard to watch, after all, they live mainly in the ice sea in front of the sparsely populated coasts of Canada, Greenland, Norway and Spitsbergen.
Because they prefer water temperatures around the six degrees Celsius, they usually appear on the surface only in winter.
Researchers know little about the lifestyle of Greenland sharks.
Their tempo of time, when they took out six animals with a broadcaster in front of Spitsbergen.
Prey still make this sharks: in the stomach of an animal, researchers found the remains of a seal, another had swallowed the jaw bone of a young polar bear.
They may be hunting sleeping animals or patrolling at the bottom of the ice sea and looking for cadavers that torch down from higher water layers.
Julius Nielsen and his colleagues now investigated 28 Greenland sharks, which picked up fishermen between 2010 and 2013 in front of Greenland or Spitsbergen as a by-catch from the depth of the North Atlantic.
The smallest shark was just 81 centimetres long, while the largest 502 centimetres measured.
To determine the age of the animals, they analyzed the lens of the sharks with the carbon 14 method.
This centre of the eye lens is created even before the birth of the sharks, and the proteins contained therein will no longer be renewed.
The two smallest sharks had striking a lot of carbon 14 in the lens.
Their birth should therefore be after the early 1960 "s, when nuclear weapons experimented with larger quantities of this radioactive carbon into the atmosphere.
On the other hand, in the 220 -centimetre length of the third smallest animal, the lens contained a small surplus of carbon 14 from the nuclear weapons tests, so it was likely to have celebrated its 50th birthday in its 2012 investigation.
All larger Greenland sharks, however, had normal carbon 14 quantities in their lens, resulting in cosmic radiation in the atmosphere.
Indeed, the carbon 14 -clock for a 493 centimetre long Greenland hai showed an age of 335, while the record shark with 502 centimetres is expected to be even 392 years old.
That Greenland hai females only get offspring when they are longer than four metres was known.
Now the researchers of the length have been able to assign an age.
Since one of the animals with 392 centimetres was probably on the threshold of sexual maturity and his age was 156 years old, Greenland sharks, with the proliferation, can obviously be used for at least one and a half centuries.
This, too, is likely to be world record for vertebrae.
The fact that such methane alems live mainly in icy waters is not a coincidence.
Even the previous record holder, a 211-year-old Greenland whale in whose bacon at the neck was stuck a 120-year-old harbor tip, was caught in front of Alaska.
Due to low temperatures, the organism of the animals living there often runs on savings flame.
So they mature later - and ageing slower.
In addition, in order to keep warm in cold water, the animals are often particularly large.
Because the volume is growing much faster than its surface, by which the animal loses heat.
The heat loss of a gram mouse is therefore much larger than a gram elephant.
Another advantage: they have fewer enemies.
"A smaller animal thus lives more dangerously and should focus on having as many descendants as possible as early as possible," explains the evolutionary biologist Scheuerlein.
A very large animal, on the other hand, should invest its resources in a long life.
Building ground in double pack
With issues around construction, the local council has been focusing on the most recent meeting.
With relief, the body noted the communication from Mayor Robert Putz that "finally the marketing of the recently designated residential areas can begin."
After the plot, parenting and development issues have been clarified and applications for surveying could be made, the sale of the land in the residential areas "road" and "Schönau-West" (area Binderstraße - Exhibition section 1) is no longer in the way of interested parties.
The local council is convinced that the building areas in the rural and quiet residential community of Schönau are addressing young families and rugged seniors alike.
As it was said, from now on, builders can report themselves at the town hall, on the award of the parcels the local council is expected to advise in its September meeting.
In order to be able to comply with questions relating to the setting-up of other commercial enterprises, together with the creation of jobs, the local council decided to amend the land use plan, which was only re-established in the spring of this year, in sub-areas.
For example, in the area of subtime, the commercial area already designated there is extended by two parcels towards State Road 2112.
Frankfurt benefits from Brexit
The city on the Main, therefore, has the best chance of attracting jobs and companies relocated from London in the competition with Paris, Dublin and Luxembourg.
"It is very likely that Frankfurt will benefit most from the Brexit vote," says Michael Voigtländer, head of the IW's financial markets and real estate markets.
After the Brexit referendum, it is uncertain whether money houses may continue to operate from London from financial transactions across the EU.
As far as the so-called EU passport is concerned, they have so far been admitted to the UK.
This is just using big U.S. banks.
Several banks have already announced that they will relocate jobs.
The "Frankfurt Main Finance" lobby group expects 10,000 new jobs to be created within five years.
For Frankfurt, the IW says, the headquarters of the European Central Bank (ECB), which combines responsibility for monetary policy and supervision of the eurozone's largest banks, as well as other important authorities such as the European Insurance Supervisory Authority, EIOPA and the ESRB risk council.
In Paris, the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) has its headquarters, but it is less important for the financial sector than the ECB.
"Proximity to the central bank is important for banks, as they can communicate so directly with the oversight," says IMF Professor Voigtländer.
Although Luxembourg has a large fund industry, it is doing worse than Dublin in terms of infrastructure.
Frankfurt is much easier to reach thanks to the large airport.
The city also has easy access to commercial real estate.
"In Paris it is not so easy to find free high-quality offices," says Voigtländer.
At the Seine, rents for first-class commercial real estate are also 50% higher than on the Main.
In addition, Frankfurt offers a higher quality of life than the competition thanks to good medical care and infrastructure, as well as less crime.
In a ranking of the company's consultancy Mercer, the city is ranked 19 th, Luxembourg ranked 33 th, Dublin in 37th place and Paris in th place.
Even if quality of life is a matter of preference: "with its already strong position as a financial location for the European internal market, Frankfurt could attract further banks and investors," the IW concluded.
London, however, will remain the most important financial center in Europe despite Brexit vote, the economic researchers say.
For this, the balance of power also speaks: in London, according to figures from Landesbank Helaba, around 144,000 people worked in the banking sector at the end of 2015, in Frankfurt it was 62500.
Gilead receives legal costs from the hepatitis C patent dispute with Merck
A U.S. District Court judge ruled that Gilead Sciences Inc is entitled to the reimbursement of the legal costs incurred by her from the Hepatits C legal battle with the pharmaceutical company Merck & Co Inc.
In June, Gilead was freed from a $200 million damages payment for breaching two patents of Merck, which were in connection with the blockbuster drugs Sovaldi and Harvoni of Gilead, after an U.S. judge revealed a pattern of misconduct by Mercks, including the opinion of opinion and other unethical acts.
In charging the lawsuit on Thursday, U.S. District Judge Beth Labson Freeman said that Gilead is entitled to decree the costs incurred while defending the case.
Merck is trying to equalise with Gilead, which dominates the market of a new generation of hepatitis C drugs that can heal over 90 percent of patients with liver disease.
The case dates back to 2013, when Gilead and Merck sued each other and claimed property on laboratory work, which Sofosbuvir was based on, the active ingredient in Gilead's medications.
Troops backed by U.S.-backed troops say they have reclaimed full control of Manbij from Islamic State
Troops backed by the U.S.-backed troops have reclaimed full control of the northern city of Manbij near the Turkish border after the last ISIS fighters left in the city, a spokesman for the group said on Friday.
The Democratic Forces of Syria (DKS), after the excerpt of the remaining group of fighters who have buried within the city, are currently the city.
They have freed over 2,000 civilians held hostage by the militants, Sharfan Darwish of the Manbij Military Council allied with the DKS told Reuters.
"The city is now under complete control, but we are just carrying out clean-up work," he told Reuters.
Clintons earn 10.75 million in 2015 and pay 34.2% federal taxes
On Friday, Hillary Clinton released her tax return for 2015, which revealed for the Democrats "presidential candidate and her husband an income of USD 10.75 million and an effective federal tax rate of 34.2%.
In 2015, the Clintons donated $1 million for charitable purposes, mainly to the Clinton Foundation; former President Bill Clinton generated nearly $5.3 million in speech honors; the former Secretary of State gave an income of $3 million from the publisher Simon & Schuster for her book about her tenure in the foreign ministry.
Clinton's candidate for the vice presidency, Senator Tim Kaine from Virginia, along with his wife Anne Holton, is publishing his tax returns over the past decade.
They paid an effective federal tax rate of 20.3% in 2015.
"Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine continue to set standards in terms of financial transparency," Clinton's campaign aide Jennifer Palmieri announced in an opinion.
In a stark contrast, Donald Trump hides behind false excuses and retreats in relation to his previous promises to publish his tax returns.
It is common for U.S. presidential candidates to publish their tax returns, although they are not obliged to do so by law.
Trump, a New York businessman, and his lawyers have indicated a tax audit by tax authorities as a reason for his refusal.
"They are on the train," Clinton campaign aide Ian Sams wrote on Twitter, referring to the release of the Democrats "presidential candidate.
On Thursday, Michael Cohen, Trump's special adviser, said to CNN that he would not allow Trump to publish anything before the tax exams are not completed.
Trump's critics, including the 2012 Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney, have already made it clear that his refusal raises questions about wealth, his donations for charitable organizations, his business conduct, and various other connections, particularly with Russia.
Clinton has already rushed to the issue and released a video on the internet on Friday in which high-ranking Republican Trump is calling for his tax return to be published.
On Thursday, she also addressed the issue during a speech on the economy in Michigan.
"He refuses to do what every other presidential candidate has done in recent decades and to publish his tax returns." She said to the crowd.
Politico has reported that Trump paid no or very little tax during the 1990 s for two years, and a New York Times economic journalist quoted a number of tax lawyers and tax advisers on Friday saying that that could still be the case.
Federal taxes have become an issue in the election campaign.
Clinton supports a scheme named after the billionaire and investor Warren Buffett, who would make sure people pay the more than USD 1 million a tax rate of at least 30%.
President Obama also supports the proposal.
During a campaign event for Hillary Clinton last week in Omaha, Nebraska, Buffett, whose Berkshire Hathaway industrial conglomerate here has his seat, called for Trump to a meeting to exchange their tax returns.
Buffett said he had also undergone a tax review of the IRS and Trump had "fear" in front of voters and not in front of the tax authorities.
Clinton's campaign has released tax returns back to 2007.
The Clintons, now living in Chappaqua, New York, paid an effective federal tax rate of about 32% between the years 2007 to 2014 and an effective combined tax rate of about 40.5%.
The Clintons "tax return of 2015 showed that these only amounted to USD 100 of their income as a wage, unlike most of the Americans.
Their main asset was a low-cost index fund, from which Clinton's dividends and earnings of USD 109,000 were taxed.
With contributions from Kevin Drawbaugh; edited by Jonathan Otis
Condoms with chilipuders, fireworks promote Tanzania's elephant protection
Naturalists in Tanzania use an unorthodox way to stop elephants from going in man-made settlements - they throw condoms on them filled with chilipuders.
The method has proved effective and the Honeyguide Foundation, which already had the idea to do so years ago, has stepped up its promotion, along with U.S. nature conservation, by training volunteers in villages in northern Tanzania to use a non-violent four -step method to protect their homes and harvests without hurting animals.
Previously, many spears used to defend themselves.
Friday is World Telephone Day dedicated to animal welfare.
"Since we developed this... Toolkit, we have been able to observe a change in their attitudes within these communities, and they are much more confident that they can hold the elephants off their fields without hurting the elephant," the CEO of Honeyguide Damian Bell said in a communication.
The first two steps include the lighting of the elephant with a torch and the blaze into a horn.
If he is not deterred, a so-called "chili cloud" is thrown.
Chilipuder mixed with earth is packed together with a fireworks body into a condom, the end of which is turned up to the ignition.
When it is ignited, the condom bursts with a bang and sprays fine dust to chilipuder into the air.
A hint quite usually already already out to jail the elephant.
One last possibility is an advertiser who shoots a golden fireworks in the air, causing a loud, bright explosion.
Councillor decides unanimously: no Kioskneubau at St Goarer Rhine Rhine
Normally, the St. Goarer investment projects by tradesmen with Kusshand are taking place - in particular, the retail trade in the core city is considered to be significant.
However, the city council now unanimously rejected the request for the new construction of a sales skip on the Rhine bank in the immediate vicinity of the Rhine Balcons under construction.
"In principle, we welcome new tradesmen, but at this location in exposed location on the Rhine bank, this kiosk does not fit," said Michael Hubrath for the CDU Group.
Jewish director shatters Berlin hotel because Israeli preselection was removed after "Arab" call - RT News
A French director with Jewish roots unleashed a media uproar after he had betrayed that the Kempinski Bristol Hotel in Berlin did not list Israeli preselection as it had "requested" Arab guests, according to an employee.
Claude Lanzmann, author of the Holocaust documentary "Shoah" left his anger at the Kempinski Bristol Hotel in Berlin by writing an open letter to the German newspaper FAZ.
During his last stay, Lanzmann tried to find Israel on the hotel's list of countries.
However, the country was not listed among the countries that can be called directly from the hotel room.
How is it possible in 2016 in Berlin, the capital of the new Germany, that Israel was eliminated and deleted?
Wrote Lanzmann.
Instead, the Kempinksi Bristol offers a way to select Israel via its own call center.
According to a statement, the director turned to the hotel reception.
The answer he received there, "shocked him," as Lanzmann wrote.
The hotel employee said that the measure was a "deliberate decision of the management of Kempinski hotels."
The reason behind it was even more rage in the director.
"Most of our guests are Arabs and they have demanded that the preselection be deleted," the Lanzmann employee was quoted as saying.
The Israeli Ambassador to Germany Yakov Hadas-Handelsman called this a "great shame," the Süddeutsche Zeitung reports.
We were appalled and dismayed by this event.
This is really very shameful.
The fact that this has taken place in Germany in this very hotel chain is even more disgraceful.
This does not require any explanation.
We expect the hotel to "draw the right conclusions," the official said.
The incident triggered a pretty big resonance on the internet where people called the whole thing a scandal.
Some subjected the Kempinski Hotel to the alleged demands of Arab guests.
"Shame you," said another post stating that the hotel, located on the noble Kurfürstendamm, is close to a synagogue.
The hotel quickly dismissed all the accusations of itself and called the incident a "provided" and "apologised" at Lanzmann, reports The Mirror.
"There was never a direct instruction" not to include Israel in the fast-track list, "the Süddeutsche Zeitung quoted a spokesman for the Kempinski Hotel.
It adds that the country preselection has now been added.
Police set up tear gas & rubber shells against protesting Brazilian students
Students joined the police in the Brazilian city of Sao Paulo on Thursday when they gathered to demonstrate against the government's reforms for the public education system.
Police set up tear gas and rubber shells against the protesters.
The difficulties began when police officers tried to drive the students apart, resulting in the police deploying rubber shells and tear gas.
Several hundred students took part in the demonstrations to express their dismay over the plans.
According to proposals from the governor of the state of Sao Paulo Geraldo Alckmin, a little less than 100 public schools will be closed, while 300,000 students will be implemented to save money.
Some of the protest participants looked at graffiti against the provisional president, Michel Temer, on walls.
The latest protests took place a few days after protesters took to the streets in masses to support suspended President Dilma Rousseff, who had been unveiled by a vote of the Senate to her defiance from office.
Trade between Russia & Iran suddenly rises to 71% - RT Business
With the lifting of sanctions, according to the Russian ambassador to Iran, Levan Dzhagaryan, the trade turnover between Moscow and Tehran grew by 70.9 percent year-on-year.
Since international sanctions on Iran were lifted, interest on the part of Russian companies in shops in the country grew sharply, the ambassador said.
Russian companies are taking up existing links with Iran, while new firms are willing to gain access to the market.
Of course, further trade expansion is one of the main priorities of bilateral cooperation with Iran, "said Dzhagaryan.
He noted that trading turnover between Russia and Iran increased by 70.9% in the first five months of 2016 compared with the same period in 2015, and was $856 million.
In particular, Russian imports into Iran rose by 91.5%, and $697 million.
Russian imports from Iran increased by 16% to $158 million.
The trade recovery has been achieved by supplies of machines, land vehicles and weapons, "the ambassador said.
Dzhagaryan goes from a record number of Iranian tourists in Russia for this year.
Last year, Russian foreign representation issued about 35,000 visas, primarily rice evisas, to Iranian citizens.
Moreover, Iran reached the top 20 countries in terms of the number of tourists in Russia.
You could say that record numbers of Iranian tourists in Russia are being broken last year, "he said.
At the same time, only relatively few Russians visit Iran, something the ambassador hopes will change.
"I personally can recommend visiting the cities of Isfahan, Shiraz and Yazd, who have received monuments of ancient Persian civilisation in a good state," he said.
Witnesses sought: beverage market covered in forest fires
A robbery was carried out on Thursday night on the beverage market of Rewe XXL at the Waldbröler Gerberstraße.
Under the aegis of a firearm, three darkly dressed people who had muzzled their faces were asked by the employee of the beverage market to release cash and then first flew on foot and then presumably with a silver-coloured VW golf.
How much money has been exploited does not divide the police.
The perpetrators should have been between 1.60 and 1.70 metres in size, so relatively small.
The beverage market is directly accessible from the parking deck of the Rewe-Market.
After the assault, the perpetrators must be in the direction of Gerberstraße, Friedrich-Engelbert-Way, and be flushed by the Scots car park with the silver-coloured car, possibly in the direction of B 256 (Schladernring).
Anyone who has made observations in connection with the robbery at the time of the attack (at 19,45 p.m.) is to report to the police as a matter of urgency.
Nagold: game and fun at summer free time
Eight beautiful and frosty days spent the children and adolescents of the social pedagogical day group / social group work of the Nagold child protection body with their caregivers on their summer free time in Nussdorf, near Mühlacker.
In the quietly located Freizeitheim Hardtwodle, the life-pleasing group was invaded during the first week of school.
Several full-day trips were on the programme.
On the one hand, it went after bail with the visit of the string zoo.
On the other hand to Maulbronn, where there was a special children's tour in the world-famous monastery.
The third trip led to Pforzheim.
At the Keltenmuseum in Hochdorf, the group learned a lot about the everyday life and food of the Celts.
On the hot days, the group at the Lower Lake in Maulbronn, which invited to jump, swim and plane.
Children and caregivers have been pampered with their own pastries, such as the Sauren Spittle, the Seebronner Pfännle, Iselshauser-Bloff, the English-Breakfast and Tübinger Bolognese.
In workshops it was built, beautiful jewelry pieces made of pearls and stones or made from wood a Roman mill game.
Other highlights of the spare time were the fishing in a nearby pond, the evenings on fire and the final "colourful evening."
On the day of the home trip, the sun and the children and adolescents laughed satisfied.
Haigerloch: pilgrims to the gate of mercy
The ministrants from the Eyachtal-Haigerloch St. Anna were travelling on a four-day pilgrimage from Villingen to Freiburg.
Together, four stages have been managed.
In order to bridge the time until the next romance of all the ministries in two years "time, the St. Anna Supreme Council has decided to prepare and carry out a multi-day pilgrimage.
Various pilgrimage destinations were examined and the Bishop city of Freiburg was finally decided, where this year, during the Holy Year of Mercy, a special pilgrimage destination was offered with the gate of mercy at the Freiburg Munster.
16 minis from Bittelbronn, Gruol, Haigerloch and Heiligenzimmern were on the way.
In the evening before, pastor Storost sent the pilgrims out in a small celebration in St. Anna, blessed the pilgrimage crosses and issued the pilgrimage.
From Horb, it was taken by train to the starting point of Villingen, where a Munster of Our Lady is also a woman and so the pilgrimage was joined by the Munster.
The individual day tours have been surrounded by a short impulse in the morning and in the evening, with different prayers, songs and texts.
But even on the way, the minis at field crosses, chapels or churches repeatedly made roast to sing together a song from specially assembled pilgrimage lyrics.
For the overnight stays, the parish homes of the local parishes were available.
At the stages, Alexandra Burkhardt and Heidi Faller provided a tasty as well as strong dinner and breakfast.
On the second day, we went through Furtwangen to Gütenbach.
Day after day, the stage to St. Peter, which was the most strenuous route, had to climb around 500 meters of altitude in the wake of a sluggish heat.
The earned reward was a common barbecue at the Badweiher in the evening.
After the morning impulse on the fourth pilgrimage day in the imposing monastery church of St. Peter, it went to the final stage to Freiburg.
Visibly relieved and happy, the Minis met at the Freiburg Münster later in the afternoon and passed through the gate of mercy.
With a little impulse, God was thanked here.
In the evening fair in the Münster, the minis arrived at the Pilgrim target were greeted by collaborator Markus Obert.
After the service, the pilgrims were able to visit the sacristy and the high altar.
The next day was still time for the Breisgaumetropole.
In the afternoon it went back to Horb by train.
In the end, all participants agreed that the days were marked by spirituality and a strong community experience.
Scots Callum Skinner storms home when Briton erects gold for cycling
Scotland's Callum Skinner raced last night in the men's team-sprint in the Velodrom in Rio to fame when the British team defended the title of London 2012.
The 23-year-old from Glasgow took the anchor role that his fellow countryman, Sir Chris Hoy, had embraced, making the legend proud when he stumbled home to win a victory from New Zealand's favourites.
England claimed a shocking victory four years ago, while Hoy picked up the fifth of six Olympics medals.
They repeated the trick after they picked up only a modest sixth place in March at the rail world championships in London despite the resignation of Hoys.
The problem between Beijing and London was the replacement of the driver, Jamie Staff.
They did so in time as Hindes appeared.
Hoy's retirement produced a gap that Kian Emadi and Matt Crampton tried to close.
Skinner was the man they stayed at when they saw potential in the Scot, which has now unfolded.
Hindes, Kenny - who sided with Hoy four years ago - and skinners set an Olympics record in the qualifying rounds, but in the standard rounds, the New Zealanders won in the first round.
And the British trio won the duel with gold.
Hindes was barely back after his round, but Kenny brought the team forward and Skinner held it.
A change of strategy made up a large part of the transformation, at which Hindes drove in a higher gear to slow him down and allow Kenny and especially Skinner to keep the pace.
Hoy looked from his position as a BBC expert and dropped skinner, Kenny and Hindes as they rose to the podium.
The 23-year-old skinner from Glasgow said: "it's a flattering comparison."
I'm just here to do my best and make me a name.
We set up an Olympic record in the end and defeated the world champions.
It was just unbelievable.
There is no better way to win this.
After the 2012 triumph at the Kenny and Hoys side, Hindes admitted that he deliberately fell on the railways after a weak start.
He later withdrew that statement and there was no objection from England's rivals.
With such a surprising victory, this time there was no such problem.
Hindes said: "it feels with all the GB flags in the gallery like London."
We've come together as a team in the last three months.
We got away so badly with so many world titles that it was incredible to win back at the Olympics.
This is an event, a gold medal for the nation, which has won seven of 10 titles in both Beijing and London.
If this is a barometer of our progress over the last five months, that expects us to be successful five days in the Velodrom.
With the form Kenny, it is in the area of the possible that he repeats Hoy's victory of three Olympic gold medals in a contest.
That would be for Kenny - who is exactly 12 years younger than Hoy, who was also born on 23 March (an apparently sacred date for British sport; on the day also Steve Redgrave, Mo Farah and Roger Bannister were born) - a yield of six gold medals and a silver medal.
That would be the same as that of Hoy.
Kenny takes part next in the sprint, which starts today and will go over three days.
The 28-year-old from Bolton said: "I'm just enjoying this for the moment."
The team event is always best.
You can win it with his colleagues.
It feels somewhat lonely to win alone.
Hindes said: "if he wins two more gold medals, he should be beaten to the knighthood."
It was the day's only medal contest, but there was further good news for England.
Sir Bradly Wiggins, Ed Clancy, Steven Burke and Owain Doull qualified with the fastest performance in the four -four -kilometre race.
They arrived at the goal in 3:51.942.
The world record, which won gold in London in 2012, was at 3:51.659.
The first and final round (22,42) will take place today on the second day of the contest, where Wiggins will certainly be in focus.
He had stepped in yesterday with Officers before qualifying when officials called for him to measure his body size.
In the appropriate women's competition, which will continue and end tomorrow, Laura Trott, Joanna Rowsell Shand, Elinor Barker and Katie Archibald of Milngavie in world record time in 4:13.260.
The GB team is relying on its strong rail team to dominate the middle period of the Olympics and pick up a shar of medals.
After a truly extraordinary portrayal of absolute dominance in Beijing and London, expectations for Rio were downgraded.
It played off dramas in the background, according to the resignation of technical head Shane Sutton in April amid sexism and mobbing allegations as well as the retirement of sizes such as Hoy and Victoria Pendleton.
However, if you look at the first evening of the competition in the Velodrom, it looks as if the now legendary reputation of GBs, which has reached its peak at the perfect moment, could be repeated again.
Future of Portland's meltdown due to lifting of energy
The future of Portland's aluminium meltdown in Victoria - as well as hundreds of workers "jobs - are at stake, as the plant operator will terminate the energy supply contract, thereby lifting all supply contracts, as the delivering energy company announced.
This move followed the government's decision in Victoria earlier this year not to award any further subsidies to operate the plant.
A subsidy set for 20 years expires in November.
Up to 2000 jobs at Alcoa's plant in Portland are at stake.
No less than 2000 jobs - direct and indirect - could be at risk of closure.
In addition, it could come to domino effects, as the meltdown consumes about 10 percent of the total electricity generation Victorias consumed.
In 2014, Alcoa closed the Point Henry Schmelzerei, which led to a closure of the Anglesea power plant last year.
Alcoa's meltdown in Portland is losing money and risking a closure.
This move follows years of speculation about the future of the plant, originally as a result of the strong Australian dollar and, most recently, due to the electricity price for the plant.
AGL, which supplies the large aluminum meltdown with its Loy Yang A power plant in Latrobe Valley, announced that it expects three other owners to cancel their contracts.
The plant is in the majority possession of a joint venture of Alcoa and Alumina, of which the Chinese company CITIC and the Japanese Marubeni Corp hold smaller shares.
"AGL assumes that the plant will continue to operate in Portland, which means further physical demand for electricity through the meltdown," the company said.
AGL also said the contracts were so-called "back-up deals" that should have come into effect from November 2016.
The contracts have a 12-month notice period so they will end in 2017.
"Therefore AGL assumes that the contracts will contribute to revenue in the 17 financial year," the electricity supplier said.
All potential impacts on revenue on AGL from GJ 18 are currently limited by the forecasts of strong futures markets for wholesale electricity prices.
AGL announced that it had already written off the value of the contracts in its $187 million annual report in "expectation of a termination."
Alcoa said that the decision to book the contracts, the "ability of Alcoas... To operate the meltdown or to ensure the power supply to the meltdown" does not impair.
The U.S. company said it had completed a 20 -year contract with Loy Yang in 2010, which should have come into effect from November this year, even if it is still guilty of a statement as to why it resigned from the contract.
Analysts warn of the industry's poor economic conditions ahead of the possible closure of the Portland meltdown in Victoria and the Tomago plant near Newcastle.
In reference to the analysts "statements earlier this week, the Head of Operations Stephen Mikkelsen said that Portland consumed around 600 megawatts and Tomago about 900 megawatts of electricity each year.
Should both plants disappear from the market, that would mean a significant reduction in demand in the [electricity market].
And for us as electricity producers, that would not be good, "he said.
More than just a Kardashian reality TV star, Kendall is on the cover of the September edition of Vogue
Kendall Jenner, 20, model and fourth daughter of the manager and mother of the Kardashian-Jenner Clans Kris is on the cover of the coveted September edition of U.S. Vogue.
Kendall, who is a brand ambassador of Estee Lauder and ran to Fashion Weeks in Milan, Paris and New York, announced the news on her Instagram account on Thursday.
"In a room full of people I love, the sight of this cover brought me to the wine," Kendall wrote.
The cover's revelation followed a bizarre (or simply Keeping Up with the Kardashians similar?), scripted reality video showing the entire Kardashian-Jenner family (except the problem cases Rob and Caitlyn, as well as in the presence of the most popular showbiz uncle and producer of Keeping Up Ryan Seacrest), as they forget the cover of their sister and that ends with a classic turn: they have all planned a surprise party.
This represents the cliched action of almost every birthday episode of a child's broadcast (Seacrest brought the phrase, "you thought that we would have forgotten you?," with the honesty of a cartoon canine on a transmitter at 8 in the morning), but Kris had to let her other girls take part in this publicity somehow.
With regard to the September edition of Vogue, a new era of the Kardashians has certainly begun.
Kendall's big sister Kim may have beaten her as far as the Vogue-cover is concerned (she and her husband Kanye West were seen on it in April 2014), but the cover of the September edition of the magazine is a league for itself.
The September edition is the most sold edition of the year for Vogue.
With an amount that resembles an image band rather than a fashion magazine, the output attracts a large number of advertisers (Laut Fashionista was of the 832 pages of the roller 615 pages advertising).
The revelation of his cover star is so eagerly awaited that in the past two years images of the magazine have been sickened even before the official announcement.
Women who were already on the cover include Naomi Campbell, Linda Evangelista and Kate Moss.
In recent years, there have clearly been more "celebrities who are modeling" than "models, the celebrities are" on the cover.
Oscar winner and dior brand ambassador Jennifer Lawrence was on the cover in 2013, a year after Lady Gaga had the honor.
But even with the low chance that Mrs Jenner - described by the magazine as the "breakthrough model" of her generation - falls under the previous category, she is in good company.
These celebrities are not related to famous people or reality stars or youngsters of today who know how to turn a good Snapchat video (even if it's all on Jenner).
They are really talented women who are distinguished in the entertainment industry.
Beyonce, who appeared on the last cover, had one of the most successful years of her career with the release of Lemonade.
Of course, Jenner's success doesn't like everyone.
With her reality TV story, Jenner's position in the fashion world was always somewhat tense.
In June, the former Victoria's Secret model Stephanie Seymour Jenner and her colleague Gigi Hadid criticized them and called them "the mistes of the moment."
Those feelings boiled again high when the news came out with the appearance of Jenner on the Vogue cover.
But the point seems to be on the point of displeasure.
Kendall Jenner is on the cover of the September edition of Vogue.
She is in the truest sense of the word a supermodel.
She runs for Marc Jacobs.
It makes advertisements for your grunting of Estee Lauder.
She and all her sisters sell you pictures of yourself on their respective paywall-apps.
She sells from her made pictures of Cindy Crawford's daughter to the journal LOVE.
And in her spare time she is seen in Reality TV, probably only to see her sister Kourtney and her children.
Municipal centres have 160,000 people each year
More than 160,000 of the country's aid figures are dismissed annually by the municipal centres, while the industry is looking at the impact of further cuts on already overburdened transactions.
In Queensland, three out of five people - mostly elderly people, immigrants, vulnerable workers, victims of violence and those who have no funds for unjust delusions and similar - are dismissed in their request for free legal advice and legal assistance.
Legal services of the community, which are already overly exploited, are ready for further cuts.
From June next year, it is envisaged that these legal centres will lose another 30% of their federal funds.
The director of community law centres of Queesland James Farrell said the last survey of the National Association of Community Law Centres revealed that thousands of people are already being dismissed every year.
Farrell said the situation would only get worse without a repeal of the federal government's decision.
"Queensland's municipal centres are chronically underfunded, which means that thousands of people are dismissed from important services you need," he said.
People who leave violent relationships, people with unmanageable and crushing debt, families who go through separations, workers who have been unfairly sacked - all these people have problems of a legal nature and this survey shows that they cannot get the help they need.
The federal government will cut funds by 30 percent from June 2017, meaning thousands of more vulnerable people from Queensland will be forced to cope with their legal problems without any help.
We call on the General Public Prosecutor and Federal Justice Minister and Senators of Queensland George Brandis to lift these cuts immediately so that people can get the help they need in legal problems.
Last year, the state government fulfilled its pledge to raise funds for legal aid to the national average.
It is now time to look at the needs of the municipal centres and their customer communities, and that the Palaszczuk government is investing in this important work.
Donald Trump election campaign indicted after staff allegedly pulled weapon
New York: Donald Trump's campaign has been charged with alleged inaction after it was announced that her campaign manager for North Carolina had directed a firearm on an employee in February while travelling in a jeep in February.
The incident is described in an indictment filed on Wednesday in Charlotte's National Court by Vincent Bordini, a former software programmer for the campaign in this state.
Bordini admitted to having waited for months that the matter would be settled internally before he realised that "this would not happen."
The campaign manager, Earl Philip, "drew a gun, put his right pointer on the deduction, and rammed the run in Vincents Kneekehle," Bordini admitted in his charge.
After complaining at the local and regional campaign management, Bordini noted that at least four other people had already made the same experience with Phillip, he admitted in the indictment.
"Weapons do not need to be fired to cause damage," Bordini said.
The indictment comes just two days after the Republican presidential candidate sparked an uproar when he told a crowd in North Carolina that the "second Amendment people" - firearms owners and gun enthusiasts - should take action if his rival Hillary Clinton is elected and appointed judges.
Trump's campaign made it clear that the media had ripped his words out of context and that he would not incite violence.
Bordinis' complaint requires damages from the campaign for the breach of due diligence and from Philip for injury and lasting mental damage.
Trump's press secretary, Hope Hicks, was not to be reached for an opinion.
Attempts to contact Philip also failed.
WCCB, a local news channel in Charlotte, reports that Phillip is no longer a member of the campaign.
On calls at his consulting firm, Innovative Consulting Services, was not reacted.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has run a controversial campaign so far.
The procedure is Bordini v. Donald J. Trump For President Inc., 16 -CS- 14300, Supreme Court, County of Mecklenburg (Charlotte).
Berlin / Schwerin: poll before country elections: SPD and CDU lose
In the upcoming elections in the federal states of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern (4 September) and Berlin (18 September), there are significant losses for the government parties SPD and CDU.
This resulted in representative surveys of the INSA opinion research institute for the "picture" newspaper (Friday).
While the red-black government coalition in the north could barely continue to govern, this is not possible after the survey values in Berlin.
In both federal states, however, the SPD would be the strongest party and would have a good chance of continuing to put the head of government.
In Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, the SPD plunged from 35.6 percent five years ago to 24 percent.
The party, according to the survey, would only be just ahead of the CDU, which could come back to 23 percent.
The third place is controversial between the left and the AfD.
The left would be 19 percent (previously 18.4 per cent), the AfD would be represented at 19 percent for the first time in the country's day.
The Greens are reluctant to return to the heavyweight Landtag, despite slight losses at 6 percent (previously 8.7 per cent).
NPD and FDP would not be represented in the Landtag with 3 percent each.
According to the Berlin Chamber of Deputies, the SPD would only be 23% (election 2011:28.3%).
The CDU only reached 18 percent after 23.4 percent.
It would still be behind the Greens at 19 percent (2011:17.6 per cent), but before the left with 15 percent (previously 11.7 per cent).
The AfD would be represented at 14% for the first time in the House of Deputies.
With 5 percent, the FDP could hope for a return, but the pirates would miss the entry, as opposed to 2011.
Nokia 9000 Communicator: the first smartphone
Email and Internet in slow motion: 20 years ago the Nokia Communicator came to the market.
The successors today dominate the world - its manufacturer experienced a disaster.
The device weighed nearly half a kilogram and was more than four times as heavy as an iPhone 5.
It was thicker and bigger, so it was not good either.
On the contrary, it was pretty kloy.
The built-in memory initially averaged eight megabytes, which would today be enough for roughly two selfies with high resolution.
An iPhone is now delivered with at least 16 gigabytes.
The "Nokia 9000 Communicator" came to the shops exactly 20 years ago, on August 15, 1996 - and it was the first smartphone.
For a few€, lovers can still buy the devices on the internet, but they somehow come from the Stone Age of the Internet age.
20 years ago, however, the Communicator was a sensation.
The Finnish mobile phone manufacturer had announced the product a few months earlier at the computer fair Cebit in Hanover as a "office in the West End format."
In fact, the new mobile phone could be a lot for then: SMS and emails could be sent and received, even by fax was the Communicator to reach.
Even access to websites was possible via HTML browser, albeit slowly slowly.
A calculator was available, a digital address book and an electronic calendar.
There was a small antenna, and the mobile phone could be folded up similar to a laptop.
Then found a small keyboard and a black-and-white screen.
Quite proud was the price: 2700 D-mark, that is, about €1400.
The average selling price of a smartphone in Germany was €392 in 2015.
No one was able to guess in August 1996 that the Communicator would become the beginning of the smartphone era.
Since then, everything has been different.
The smart phones are a success story, though not for Nokia.
The Finns "mobile phone division experienced an unprecedented disaster, was eventually sold to Microsoft and wrapped up.
Today, the market dominates the market, all of which came much later than Nokia.
Always and everywhere online, this is today for a lot of people everyday.
In 2015, there were nearly two billion smartphone users worldwide.
Some 1.4 billion devices have been sold, and Samsung and Apple alone account for 555 million pieces.
Global sales with the equipment are around €400 billion.
On top of that, the well running business of the countless app providers and the telecoms corporations.
Around the smartphone, a whole industry has now emerged.
The crucial breakthrough to the mass market came only in early 2007, at the time Apple CEO Steve Jobs announced on the Mac-World the introduction of the iPhones.
He promised three devices in one: a music player, a phone and an internet communicator, easy to use all by touch screen.
Apple's victory move began, still today the iPhone is the corporation's most important product.
Nokia, Motorola and Blackberry, who dominated the market, had the aftermath.
They eventually disappeared, Blackberry has struggled.
The saga now has Apple and Asian suppliers like Samsung.
The smartphone is a matter of course 20 years after its invention.
On average, every German now looks at his mobile phone 88 times a day.
"We must all learn to put the smartphone away," said Janina Kugel, in the Siemens Board of Human Resources.
Permanent accessibility is now considered a curse and blessing at the same time.
England must steer the Olympic spirit and expand Heathrow
Heathrow will bring renewal and prosperity not only in our local communities and across London, but across the country.
For me, this represented the biggest attraction of Heathrows, just as then in 2012 in London, when we operated a great effort to ensure that all our nations and regions benefited from the games.
The Olympics brought great benefits to Stratford and the East End.
And that will be achieved again by creating new opportunities for local residents and firms near Heathrow.
For our local communities, we alone will create 10,000 new apprenticeships, 40,000 new jobs and put an end to youth unemployment in the airport environment.
Just as they were ahead of us in London in 2012, there will be those who will think that the challenge of expanding Heathrows is too big.
I was told that England will never be ready for the games and that we will be blaming on the world stage.
The doubters had 2012 wrongs and they will also be wrong at Heathrow.
There are always obstacles to overcoming, but Heathrow answers every question put to him.
Like the Olympics, Heathrow is for many and not for individual an infrastructure project.
Enlargement is a way to create up to 180,000 new jobs, £211 billion in wide-ranging growth and leave a legacy of skills and employment both around the airport and in the whole of GB.
We have a great team at Heathrow, which has implemented a £11 billion infrastructure investment program in time and budget, from the T5 - which was chosen five years in a row to the world's best airport terminal, up to the T2, which was built amid the world's two most frequented runways.
Now they are ready to deliver a third runway, which is supported by £16 billion in private investment.
The London Games of 2012 were a great success for GB and I am confident that Heathrow's expansion will also be one.
It is time we steered this Olympic spirit and expanded Heathrow, securing our future trade and creating a legacy of skills and employment that England can be proud of.
Lord Paul Dwarton is chairman of the Heathrow Boards and former Commercial Secretary to the Treasury
Adblock Plus, Facebook in "cat and Mouse Game" on ad blocking
For companies that earn money with online advertising, according to one of the software manufacturers, attempts are made to bypass ad blocking, a "cat and mouse game."
On Thursday, just two days after Facebook announced that it would block display blockages on its desktop side, Adblock Plus released a blog post saying that users could update their filters in the program to again block advertising on the social network.
On Tuesday, Facebook announced that its desktop side would change the encoding with regard to its advertisements to make it more difficult to detect the detection of which part of the page advertising is.
But Adblock announced that it has found a new way to bypass the new codes.
In a blogpost, Adblock Ben Williams' spokesman wrote that "this kind of Hin-and-Her-fight between the ad blocking open source community and the bypasses has already been under way since the invention of display blockers," and that it is possible that Facebook will soon come with a new solution.
The fact that the world's largest company has entered the fight for social media is a strong indication of how worrying ad blockers have become for the industry.
Around the world, according to a study published last year by Pagefair and Adobe, about 200 million people use display blockers; nearly four times as much in 2013.
With 1.03 billion daily active users accessing Facebook via their mobile devices, mobile advertising makes up 84 percent of advertising revenue Facebooks.
The company has it on display blockers on desktop PCs, as mobile ad blockers have no effect on Facebook's mobile app for the social network and Instagram, a spokesman said.
Advertising on Desktop PCs accounts for a sufficiently large proportion of revenue, so that Facebook appears to be rewarding the investment of such a step.
On Tuesday, Facebook announced that it would update its "ad preference" tool to have people more control over advertising aimed at them.
On Thursday, Facebook claimed that adblock new filters would be worrying because they would also block content on the page that is not advertising.
"This is not a positive experience for users, so we plan to address the problem," a spokesman for Facebook said in an email message.
Ad blockers are a stump means, which is why we have instead focused on developer tools like Ad Preferences to put more control in people's hands.
Woman in suspected suicide on Swiss highway
The victim was in the middle of the night on the highway.
Police are calling on witnesses after a woman was overturned in the early hours of Thursday in a suspected suicide of several vehicles on a highway.
The incident occurred on the A1 near Morges in the Canton of Vaud just after midnight.
A woman put herself in the dark "in an act of despair" and was hit by several cars, police said in Vaud.
It is obvious that a Swiss at the age of 49, who was overrun by several vehicles, including a truck, wanted to kill himself.
She still died on the ground.
Several drivers have already been heard, but some have still not been identified, the police said, urging these as well as any witnesses to the incident to sign up.
An investigation has been opened, which is a "logical" step in such a situation, Gilles Hofstetter told the Le Tribune de Geneve.
However, it remains to be seen whether one of the drivers will be displayed.
Was a collision avoidable?
This is something the prosecutor has to decide, "said Hofstetter.
Two similar cases over the past five years show that drivers are not being held accountable.
In each of the two cases - where a person ran in the dark on the highway - it was decided that motorists would not have to assume that a pedestrian was running on the highway in the middle of the night, as was said in the newspaper.
Last year a policeman was acquitted of negligent killing after she had overrun and killed a man who was on the A1 near Payerne in August 2014.
The 22-year-old victim had been drinking and has become unconscious on the street, the court heard.
The court found that the policeman -- who had replied to an emergency call -- drove in a justified way and that the presence of a man on the street was a "completely extraordinary and unpredictable situation," the judge said.
Anyone who has more information on Thursday's incident near Morges should contact police at number 021.644 83 46 or 021.644 44 44.
NASA climate model: Venus was once habitable
According to the projections of a new NASA climate model, Venus was probably once habitable.
Scientists at NASA's Goddard Institute for Space Studies developed a model to discover the past of Venus using tools and algorithms similar to those of climate researchers.
The model was designed to determine whether the Venus, with its hot, waterless surface and CO2 dense atmosphere, could once have shown erratic conditions.
Scientists have previously hinted that the slow revolt of Venus could be explained by their dense atmosphere.
But the latest simulation suggests that Venus may have had a thin, erratic atmosphere and yet slowly turned on.
The model also lit up the topography of early Venus.
The planet probably dismissed more dry areas than de Earth, but once had enough water and geographic variability to house life and protected from rapid evaporation.
The early Venus also benefited from a sun that was 30 percent matter.
"In the GISS model simulation, the slow revolt of Venus exposed its daily side of the sun for almost two months," said GISS scientist Anthony Del Genio in a press release.
This warms the surface and produces rain that creates a thick layer of clouds, which acts like an umbrella to shield the surface from much of the sun's heat.
The result is average temperatures, which are some degrees cooler than that of Earth today.
The model brought forth a history of Venus similar to the evolution that was previously believed by planetary researchers.
Although it was once presumably habitable, the Venus -- over the course of several billion years -- was exposed to too much heat and ultraviolet light.
Their oceans darkened and their water vapour was burned away from the ultraviolet light.
As their hydrogen escaped only a thick atmosphere of carbon dioxide with a lethal greenhouse effect -- the Venus, which as we know it today.
The researchers shared the results of their new Venus climate model in the Geophysical Research Letters.
Patrick Roy resigns as coach of the Avalanche
Patrick Roy resigned as coach and vice president Of Hockey Operations of the Colorado Avalanche on Thursday, leading to too little co-determination in the team's decision-making process.
Alternative President / General Manager of Colorados Joe Sakic confirmed this decision and noted that the club will immediately search for a new coach.
"Over the last three years, I have fulfilled my duties as chief trainer and Vice President Of Hockey Operations of the Colorado Avalanche with energy, passion and determination," said the 50-year-old Roy in an opinion.
I've been thinking long and much over the summer about how I could improve this team to give it more depth, this needed it and bring it to a higher level.
To achieve this, the vision of the coach and Vice President Of Hockey Operations must be perfectly matched to that of the organization.
He must also have a right of co-determination in decisions that affect the team's performance.
These conditions are not being met at the moment.
Sakic, who had recruited Roy on May 23, 2013, thanked him for his contributions to the team.
"Patrick informed me of this decision today," said Sakic.
We all appreciate what he has done for our organisation and wish him only the best for the future.
Roy was honored during his debut season at the Avalanches 2013 - 14 as the winner of the Jack Adams Awards as the league's best coach.
He led the club to 112 points and in first place in the Central Vision, but Colorado was beaten in the first round of Minnesota's playoffs and missed the postseason in each of the last two years.
The Avalanches recorded a 39 - 39 - 4 mark in the 2015 - 16 season and fell behind the Wild for a second wildcard spot in the Western Conference by five points.
As Hall of Fame goalkeeper Roy won four Stanley Cups -- two pieces with the Montreal Canadiens and the Avalanche.
North East oil workers take talks again, set off strike
Labor struggles with regard to pay for North Sea oil workers will be suspended, while all the parties to the dispute will get to the table for a new round of talks, negotiators said.
Strikes against the oilfield service provider Wood Group have been carried out sporadically on platforms in the North Sea operated by Royal Dutch Shell.
"Wood Group as well as the Unite and RMT unions can confirm that we have agreed to restart the settlement process of the current dispute," says a joint statement.
We will hold some all-day meetings in the next few weeks, which will begin early next year to readdress the problems.
Unions said their last strike, which is the first in over 25 years, was a protest against possible pay cuts of up to 30 percent.
Wood Group this year cut rates to its contractors in the North Sea by around 9 percent due to negative market pressures.
The company's council cut follows a 10 percent drop for onshore contractors in 2014.
The company said additional cuts give the company the space needed to get through the market downturn.
Shell has sacked thousands of people for its part and announced plans to abandon its oil and gas business activities in up to 10 countries as it streamlines its business activities as a result of its mega-merger with UK energy company BG Group.
Energy companies are under pressure due to lower crude oil prices, an economic situation that had been reinforced by the British decision to leave the European Union in June.
Scottish Parliament member Dave Anderson met with worker leaders earlier this week to discuss one of the biggest labor disputes that took place in the North Sea for a generation.
The North Sea is important for the regional economy, he said.
"In the North Sea and across the country, we need an economy that works for many and not just for few," he said in a statement.
In 2016, less than $1.4 billion in spending on new projects in the North Sea is expected compared to an average of around $7 billion over the past five years.
Kepler misses rotation rate of stars in Plejades "star cluster
The latest mission with the Kepler space telescope has helped astronomers collect the most complete catalogue of rotation rates under the stars of the Plejades star.
The new data helps astronomers to understand why stars in star clusters are rotating at different rates and in what context the rotation periods are with the planetary formation.
"We hope that by comparing our results with other star clusters, more about the relationship between the mass of a star, his age and even the history of his solar system," said Luisa Rebull, a researcher at the Caltech's Infrared Processing and Analysis Center in Pasadena, in a press release.
The star cluster of the Plejades is 445 light years away from Earth.
Many stars in this star cluster, which emerged around 125 million years ago, are now reaching adulthood.
They are now turning the fastest.
At peak rates, these maturing stars encounter large quantities of star winds.
As these winds travel through the magnetic fields of the stars, they have a braking effect on the stars.
When a star is ageing, its rotation rate begins to slow.
Kepler misses the rotation rate of each star by recognizing the time between the appearance of a discernible star fleck -- such as sunshine.
The latest catalogue of rotation rates points out that more massive stars are turning more slowly than fewer massive stars.
Rebull compares the stars with dancers, with larger stars turning slower pirouettes than smaller ones.
"In the" ballet "of the Plejades, we see that slow rotors tend to be more massive, whereas faster rotors tend to be very bright stars," Rebull said.
As the star cluster of the Plejades is so close, it serves as an ideal cosmic lab to compare stellar qualities such as rotation rates.
"The star cluster of the Plejades offers an anchor for theoretical models of stellar rotation in both directions, younger and older," Rebull said.
There is still much ahead of us what we would like to know more about how the How, When and Why stars slow their rotation rates and hang up their "dance shoes."
Rebull and her colleagues have reported extensively in three newspaper reports about their latest analysis of the rotation rates of the Plejades, which will soon appear in the Astronomical Journal.
A controversial baseball star resigns
The tears ran at Alex Rodriguez faster than the U.S. baseball star in best days from Base to Base.
After his emotional resignation announcement, the 41-year-old professional will wear the jersey of his New York Yankees on August 12 against the Tampa Bay Rays.
"I love this game and this team."
"I say" Goodbye "to both," said the 14 -time All-Star Game participant of the Major League Baseball (MLB).
Three times Rodriguez was voted the most valuable player in the league, and in 2009 he won the World Series with the Yankees.
His signature under a ten -year contract has given him $27 million annually since 2007.
By the end of the contract on December 31, 2017, he will act as a consultant and youth coach - at full salary.
As a player, it paid Rodriguez back for a long time with performance.
With 696 homeruns, 3114 hits and 2021 points for his teams ("runs") for the Seattle Mariners (1994 to 2000), the Texas Rangers (2001 to 2004) and since 2005 the Yankees created some milestones.
With the Hall-of-Fame-members Hank Aaron and Willie Mays, only two other baseball players in key statistics show similar values.
But in the baseball's glory hall, the 41-year-old is still unlikely to be included.
Because so successfully Rodriguez - nicknamed "A-Rod" - was on the field, so controversial is his appearance outside the square.
As early as 2009, the superstar at "ESPN" admitted to having taken banned steroids between 2001 and 2003.
In August 2013, he was locked up for 211 lots by the end of 2014 due to a settlement in the so-called biogenesis scandal.
Rodriguez is considered the main suspect to have received performance-enhancing funds for years via an anti-aging clinic in South Florida.
After a legal battle, the lock was still reduced to 162 encounters.
"The league could even have done me a favor for the year 2014, because I played 20 years without a break," Rodriguez said at the time.
Even his farewell days are not running smoothly.
While many baseball legends have been given the big stage again in their last games, Rodriguez has often had to sit on the bench.
"My job does not include a farewell tour."
"My job includes trying to win every game," said Yankees-Coach Joe Girardi.
After all, Rodriguez, who was married to actress Cameron Diaz and to the relationship with pop star Madonna and the actress Kate Hudson, received sympathy from fans from the Yankee-arch-rival Boston Red Sox.
"We want A-Rod," sang the supporters at the 4:9 defeat against the Rodriguez team.
Olympia 2016: Chen Xinyi, Silwia Danekowa and Adrian Zielinski are first doping cases
Caught: due to a positive doping test, weight theater Adrian Zielinski from Poland is not allowed to start in Rio.
Rio de Janeiro - The 2016 Olympic Games are overshadowed by the first official doping cases.
A caught athlete would have won almost a medal.
Before the seventh competition day, the first official doping cases have become the Olympics in Rio de Janeiro.
Chinese swimmer Chen Xinyi, 3000 -metre obstacle runner Silwia Danekowa from Bulgaria and the Polish weight theater Adrian Zielinski have been tested positive and ruled out in Brazil - immediately before the start of the already critically acclaimed athletics contests, these messages come to an end.
At Chen last Sunday, the diuretic hydrochlorothiazide was proven to be used as a masked means for doping substances.
The International Sports Court CAS confirmed its exclusion from the Olympics on Friday afternoon local time.
On Sunday, the 18-year-old had ranked fourth place in the final over 100 m butterfly, only by 0.09 seconds she missed the bronze medal.
On Friday, Chen should have attended the precincts over 50 m free style.
Chen has requested the opening of the B probe and a hearing at the International Olympic Committee (IOC).
The national association takes the matter "very seriously and requires Chen to cooperate fully in the investigations," Xinhua quoted from a communication: "we will work with the International Sports Court CAS and will accept the judgment."
For the first time in history, the IOC is no longer responsible for the sanctioning of athletes with positive cases.
Also on the night of Rio sickened the news about the positive probe at Danekowa, the 33-year-old went on the offensive herself.
"I had three tests, all negative, and my fourth test was positive," this was "an incredible shock," she told the Bulgarian TV station BNT.
She is innocent, "the only explanation could be food supplements," said the athleticist.
According to the report, the banned substance should be the blood doping instrument EPO.
Danekowa has been suspended provisionally, according to BNT, the B probe is also expected to have been positive.
Bulgaria's prime minister, Bojko Borissow, immediately voiced criticism of the Athletin.
"I do not understand why the athletes do not draw the right conclusions," he said, "we Bulgarians are under observation, so many have already been excluded."
For example, all weight theorists from the chronically doping nation may not participate in Rio.
On Friday, the case of "Adrian Zielinski" was also known, the London-based Olympic champion in class up to 85 kg was tested positive to the anabole steroid Nandrolon three days earlier.
Both deny the intake, but both are not allowed to start in class up to 94 kg.
Before the launch of the athletes, especially the case of Danekowa is another serious blow to the reputation of the whole sport.
The International Federation of IAAF had banned the complete Russian team, except for an exception due to systematic doping, and Kenya also produced a lot of bad news in Rio.
In swimming sport, the previous offences in China had also ensured fierce clashes between the athletes.
So the Frenchman, Camille Lacourt, attacked the Chinese Olympic champion Sun Yang harshly.
"Sun Yang pinches purple."
"When I see the podium over 200 m free style, I want to surrender," Lacourt said on French radio.
Sun was also at the heart of a dispute with Australian Mack Horton.
"I have no time and no respect for doping fraudsters," said this.
Sun had been tested positive for the stimulus trimetazidin in 2014 at the Chinese championships, but had to sit down only a three-month lock.
Data cloud: so perfide blackmailed hackers their ransom
Programmers of blackmail malware are currently targeting companies - and are successful in doing so.
According to a recent survey by malware defense specialists Malwarebytes among 540 companies in North America, Britain and Germany, 40 percent of firms surveyed in the past twelve months have been at least once, sometimes several times victims of an attack with blackmail software.
In Germany, almost 20 percent of firms were already the target of a ransomware blackmail.
40% of the victims willingly paid the ransom required by the perpetrators to reuse the systems and data that were attacked.
The perpetrators specialize their blackmail software, according to the observations of Malwarebytes, on attacks in corporate networks.
If they are successful there, the potentially blackmailed ransom is significantly higher than for private users.
"We are currently watching a frighteningly rapid evolution of the malware," explains Malwarebytes boss Marcin Kleczynski in conversation with the "world."
In 2008, most malware programs were still designed to send advertising.
Then the perpetrators discovered blackmail software for themselves.
First, private users were the target, but the switch to corporate attacks has been terribly fast in recent months.
Ransomware works according to a simple pattern: once active on a victim's computer, she is looking for recently changed files such as Word, Excel or database files, as well as archives of images and videos.
These files encrypt the ransomware and extinguish the originals.
The software then presents the demands of the blackmailers.
To get the end key code to the files, the victims must transfer money - mostly in the form of the Cryptocurrency Bitcoin.
However, where the personal photo database is at stake for private users, companies are concerned with sensitive customer data or project databases, without which production is closed.
Accordingly, the damage occurs when a ransomware beats.
22 percent of the German companies affected reported revenue losses by Ransomware, and 13 percent had to completely interrupt business, and in one case, people were in danger of life.
In Germany, hospitals have already been victims of attacks whose patients can be acutely threatened by the loss of sickness.
"We always say to the victims: do not pay, it only promotes the problem," explains Kleczynski.
But 80 to 90 percent of firms that pay will get their data again.
For managers, it is difficult to reject the demand of the perpetrators in the face of standstill in the operation.
The hackers, in turn, know this and try everything to build a good reputation.
In a recent study, F-Secure's security researchers examined user surfaces and contact with the blackmailers and come to the conclusion: the perpetrators are actually trying to build a kind of customer service to take more money.
They explain to their victims by chat how they can pay by bitcoin, set up freely accessible support websites, or decrypt example files.
And if private individuals are redeemed after payments of a few hundred€, companies will have to negotiate hard and pay five -digit sums to get their data back unencrypted.
Given the potentially high and relatively risky profits from ransomware blackmail, the hackers are becoming increasingly professional and sharing the work, explains security expert Chester Wisniewski of the anti-virus provider Sophos: "a single person can write a ransomware circa within a week."
It is more likely, however, that these are three or four people.
The programmers then sell their software in the form of a software construction box to the actual blackmailers.
The previous malware kits created by buying the malware itself, counselling and additional tools for an one-off, fixed price between $1000 and $10,000.
"Included is an adjustment tool, so that smaller configurations, looks and branding can be changed," says Wisniewski.
The blackmailers then seek further hackers to spread the freshly purchased software among the victims.
We live in a service economy.
So you log in to one of the forums in the bottom, buys the set of a criminal and instructs another to install the software on as many PCs as possible.
Payment is made per infected computer.
"Usually, the criminals then charge spammers with spreading," explains Wisniewski.
The risk of ransomware is now known to many companies that better secure their data.
More than 50 percent of corporate IT managers in the Malwarebytes survey trust to be able to resist ransomware using file back-ups and scanner software.
Accordingly, the perpetrators are already pursuing new strategies.
"If the encryption of data alone is not a sufficient threat to successful expediency, the perpetrators instead threaten to publish sensitive data such as customer lists or price calculations," explains Malwarebytes boss Marcin Kleczynski.
As a result, the potential for damage, depending on the type of data, is still many times higher than before.
In the future, the perpetrators could also take completely new targets on the Internet of Things.
At the Defcon hacker conference, security researchers demonstrated how they could get a thermostat connected to the internet under their control.
In the middle of winter, the activation of such a blocked heating could well be worth a ransom.
If the perpetrators then block a whole production road in a factory instead of the heating in the future, Ransomware could also become an issue in the industry in 4,0.
One for all cases
Honda HR-V is flexible and everyday
In the small HR-V, Honda wants to pack everything: a little SUV, a little coupé and also the versatility of a minivan.
Sounds quite overloaded, but the HR-V, which was constructed on the same new platform as the new jazz, is actually proving to be extremely flexible in everyday life.
Although the only 1.60 m high HR-V is rather small, passengers have plenty of space both in the first row and in the fond, it doesn't work tight at any point.
The materials of the interior are well processed and pleasant, only the cockpit upper side comes down.
The HR-V is more versatile than comparable vehicles.
There is not only a boot of 453 l at the top and 1026 l at refolded back, but there are the "magic Seats."
This is less magical than it sounds: the seating areas of the backbench can be folded up like cinema chairs and thus offer closet space, which is 1.24 m high from the ground up to the ceilings.
The boot can be loaded well, but the loading height with 650 mm is slightly higher than the comparable Peugeot 2008.
The tested 1.6 -l diesel with 88 kW / 120 hp accelerates the HR-V very powerful thanks to the torque of up to 300 Nm in wide speed areas.
However, he is likely to do his job a little more quietly.
The daily consumption of 4.7 l / 100 km is pleasing.
There is another motorisation: a 1.5 l gasoline with 96 kW / 130 hp.
An all-wheel drive is not offered.
Driving behaviour is balanced, a good compromise between dynamism and comfort.
The steering, however, is likely to be a little more direct.
The equipment in the tested top variant "Executive" leaves nothing to be desired.
The security systems include the City-emergency brake assistant (works up to Tempo 32), the collision warning system and the track record assistant.
The collision warner sometimes irritates because he rated many obstacles as "approaching objects."
The remote light assistant works very reliably.
And the intelligent Temporegler responds to the traffic mark recognition and drops the speed if needed.
The full connectivity, however, exists only for the top equipment: 7 -inch touchscreen, Navi, app integration and more.
Two USB- and HDMI bookings are under the armrest and are therefore somewhat cumbersome to reach.
The around €29,000 for the well-equipped top diesel are in order.
Those who do not want to invest so much will receive the gasoline from €20,000, the diesel from €23,000.
The engines meet the Euro 6 exhaust standard.
With the HR-V, Honda offers a versatile and everyday car.
Airline is not liable: fall on air passenger bridge
An airline is not liable for the fall of a passenger on the Passenger Bridge.
Because liability is only possible in the case of dangers typical of air traffic, the Oberlandesgericht Düsseldorf (Az.: 18 U 124/14) argued.
The plaintiff had broken a knee stick during the fall.
However, the accident could have happened anywhere - it was a general risk of life, according to the court.
The airline had to pay no compensation to the man.
Disease case: when will the organiser pay
After their journey, diseased holidaymakers will only get money back if the cause of the disease can be found without doubt at the hotel.
However, this is only the case if more than ten percent of guests prove the same symptoms.
In the negotiated case, a family was severely ill on diarrhoea and eruption on the second day of their Turkish holiday.
She spent almost the entire holiday in the room.
Their illness led the holidaymakers back to a defective sewage treatment plant that had allegedly polluted the seawater.
The family felt that the journey had been flawed - and complained against the organiser.
In court, the plaintiffs had no success.
Although the treatment plant was in fact defective.
But the organiser only learned about it shortly before departure of the plaintiffs.
He had to assume by then that the sea water was in order.
So he did not violate his information obligations, according to the ruling.
Especially as no contaminations were found in the samples of the water.
The illness of several hotel guests - possibly by contagion among themselves - is part of the general risk of life.
Of 691 guests, only 38 were ill.
De Maizière said that after the violence perpetrated by refugees in Würzburg and Ansbach in July, many people would have worried about further attacks.
The state must respond positively and decisively to terrorist threats.
What is certain is that our country will not answer the violence of the perpetrators with hatred and split.
We will not treat this triumph to the terrorists.
If criminals would have to leave the country more quickly, it would increase the security and strength of the population's support for refugee policy.
De Maizière wants to achieve the implementation of the proposals until the 2017 federal election.
He also announced a further staffing of the security forces, "on a medium four -digit scale over several years."
Sympathy for terrorism must be punished again.
Video surveillance is to be improved, the gun law is so novel that, above all, the purchase of weapons on the Internet is made more difficult.
The most recently discussed confidentiality for doctors is to be preserved according to de Maizière's words.
However, in dialogue with the medical profession, he wants to seek solutions to how to reduce the vulnerability of citizens, he said, with a view to mental health.
In order to counter the radicalisation of refugees, the Minister considers that better social care is needed.
Teachers would have to be better prepared for dealing with traumatised people.
To prosecute criminals in special areas of the Internet (Darknet), de Maizière plans to use concealed investigators.
SPD leader Gabriel said: "the SPD is ready to talk about everything that helps to further increase security."
It is important that the Minister for the Interior has made a clear opposition to action.
"This was an earnest for the sharemarkets in the CDU / CSU," Gabriel told the newspapers of the Funke Media Group (Friday).
De Maizière had previously rejected calls from the Union for a Burka ban and the abolition of dual nationality.
He considers a general ban on full concealment to be constitutionally problematic.
You cannot ban everything that you reject, and I reject the wearing of the burqa.
It is possible to talk about rules, for example, in the field of road transport or for witnesses in the courts.
Greens leader Simone Peter accused the minister of wanting to simulate power and ability to act with ever new anti-terror packages.
Left-wing party leader Bernd Riexinger said: "fleet spray and a tightening of the right of residence do not bring more security to the people of this country."
Better traffic flow on the motorway carrier
It regularly stops on the bypass - here's a picture of November.
But this is to change: the legal blaze is to be extended.
This is good news for all car drivers who are in congestion on the ambient road every night when they drive through the highway (A 43).
The provincial road construction extends next Tuesday and Wednesday (16th / 17th August) in the area between the Hammer Straße and the exit Weseler Straße 700 meters.
Motorists can then turn right from the Hammer Strasse to the right.
The big advantage: the traffic divides more early, improving the overall flow on the much-vaunted section of the Bundesstraße 51.
The idea with the extended exit had the CDU faction in the district of Münster-West.
The carriageway on the carrier nerves the motorists mainly between 17 a.m. and 19 pm.
Working days stretch back to the bridge over the Albersloher route and sometimes beyond.
The reason is the Nadelöhr on the B 51 just before the exit Weseler Straße.
From here, traffic is only steadily channelled through the highway bridge.
The second track had to be rebuilt just over a quarter of a century ago.
The reason: static calculations had shown that the bridge no longer possesses the necessary power to include, above all, heavy goods traffic.
For how long this bottleneck and the associated work-day congestion will continue, the competent national operation cannot say.
However, there are years to come: the bridge has an official residual duration up to the year 2034.
For the extension of the legal abbey, the national operation has deliberately chosen the weaker time in the school holidays because it is expected to be disabled.
Traffic will be spurred on the construction site on Tuesday and on Wednesday.
Intercultural journey: cultural offers for schools
The international class of the Waldschule visited the play "the Invisible House."
The Nima's Association and the Young Theatre are now planning a music project.
The Nima's Association allows young people with a migrant and refugee background to visit cultural institutions in Münster.
The "class International" of the Waldschule Kinderhaus has visited an idea of the award-winning piece "the invisible house" of the boy Theatre Münster.
In the context of the "intercultural journey" initiated by the association Nima's, 19 students between eleven and 15 years of age attended the staging in the Little House.
Since the beginning of the year, the association, which aims at the cultural integration of young people with a migrant and refugee background, has been offering schools with welcome classes the opportunity to visit cultural institutions in Münster within the framework of this project.
Most of the youngsters of the class came to Münster from September 2015 to March 2016, among others, from Afghanistan, Iran, Serbia and Syria.
Thanks to the choreographies, the scenic images and video animations, they had been able to follow the course of action, according to the press release of the boy Theaters Münster.
The Nima's Association, founded by Dr Tannaz Westerberg from Sprakel, and the Young Theatre will work together in the coming season as part of a music theatre project.
From October to December, young people with and without an escape and migrant background between the ages of 14 and 20 are to be given the opportunity to attend professional courses in the areas of singing, dance, spectacle and music.
Offers for children and families in the field of theatre play and theatrical language mediation are in the planning.
The "intercultural journey" project continues.
Given the increased numbers of refugees, the club reckons with many classes wanting to participate.
Rain rather than star snuggling: hope for weather improvement
The weather has made the star snuff Guckers in south-west Germany a stronghold by the bill on the night of Friday - but there is still hope.
The night was badly suited for clouds and rain to watch the sky spectacle, the chairman of the star warden Welzheim, Hans-Ulrich Keller, said on Friday morning.
Our hope is on the night of Saturday.
The weather is supposed to be good, then we'll certainly see a lot of star snuff in the sky.
The star shoes are Perseids, which, at 216,000 kilometres per hour, are among the fastest star snuff.
They have their name because they seemingly come from the star image of Perseus, which goes up in the northeast.
Relaxing night: tips against sleep disturbances
In the evening you can walk around forever, at night you will be awake for hours, and in the morning you can no longer think of sleep well before the wake-up.
This is far from recovering.
After all, such problems are in good company: according to the Robert Koch Institute, about a quarter of adults have sleep disorders and more than ten percent feel their sleep is often or permanently unrecoverable.
How do sleep problems or sleep disturbances speak?
There are several forms of sleep disorder, and it can be based on a variety of causes, emphasizing Hans-Günter Week, the board member of the German Society for sleep research and sleep medicine.
What one understands, however, is the Insomnie, that is, a disorder and a sleeping disorder.
In particular, many people feel unsatisfactory or inadequate, says Jens Wagenknecht, member of the Board of Directors of the German Medical Association with practice in the Lower Saxony.
What is behind sleep disturbances?
The causes of sleep disturbances are complex.
Behind it can be organic, mental or behavioral factors, but also medicines.
Often the sleep disorder is an expression of another illness.
"Very early waking up is often the case with depression," says Week.
And it may be that different factors are mutually dependent.
For example, anyone who has a disc incident may be bad, wakes up every two to three hours and may start to greet about everyday problems and worries, Week gives an example.
This leads to tension, and sleep is no longer possible.
When should I have sleep disturbances to the doctor?
Anyone who doesn't sleep well over a period of a month in at least three nights a week and is impaired on the day should go to the doctor, Week advises.
The impairment can look very different: one is beaten, tired, undisclosed, has difficulties with attention and concentration, is easily riddled, has mood fluctuations or physical ailments such as stomach or headache.
To alleviate sleep disorder, it is important to find out the causes.
As treatment options come, among other things, behavioral changes, cognitive behavioral therapy, or even medication - classic sleeping tablets only in exceptional cases and at most for two weeks.
Established sleeping medical practitioners rarely exist in Germany, insists Prof. Ingo Fietze, head of the interdisciplinary sleeping medical centre of Charité Universitätsmedizin Berlin.
Therefore, if you have sleep problems, you should first contact the doctor.
This can be used to investigate whether the problems have a physical cause.
Who should go to the sleeping lab, and what happens?
For the study in the sleeping laboratory, for example, medical practitioners advise on snoring with breathing suspenders, in sick day fatigue, in sleeping converters or if you don't find the cause of a sleeping disorder, Fietze explains.
It is not really necessary to prepare for the investigation.
You should spend the day normally.
"Just don't make a lunchtime sleep," says Fietze.
After the cabling, you go to bed at its normal time.
In addition to the electrodes on the body, one wears a nasal glasses, a chest belt and a feather at the finger.
In addition, a camera on the ceiling features the sleeper.
How can people get to grips with the problems?
There are quite a lot of pitch screws that can be used for better sleep.
Week counts on: regular sleeping and upcoming times, not too long in bed, not sleeping on the day, not watching TV to sleep, avoiding alcohol and not looking at the clock at night - then you start to expect immediately, and that is not conducive at all.
What to have the Jungle camp with missing medals in swimming
Former German swimmer Markus Deibler has spoken out via Facebook to the disappointing cut-off of the DSV team at Olympis.
In December 2014, he first picked up gold at the short world championships in Doha, while at the same time setting up his first world record.
Now the former DSV athlete Markus Deibler has been protective of his ex-team-mates in the critique.
"In a country where an Olympic champion gets £20,000 premium and a jungle 150,000 Euroshould no one wonder about missing medals," the 26-year-old wrote on his Facebook page on Friday.
The support system in the swimming pool is bad, but the doping controls are very good.
This will not allow us to compete with countries that promote a great deal and do not look so closely at the issue of doping or even operate it.
"I am not saying that the controls should be stopped here," he continued.
If he wanted to start a comeback, Deibler would already have to be reported nine months before his first launch of the National Anti-Doping Agency (NADA).
That is exactly how we should keep it with countries.
"Anyone who cannot be controlled for some time before WM / OS by independent inspectors of WADA / FINA is not allowed to participate," says the electoral hamburger, who now runs an ice cream.
Airport: gang of baggage thieves arrested
Professional thieves at Düsseldorf Airport
Civil supporters of the Düsseldorf police succeeded on Thursday the arrest of two women and two men aged 50 to 61.
The suspects had committed several pockets and baggage thefts as a gang.
At 21,30 p.m., civil servants in the area of Düsseldorf airport realized a gang known to police officers from past theft offences.
The two women and two men had committed several offences since mid-July of this year, and were collaborative, working and particularly professional.
The specialists of the 34 Crime Commissioner can demonstrate four deeds to the thieves who had entered Germany specifically to commit crimes.
In doing so, they had exploited a total of over €15,000.
At first glance, the Rigaer Street in Berlin-Friedrichshain does not work like this, but the police are one of the "dangerous places" of the city.
If you go down the road from the east to the west, you will arrive at playgrounds, a freshly deleted nursery and a biolade.
To the facade of a grey house, someone has sprayed "ugly!"
Compared to a Lidl, which is to be demolished soon, it is already being built: a house with high windows and 133 new rental apartments is to be created by 2017.
Articles about this "trendy district," as the relevant real estate company Friedrichshain calls it, are, however, preferred in recent weeks with burning cars.
The reason is the house with number 94: once it was occupied, meanwhile the residents have lease contracts, but on the ground floor are still occupied rooms and are used for events.
In particular, since the beginning of the year, the Berlin interior senator, Henkel, has argued several times for a tough action by the police against the project, calling the area a "no-go zone" for police officers and the 94 as the starting point for autonomous violence.
After on June 22 the rooms on the ground floor, the cadtersmiths, had been cleared with 300 police officers, police patrolled official statements for three weeks with 30 to 40 officers and three team cars on the ground, locked up parts of the road and kept visitors from entering the house with number 94.
Meanwhile refurbished construction workers on behalf of the unknown homeowners the rooms.
On July 13, a Berlin administrative court ruled that clearance had been illegal, and a day later, police and construction workers moved under the cheer of sympathisers and residents.
On this summer afternoon, the road works peacefully: parents walk with children, people sit on the pavement in front of the houses in the sun, others entertain themselves in front of Späti.
In the immediate vicinity of the house projects lie a primary school and nursery school.
Left violence is not the main concern of many residents: Kerstin Neugebauer, who has lived in the Kiez since 1999, and Jana *, who has three children here, are mainly generous from the police presence.
With the residents of the house projects, they share the concern about rising rents and gentrification.
It doesn't sound like a Kiez, who wanted a majority of police protection against vandal left.
The ditch that the Berlin interior senator and police make up between house occupiers and their neighbors does not appear to exist.
Friedrichshain in the east of Berlin was actually a traditional working-class district, which today has a low average income and high risk of poverty compared to the rest of the city.
Home occupations and the housing projects that have been born have also long been part of the Kiez: in 1990, numerous houses were occupied in the former GDR, including almost the entire Mainz street near the Rigaer.
While the Mainzer had been cleared under great police force in a real street battle, many of the projects in the Rigaer were legalised and are still inhabited by the people they had occupied 26 years ago.
At the same time, in recent years, the district has become increasingly a magnet for tourists and election berliners from around the world: with them, residents from DDR times and former house occupiers are now sharing their jaws.
This is also noticeable in the rents, which have risen by nearly 60 percent in new rents since 2009.
Many of the new buildings in the Rigaer are attacked as symbols for this development: one recognizes them on inserted slices or freshly removed facades, which have been thrown with colour bags.
No other road has been mentioned so often this year along with the words "left-autonomous violence."
One reason that not all neighbors view this as a problem may be that they are not necessarily affected by crime: crimes such as bodily injury are almost exclusively directed against policemen.
Most of the offences make up property damage, which tends to hit the new buildings and freshly refurbished houses.
For Kerstin Neugebauer, who has lived in a rental house next to the controversial 94 for 17 years, there can be no talk of uncertainty.
As far as acts of violence are concerned, it is appealing: the people in the 94 are their neighbors, who have certainly not been.
Even the famous burning cars no longer exist in the Rigaer.
For the studied architect, her street is not a criminal focal point, on the contrary: "here one helps each other, lives together on the road and gets more from each other than elsewhere."
Neugebauer is deliberately pulled into Rigaer Street - and stayed.
That is why it was so important to her that the residents get their road back: from the police, the politics and the media, who all suddenly claimed the authority over the district in July.
But in the eyes of residents like Neugebauer, the road continues to be taken away from them: through faceless new buildings in former building gaps that crowd out the old residents.
"These are, after all, property flats that are not interesting for many here - here are more people who are not so well beguiled," she says.
"I absolutely cannot endorse violence and destruction."
But what should you do if you never listen to someone?
There is frustration on all sides, including the police and the inhabitants.
For Zugezogens, who are annoyed by colour bombs, Kerstin Neugebauer has little understanding: the house projects and the left scene belonged to the Kiez.
Anyone who draws on should be aware of this - just like someone who moves into a pub district, can complain badly about noise there.
All the people only presented with first names have asked not to be named with their right name
Urbach: Annika Deuschle is new refugee officer
Annika Deuschle is the contact person in terms of integration and organizer.
She is also a social worker on the ground.
Since July, Annika Deuschle has been the refugee officer for Urbach.
The Social Pedagogist supports the management team around Achim Grockenberger.
It sees itself as a contact person for all actors: refugees, working groups, administration, authorities and anyone else.
Regine customer from the working group suggests that the volunteers are more than grateful that Deuschle is now there, the ice-legged wool mill, which, above all, has a problem.
For example, some - less intense than the multitude of requests for tasks - meant that the administration wanted to write the post.
An administrative power has been sought with a talent for languages and people, coupled with a long-standing experience in the field of social work, an ice-legged wool mill.
But administrative work is not their central area, says Annika Deuschle.
Above all, it is about organisation, work with the people on the ground and also behind the scenes as well as network activity.
The 31-year-old has been there for about six weeks.
It has a 50 percent limit on three years.
"It was high time," says Regine customer, that Annika Deuschle supports honorary and full-time actors.
There are big and small problems, organisational, human and understanding problems.
Soon new containers stand in the Wasenstraße
A serious problem has been for some time to find homes for the connecting refugees who have been recognised.
Local authorities are responsible for the connection.
They must accommodate the refugees in their own or rented living rooms.
The cost of the construction, rent or renovation of these shelters must be borne by the local authorities themselves.
The responsibility changes from the Countess to the Commune and Jobcenter.
Problem: there are free objects, but not every landlord wants to offer his apartment.
The search has been very difficult for some time.
De facto, the administration does not find private homes.
It has not worked so far, so it is necessary to rely on private housing, according to Deuschle.
That is why it is necessary to make public housing esteemed, as it is so beautiful.
So soon new containers will be set up in the Wasenstraße.
But only with homes is it not done.
Perspective is the key word, are Regine Customer and Annika Deuschle agree.
In addition to a firm bust, it is internships, training places, school places, one-euro jobs and aid activities for refugees and migrants who need to be funded or set up.
"More places would be good," reports Regine Customer.
Many work in the building yard or help house master, do non-profit work - and that motivates and very properly, as Annika Deuschle reports.
It hopes that work for the community will lead to a positive outlook.
This is "no employment therapy."
However, activity does not just mean work.
The day needs a firm structure, say Deuschle and customer.
People would have to develop a sense of belonging.
So it needs offers such as sports, contacts with locals and, above all, language courses.
Professional courses are rar.
So, here too, administration and volunteers are jumping.
It is central that the refugees feel they are wanted and welcome in Germany.
The long duration of the procedures is a problem.
They must explain to the refugees that it is just that it takes and that they can bridge the time, for example, with language courses.
Anyone who eventually develops the feeling that he can't help anybody in Urbach should not work and be useless, who will never integrate.
The clear majority is motivated.
However, there is also a problem, says the customer, "people who do nothing at all." The work of Deuschle and the customer is therefore always to motivate others.
All this is a "mammoth task."
A difficult question: have the two been afraid of radicalisation after recent events, including in a small community like Urbach?
"No," says Regine customer very clearly, "what some may call naive." A residual risk cannot and does not want to exclude them.
However, the helpers are already aware of this.
These incidents are also subject to refugees.
Those would have the fear that the offenders will bring them completely into disrepute.
"They want to show that they have nothing to do with it," says Regine customer.
Many would like to stay in Urbach.
So the main and honorary people on the ground and in the region must look for activities.
In doing so, they always have in the background that a new thrust of refugees and migrants could soon come to Urbach.
Does Germany need a ceiling?
To answer this question clearly, politics is shy.
In fact, it is unfair to put them on the ground.
"In Urbach we have not yet arrived where we want to go," says Annika Deuschle.
No new refugees, that would relax the situation.
Regine customer also makes it clear that the Urbachers are already in the process of being able to integrate the previous people sensibly.
These are currently around 100 people, mostly young men.
But when people are in need, they have to help them, both women agree.
The political world situation is so complicated, there are no easy answers.
Schorndorf: burglary searched with helicopter
The police helicopter flew different areas for about a hour - unsuccessful.
Two unknown men are forcibly penetrated into an apartment in a multi-family home in the Lindenweg on Friday morning at 8,50 am.
The resident surprised the two and struck the unholy into the escape.
The two men were about 1.65 to 1.70 metres large, arguably masked, wearing both bluejeans and black hood pulses.
They fled towards the city centre.
To punish, police set up several strip crews as well as a police helicopter.
The punishment went without success.
Perhaps the unknown in front of the apartment was close to the apartment or when it was fleeing.
Baden-Württemberg: police investigate after rocker attack on snack
After an attack on an Ulmer snack, police are investigating six suspects from the rocker milieu because of severe land peace breaks.
In housing searches, evidence and narcotics were secured, police said on Friday.
Around 20 masked men of a rock-like grouping had thrown bottles and stones against the storefront of an imbecile, according to police in July.
After that, they are said to have attacked two guests and injured one slightly.
After that, they fled.
At the snack and at the adjacent building there was a damage of €10,000.
According to the investigators, it is a dispute in the Ulmer Rockermilieu between a Kurdish and a Turkish gear.
Thuringia: Zeiss Meditec the turnover billion closer
A high demand for medical technology in Asia has boosted sales of Carl Zeiss Meditec.
In the first nine months of the financial year started in October, group sales rose 6.7 percent to 798.6 million€, as the listed company announced in Jena on Friday.
The Asian business grew disproportionately by 17.1 percent.
The profit before interest and taxes increased from €89.5 million to €110.5 million, according to the interim balance sheet.
The Jenaer Medical Technology Group wants to exceed the sales mark of EUR billion this financial year, the board reiterated.
Zeiss Meditec manufactures equipment and equipment for doctors and clinics.
The company, which belongs to the optical and electronics group Carl Zeiss (Oberkochen), employs nearly 3000 people.
