28-year-old chef in San Francisco Mall found dead
A 28-year-old Koch, who recently moved to San Francisco, was found dead in the stairwell of a local shopping centre dead.
The victim's brother said that he can imagine anyone who would wanna hurt him, "Finally, it went uphill for him."
On Wednesday morning in the Westfield Mall, found the corpse was identified as that of 28-year-old Frank Galicia of San Francisco, told the court medical Department in San Francisco.
The San Francisco Police Department said that the death was classified as murder and investigations are going on.
The victim's brother, Louis Galicia, informed the ABS station KGO in San Francisco that Frank, who has previously worked as a chef in Boston, had landed six months ago, his dream job as the chef at Sons & Daughters Restaurant in San Francisco.
A spokesman for the Sons & Daughters said that they were shocked about his death "and devastated".
"We are a small Team that operates like a close family and we will miss him sorely," said the spokesman.
Our thoughts and our condolences are to the family in this difficult time in Frank's and friends.
Louis Galicia, Frank first lived in Hostels, but that "things went for him uphill."
"He found an apartment, he had a girlfriend," said Louis Garcia KGO.
Louis Galicia said that he could imagine anyone that would want his younger brother hurt.
He was a friendly man with a big heart.
To connect his Art with his family was to cook us something for us to cook dinner," said Louis Galicia.
He never wanted to participate in any kind of confrontation.
He was the brother of the sponge with the flow.
"Everything that's going wrong in the world, he was this rough diamond shone every day will be bright," he said.
Anyone with information about the case, the note phone the SFPD asked for the number 415-575-4444 call.
Jennifer Aniston: I will always put in drawers
Jennifer Aniston doesn't have to be always perfect or successful.
The Hollywood Star has made in an Interview is now very clear.
"I'm always going to put in drawers or get from the outside Label glued on that have to do with me and the reality of little."
"I don't have the desire to always be perfect and successful."
"To be honest, to me these things rather shooting."
Jennifer Aniston (47) can only laugh about it, that she is "Miss Perfect", as she explains in the latest "Cosmopolitan".
Preferably, the actress spends her time at home, in front of the TV with a loose bun and Mexican food, it says in the magazine.
To a white heat, you take the question to the desire to have children: "We women must not be married or have children, in order to be perfect," said the Hollywood Star.
In her new Film "Mother's Day - love is no child's play" is Aniston as a single mother of two sons.
The Film runs at us from 25. August.
Golfers Long receives the sports pyramid
His experience on the horse are manageable.
At the end of a Golf tournament in South Africa, Bernhard Langer has searched with some colleagues a bit of variety with a horseback ride on the beach.
For the 58-Year-old it was a Premiere.
CHIO: "Golden sport pyramid" for Bernhard Langer
After a few minutes, the horses remembered their evening, they hunted in the fast gallop home to the feeding troughs.
A Kilometer at this pace, I'm afraid.
"It was not a good experience," says Long.
And thus the riding career ended then.
On Saturday, Germany's best Golfer of all time - 101 tournament wins, was back in the vicinity of horses.
He settled with his family on the layout of the ALRV is the result of a horse he swung, not to photo purposes.
Long was the first Time in Aachen during the CHIO.
The reason was quite convincing.
The German sports aid, presented the man of Anhausen in the context of a small Gala, the Golden sports pyramid.
Awards there is no shortage of the sympathetic sportsman.
Federal cross of merit, Silver Laurel leaf, the Champions Tour Player of the year...
Even the British Queen has him knighted.
A long of 18. Prize-winner of the sports pyramid.
In Aachen he met on Saturday with the first prize-winner, Hans Günter Winkler.
"This award means a lot to me," says Long, "because you will be awarded not only for sporting achievements but also for social commitment".
For decades, Long promotes young talent.
And so, he gave the prize money of 25,000 euros.
With 15 other outstanding sports, two-time US masters winner on Saturday was included in the "Hall of Fame of German sport".
Among the Excellent athletes Hartwig Gauder and Harald Schmitt, the gymnast Eberhard Gienger, the fencer Cornelia Hanisch, Alexander Pusch, and Arnd Schmitt, the rower Peter-Michael Kolbe, Bob driver my hard-taker, the Judoka Frank Wieneke, the spring rider Alwin Schockemöhle and posthumously, the handball player Erhard Wunderlich.
Many of these sports legends were on Saturday to Aachen came.
After the official part of the illustrious company wandered into the jumping stadium, where the Lavazza prize delivery.
Bernhard Langer maintained a distance to the large animals.
Clinton's and trump's economic policies compared: It's all about the money
In infrastructure investing, and the trade agreements TTP prevent the want to both Clinton as well as Trump.
Divided the two US presidential candidates are, however, tax policy and energy policy, as well as a question of principle.
The Differences in economic policy between Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton, was a General, rather philosophical difference.
Of the, about the role of the state.
Trump wants to keep the software small, and warns how the government can damage the economy with taxes and regulations.
Clinton wool tax the economy to death and regulate death, he says.
He would himself, however, is quite different, says Trump.
He will go back to the regulations, solid, and he makes for a far-reaching tax reform, with lower tax rates - for private people and for companies.
Clinton, however, says: The state has to fulfill certain tasks, he has to give Disadvantaged opportunities and needs for money.
Therefore, the taxes would be increased for the Rich, she says.
Interesting, both are very close to the subject of infrastructure.
In the needed to be invested in, say, Trump and Clinton the same, almost word.
The democratic candidate announces the biggest investment in new jobs since the Second world war.
State investment programs in infrastructure are the classic democratic politics, and to be rejected by the state critical tea party wing of the Republican strictly.
To Trump so the party could face internal discussions.
More marked are the differences in the energy and climate policy.
Trump wants to build coal-fired power plants and coal production in the United States.
Oil production should also be in previously protected areas, the Paris climate protection agreement he wants to terminate.
Clinton wants to expand their investment program, specifically the Renewable energy and calls for: "A country will be the super power of the clean energy and millions of Jobs."
"It will probably be either China, Germany or America - I want us to be there."
However, not only in the infrastructure, even in the case of international trade agreements, the two competitors are not too far from each other.
TPP, the TRANS-Pacific trade agreement, not want to both sign.
At the same time both don't want to isolate but the U.S. from the international trade - but just American Jobs.
Which should be paid better, asks about Clinton.
The current minimum wage of 7.25 dollars is a pittance.
It wants to increase to 15 dollars per hour.
What do Trump in this question is not very clear: Once he says: The minimum wage needs to go up, then he says that he ought not to be changed.
However, the big discussion in the coming months is likely to develop has more to do with the tax policies of the two camps.
On the one hand, Trump, who wants to relieve the burden on the economy and the citizens, in order to stimulate growth.
His critics hold him, so that the budget deficit would only get bigger.
On the other hand, Clinton, who wants at least to demand of the Rich that they pay more tax, and whose critics say: More taxes are the solution.
Escape: "Any refugee woman has experienced sexual violence"
Sexual violence is for women who flee alone, almost everyday.
When you arrive in Germany, they are often traumatized.
A house provides shelter.
In a large kitchen, four women sit.
Each of them has a Baby that is not more than a year old.
A laid her little son in the Arm.
He looks with big eyes curious in the room.
His mother is staring at the tabletop.
Until she realizes that she is observed.
She smiles briefly and kisses the Little one.
The scene is normal.
Until we speak with Katrin Bahr.
She is area Director of Condrobs, institution for social assistance in Bavaria, and deals with the topic of women on the run.
The four women in the kitchen are Refugees.
You live in the North of Munich in one of the few decentralized accommodation for all Inge escaped women and their children in Bavaria.
In January Condrobs has opened the facility together with Pro Familia, and the Munich-based woman help.
Recently it was officially opened.
60 people live there - approximately 40 women and 20 children.
Men, there is none - not even as a visitor.
The exception is a security guard in front of the door.
"It is no exaggeration to say that Every woman that comes here, has made it on their flight experiences with sexual violence," says Bahr.
"Men flee because of Wars, because they are politically persecuted, because of torture, or the death, or because their families send hope to Europe," she says.
In women, other reasons for the escape outweigh that: "Many steal secretly away, because they see no other way out".
In their homeland they have experience with sexual violence, forced marriages, honour killings, slavery or forced made prostitution.
You continue driving.
On the run, the list goes on.
"That tractor demand, for example, for a bottle of water, a sexual act, is not uncommon," says Bahr.
And the women are alone, they are not protected by their families.
Those who believe that the end, once you come and ask in Germany, is misleading, says Bahr.
Here, too, single women in refugee would accommodation, often considered inferior and, at worst, abused.
The result is that about 90 percent of women living in accommodation in the North of Munich, are traumatized, and appreciates you.
"Some of the kids are certainly not created voluntarily."
Many women are so used, that they say nothing.
"Or you do not dare to speak openly about the experience, because the shame is too great".
Since you don't know help often, need it more accommodations just for you, calls for Bahr.
In Bavaria, the seven district governments for the accommodation of refugees, in charge.
On the question of whether they knew of a similar project in Munich in the area of its competence, the answers some.
In the upper Palatinate and upper Franconia, about there is no such thing in accommodation of the governments.
Also in Swabia alone, refugee women are housed separately, says Karl-Heinz Meyer, press Secretary of the government.
In upper Bavaria, and middle Franconia, there are some community accommodation floors or own-houses for single women and their children.
The exception is Bavaria, there are two Central properties exclusively for women.
Also, the Committee "women's rights and gender equality" in the European Parliament demands that women must be segregated from men, are housed.
In a study published for the Committee, said: "It's very important that men and women are separated houses."
"The lack of privacy, or men and women be housed together, it can - the continuous violence against women".
Especially, the washing should be separated, and for women, shall be easily accessible, in the study.
How the women feel this need to protect, you can read the crowd on the house in Munich.
"Since around spoke, that it gives us, we have a long waiting list," says Bahr.
You could easily open a second house.
Junior doctors strike: demands for new industrial action
Deputy Chairman of the Junior doctors have called on their Union to approve new industrial action in their dispute over a new contract.
The Junior Doctors Committee (JDC) of the British Medical Association (BMA) has claimed his entire Council to approve, from the beginning of September, more industrial action.
The JDC said that Ministers had failed to Ensure with respect to the contract.
Resident physicians and medical students have voted in July on the rejection of a contract that has been agreed with the BMA.
He was rejected by 58% of its members who voted in the elections.
In a letter to members that was released on Thursday evening on Twitter, said the Chairman of the JDC, Ellen McCourt, that the government "would be persistently remained quiet" problems, which led to the Treaty was rejected.
She said:"In view of the above, the JDC Board of Directors has voted that the proposed new contract refuse and official renegotiations requested to Ensure to all Your."
As a response to the Silence of the government of the JDC Board of Directors has made today a formal request for a special Meeting of the BMA Council to approve a programme of escalating industrial action, which starts at the beginning of September.
The disputes have led to Junior doctors went on strike this year six times, the first total failures in the history of the NHS.
The head of the BMA's Junior doctors, Dr Johann Malawana, resigned after the election, to the rejection of the agreed conditions of the contract, which had been recommended by the BMA,.
He told BMA members during the meetings, the found in before the vote of 54,000 Junior doctors and medical students held, that the contract was advantageous and should be adopted.
After the vote, the health Minister, Jeremy Hunt, said that the contract for Doctors compulsory in England would be introduced.
Russia and Turkey: An "Alliance of outsiders"?
It was a gesture that ended in a crisis.
The leaders of Russia and Turkey met on Tuesday, to give the hands and proclaim a formal end to the eight months lasting war of words and economic sanctions.
But as Vladimir Putin takes his Turkish opponents in the gilded hall of the St. Petersburg Palace, in the reception, I can not honor me the impression that Ankara wants this reconciliation to the most.
There was the handshake, Yes.
But Putin seemed to Smile, tight-lipped, and he radiated almost no heat, even for his laid-back circumstances.
Recep Tayyip Erdogan spoke, however, repeated his "dear friend" Putin - according to a report five times.
I could not count it.
He also promised that relations with Russia would not only return to your old level before the crisis, but even be improved.
The next day, a newspaper described that Erdogan would have had to be in a daze, as if never happened something Bad.
To me, his enthusiasm seemed to be rather the opposite.
But a Putin-emitting, sustainable Coolness showed that the head of state of Russia had nothing to forget.
Rather, the cause of the crisis was the First thing he mentioned in his introduction words: the shooting down of a Russian combat aircraft to the Syrian border by Turkey.
Moscow's reaction at the time was furious.
Putin informed and accused Ankara to be Russia in the back like that.
The Offense was even greater because it was perpetrated by a supposed friend.
The trust will establish difficult, if not impossible.
Public opinion in Russia has changed since November.
For months, the state-controlled media waged a fierce, full attack on Ankara.
At once it seemed as if the Turks would carry the blame for everything.
The most serious of the allegations by senior officials that Erdogan would have benefited his own family from the illegal Oil trade in areas of Syria controlled by the so-called Islamic state.
He has vehemently denied.
But in St. Petersburg, the official message was that it was time to look forward.
Finally, this Meeting took place only because Putin received from President Erdogan the excuse he wanted to hear.
Russia has achieved a kind of victory.
For Ankara, the advantages of weapons are at a standstill.
Erdogan needs all the friends he can get after he was dismissed last month in a failed coup almost of his office.
Again terror took attacks on Turkey have shaken him also.
But there are also economic motives.
Russian sanctions have hit Turkey hard - in particular, the prohibition of Charter flights that bring out every year, usually several million Russian tourists to the Turkish coast.
The number has decreased by almost 90%.
In Russia, tour operators and Charter companies will be facilitated if the flights will be resumed.
You can count on a late seasonal rush to the Mediterranean sea.
This week, the state television predicted that cheaper fruit and vegetables, as soon as the Turkish agricultural imports to be allowed again.
A report in Vedemosti put it as follows: "tourists there are long, tomatoes here long."
But the visit had an additional political value for Moscow.
Ankara is on the West angry, since it is acquisition, whose response to the attempted power as a weak response.
The persistent resentment on the snail's pace of the EU accession negotiations, and Putin is eager to draw from the cool mood Use and to reduce the relationship of Turkey to the West.
The Russian head of state won in Ankara with a Bonus that he called after the attempted coup, support for the elected organs of the state.
This is for Moscow, mind you, as a matter of course, the self has to change a deep-seated fear of the Regime.
The summit of this glittering Palace on the sea made it possible for Russia and Turkey, as described to me by an analyst, "Alliance of outsiders" to represent two countries which are in breach from the West and ill-treated feel, and now ally.
Nevertheless, despite the public reconciliation between the two is still large differences.
The biggest difference is Syria, where Moscow recently gave the role as a peacemaker, but where do Russia and Turkey have opposing sides to support.
It could be significant that after nearly three hours of initial talks, both presidents at the press conference stating that they would not have touched on the topic once.
The President of Turkey avoided it intentionally to a question about their differences to the answers, while Putin emphasize this decided to.
There is no clear consensus, where there is a common denominator to Syria can be found.
But after months of open hostilities - and, given the potential for a complete Disaster, as NATO-member Turkey shot down the Russian fighter jet - it is certainly better that the two heads of state at least talk to each other again.
Royal Bank of Scotland for customers outside of Scotland no longer available
The RBS brand will be reduced according to the Chairman of the Board of the Bank on a back-office role.
The Royal Bank of Scotland will no longer be for customers outside of Scotland available.
Ross McEwan told the BBC Scotland that the RBS brand associated with the global ambitions of the Bank.
The Bank has distanced itself since then, as you had to be collapsed eight years ago nearly, and saved.
In this time, brand strategists "RBS have used" to protect other consumer financial brands.
She supported the international Sport with millions of pounds of sponsorship, from the Six Nations Rugby to Wimbledon winner Andy Murray.
But now she has decided to back more national brands in the focus.
The Royal Bank of Scotland will only be for customers in Scotland are available, but will not be initialized.
In England and Wales, all of the RSB references, the decentralized headquarters and the stock exchange listing will change to NatWest.
The brand Ulster Bank is already used for customers in the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland.
There are other, smaller brands for the private customer business, which will get more importance - Coutts, Adam & Co, Drummond and Holt's Military Bank.
McEwan was during a sightseeing tour of customers and employees in Inverness-shire interviewed.
He told BBC Scotland: "The brand of the RSB will be to our investors, brand and to the brand under which our employees, because we are now more and more a Bank of brands."
As the Bank was itself a global brand, was RBS's global brand.
I say now, that we have no global targets but local targets.
Each of these brands in their own communities for something completely different, and our staff will work under these brands with the customers.
RBS has already said that it will not be Six Nations sponsorship and that it will increase the visibility of the various brands in its sports sponsorship.
"It is time for us to evolve to the Bank of the marks, because, as we focus on the Inside (we asked) to make this a better Bank for customers?" said the chief Executive.
It would have been three years ago, very cynical, if we had said that we would have for our customers a great Bank, and these brands launched.
But with our work, the focus on customer needs and not our own, I think, will see many changes.
We can launch these brands, therefore, I think that the time has come.
Frankie Dettori reached on Predilection, the 3,000 th win at Newmarket
Dettori spray of champagne after a Double at Newmarket, giving him the 3,000 th win
The Jockey Frankie Dettori secured on Friday, the 3,000 th British win at Newmarket.
He sat on Predilection, is trained by John Gosden, on his local track with his second win of the night is a milestone.
The 45-year-old Italian is the sixth Jockey to reach the milestone in the flat races.
He follows Sir Gordon Richards, Doug Smith, Lester Piggott, Pat Eddry and Willie Carson.
The three-time winner Dettori, who won prior to that on Ghayyar, said: "It is something Special."
I am very emotional because my family is here
I'm very happy that it happened at Newmarket, because I was here 30 years ago, landed am.
It is not a large Meeting, it is Royal Ascot - it's an ordinary Friday night, with 20,000 people.
I am relieved and very modest.
Dettori takes in the cheers as he catches on to Predilection the victory
Two Jockeys have reached the milestone in the obstacle race Jockey Richard Johnson and the retired 20-times winner Sir Anthony McCoy, which reached more than 4,300 wins in a record-breaking career.
Lester Piggott, the nine-time Derby winner had of 4,493 career wins
Frankie is one of the best Jockey of the Modern, and it is no Surprise that he has reached this milestone, only a few in front of him.
He has style and is strong, but it's his tactical intellect that distinguishes him from the others in the weight control room.
He is a fantastic Ambassador for racing, and his enthusiasm and Charisma Fans excited for years for this sport.
I told Frankie a few weeks ago at Epsom, and that he had already brought 6,000 of winnings, if he would not only be a weekend and a big tournament jockey!
Frankie has ridden in the UK almost 30 years of winners, which is great.
He has a vibrant personality, what is for a British race, but beyond that, he is an amazing Jockey.
Frankie Dettori celebrated the milestone with a typical Flying Dismount
Flying Finishes to Flying Dismounts, Frankie Dettori, the flagship of the British flat race for two decades.
It is nerve racking.
A number of big tournament win, including his famous "magnificent Seven" in 1996 at Ascot, but he also survived a plane crash and received a drug ban.
Three years ago, he initially had difficulties, as he returned from his six-month lock, but he showed an impressive character of strength, to defy his doubters and return to his best form.
And he is not a long - Dettori has previously said that he is in competitions until its at least 50.ten years to get on with it.
Russia's Putin fires chief of staff Sergei Ivanov
Russian President Vladimir Putin has unexpectedly fired its chief of staff Sergei Ivanov.
Ivanov was for many years part of the closest circle of trust circle of Putin.
The 63-Year-old was as special representative for environment and transport matters is appointed.
In opinion of the Kremlin is that Putin had arranged, without giving reasons, "the dismissal of Ivanov of his duties as Chairman of the Russian presidential administration".
Anton Vaino, since 2012, Ivanov's Deputy, was appointed his successor.
Vaino, 44, is a former Diplomat.
In 1972, in the Estonian capital, Tallinn, was born, he made his degree at the prestigious Moscow State Institute for International relations (MGIMO) and worked in the Embassy in Tokyo.
On the Website of the Kremlin it says (in Russian) that he was later head of Protocol and chief of the government staff.
On his appointment he said to Putin:"Thank you for your trust."
I think that it is the most important task of the government is, your activity as the head of state concerning draft legislation and to support controls for the implementation of its instructions.
Putin told the Russian TV station on Friday that Ivanov had asked to leave his Post and Vaino as his successor I recommended.
The smile convincing faces?
This step has made Moscow shrouded in mystery.
Sergei Ivanov was for a long time one of the closest to Vladimir Putin's and working for the Soviet secret service, the KGB.
As chief of staff he was one of the most powerful men in the country.
At a Meeting with President Putin that was broadcast on television, claimed both men, that the chief of staff, at his own request.
But despite the smiles for the cameras, here are just a few convinced - especially now, shortly before the parliamentary elections.
The result is a kind of here is so the fight makes?
No one knows currently.
But the official statement - that a man who was once touted as a potential President, would like to redirect to once the Russian environmental policy - met with great skepticism.
In his remarks to Putin, cited on the Kremlin Website, said Ivanov, "it is true that I asked you at the beginning of 2012, in a conversation, to me this is very complicated Post - one might almost say arduous Post for four years.
As it turns out, I am for four years and eight months, Chairman of the Russian presidential administration.
Ivanov took up the Post in December 2011.
Previously, he was Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of defense.
He is a member of the Russian security Council, and like Putin a former member of the state security service KGB.
In the late 1990s, when Putin was Chairman of the Federal security service (FSB), which replaced the KGB, Ivanov appointed his Deputy.
As Putin came to Power, was he named Ivanov as one of the five people he trusted most.
It was once believed that Ivanov could be Putin's second term in office, President of Russia, since a third term in office, Putin would violate the Constitution.
But this Post was taken from another close ally of Putin, Dmitry Medvedev.
Putin, the Prime Minister was before he was three and a half years later, President.
Criminal Minds Star Thomas Gibson was fired after he beat producers
Gibson was involved last month in a physical confrontation on the Set of the series in Los Angeles.
ABC Studios and CBS Television Studios will produce the series, announced in a joint response to its notice of termination.
Gibson, who played the Special Agent Aaron Hotchner, apologized on Thursday prior to the notice of his termination to the public.
On the Set, it came down to artistic differences, and a difference of opinion.
I regret the incident," he said in a message.
Details of how the character of Gibson's from the series that follows a Team of FBI agents, is written, are published, according to the opinion of ABC Studios and CBS Television Studios are likely to at a later date.
The 54-Year-old had previously played in the Sitcom Dharma & Greg, was since the first season of the series in 2005.
"I love Criminal Minds and have spent the last twelve years my whole heart and soul," said Gibson in a Friday communication.
I was hoping to the end, but this will not now be possible.
I would just like to thank the writers, producers, actors, our wonderful Crew and the best Fans you could wish for one series only.
The planned broadcast of the twelfth season is on the 28. September recognized.
Mystery fish that ended up in the garden in Banff
A resident of Banff requested the identification of the fish to help in his garden in Banff showed up.
Kevin Bain thinks that in the case of the 75 fish species Sandeel could be, the fountain has survived.
Mr Bain, who lives about 500 meters from the sea, published on the Periscope is a Video of the spectacle in the hope that someone could shed some light on the appearance of the two-inch long fish.
Queensferry Crossing: a bridge associated with Fife
The £ 1.35 billion expensive project is to be completed by may 2017
Engineers have connected the North deck of the Queensferry Crossings with the viaduct - which means that the bridge is now connected with Fife.
It is the first of four welds of the "deck blower", the approach of the completion of each of the three towers of the bridge.
The bridge section of Fife is now 600 metres long, and weighs 30,000 tons.
He has over 10,000 tonnes of steel and 20,000 tonnes of concrete and 46 inclined in a hurry.
The £ 1.35 billion expensive project is to be completed by may 2017.
Economy Minister Keith Brown visited the site a visit today and was one of the First that went from the country up to the bridge.
He said: "This is an historic and symbolic Moment in the construction of the Queensferry Crossings.
We are all witnesses of an art of engineering from a truly epic dimensions in this project, with more than 30,000 tons of concrete and steel, which were alone used for that part of the bridge.
In spite of the massive size and weight of the bridge, is the completion of the closure between the viaduct and the bridge deck is a delicate activity, which require extremely precise tolerances for the fit.
A total of 79% of the total bridge decks are almost in place, and the last section of the deck gets today in Rosyth on a concrete casting for the Deck, which means that the entire Deck is ready to be on the bridge in its place lifted.
Michael Martin, project Director of Forth Crossing Bridge Constructors, said: "The first closure represents for each bridge project, a significant milestone.
In the case of this fantastic project, the closure of future - oriented High-rise and civil engineering.
After the Installation of the last street deck section and its connection with the Expansion of the existing North tower deck, we had to close then, the still existing gap on the North or land side.
This was achieved by Pulling the Northern Shuttle bridge 700 mm in the South.
This was a massive and at the same time very delicate activity.
Solid, because the viaduct is 222 meters long, approximately 6,000 tons of weighs and at a slope of approximately 3 % to the top had to be drawn.
Tricky, since the tolerances the Team is working towards, were tiny - on each side, they amounted to only a few millimeters.
Fortunately, everything went very well.
Rescue in Moelfre Bay: Three men have to be "lucky to be alive"
Three men have to be "lucky to be alive" after they were thrown from their fishing boat off Anglesey.
The Moelfre RNLI lifeboat station struck on Friday of 13:20 BST the Alarm after the Crew watched the event in Moelfre Bay.
The three men had to swim the difficulties in security, while your boat from your own strength moving.
"We saw the boat in their vicinity turned around and introduced us to the worst of it," said the head of the rescue station of Moelfre Vince Jones.
"Fortunately the strong winds have blown the boat out of their reach, until we were to the water," he added.
Two of the men were rescued by a local fishing boat, while the third man, exhausted at the age of 60 and to a buoy hanging out without a life jacket was found.
They all came on Board the inshore rescue boat and were brought back to the rescue station
Mr Jones said: "The three men were thrown into the water, lucky to be unharmed and still alive.
The boat engine had a engine Stop switch lanyard, this los resolved, however, to the capsizing of the boat of the Person who was steering the boat.
Someone was watching over these men.
Seriously injured man stabs his Ex-girlfriend
A man has attacked his Ex-girlfriend in Hamburg-Harburg with a knife and seriously injured.
The police announced yesterday, had to get the 50-Year-old the keys to the apartment to get his personal things.
Instead, the intoxicated perpetrator cut up the clothes of his Ex-girlfriend.
As this came in the apartment, he stabbed twice on you.
The 44-Year-old was wounded in the Hand and on the body.
The police were able to take the offender.
During the 50-Year-old, the clothing of his Ex-destroyed girlfriend, he called his mother.
This alerted then his sister.
Together with her partner, the 45-Year-old wanted to calm her brother down.
You could not move him but to leave the apartment.
That's why she went with her partner out of the house.
On the street she met the Ex-girlfriend of the man.
As the two women entered the apartment again, pushed the 50-Year-old his sister to the side and attacked his Ex-girlfriend.
Who builds the city cheap apartments?
The SPD and the greens think that investors will in future have to be taken much more responsibility.
How to respond to the bad news that Braunschweig will lose in the next few years, almost 1,300 affordable apartments?
The SPD proposes to the next meeting of the Council, a "concept of Housing".
But the dispute is programmed.
First and foremost, the question is: Who should build the affordable housing?
A control is missing so far.
SPD parliamentary group Chairman Christoph Bratmann says: "We are with the Greens agree: Who wants to build on city land, must in future designate 20 per cent of all housing as social housing."
The cheap apartments, however, can also arise in the portfolio.
The major point of contention in the town hall, however, so Bratmann: "How do you deal with investors who want to build on private land?"
"We want investors to build on such land at least 10 percent, but preferably 20 percent of the apartments as social housing."
A new urban housing assistance program, which will cost millions and still has to be financed, is to provide incentives.
The Problem, Bratmann: "There is currently no agreement between the factions."
The CDU wants to make investors a minimum number of rules.
The Left wants yet requirements for investors hardness.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, so Bratmann, to make an aggravation of the Situation on the housing market.
The action concept is implemented, it will provide for additional duties in the construction administration.
More staff is needed.
It is unclear whether we will get the professionals.
But still the program is not entirely Because of the approximately 1260 new apartments should be built.
But how you can compensate for the loss of a further approximately 1300 affordable housing, the development of which will expire in the next few years?
Alone up to the year 2020, there will be 500 apartments.
To prevent this, the planning policy spokeswoman Nicole Palm, should now be expiring at the end of bonds of the city purchased.
In addition, would have to be thought about, to bring apartments back into the price-fixing.
This is in the West side of the city.
At a stroke the Problem could be solved.
Because in the West end of the city, the time limits run of the year.
Approximately 1800 homes, you could get there and back in the price fixing for cheap apartments.
Only: The owners, the housing associations do not want to.
Because the number of social housing units in the West side of the city is increased dramatically, it moves away from the target of the so-called mixing.
A concentration of socially weak in a few city, there will be no more parts.
The Greens expect that there will be any movement in the discussion.
Group Chairman Holger Herlitschke says: "For a wide majority, the CDU must be in the boat."
The have focused on more building sites for single family homes.
Which is not to say, however, that is not a compromise can be found.
Pokémon Go, a hunting after health and happiness, is worth it
It is fascinating to watch how the world is changing.
That a Teenager and child to Play and not go outside, but rather, prefer to spend their free time on screens to stare at, it was complained in the last decade by many.
In Pokemon Go to get people off the Sofa and active.
The time on the screen was initially limited to the TV, then video games, and most recently on Smartphones.
Therefore, it is not great to see that technology and activities to exclude Outdoor each other.
I refer of course to the Pokémon Go-delusion, an App based on the characters that were initially created for the video games in the 1990s (and later a cartoon series, game cards, and other Spin-Offs).
How many phenomena of popular culture decreased, the interest prior to the release of the game in the United States, Australia and new Zealand at the beginning of July something.
The market introduction in other countries has been postponed due to the massive demand that overloaded the Server.
Within a few days pokemon Go had more users than Tinder and almost as many as Twitter.
How does it work?
In short the player is told to go with their Smartphones out and are looking for Pokémons that will be followed with a GPS tracked and, once they have been found, "photographed" (can be taken via a Screenshot on the phone) or "caught".
A Generation that played the game, when she was younger, joined the craze and jumped for the search of your Sofa.
In the USA the game has led to a considerable increase in steps the "average" Person puts in every day.
Cardiogram, an App for Apple Watch, which follows 35.000 users post, told the Washington Post recently that within two days after the launch of the game, the number of post people who train every day for 30 minutes, followed by 45 percent to 53 percent started.
The company does not know who plays of Pokémon Go - it only provides the raw data to increase performance.
Many public awareness campaigns for health, the people want to take "30 minutes," "come from the Sofa" and "to be active every day" fell on deaf ears, because many of the public messages on health are boring, and people come, the misery of appearance.
Nevertheless, the importance of sports cannot be overstated.
Those who exercised regularly, reduced their chances of developing cancer or depression.
Physical activity helps with weight control, high blood pressure, Diabetes and a long list of benefits is too long to cite here.
But the wonder is full to Pokémon Go, that it brings the people to do something Outdoors that is fun.
Thus, the three pillars of health are exercise, fresh air and sunshine as well as fun.
Some people close to hunting and even new friendships.
As always, there are also grumpy party-pooper, who must always complain about something.
And Yes, someone could run against a door.
What's the point?
It has been a breakthrough.
Even if Smartphone Apps such as Fitbit already track our activity, they gave us no reason to go in for sports, as it does in this game.
The New one will lose its appeal and the use will abate with time.
Because of Pokemons success, but there will be more games, Apps and virtual reality with the active associations in the real world, and many people on the hunt will help you to be more active, fitter and healthier.
You can read Dr. Joe's Blog on www.drjoetoday.com
Simone Biles creates Gold in women's gymnastics
You forget the pressure.
You forget the Hype.
Simone Biles is on all the immune.
Dynamically on the go horse.
Effortlessly on the beam.
Stunning on the floor.
All along the line brilliant.
And now finally, an Olympic champion.
The 19-year-old American gymnast climbed on Thursday to the more combat title, and enlarged the gap between itself and the Rest of the world before the eyes of all under the spotlight of the Olympic games.
Your overall result of 62,198 was clearly in front of silver medal winner and the "Final Five"-along with teammate Aly Raisman and Russian bronze medallist Aliya all around title.
The Americans Simone Biles turns on the balance beam during the single multi-fight finals of the women's artistic gymnastics at the Olympic summer games in Rio de Janeiro in 2016, Brazil, Thursday.
Biles is the fourth heterosexual American to win a multi-fight title and a total of the fifth, while consolidating its reputation, to the Best of their Generation, or even at all.
She burst into tears, as your end result, it was shown, and their long journey took place in this Moment.
This success puts them in the same League as unique athletes such as Michael Phelps, have brought their sports to new heights:
Biles has dominated the last three years of your sports, 15 world championship medals - including 10 gold medals - amazing Exercises won, which include a mixture of ambition and precision, that the Olympic champion of 1984, Mary Lou Retton from her said that she is "the best gymnast I've ever seen."
It was expected to be a final test in Brazil, a competition that was not so much between Biles and the Rest of the athletes, but rather between her and a load of oversized expectations.
Not with a handful of Gold to return back to the family in Spring, Texas, would be viewed as a disappointment.
The Americans Simone Biles, left, and Aly Raisman hugging, after you have each won Gold and silver in the individual and more fighting women's final in the artistic gymnastics at the summer Olympics in 2016 in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, Thursday, 
Biles is the first medal on Tuesday, while she served on the farewell party of retirement doers team coordinator Martha Karolyi as a exclamation mark.
Although Biles insisted to have during their long way to the top, never the future, this is not really true.
A part of your floor exercises - which contain the typical Tumbling Pass is aligned with Latin American music, the home would fit on the street outside of the Olympic arena in Rio.
This is not a coincidence.
This is a girl, adopted by her grandparents as a small child, and coach Aimee Boorman's mother during a school trip in the gymnasium was discovered in the Boorman trained, was to the force.
She has lost since the summer of 2013, no more fight, more competition, a winning streak that will continue as long as it wishes Biles.
Even if all around title, led by two spins easily, trügte the image.
Balance beam and Floor exercise - in which Biles holds the title of world champion - lurked.
She repeated with 15,433 on the balance beam again, and continued with a 15,933 on the floor.
Raisman hugged her gently as they awaited their end result - a pure formality - and tears streamed on Biles shiny red, white and blue Eyeliner, as the Vision that you once described in your collection, became reality.
The performance Raismans was a revenge for the last Time four years ago, as they fought for third place but the bronze medal went to a Tiebrake in all around title.
This Time the 22-year-old team captain, called by the Americans "grandma" had a head start.
After her floor exercise, she threw the audience a kiss, hands, overwhelmed by a Comeback that seemed sometimes doubtful.
What concerns Biles, the fast-spreading Tweet of the 19-Year-old from the beginning of this week has a whole new meaning:
Police: 3 victims in a serial killer case when listening to music in the car shot
According to the police reports, which were released on Thursday, were shot and killed two women and a 12-year-old girl who died in one of the deadliest attacks since a decade in the first serial killer case in Phoenix, while you were in the car and listened to music.
Angela Rochelle Liner, Stefanie R. Ellis and Ellis ' daughter Maleah were on 12. June shot, while the car was parked in a driveway, authorities said.
The offender fired eight shots from a handgun, while he was standing on the passenger side of the car and fled afterwards with another vehicle, is to be read in the report.
The police said that the triple murder does not seem to be the result of a Robbery as the attackers were the handbags or the $ 2.900 took, in the possession of one of the adult victims.
The police spokesman from Phoenix Sgt Jonathan Howard said the shooting led investigators to a closer look at it, if it is connected to four previous attacks.
Overall, primarily in Hispanic neighborhoods were killed within four months in nine attacks, seven people and two more injured.
"It happens in a residential area in front of a house," said Howard of the KHPO, a subsidiary of CBS, the beginning of the month.
It is believed that the Suspects used several vehicles, including a brown Nissan from the late 1990s, a black BMW from the late 1990s, and a white Cadillac or Lincoln.
The investigators refused, the evidence disclose that you have led to the conclusion that the attacks are linked and of the same murderer committed.
Ellis, 33, was hospitalized due to her injuries and died later.
Liner, 31, and Ellis ' daughter Maleah died on the spot.
A witness informed the police that it was not uncommon to sit in a parked car and listen to music.
The authorities published a police report about the shooting, which was aimed at an empty Pickup Truck a half hour before the triple murder, and from which it is assumed that it was the work of a serial killer.
Investigators found shell casings and secured a ball from the seat, as well as bullet fragments from the engine compartment.
The mother of a 6-Year-old with Microcephaly: "It gets better"
Like most 6-Year-old Edmund Picciuto loves to Sing, toys and, of course, his mother.
But as the least of his contemporaries Edmund Microcephaly, the result of a genetic disorder, which his mother, Elizabeth Picciuto know during your pregnancy nothing.
When he first came home, was my first thought, I can do this.
I can't do it.
I've gotten myself into.
What is not true at all -- of course you admitted it," she said.
Her husband Vincent, and she was informed that Edmund can, you may never recognize and that he may not survive.
Some Doctors even went so far that they proposed to institutionalize him.
"My initial response was, 'I knew that the people make are still,'" explained Picciuto.
Edmund can run with the help of a Walker.
Edmund was able to sit up to the age of three, or crawl and he still can not speak.
But he is making slow progress.
He can walk with support and to ride a Bicycle.
He also loves to play with his two brothers and to sing.
Elizabeth shows the sign language devised by Edmund for "Please sing to me"."
"We teach him sign language," told Picciuto CBS News.
But it is not a typical sign language -- is she says. Edmund has invented some of the characters alone.
Microcephaly has numerous causes: genetic, such as in the case of Edmund, as well as infections with viruses such as measles or the Zikavirus during pregnancy.
The symptoms and prognosis can vary greatly.
It is still too early to say how it will affect the life of the Zikavirus Infected.
Picciuto remembers the emotional price of an uncertain future.
I constantly asked, what will happen?
What is going to happen?
And you know, it is still not really.
I haven't been asked for a long time, according to the forecast, because I expect that you can tell someone really.
But Picciuto has a hopeful piece of advice for mothers of infants with birth defects that were caused by the Zikavirus.
It will be better.
You know that it will be better for you.
You will love your child and your child will love.
Heavy rains, Flooding gives rise to rescues in Louisiana, Mississippi
Heavy rains and widespread Flooding in Louisiana forced the Governor, on Friday declared a state of emergency to declare. It is expected all day Saturday with more rain.
Numerous rivers in the Southeast Louisiana and South Mississippi flooded its banks, and threatened widespread Flooding after extreme rainfall, reported the National weather service.
The Governor of Louisiana John Bel Edwards said that state officials are in constant contact with the local authorities and assistance to the affected communities was already underway.
Mike Steele, a spokesman for the Office of Homeland Security and Emergency Preparedness of the Governor, informed that the requests for high-water vehicles, boats, and sandbags began to increase.
Steele said that the parish of Tangipahoa would have required tens of thousands of sand bags.
A flood warning system is used on large parts in the South of Louisiana until Saturday.
The weather service had said that in this area an additional 3 to 5 inches of rain could fall.
In the South, of Alabama, was used on Friday, a flood early warning system, while it was raining in the Mobile area of Mobile.
The river Comite, in the vicinity of Baton Rouges and the river Amite in the vicinity of Denham Springs, both of which are located in Louisiana, will reach, in all probability, over the weekend, a record level.
The Metereologe Alek herb man says that both rivers could flood a lot of houses in the suburb areas near Baton Rouge.
He also said that a stream is downstream Flooding in Ascension Parish is a risk, as these will flow through the which flows only slowly in the Lake Maurepas.
The river Tickfaw, South of the Mississippi state line in Liverpool, Louisiana, reached on Friday at 09.00, the highest level ever recorded.
Rescue teams plucked still the people out of the flood water in the counties of Amite and Wilkinson in the southwest of Mississippi.
Leroy Hansford, his wife and his stepson were among those who were rescued on Friday in the vicinity of Gloster.
Hansford, 62, says that the waters of Beaver Creek, which is usually more than 400 feet from his house, rise over night.
He said that him and another stepson who lives in the vicinity, would have warned.
"We woke up and the water flowed and flowed," said Hansford.
It reached my waist.
His wife said Hansford, that you have seen in the 48 years that they lived there, never seen such a high level of the river.
Hansford said he and his family members all had disabilities and he was the Only one who can swim.
Hansford said that emergency responders have rescued all three in a large military truck and they would be brought to the next fire station in Gloster, where they were up to the Friday accommodated.
Herb man said that the Flood "had spread quickly," because there were still heavy rains and the authorities, evacuation instructions were in consideration.
According to the herb man, an observer in the vicinity of Livingstone from midnight until Friday pending rain in the morning from 13,75 inch.
Herb man said that the soil was saturated by the rains since Wednesday significantly.
The authorities indicated that heavy rains and street flooding to the rescue of inhabitants from their homes, caused the districts in Tangipahoa Parish and the loss of teaching time in five school.
The CBS-daughter station WWL reported that a coordinate in Tangipahoa stated 200 flooded houses.
The inhabitants were evacuated in two churches, which were now flooded both of them.
The head of the municipality of Robby Miller said that the authorities would have rescued 72 people and seven Pets that were washed ashore by the high water.
In the cities of Amite and Hammond emergency shelters were set up to house the Evacuees.
"As soon as the water return starts, you will be able to go back in their houses back," he said.
In the city Hammond of the parish of Tangipahoa, nearly two dozen roads were closed due to high water and sand bags for residents to take with you provided the hope that the water from their houses and shops.
"The last big Flood we had was in March," said Lacy Landrum of the municipal administration.
This seems to be a similar incident.
In Mississipp, the emergency Manager Rupert Lacy, the Harrison County said that it was raining on the Gulf coast.
According to his information, a handful of houses were reported on Thursday as flooded, but on Friday were reported up to now, no.
Keith Townson, Manager at shoppers Value Foods in Amite, has been living for 40 years in the area.
"I've seen water in places I've never seen before," said Townson, "and it's still coming."
Mahaj Brown, 6, "riddled with bullets", survived a shooting in Philadelphia
The police informs that the 6-year-old Boy was shot in Philadelphia, this week already the second Time that a 6-year-old child is shot.
The grandparents of the boy identified him for CBS in Philadelphia as Mahaj Brown.
The grandparents reported that Brown suffered multiple gunshot wounds, including in the loin, leg, Arm and abdomen, but that he was at the time of his Transport to the hospital conscious.
"He has been through a lot, his little body was riddled with bullets," said his grandmother, Delores Melendez the transmitter.
I just can't believe.
The condition of the boy has been placed in a hospital as critical and he had to undergo several operations.
The family of the boy told the TV station that he is expected to recover.
He should have started in the first grade in a local elementary school.
Brown was one of four people who were shot in Germantown.
Also shot three men: two at the age of 29 and 32, were shot-Year-old.
The 29-year-old man is in critical condition; the other two victims, according to CBS Philadelphia in stable condition.
The Boy was found dead in the front seat of a car together with the 29-Year-old is in critical condition, shot in the head, reports the station.
The other two victims were not in the car, and the police are currently determining whether one of the injured men, the offender could be located.
Investigators told CBS Philadelphia that it was, apparently, came to a cross-fire between multiple Shooters.
Cartridges for assault rifles, which were traced back to various assault rifles, covered the scene of the crime.
It seems that it was clearly an ongoing struggle.
On the road, on both sides of the walkway, there were sleeves.
So it seems to have several armed fighters given, which were very actively involved," said police hautpmann Anthony Ginaldi the police in Philadelphia the transmitter.
There are also several houses and vehicles in the area were taken.
There were no arrests and the police are now checking Reports of the surveillance video.
On Tuesday, a further 6 have been met-year-old girl by a stray bullet in the Arm, as she played in front of their house in the residential area of West Oak Lane.
She is recovering and police are searching for a Suspect.
Which is why we need Simone, Gabby, and Laurie
This is what I me women Olympic team in gymnastics to introduce, and for more than one reason.
First of all, I'm in it since 1984, each summer Olympics and the United States were never so dominant.
And secondly: This team has three gymnasts, Simone Biles, Gabby Douglas and Lauren "Laurie" Hernandez, who worked for many young girls of color inspiring.
The structure of this team, Aly Raisman, who is Jewish, and Madison Kocian, who is Catholic, rounding, makes everyone proud.
This team reflects, finally, the United States.
It is black and Hispanic has solidified ash female presence at the top of this sport.
In the last four years, the number one was under the female gymnasts an African-American.
Last year Simone and Gabby #1 and #2.
The shows strength.
At the last Olympics, Gabby Douglas was cheered a surprising Olympic medallist and America.
Now, the world was able to witness the incredible performance of the three-time world champion, Simone Biles, Douglas and Laurie Hernandez, as you unexpected, however, masterful gymastik routines provided.
On Thursday, Simone was the fourth, heterosexual American, who won an individual more fight event for women Gold.
Team member Aly Raisman won the silver.
We experience the top of these sports, but gymnastics does not see classes in the whole country.
Simone, Gabby, and Laurie were all in the same way as Aly and Madison, to make it to the Olympic Team.
They are the "Final Five", because the next Olympic team will only have four gymnasts in the team. In addition, this is the last year with Marta Karolyi as a trainer.
But the reality is that gymnastics is an expensive Sport, and Turner, primarily in private gymnastics clubs that are obtained from parents for the training, equipment, travel, clothing, competition and hotel costs (for the Trainer and the gymnasts and families). The list can go on and on.
The majority of these gym clubs are located in wealthy suburbs that can support the business.
In these Clubs, the gymnasts received their entire Training, and this is for the families of an expensive and long-term commitment.
Aimee Boorman, coach of Simone Biles, and Maggie Haney, trainer of Laurie Hernandez, both have trained their athletes since she started with gymnastics.
We need to allow the municipalities to do so on countless young girls, inspired by Simone, Gabby, and Laurie, a leistbareres and easier to understand turn training.
I founded my turn Foundation of 20 years.
At my events, we have trained free and affordable gymnastics in Harlem for over 15,000 urban youth (especially black and Hispanic) and national and international winners.
In September, we will be expanding to Detroit (my home town), to offer youth high-quality gymnastics, deserve the opportunity to learn from this great Olympic sports, and to benefit.
Gymnastics develops strength, flexibility, and coordination for the body as well as hard work, discipline, and determination for the spirit.
This combination offers life long health benefits, as well as for academic and professional success.
It is the Inspiration of this team, which will bring thousands of young girls are interested in gymnastics, and that's great.
It is so important to participate in sports, especially for girls.
This is such an exciting time.
Thank you Simone, Aly, Laurie, Gabby, and Madison for this real representation of "Girl Power" by bringing the Olympic Mannschaftsgolds and thank you, barrel, you motivated so many young girls with different backgrounds, to start your path to be healthy, strong and successful young women.
Residents want to organise further strikes after you have rejected Jeremy hunt's proposal
The Minister had hoped to be able to dispute the Changes by the adoption of a reformed contract with the officials of the British Medical Association to quit, but 58 percent of the 37,000 residents, who voted at an election, rejected him.
In July, Hunt had revealed the plans, the contract to forcibly introduce and said that the NHS was in a "no man's land" and any further delay for the employees and patients would be harmful.
The first interns to get a new contract, to night, the Changes and weekend work contains, in order to improve the care to inhospitable times.
Dr Ellen McCourt, the Chairman of the BMA's Committee for resident physicians announced last night in a text message: "Junior doctors have to the proposed Treaty, serious concerns remain, in particular, that fuel the current workforce crisis, and it will fail to treat all the Doctors."
With only eight weeks left until the first group of Doctors to fall under the new contract, progress is being made and time is running out.
Efforts on the part of the BMA to solve the disputes through talks, met with the government to participate reluctantly, and sometimes in deafening Silence.
The happened of of a promise that was made to Jeremy Hunt last month that his door would always be open.
"Jeremy Hunt must act now, the Imposition, repeal, and the Concerns of the Junior doctors response".
He should not do this, so have made it to the interns it clear that they are ready for further industrial action.
The last strike at the end of April was a delay of nearly 13,000 routine operations and 100,000 appointments, as nurses, and specialists were involved to provide Doctors on the picket-line coverage.
The Minister had hoped to be able to dispute the Changes by the adoption of the reformed contract with the officials of the British Medical Association to quit.
The BMA would like to have a better week dent the reward for the 54,000 residents, which are subject to the contract.
Daniel Mortimer, Director General of NHS employees, called on the assistance of doctors to end the strike.
Mortimer said: "industrial action will achieve nothing, the only little but add stress to already overburdened Teams and service providers and prepare the patients, carers and their families Worry, Distress and disruption."
In the last two months we have spoken with the Committee of interns and with the Ministry of health and other ministries positively on the concerns regarding the guardianship and the whistleblo wings answered.
The employers hoped that the continuing positive Engagement of other important topics - such as deployment, flexibility in training, extra training for those returning from career breaks, Schulungsk, mutual recognition of the curriculum, training leave and the gender wage gap in the medical a sign of how seriously the employer, the Health Education England and the Department of health regarding the compliance of the agreements with the BMA in November, February and may.
The £2-per-day drug, which can lower heart attack risk
Thousands of heart attack patients will benefit from a £2-per-day medication, after by the authorities, it was recommended this to more people for a longer period of time to administer.
The antiplatelet drug Ticagrelor reduces the risk of repeated heart attacks for people with heart disease.
The drug is already administered for 12 months after a heart attack, reducing the risk of a stroke or another heart attack is reduced.
The regulatory authority NICE, the NHS has recommended a four-year-long taking to reduce the risk of cardiovascular problems.
The regulatory authority NICE, the NHS has recommended a four-year-long taking to reduce the risk of cardiovascular problems.
Around 140,000 people suffer each year from a heart attack and a quarter of them will suffer another heart attack or a stroke.
Heart attacks and strokes fat seizures by collections containing material in the arteries causes the walls, of the pads.
If the plaque breaks apart, it can cause a blood clot that plugs the blood flow to the heart and thus a heart attack caused.
If the blood clot breaks off, it can flow through the blood stream and the blood flow to the brain become clogged, which caused a stroke.
People who have already had a heart attack, are subject to a higher risk of another one.
Ticagrelor, which is manufactured by the British company AstraZeneca under the trade name Brilique is distributed, reduced this risk by making blood clots less likely.
The manual design from NICE, published today, recommends a 12-month intake of 90mg Ticagrelor, followed by 60mg with a twice daily intake of Aspirin for the next three years.
Professor Carole Longson, Director of NICE's health technology evaluation centre, said: "Despite the availability of secondary prevention, a quarter of all people who have suffered a heart attack will have another heart attack or a stroke - often with disastrous consequences."
The fear of a recurrence of a heart attack can have a significant negative impact on the quality of life of a Person.
The experience shows that Ticagrelor in combination with Aspirin is effective in the reduction of further heart attacks and strokes in people who already had a heart attack.
By a provisional recommendation of Ticagrelor, we are pleased that we are able to expand available treatment options to the thousands of people who can benefit from it.
The Information on the efficacy and safety of Ticagrelor - especially the risk of bleeding is limited to a period of up to three years. The draft does not recommend a treatment that goes beyond this period.
The culture of Political Correctness makes electoral fraud in Muslim areas to flourish
The former mayor of Tower Hamlets Lutfur Rahman was removed last year at the instigation of a government report due to corruption from office
A culture of Political Correctness has led to widespread electoral fraud in Muslim communities knowingly ignored a damning government report issued today open.
The former Cabinet member Sir Eric Pickles attacks verbally the police, election observers, and town halls, to have evidence of electoral abuse because of "sensitivities about ethnicity and Religion" are ignored.
The former Minister for Integration and local government, which is now a Antkorruptionskönig, said that the intimidation of voters from religious motives would not be so bad, that the police service should be permitted, shut-off tapes outside of polling booths set up to protect intimidated voters.
He recommends that voters should bring identification, to prove in the case of elections of their identity.
At the time a voter has to merely state his name and address.
The report proposes that non-removable ink on the Finger of a Person to apply, if you give voice to your choice, in order to prevent someone chooses twice.
Whistleblowers should get more protection, says Sir Eric.
He demands that the press should have more access to community documents and decisions of non-official committees or working groups.
"This is not fraud against choice, but also to protect the municipal government, the broader corruption and financial fraud culture, which goes hand in hand with this," he said.
The report was ordered by Downing Street as a result of the Tower Hamlets election scandal in East London.
Last year, a special election court ruled that the incumbent mayor Lutfur Rahman should be removed from a litany of corrupt and illegal practices of his office.
The court held that Rahman had perverted the religious feelings of his Muslim community"in a cynical way," and that he would have brought his critics with Racism and Islamophobia accusations to Silence.
Rahman is said to have managed "his campaign on the basis that it is the religious duty of Muslims to elect him."
Up to 300 votes in doubt or the result of imitation, when a Person chooses than someone else either.
Sir Eric said that there are in the entire country evidence of fraud.
He expressed, in particular, is alarming, to fraudulent absentee voting - in the case of the older members of the Muslim community to put pressure on people would be made to choose a candidate of their choice.
Sir Eric, pictured, made several recommendations to clean the electoral system, including ID Cards, in order to prove the identity
In his report, says: "As evidence has mounted that print to the protection of vulnerable members was exercised of some ethnic minorities, to choose, in particular, women and young people, according to the will of the Elderly, in particular, communities with Pakistani or Bangla chischem the Background.
"There was a concern that... state institutions had ignored the knowledge of such a behavior on the basis of the "politically correct" sensitivities about the ethnicity and Religion of the times."
Sir Eric said 50 recommendations to clean the System, including the ban of political activists letter to the choice to edit documents, in order to stop the "choice of crop".
The report, drawn by Theresa May into consideration, also wants tougher registration checks, to prevent the dial directory to immigration and social purposes, fraud is used.
Options to ask voters before the election, after their identification.
Non-removable ink on the Finger of a Person to use, once you has voted, in order to prevent someone chooses twice.
Systematic Reviews on the nationality of a Person to carry out, to ensure that you are eligible to vote.
A three-year limitation on applications for an automatic postal vote.
Prohibition of political activists edit complete absentee ballots and envelopes from the absentee ballots.
The police have the power to give, barriers to choice stations.
A change in the law that facilitates prosecution due to intimidation, in accordance with the Representation of the People Act 1983 (the representatives of the people act 1983).
Ban on photography in polling stations.
Requirement that only English may be used in the polling stations (with the exception of Wales).
Intensification of the training to ensure that employees enforce the rule that voters have to go alone into the voting booth.
Sir Eric falls on the Metropolitan Police, and finds it "amazing" that the Tower Hamlets case, no criminal complaint was made.
"The electoral court has Lutfur Rahman and his Deputy for due to a litany of corrupt and illegal practices as unfit explained," he said.
It was due to a number of reasons, for sufficiently - according to the high requirements in the criminal procedure - guilty plea.
He also criticized the ineffective "Abhakkontrollen" the electoral registration departments of the town halls.
Sir Eric said: "The court's decision in Tower Hamlets last year was a warning sign.
Our country bears as the mother of parliaments a proud heritage, but all of the worrying and covert spread of electoral fraud and denial of some authorities to threaten this reputation.
Cyclists DoppelgangeR and other famous doppelgangers of Olympic athletes in Rio crazy about Kate's
Fans of the 2016 Olympics in Rio this week about the French cyclist Pauline Ferrand-Prevot out-of-Band, which has proved to be a stunning DoppelgangeR of the Duchess of Cambridge.
But the 24-year-old Olympian is not this summer, by far the only, Gold Athlete, which has its own famous DoppelgangeR - not fighting, at least, if you trust the social media to Believe.
In honor of the Olympic games in Rio and all the famous faces that flicker on our screens, FEMAIL created a list of Olympians, more than a certain Similarity with Hollywood celebrities.
The hunter and the Wolf: a team member of the US team archery Brady Ellison, left, is compared since Childhood with Leonardo DiCaprio
Except for Kate's DoppelgangeR on the Cycling track, many people pointed out in the Internet, like a certain arch of the twin of A celebrity Leonardo DiCaprio shooter could be.
The team is a member of the U.S. team in archery Brady Ellison has caused a rush to Twitter, after pictures, on which he sees the Wolf of Wall Street Star eerily similar, appeared.
In fact, the bow was shooter the madness in the social media and admitted that he gets already been listening to since his Childhood that he looks like Leo.
"I don't see any great Similarity, with the exception of the facial hair," said Brady of the Huffington Post.
"He is a good-looking guy, so I'll take that as a compliment."
One of the most popular comparisons since London 2012 and will enter this year without a doubt even more of a priority: the aufallende Similarity between the British long jumper Greg Rutherford and the popular actor Neil Patrick Harris.
The Russian gymnast Aliya all around title with her big, expressive eyes should be able to go in as a DoppelgangeR for the Cuban-American singer Gloria Estefan.
And in swimming, the South African swimmer Cameron van der Burgh is the basin for years with the Glee Star Matthew Morrison compared.
A gear higher: This User is of the opinion that Nathan is the "athletic" Version of the Inception actor
Another ongoing comparison has been drawn between the tennis star Rafael Nadal and actor Josh Hartnett, similar to heavy eyebrows and lips.
The Russian silver medal swimmer Yulia Efimova has more than just the sun-tanned skin and blond hair, such as actress Annalynne McCord, while the Americans Nathan Adrian of Fans attested to the same of a "more athletic Version of Joseph Gordon Levitt".
Strong women: soccer star Hope Solo, left, and Dexter actress Jennifer Carpenter, on the right, have a similar face shape and eyes
Not the Only one: A Twitter User was very happy about the fact that the other hand, the Similarities are also noticed
Theory in the space provided: According to this User for the Similarity of the pair, perhaps for a reason
A Twitter user explained to your satisfaction, that "the Rest of the Internet thinks that Hope Solo and Jennifer Carpenter are almost identical."
In fact, the US soccer star Hope Solo and the Dexter actress Jennifer Carpenter have an incredibly similar face shape and eyes.
Other popular comparisons consisted of Kerri Walsh-Jennings and her Smile, which is almost identical to the actress Laura Linney, as well as the gold medal winner in gymnastics, Gabby Douglas, having your own beautiful, wide Smile, similar to the Bring It On Star Gabrielle Union.
CBC commentator for the Olympic games apologizes for his statement that Chinese swimmer "died like a pig"
Byron MacDonald's analysis on the fourth place of the 14-year-old Ai Yanhan dr 4x200m freestyle swimming relay outraged viewers of the CBC live broadcast of the Olmypischen games on Wednesday
The canadian broadcaster CBC had to apologize after one of its commentators said that the 14-year-old Chinese swimmer "going like stink" and during the race, such as "a pig died".
The commentator Byron MacDonald's thought that his microphone was switched off when he at the end of the 4x200m freestyle swimming relay his own opinions.
MacDonald, who had been brought into the commentators ' team of the CBS Board, to give more "color", you could say: "This little 14-year-old Chinese woman has lost the connection, Baby."
Too excited, went like stink, he died like a pig.
Thank you for that.
The Chinese swimmer Ai Yanhan, 14, swam Canada's Taylor Ruck, which allowed the Canadians to catch up with the second leg of the swimming relay 1:57,79 - 1.61 seconds slower than the gap to China.
Viewers across Canada responded quickly online, after they were shocked by the tone and the language
Emmett Macfarlane tweet, " said the CBC commentator just that the 14-year-old swimmer from China, "died like a pig"????
The Idiot has not realized that they were still on the air."
Ai Yanhan from China was in the final 4 x 200m freestyle relay women's swimming described the following way: "This little 14-year-old Chinese woman has lost the connection, Baby."
The criticism against Byron MacDonald on Twitter came fast and hard, with many made-to-speech
Twitter Users are not held back, when they heard how insensitive Byron MacDonald was
Another Twitter user Sarah Paradis wrote: "Wow, #Byron MacDonald.
You represent the CBC and Canada and on all of us as racists look like. #disgusted.
A short time later, Scott Russel, who hosted the CBC broadcast apologized, live for the commentary by MacDonald and said: "We apologize that the commentary was broadcast over a swimming power."
It was an unfortunate formulation, we are sorry that it happened."
CBC apologized at the end of about 90 Times when the people who have responded to the Notice via Twitter
The commentators colleague Scott Russell had to apologize in the name of MacDonald
CBC copied and pasted his apology in more than 90 other Twitter users, who had complained about the comments of MacDonald
The network apologized and issued a communication.
We regret sincerely that these statements were made and that it was possible for them to be aired.
We apologized last night quickly for our viewers on the air and all of our followers in the social media.
To be clear, Byron's comments related to the performance of the swimmer and not on you as a Person.
Nevertheless, they were inappropriate and unfortunate formulation. Byron is doing what he has said, very sorry.
On Thursday afternoon, MacDonald apologized in the show and tried to justify his remark by stating that it was not his intention was that you interpreted as a personal attack.
"I would like to take a Moment to apologize for the comment I made after the women's relay swimming in the CBC Olympisendung, he said.
"I was referring to the performance of the swimmer and not on you as a Person."
Of course, no disrespect was intended and I'm sorry."
Buyer in Primark outraged about the woman who tried on the heart of the business shamelessly underwear
The buyer did not know where you should look, as a woman took off her clothes in the middle of a Primark, pants to try on.
To aggravate the Situation, looked at her, how she looked in it, took them off and put them back on the shelf.
They browsed and tried on four Pairs of pants in a store in Bouverie Place shopping centre in Folkestone,.
The Primark business in the Bouverie Place shopping centre in Folkestone, where the woman tried on the pants before you put them back in the shelf
A mother of two children, Jenny Davidson, who was at the same time in the business, said that after the mysterious woman had tried on the underwear, "she pulled back, and the store left without buying anything."
She said: "people could not believe what they saw."
In the middle of the sales floor, standing, she took a Pair of panties from the Display, took off her own tights and pants and tried them on.
"She tried to find a slightly more discreet place to do it - you just stood there, bold as brass."
"Everyone stared as she took off the pants again, not like you obviously, since you put it back on the shelf."
Again the same repeated with a further three under pants before you decided that you liked nothing, re-dressed and went out.
"You didn't seem to bother it, that someone was watching - or thinking about the Person that would buy under the circumstances, the panties she had tried on."
Mrs Davidson, 33, who lives in Kent, said think:"How disgusting that someone would take the pants home, which she wore to another Person and not washed."
The incident occurred on Tuesday afternoon.
Mrs Davidson added:"As I've noticed, have tried the staff to pull the garments from the sale, after you went to - what is just as good."
"I would hate to go with a new Pair of pants to go home and find out that another woman was wearing them and again took off and you were not washed."
A spokesman for Primark said:"Primark of the incident, on Tuesday, may 9. August in our branch in Folkestone occurred."
All of the products in question were withdrawn from sale.
How to protect yourself with Krav Maga weapon attacks
The world outside is a dangerous place, but this Video of Dailymail.com could it make for you a bit safer.
We spoke with Rhon Mizrachi, a Grand master of the Krav Maga Association in New York, to find out how to deal with armed robbers at close range.
Regardless of whether you will show approaches you from the front or from the rear watch this Video to see how you turn around for your robber, the tables.
If one approaches you from behind, then you should turn around First, so you can see their attacker and "out of the firing line," says Mizrachi.
You take the weapon between your forearm and your shoulder before you hit him with your free elbow into his face.
You beat him then with the knee in the bar, and twist, while the attacker bends in pain, the weapon from his hands. You beat him with the barrel face and you move backwards while pointing the gun at him.
In the case of attackers who approach from the front, is the technique similar to move your body out of the line of fire, grab the weapon and twist it so that the attacker can not shoot.
You shift at the same time the weight of the gun and hit the attacker in the chest, then twisting the gun from his grip, before moving backwards and the gun at him.
Sounds difficult?
Watch the Video to see exactly how it's Mizrachi's dominance.
But remember that when a robbery is safest to hand over your money - unless you are a Krav Maga are the Grand master.
Traveler Ian Wright scrapes for a guide his tongue to the dirtiest places in Europe
A British traveler underwent his immune system and gag reflex to a serious test, by, as he licked some of the dirtiest and most disgusting places in Europe.
The presenter and travel writer, Ian Wright, 51, from Suffolk, its scraped on a Euro note, a railing in Piccadilly Circus, a Spülknopf a toilet as well as a public phone in Russia, the resistance and ability of his immune system.
Before the Lick of every object he used a Luminometer to show us what he is getting into.
But the Experiment, which was filmed under the title "the Lickhiker's Guide to Inner Strength", which brought some surprising findings to light.
The idea of the Spülknopf a train toilet lick that has already been used by Thousands of others, may be completely repulsive, but is actually located in a kitchen sink, more bad bacteria.
On his journey through Europe Mr Wright spoke with Doctors and medical professionals on the promotion of intestinal bacteria, as well as about his own health.
Fortunately, there was nothing left, what he licked, more than a bad aftertaste in the mouth.
Mr Wright was known for test the resilience of his intestine, he traveled through the world and strange and wonderful things ate.
Public railings at railway stations to Spülknöpfen of toilets, the task was his immune system is definitely a sample
In the Film, he said: "as a child, I was relatively unconcerned about my health, and I've put all sorts of things in my mouth, earth, worms, and mud water."
In the Film, he was his reputation in any case.
The Only thing he refused was a dirty public toilet in Russia.
Sample smear showed a lumino meter number of over 4000 units.
In comparison, the lumino is meters number of freshly washed hands for less than 60.
But there was a Russian toilet that he lick refused, after your lumino meter number was about 4000 units, while freshly washed hands have a of less than 60
Mr Wright and the Finnish dairy products manufacturer Valio produced the film "The Lickhiker's Guide to Inner Strength", of the Bacteria in various locations such as the bathroom shows
In the Film he says: "The close to the Worst of what I've smelled in a toilet."
There is nothing Dirtier than that!
I'm going to lick anything, because it is in here, disgusting.
"The Lickhiker's Guide to Inner Strength" was produced in cooperation with the Finnish dairy products manufacturer Valio.
The company provides Mr. Wright with Valio Gefilus, contains both lactic acid bacteria and Vitamin C and D to assist in the promotion of intestinal bacteria and the immune system.
Valios Senior Venice President for Snacks, juices, and create New categories Niko Vuorenmaa says: "We wanted to offer consumers something really New.
Something that is fascinating to Watch and at the same time the benefits of probiotics explains.
We were crazy brainstorming sessions, which ended up that we said, "Let's get Ian to call."
They claim that the interest in gut health is becoming a global phenomenon
Instead of talking only about the products, we wanted to put it in a larger context - the good and bad bacteria in our everyday environment, the importance of gut health and the immune system is associated with.
The growing interest in gut health is a global phenomenon and with the documentary, we were able to provide consumers with more information in an interesting way.
I also think that the Film shows that we have a great sense of Humor!
Tom Hakala, who led the Director of the film, added: "Let me say this - I would have lost my respect for Ian if he had some of the things licked to lick I have him to rely, like the disgusting Russian toilet, which is shown in the Film."
Of course, there were things where it was easier to bring Ian, you anzulecken and others where it was quite difficult.
I am glad that we have some of these dirty Treats captured on Film."
In one of Valio survey from the year 2015, 84 percent of all respondents milk from associated acid bacteria, in particular, with the well-being of the stomach and intestines, and 58 percent said they use at least occasionally products, the beige lactic acid bacteria added.
Anti-social family destroyed in front of Delogierung social housing in Saltash, Cornwall
An anti-social family left their Council flat after a Delogierung with a loss in the amount of £50,000, because you had terrorised their neighbours.
Tanya Skeldon and her Partner Shaun Trebilcock were thrown after a long list of complaints from your property in Saltash, Cornwall.
After they were forcibly removed from their property, were shocked employees of the housing Association the property is in a irreparable condition.
The walls had gaping holes, wooden planks were ripped open, and garbage was scattered on the floor, and Graffiti was smeared on the walls.
The family were relocated and it is believed that she now lives in a private accommodation
Donna McEvoy, who works for the property management at Cornwall Housing, said that she feared that the property was beyond repair.
She said: "It was for the people here an absolute nightmare and I am of the view that people don't have to live this way.
There are many things to consider because this property will probably be as a not so beautiful part of Cornwall.
The family is notorious and its reputation it is also.
The Couple had said three sons, who lived in the meantime in the apartment and the police that the Terror, which had added to the family, street fights with baseball bats, and Intimidated by local residents, drug abuse, drug trafficking and excessive crying, Arguing and Swearing included.
Skeldon, 47, whose Name was on the lease, received in June an order for anti-social behaviour.
In some of the rooms of the house that will be demolished under certain circumstances, was found a bunch of old junk
It is the wood boards torn up were traded in the property, in the in the past, drugs,
Neighbors said that they saw you on the street to fight, and on a regular basis the police had to be called
Cornwall Housing delogierte you and your Partner this week by force of the property after you gave them a prolonged period of 11 weeks to voluntarily move out.
The Delogierung were cheered by facilitating neighbors, who said that her life was made hell.
A said: "you did not give to anybody."
We lived 20 years next to them and it was always bad.
The countless times that we say the police here are amazing.
"This morning we couldn't sleep."
We stood up because it was so quiet - we are not used to!
Now that they are finally gone, it will be beautiful.
Adam Fitzpatrick, Neighbourhood Enforcement Manager, Cornwall Housing, said that it would cooperate fails, the family with the local authorities.
The family lived in the house, the police called in regular intervals, for 20 years
On the overgrown side of the parish house garbage and old toys were thrown down
He added:"It is a shame that it is the tenant of its failure, all responsibility for your behavior and that of your family to accept, as a Delogierung is always the last step, the Cornwall Housing considers.
This was a very difficult case, because the conduct was extreme and her actions had to be watching for their neighbors terrible.
I appreciate all the work done by my Team, the police of Devon and Cornwall, as well as members of the community who are brave to reach out to us, and to us have given to.
I hope that this development will donate some of the neighbors ' comfort, and the message that anti-social behaviour will not be tolerated.
Fitzpatrick said that all three sons lived at different times in the house, but that they were all about 20.
A dirty mattress that was in one of the bedrooms of the house after the Delogierung on the bottom left
Workers of the house management will now have to mountains of garbage clean up around the house
In 2014, the police raided the house and found about 70g of Cannabis as well as scales, Paraphernalia and cash in the amount of £1.700.
Skeldon was awarded a penalty, after she had known of the possession of a drug of class B in the intention to Trade guilty.
She claimed that the money for a grave was a stone of her son, Lee Skeldon, came in 2013 in a car accident.
After they were without shelter, it is assumed that Tanya and her Partner are now living in a private accommodation in Plymouth.
Many of the rooms walls of the house were smeared with Graffiti.
The police say that they will not delogieren tenants adhere to the house rules
Angela Crow by the police of Devon and Cornwall, said that the Delogierung was a clear warning to the other tenants keep to the rules of the house.
"This goes out to those who think that they can behave without self-reproach as well as to those who have been harmed by such behavior," she said.
The police of Devon and Cornwall will never tolerate criminal and anti-social behaviour, which will continue to work with partners to protect our communities.
Tourists treated in Portugal, in a panic, after a low-flying military jet beach, skims
Sun-worshippers in Aveiro, Portugal experienced the shock of your life
A portugisiesches P-3C Orion aircraft of the air forces put an incredible nosedive
The air force stated that it was on a training flight, but insisted that there is no safety risk existed
This was the Moment terrified tourists start to panic, after a low-flying Jet crashes on a beach down.
Dramatic video footage showed the military aircraft worshipers almost within reach over the sun on the beach in Aveiro, in the North of Portugal flew.
The tourists jumped on, as you have understandably started to Worry about the noise of the jet engines, without seeing first, what was coming through the clouds.
The incident occurred yesterday afternoon in Costa Nova, near Aveiro.
Daniel Fernandes, one of the many holidaymakers who posted Videos about the dramatic Fly-By in the social media, said: "It flew twice over, really very deep and there was a Moment when it looked as if it would crash."
Nuno Arroja added: "I was just Surfing and it felt like the plane would fall down on me."
Tourists on the beach of Aveiro were thrown into panic when the plane came out of the darkness and incredibly deep flew
The Portuguese air force said today that the Pilot of the P-3C Orion aircraft on a training flight was to identify fishing boats off the coast, and deep enough so had to fly, that this was the only way to detect it.
The spokesman said that the Jet flew because of the poor visibility due to nearby wildfires a little deeper than usual, however, the air force insisted that security was not compromised at any time.
Wildfires have destroyed this summer, parts of the Portuguese mainland, in which four people came to the island of Madeira to death.
The Portuguese air force said today that the Pilot had to fly due to the conditions - heavy fog and smoke from a fire so deep, limiting his view
The aircraft was on a training flight, the Pilot fishing boats as part of the Exercise had to identify
Super Cup: Barca against Sevilla
Sevilla - FC Barcelona fights on Sunday, the first step to first title in the new football season.
The Catalans compete in a match for the Spanish super Cup, away against FC Sevilla in the return leg and rises three days later, at the Camp Nou.
The double winner in the strength with the inferior Cupfinali and reigning Europa League Champion, among others on Neymar, the dispute with Brazil in the Olympic football tournament.
Also, Goalie Marc-Andre ter missing webs.
The German suffered in Training a ligament compression of the knee, which is the one question for Barca is at least resolved for the time being, in favour of Claudio Bravo.
The Chilean International and Ter Stegen are competing in Barcelona for two years, achieving the Status of number one.
Coach Luis Enrique refused in this respect, so far, on a clear decision and left Bravo in the League, but Ter Stegen in most of the other Apply the precedence.
Before the first competitive game of the new season, the Spanish Champions in any doubt about the fitness condition of the team that was humiliated on Saturday in a test match from Liverpool with 0:4.
Also at 3:2 in the sample a gallop against Sampdoria on Wednesday Lionel Messi and co.didn't convince really.
Sevilla, in turn, the 2:3 has to be digested extra-time defeat in the European Supercup against Real Madrid and is aiming for the second victory at the "Supercopa de españa".
Barcelona is, so far, eleven Made the record-breaking winner in this competition.
Ma Long is in a League of its own to table tennis Gold
Rio de Janeiro - The Chinese Ma Long, the new table tennis Olympic champion.
The 27-Year-old defeated on Thursday in Rio de Janeiro in a one-sided final, his compatriot and "title holder" Zhang Jike 4:0 (12,5,4,4).
Thus, the world rankings holte-the First of the "Golden Grand Slam", with Successes at world Championships, world Cup, World Tour finals and Olympic.
Bronze went to the Japanese Jun Mizutani.
The two Chinese have made it, as expected, in the final and took the title with each other.
Thus, it was clear that for the third Time in a row that a Chinese would win the individual title in the sign of the Five rings.
The last Non-Chinese on the top of the Olympic podium, the former SVS NÖ-Legionnaire's Ryu Seung-min from South Korea.
Ma and Zhang were left on the plate alone, between sets and during Time-outs you had no Coaches.
The had retreated to the stands back and let go of their charges in a fair Competition alone to each other.
"The Matches here I played for my country."
"In the final games, I for me", Zhang said.
After the game posing with the Gold and silver medal winner with the China Flag.
The Match was unexpectedly one-sided.
Ma had a fight with his 28-year-old opponent in the first sentence, really.
After that, he set the pace at the plate, and let Zhang only a total of 13 points.
Due to the Superiority of Ma, the anticipated thrilling Match.
But see nevertheless sufficient stunning of the ball.
Mizutani won the Bronze medal game against the 40-year-old Vladimir Samsonov 4:1.
The white Russians had suffered in his quarter-final against the German European champion Dimitrij Ovtcharov has a rib injury, was then under medical treatment, had to "make do" with sheet metal.
Sweden's Jan-Ove Waldner (38/2004) and Jörgen Persson (42/2008) were grown in a similar ping-pong age Olympia-Fourth.
Donald Trump admits the "formidable problems" during the election campaign
The leadership of the U.S. Republicans is plagued by massive Worry, even in traditionally conservative States, the majority of them losing.
Presidential candidate Donald Trump to now weaken his election campaign in the former Republican stronghold of Utah.
A rare Moment, the normally cocky and self-sure occurring multi-millionaire, expressed something of concern, as correspondents reported.
After he has thrown 16 rivals within the Republican camp out of the race, to grow the doubts as to its success in the battle for the White house.
"We have huge problems in Utah," said Trump in front of Evangelical Christians, which he asked for support in important States like Ohio, Florida or Virginia.
Blame false reports about his candidacy, he took up again his well-known media vilification.
Republican strongholds wiggle
Utah is normally a safe bet for the Republicans.
A poll by SurveyUSA in June, according to Trump and his competitor from the Democrats, and Hillary Clinton were on an equal footing.
Other institutions Trump not be able to see the front, however, with the distance, the are for Republican candidates in the state common.
As this also threatens Arizona and Georgia to apply.
In an Interview with the channel CNBC, Trump replied to the question of how he intends to advance to the Clintons, stop it again: "Just as I have done so far".
And pushed afterwards: This would be "either be successful, or I'm going to make a very, very nice, long vacation".
He was doing nothing more than "to tell the truth".
If it is not rich for him at the end, for reasons of political correctness, that was all right, said Trump.
Then I return to a very good way of life.
According to press reports, the party is said to have threatened to Trump, to delete funds for support of his election campaign, he should be able to no better survey of the values.
Instead, they wanted to attack the Republican candidates for the Congress is stronger among the poor.
Olympia: the Brazen fraud in a Doping Test
The IOC wants to set up a disciplinary Commission into the case.
Kenya threatens athletes according to the second Doping affair at the Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro adversity.
After a Scam attempt at a Doping control in the Olympic village in Kenya has sent a coach home.
The International Olympic Committee announced that immediately a disciplinary Commission set up to investigate the case.
A Kenyan official announced that former Sprinter and current Coach, John Anzrah, in the Olympic village, a urine sample under the name of the 800-Meter-runner Ferguson Rotich had made.
This had been reported to the team leader of Kenya from the Doping inspectors.
The world governing body IAAF has asked the IOC to provide information about the case to investigations of their own effort, said an IAAF spokesman.
"Depending on the results of the investigation and the subsequent actions of the IOC, the IAAF will carry out an evaluation", it said in a IAAF statement.
"He (Anzrah) went to the Doping control station and has been issued as Ferguson Rotich, the sample is delivered and signed," said Kenya's Chef de Mission Stephen Arap Soi.
He was in possession of the accreditation of the athletes on the list for the training controls of the world Anti-Doping Agency.
Ferguson Rotich became the 2015 Beijing world Championships, Fourth in the 800 meters.
Four days earlier, the Kenyan athletics delegation chief Michael Rotich of the Rio Games, had been deducted.
He should have informed against for the payment of money athletes to his country's upcoming Doping Tests.
According to media reports, he should be at his return at the airport of Nairobi, was detained.
Kenya is in the IOC after numerous Doping Offences over a longer period of time under special observation.
The announcement by the IOC launched more than 2,000 Doping tests before the Rio was drawn to the Play unusual way before that, especially athletes from Kenya and Russia to target.
The world Anti-Doping Agency had exercised before the summer a lot of pressure on the African country to play in Brazil, to establish an Anti-Doping law and a functioning control system.
The law was passed a few weeks before the Olympic start.
In consequence, the WADA took Kenya to the list of the countries whose fight against Doping are compliant with the rules of the WADA.
Kenya is regarded as a great runner Nation.
The athletes of the country won at the 2015 world Championships in Beijing, the most medals.
In a series of television of the ARD reports were always raised accusations that in Kenya, a Doping agent is easily accessible and there should be a significant mentality of the sports fraud.
IOC member Richard Pound called for a similar investigation in Kenya, as he had done in the Russian athletics.
It could be demonstrated that in this sport nationwide and was systematically doped.
Russia's athletes were excluded from the summer.
Salzburg's "West Side Story" with Cecilia Bartoli
In the Shakespeare year, the Salzburg festival presents games, the "West Side Story" with Tony and Maria as the tragic lovers, similar to Romeo and Juliet.
With a surprising Cecilia Bartoli.
A Musical conquered Salzburg: the "West Side Story", Leornard Bernstein's masterpiece.
The artistic Director Cecilia Bartoli wanted to bring the Musical to the temple of the classical period and fulfilled the role of Maria is a dream of youth.
In the orchestra, the Simón Bolívar orchestra under the direction of the venezonalischen conductor Gustavo Dudamel dig: "This music is full of rhythm," he enthuses.
We always say that it is very marked in Latin America.
There are a lot of Latin American ingredients in your Tempo and melody.
It is a wonderful blend, the perfect recipe for our orchestra.
I would say that we have Bernstein's music in our blood!
In this production, Bartoli plays an older and more battle Maria.
She remembers with nostalgia of her romance with Tony, while the younger, Maria, plays, and dances.
The role of Mary has always fascinated me.
Firstly, because it is musically exceptional!
And then Mary would be there personality.
She says it in her song: "I feel pretty, oh so pretty, I feel pretty and witty and bright".
She is so smart, of course, also naive, and very passionate.
"She resembles me very much, my Italian character, I as a Roman woman," laughed Bartoli.
Dudamel is full of praise for the Opera singer: "Cecilia is a wonderful artist."
It is such an honor for us to work with her.
She is a tremendously generous person.
And Bartoli returns the compliment: "he is an exceptional artist and very passionate!"
Conducting for him is a necessity.
You can see it in every one of his movements, in his eyes, it is his life!
There is a huge Chance this musical experience with him to share.
We both have a rather southern Temperament, a fire, a passion and a joyful approach to life is very important!
For the American Director Philip Wm. McKinley, the "West Side Story" is highly topical: "In this piece it is to prejudice and fanaticism."
Today we have the refugees, at that time, the Puerto Ricans went to New York, and the New York residents they didn't want to.
There are the same topics, and they are today as meaningful as it was then.
59 years later the piece is still relevant.
London school girl who joined the IS, was killed in Syria
Kadiza Sultana, one of three British school girls who left last year to London, to the IS to connect, died, according to Reports, in Syria.
The lawyer Tasnime Akunjee said that her family learned a few weeks ago of her death in Raqqa, Syria.
It was suspected that she was killed by a Russian air strike in Raqqa, the stronghold of the group in the country, reported ITV News on Thursday.
Sultana was 17 years old, and died, according to her family shortly after she was planning to leave the war-torn country and return to England.
"One can only hope that the only Good is to go to as a reminder and a warning to others that these are the risks that are associated with it, in a war zone - to keep people from ever make this decision," said Akunjee.
In February 2015, the Sultana and two other school girls from East London were in a plane direction of Turkey and then a Bus to the Syrian border.
Sultanas family was informed that she has married an ISIS fighter in Syria - and within a few months the widow was.
Reid says Clinton will remain in the case of an electoral victory, with Garland as a candidate for the Supreme court
Harry Reid, leader of the Democrats in the Senate, is convinced that the presidential candidate of the Democrats, Hillary Clinton will nominate judge Merrick Garland for the Supreme court.
The Republicans in the Senate have blocked garland's confirmation since his nomination by Barack Obama in March.
Senate majority leader Mitch McConnell is of the opinion that the next President will appoint the successor of the deceased judge of the Supreme court Antonin Scalia.
Reid said Thursday during a telephone conference that he will select Clinton Garland expected, "with a certain degree of certainty".
A spokeswoman for Reid said later that he hadn't yet spoken with Clinton whether she would nominate Garland, and he speculate.
He praised Garland, and said that Clinton's Team would not stir up trouble with a new candidate.
Garland is the chief judge for the U.S. court of appeals for the District of Columbia.
Raid said, Republicans have the garland's nomination was blocked, lackeys and accomplices, the Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump.
He also noted that Donald Trump was unsuitable for the presidency.
Treats want a naked calendar for "women and men"
The Treats magazine works together with the photographer David bell-mère, a 1970s Pirelli-inspired Calendar for 2017.
But, instead of famous naked people you want to find for your NU Muses Calendar for 2017, the next Generation of supermodels.
The editor-in-chief of Treats Steve Shaw told us in the beginning of this year, be naked in a magazine of old-school Playboys vagina as "Playboy for men".
I'm doing this for women.
Apparently, he is of the view that it is not doing the Calendar.
"We need to return to the representation of timeless and classic of Consent, in the case of both women and men feel comfortable and from these images of the female body, to feel inspired," said Shaw in a press release on the publication of the Calendar.
Women will want to participate in this project, because it is a beautiful work of art.
Models can submit your pictures online, or in person at open Casting call in Los Angeles and New York.
Turkey: Kurdish community expects mass Exodus
"Who doesn't conform and Erdogan praises, sitting on Packed suitcases," says the Chairman of the Gülen-affiliated Foundation, dialogue, and world, Ercan Karakoyun.
The Kurdish community in Germany is expecting in the short term, with tens of thousands of protection seekers, who fled from Turkey to Germany.
In the medium term, it could even be "some hundred thousand" believes the Chairman of the Association, Ali Toprak.
Because of the tough approach of the Turkish President, Recep Tayyip Erdogan, after the coup, the Kurdish community in Germany expected a mass Exodus to Germany.
"In the short term, I expect tens of thousands, in the medium term, with hundreds of thousands of protection seekers from Turkey to Germany, if the Erdogan Regime is fighting the minorities and the democratic Opposition," says the Chairman of the Association, Ali Toprak, the "world" of Friday.
Because the government already months ago, Kurdish strongholds have been coated with criminal actions, 500.000 Kurds within Turkey on the run.
After the foiled coup, secular and oppositional ethnic Turks would be in addition.
Many will want to start in Europe, if they are oppressed in Turkey.
"It cannot be that a state that receives refugees themselves, produced in their own country are refugees," said Toprak.
The Association of chief defendant in the targeted settlement of Syrian Arabs in Kurdish, but also in Alevi towns and cities.
Thus, Erdogan would increase the exit pressure on the remaining Kurds.
"You are the last great minority in Turkey, the Christian Armenians and Greeks have been exterminated in the past hundred years, or expelled," said Toprak, who is also a CDU member.
The Association of chief demanded that the Federal government has positioned itself "as sharp as Austria against Erdogan and his followers".
Also in Germany a "witch-hunt" against Erdogan's critics.
I don't feel in the last few months, for the first Time, certainly in Germany.
The German branch of the Gülen movement fears the flight of many Turks abroad.
More Turks asylum seeking in Germany, especially the Kurds and the opposition.
The stigmatization as Gulen's supporters destroyed teachers and other academics, the professional existence.
"Who doesn't conform and Erdogan praises, sitting on Packed suitcases, by the way, the Kemalists and Secular," said Ercan Karakoyun, President of the Gulen-affiliated Foundation for dialogue and education, the "world".
As the newspaper of the Ministry reported, citing Figures from the Ministry of the interior, provided the Turks, even before the coup the largest group of because of political persecution, recognised persons entitled to Asylum in Germany.
To Date, 30. June had this been 11.386 people and thus nearly 29 percent of all as being entitled to asylum Recognised (39.625).
In this survey, not the Fleeing from war, poverty or lack of prospects.
Eligible for asylum under the basic law are to be exclusively Pursued politically, i.e. by the state, individually.
Mecklenburg-Vorpommern: "go where it hurts"
Strange Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania: The Locals get nothing from the summer election campaign and the holiday makers from North Rhine-Westphalia are not allowed to select the diet.
In Mecklenburg-Vorpommern you have understood.
In 2021, the state election will not take place directly at the end of the summer vacation, has decided the Schwerin Parliament already in the beginning of the year.
As stupid as so far it's not: summer holidays, heat, and state election campaign - the bite.
The Locals to be convinced of the choice of fighters are on a holiday.
Most of the vacationers who are in the country, on the island of Usedom, Rügen and Hiddensee on-the-go, are not Natives, they are not allowed to select the diet.
These are practical problems: In the holiday volunteers, the posters are inflating, balloons, distributing flyers, and at the end of vote counting, just hard to find.
To 4. September 2016, the election and the last day, must of Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania once again the election campaign, at the people passing endure.
The hot Phase, if one can even say, has just begun.
And it's also about something: the Prime Minister, Erwin Sellering, the leader of a SPD/CDU coalition, has to fear for his office.
The SPD since 1998, the strongest party, is now in the polls, well behind the CDU.
Exciting it is, how strong is a newcomer to the AfD is performing and what remains at the end of the coalition-grade left.
Selle ring, 66 years old, and since 2008 the head of government, makes an almost inconspicuous-looking election campaign, one of his large posters.
He travels the country, distributed roses and plauscht a little with the people, so as to be legendary taciturn predecessor, Harald Ringstorff, fact.
Otherwise soul ring got cold feet and Chancellor Angela Merkel to blame for the Bloom of the AfD.
Their refugee policy, you do have accelerated the rise of the right-wing populists, which will cost him now will probably be the nice the office.
The CDU, with its top candidate, the Minister of the interior Lorenz Caffier, has already experienced what it is like when you at the wrong time, right place campaign.
She has twice been invited Chancellor Angela Merkel to large rallies; Merkel election to the Bundestag circle is located in the North-East.
But the target audience is wrong, it's more of North Rhine-were-Westphalia, Berlin and Saxony as the Mecklenburg and Western Pomerania.
"As the majority of other States was likely," said Vincent Kokert, Secretary-General of the CDU in Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania, recently in the NDR.
But it is a pity also to anyone from other parts of Germany, even Angela Merkel to listen to.
Otherwise, the northeast, the CDU largely dispenses with the usual election campaign stalls at market places and shopping malls with parasols, and air balloons.
So, Kokert assumes only play a "subordinate role".
The European Union has also noticed that her wegbröselt on the Land base that you have to work very hard, to find a wire to the people.
She's like the Left, the SPD, the Greens: in the far reaches of the country.
The Council of the CDU-choice of fighter Kokert to his comrades-in-arms, however, is also self-revealing: "you have to go where it hurts, namely, where the people are: village celebrations, Golden weddings, any birthday celebration needs to be used".
Because much is at stake, selle ring called on his SPD to a very dedicated campaign.
In polls, the social Democrats were last with 22 percent, behind Partner, the CDU (25) and only just ahead of the AfD (19).
In the 2011 election, the SPD had gained a clear yet with 35.6 percent of the CDU (22).
The Greens, a minor party, with seven per cent in the polls, is likely to make the leap in the Parliament.
You make the vacation-Not a modern virtue, and transfer its election campaign in large part to the Internet.
"Online campaign", announced the Chairman Claudia Müller.
Otherwise, green choice fighters go in search of tracks according to the local voting citizens and visitors.
Silke Gajek, the top candidate, just curves with a house boat through the Mecklenburg lakes, and finds it beautiful.
Your impression: "election holiday in Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania is not a punishment".
B27-renovation: restaurants suffer from blocking
At the speed with which the B-27 is being renovated, there is nothing to complain about.
For the responsible of the works, which will begin at 5: 30 in the morning and 20 at ends, there are everywhere praise.
"They have made everything quite snappy," says Elvira Tetzlaff of the Jet petrol station.
This is a super team.
There is also no delay.
The site could be laid out at the beginning of the week to the mid-term schedule according to the South, until the end of October, everything should be done.
Praised the the the works responsible, for example, when it comes to the establishment of makeshift rides.
Since the construction site is moved on Monday to the South, and the blocking of the Asperg road was repealed in Ofterdingen, and thus the compound according to Rottenburg, has eased the traffic situation within the town.
The citizens can now travel on Ofterdingen from the B 27 and again on both sides.
The diverted traffic through the village seems to go back.
"There were partially significant discomfort," says the transport Management of the rehabilitation managers, Deputy head office head Florian King.
The residents of Bach set of road, stone, salmon street, Hafner road, and pond rain had to contend with more traffic noise, because many of the back roads were looking for and more, set your GPS to the familiar as the signs.
What led to some of the Truck in a residential verfranste areas.
Also, since the speed limits have not been complied with, requested that the municipality strengthens the measuring vehicle from Mössingen.
"There were significant Overruns," says King, who made himself the whole time about the situation competently.
Since two to three have been flashed per Minute.
The fastest was 77 kilometres per hour in the Tempo-30-Zone on-the-go.
Since the site has moved on, it became but quiet.
For the business people on the B 27, it is only a small consolation that for clients in Rottenburg now the road is open again.
In the cards business, people do not like it.
But the B 27-restructuring has led to decline in sales, everyone that asks.
However, some more and some less affected.
Who produced to do with the "end users", less so for other companies, for the restructuring has consequences.
Also at Autohaus Maier Thomas Sulz speaks of a "slight decline", but admits also that, of course, "the walk-in customers missing".
Most of the Local along the road are buffeted.
J. Albert goehner, owner of the Steakhouse, formerly the crown, finds clear words.
This is existence-threatening.
Not only him, but all the restaurants have "hit hard".
It is the customer from Hechingen, Balingen and Rottweil were missing.
We have to be happy about every Euro of sales.
The loss of revenue he estimated at "well over 50 percent".
The road rehabilitation have thrown the business, "two years back".
Half of his employees, he had to be dismissed.
If I had a company with 4,000 employees and half would have been fired, would he have reacted to the policy differently.
Instead, the President of the government, Jörg Schmidt on a request from goehner has answered, whether there could be a financial compensation, with the note, the restaurant benefit from the advantages of the location on the B 27. Now she had to bear the disadvantages arising from the redevelopment.
Goehner know of other districts where such a thing generous was handled.
In the case of all claims arising out of goehner is sure his restaurant will continue to exist.
Finally, the family-run business since 1715 settled here, he refers to the long history.
That the other regulars are now looking, due to the complex traffic management less frequently in the past, can he understand.
If you can't drive, it's somewhere else nice.
Its regular clientele after the end of the renovation work comes back, it Göhner has no doubts.
Despite the crises with BSE and bird flu goehner considers the impact of the B 27-construction works on its clientele for the biggest crisis, which has seen its restaurant in its long history.
Six months of construction work, which is already brutal.
Constantly being screwed in the name of counter-terrorism laws.
After the recent attacks, interior Minister de Maizière now presents a big security package.
But what has this to do with a tolerated status with Terror?
And what the coalition partners have to say about all this?
Thomas de Maizière is the reconciler.
All of his proposals were the coalition partners of "politically reasonable", says the Federal Minister of the interior at the launch of his new security package.
You overwhelm anyone.
Other, further points would first be discussed within the parties.
Also due to the fact I participate.
As interior Minister, he was located but results in a "recoverable consensus" within the coalition.
De Maizière after the recent attacks in Würzburg and Ansbach a little time to elapse before he presented his conclusions for the security of the Republic.
The fall for now, however, the more extensive.
A lot is already known, proclaimed, target: a new safety authority to Crack encrypted communications to take care of, is not new.
Not even the fact that Germany needs to implement a number of EU regulations on air passenger data, and weapons law.
The call for more video surveillance and personnel for the security agencies is not as surprising.
Part of de Maizière starts a second calls for proposals that were not make with the SPD so far: He wants to make sympathy advertising for terrorist groups and jihadists will not be so forgiving with dual citizenship, German passport.
"It will be difficult points for the SPD," admits the CDU-man.
He think it is still acceptable to them and also call nothing, what have the coalition partner anyway, no chances.
A couple of new ideas presented to de Maizière.
Have it be partially: He plans to fast-track procedure for deportation and detention of people facing deportation.
Refugees, who are specifically brought into the country, to let your smartphone check-in and Social-Media Accounts for a security check.
In Short-for rejected asylum seekers, he wants to commit some of the worse places than previously - for example in the crimes or their papers aware of throw away, in order to disguise your identity.
Some of it is politically and legally sensitive.
Some of it also seems half-baked and leaves open questions.
And at some points - in the case of the unequal treatment of Tolerated, for example - the question arises: What has this to do with security and terrorist?
Yes, says de Maizière, it is important to differentiate between the issues of refugees and Terror.
But it cannot be denied that the assassin of Ansbach and Würzburg refugees.
In addition, many people were given the high numbers of Refugees.
And things, the employees, the people deeply, also in times of election campaigns does not exclude.
The internal security is extremely in focus.
Only the stops in the neighborhood: Paris, Copenhagen, Brussels, and nice.
Then the attacks in Würzburg and Ansbach.
The uncertainty is large.
And Yes, it's an election fights.
Union and SPD to bring the issue of internal security, therefore, is increasingly in the position.
In the past few days, it went between the two parties.
A nasty dispute over the facilities of the Federal police, then a security-political ideas-a collection of some of the Unions-the Minister of the interior, the Department heads are calling for a burqa ban and a move away from the dual citizenship.
De Maizière strives even here to conciliatory tones.
Of a departure from the double-pass he don't believe in.
We have pacified the discussion in Germany.
They re-open, would not be meaningful.
And in the case of a burqa ban, he had constitutional concerns.
Whether its own package is to all corners of the Constitution and whether or not it is actually "reasonable" for the coalition partner, must only still show up.
There is a lot in there, what could make for a fight.
But the SPD is currently trying to make a name for themselves on the subject of internal security.
Party chief Sigmar Gabriel willingness to talk and says signaled for the first time, carefully: "The SPD is ready to talk about everything that contributes to further increase the security".
Still, Volkswagen comes through lightly.
Despite the diesel scandal, the delivery increase in the world.
But not in all markets, it runs smoothly.
In the case of the recall, there are vertebrae to a term.
Volkswagen will start deliveries of subdued in the second half of the year.
Europe's largest car manufacturer has so far this year despite the diesel affair, thanks to its many brands and some well-running markets is a Plus.
But in July, the core was marked by a brand of VW, especially in Western Europe, and weighed so that the total sale, as announced by companies listed on the Dax.
Worldwide, the VW brand sold in July with 449100 cars, 1.8 percent fewer vehicles than in the same month last year.
In Western Europe alone, according to China, the second-most important market, sales were 14 percent below the same month last year.
In the home market of Germany, deliveries went down in almost one-sixth.
Brand sales chief Jürgen Stackmann attributed the weaker Numbers from July, mainly due to two fewer selling days in Europe.
In addition, in some core markets due to "changed economic conditions" a reluctance to purchase.
In addition to the Situation surrounding the coup attempt in Turkey, the British vote had not been burdened with the country's exit from the EU, explained a spokeswoman.
In the USA, where the exhaust gas affair escalated first, is also more of a Minus to the book.
Great support for VW in the Chinese market.
Overall, the mainly concerned is the house brand of lower Saxony, is already more lightly by the diesel scandal: After the first seven months, only a Delivery decrease of 0.9 per cent, stands at 3.37 million vehicles to book.
Group sales chief Fred Kappler was able to show from January to July, Sales increase.
1.3 per cent more vehicles Volkswagen delivered in this time, in the world 5,904 million.
Volkswagen had manipulated with a Software, exhaust-gas tests.
In Germany alone, the VW gets around 2.5 million cars for conversion in the workshops.
In the course of the conversion, VW confirmed that the conversion of the cars has no negative effects.
After the conversion, the vehicles in fuel consumption, CO2 emissions or engine performance, no deterioration.
The car maker is not the customers after the conversion, a "guarantee" certificate, but speaking of a "warranty" as it was called on Friday in business circles.
Basic legal intricacies.
The "Focus" had reported, Volkswagen will grant its German customers now, but a warranty for reconditioned diesel models.
This was confirmed last Monday, VW's representative in the Federal Ministry of transport.
From the Ministry of transport, it was confirmed that there was this Meeting.
"VW has to meet the requirements of my inquiry Commission of the KBA in full."
"The deviations are not acceptable," said German transport Minister Alexander Dobrindt (CSU), according to the Ministry.
VW has taken the guarantee that in the case of fuel consumption, CO2 emissions or engine performance after the conversion, no deteriorations are taking place all type approval relevant vehicle values unchanged.
Volkswagen itself does not use the term "warranty" but, as it was called in business circles.
In the case of the broad term "warranty" looks to be a Volkswagen, the possibility that customers may come, for example, half a year after the conversion, for example, with a damage to the engine in a workshop - and this could lead back to the new Software, even if the damage has nothing to do with it.
Also in the customers interest, it is important to avoid that it comes in the case of any other damages that have nothing to do with the exhaust of the scandal, to uncertainty regarding the possible warranty provisions, as it was called.
That's why VW don't use the term "warranty".
Raiffeisenbank Gmund am Tegernsee demands of wealthy savers, in the future, criminal interest rates - as the second Bank in Germany.
Bank chief Josef Paul said on Thursday: "It just goes to 139 customers, the Parking of 40 million euros on the Giro or money market accounts".
The Federal Association of German banks speaks of an individual case and sees this as a Signal: Normal, savers would not need to fear", to pay for their saving-penny Penalty rate".
Banks keep money overnight at the European Central Bank (ECB), you have to pay 0.4 per cent criminal rate of interest.
This fee Raiffeisenbank Gmund required from September for Private and corporate customers for deposits of over € 100,000 in checking or money market accounts.
"The first 100,000 euros are free."
"The next 100,000 cost in the future, 400 Euro in the year," said Paul.
He hats for quite some time 40 million euros, which could be from one day to the other lifted, and he could not exploit.
"Lie with me on the Central Bank account and will cause a 0.4 per cent cost," said the Bank chief.
"I can't lie down for every Million 4000 Euro."
The cost he may give more according to the 'polluter pays' principle.
To leave the cash in the vaults of the Raiffeisenbank, would be much too dangerous: "I've seen four Raids, I'd still be the fifth!", the Bank Board said.
Most of the customers have forms of understanding and switched to other system.
Only a few migrated to other banks.
The cooperative Association of Bavaria, said: "The extreme monetary policy of the ECB causes in all banks a significant cost".
Carry it alone, "operating economically on a permanent basis is not possible."
Some German banks have raised their fees for account management, credit cards, or Bank Transfers.
With punitive interest rates for deposits of three million euros, the Thuringian folk - and Raiffeisenbank Altenburger Land with its Skatbank-branch in 2014 made headlines.
Michael Kemmer, managing Director of the banking Association, said: "We expect that private customers have to across the Board pay fees for deposits, and of competition in the Germany banks and savings banks is much too strong".
A Banker said, on the Tegernsee lake, there is "a clientele that is equipped from the assets a bit lush".
"This can be for a small Bank to the Problem," if you hats for free money.
Founded in 1911, cooperative Bank Gmund has branches in Bad Wiessee, Rottach-Egern, Kreuth and Tegernsee.
In the Region of well-known actors, athletes and entrepreneurs living.
The cooperative Association of Bavaria "there are currently no other banks that calculate the reimbursement of Expenses for deposits from private customers," said spokesman Earnest.
The President of the Federal Association of German people's banks and Raiffeisen banks (BVR) Uwe Fröhlich, had declared at the end of June: "The threshold to go into the Negative compared to the private customers, is very, very high".
The competition was hard, and the migration of investors to the competitive threat.
Customers in Germany will be the in width.
Destination plates: who buys vinyl records?
Lonely middle-aged men love plates.
Before you rush to the comment section to ravage him under the Pseudonym of all the lonely men of middle age, with harsh insults, this statement is derived from the current data.
According to YouGov, the much talked about resurrection of vinyl records not on a Boom in Millennials, who want to welcome the news of physical objects, but to Midlife is due to nostalgia.
Those who have recently purchased a plate, are expected to be between the ages of 45 and 54.
In fact, the age group of 18-24 are the most unlikely group of buyers.
There is also no hordes is collectors by Hobby - it has an emotional meaning: older record-buyers to keep their feelings more to themselves (56 % vs. 53 %) and enjoy spending alone time (69 % vs. 66 %).
But the results of YouGov?
If this Blog is a news report would be on TV, would follow me the camera while I walk in the midst of a bustling street in Soho, a modest gray suit and wild gestuliere, before I stop, my hands and something Decisive to say: "So, let's take a closer look at it."
So, let us take a look at it.
Even if the heart of SOHO is losing slowly its charm - Hotels, Restaurants, and offices fill the building, in which independent vendors were located - there are a handful of fantastic plate specialty shops.
I would ask the camera man probably, the camera for the next part off, I am in close proximity to different men in such transactions, and attempts, your age and state of mind through observation to assess.
Stuart from Glasgow, 55, the I result of Sister Ray (number of Data: two young women, three middle-aged men), Reckless Records (number of Data: eight middle-aged men, a woman, probably around 20), is a day long due to a meeting in London and going through the shops in order to fill the couple of hours.
He is a collector, I ask?
"I guess," he says.
I have about 3,000 or 4,000 plates.
These records, shown above (he sent me the snapshot by E-Mail, I'm not followed him home), dress the walls of his living room.
The reason why he possesses such a considerable number of albums and Singles, is the result of his disposable income he is now able to buy plates, which he could not afford, as they appeared, and to buy again the items, which he sold when he was young and broke.
"Many of the things I buy are from the late' 60s, early ' 70s, which appeared when I was 11 or 12. Things I was probably a little young to buy them for me," he says.
He agrees that those who buy plates, are more introverted and like to be alone, to spend time, and adds: "I don't smoke and I don't drink very much.
This is my truck.
GMT, 25, works at Sister Ray, also believes that many of the customers he meets, apply to the YouGov profile.
However, he has also noticed a new wave of people that are affected by the Medienhpe to buy people who have heard about the Comeback and forced to see again your old plates.
From the conversations I have had, got rid of people in General, so around 1998 or 1999 your collection.
Customers, selling their records to buy CDs, sell your CDs, to buy back your plates," he says.
That would explain the Boom trailers of the plate revivals of a certain age.
But what is with the alleged emotional meaning of the plates?
It only takes a few seconds in a shop like Phonica, to recognize that record shops provides a calming community of like-minded people.
According to GMT, some of the older customers took offence at the contactless payment system.
Some of the plate's fans feel from the digital world, overwhelmed and want to retreat to the stability of familiar record sleeves back, of items, the happy youth memories.
"I think sometimes it can Fill a Void, and the ownership of material possessions as a kind of consolation," says Wez.
This is for me as a collector, and I think that it is for many people.
It is a simple way to deal with mentally.
"We are like social workers!" trills an employee of a plate stack.
A survey of the ICM in April revealed that almost 50 % of the people who have bought last month a record that you have not listened to yet.
The survey also found that 41 % have a record player you never use, while 7 % of those that buy a plate, do not have a record player.
At this stage of the news report, I look probably very worried, while I flip through a stack of Bossa Nova compilations.
Jonny, 42, works at Sounds of the Universe (number of Data: three middle-aged men), has noted a "trophy aspect" of the Revivals.
"Someone just recently came in here and said: "I don't have a record player, but I would like to buy a Radiohead record, so I can put them on the shelf," he says.
This is not a great percentage, but it happens definitely.
More product heavy, less music-heavy.
We have people who say: "I don't have a record player."
These are younger people, not older people, which will only come slowly.
Fopp, which has been dedicated to the records, almost an entire floor, has a more colorful audience, as I'm going in.
There are a couple of the 70, tourists take photos, teenage boys and middle-aged women.
Even if the atmosphere relaxes a little less than in the above-mentioned transactions, the Wild Beasts of the latest synth - and sexbepackter Pop instead of experimental Jazz blaring from the speakers - it is good to see such diversity in the customer.
None of them seem to be very lonely, but lingering psychological trauma are difficult to determine, if you are standing next to someone for 30 seconds.
Elanora, 27, is running around for a few minutes in the store and seen the variety of the for sale boards.
Makes you more of a window shopping than shopping in bulk.
You are not worthy of much, therefore the collection of disks is not a real Option, she says.
It costs a lot.
It is easy to listen to music from a Computer or in any other way, but the beauty of plates is..." she pushes with a lovestruck sigh.
I don't know how to explain it - it is truly unique.
My last Stop is a business where, it is said, that a new Generation of record lovers inspired to have: Urban Outfitters.
While I give the appearance, to patterns, Jeans-Hotpants, I watch a group of young teenage girls, the group for a Moment to Polaroid cameras, before a father and his daughter decide to buy a Crosley record player.
To the Left is a staircase, a wall full of records of Adele, Jeff Buckley, Amy Winehouse and Fleetwood Mac: a mix of contemporary music and classics, the essential boards for an average collection.
No one looks at it - maybe because they are just purely decorative, some so far above that it is impossible for them to handle.
It is pure "plate art".
But in view of the fact that any attraction could mean for these items is more money for the industry and some customers in the Depths of SOHO for a more chic, there is nothing to complain.
It is no Surprise that a group of people that has more time and money than others, is also the one the most on luxury items such as plates will be issued.
Even if my Research showed that the results of the YouGov vote, at least in record shops in Soho, the large number of female collectors, and record lovers that exist in reality, record stores and in online forums.
These people are probably working hard at school or in offices.
You don't have to spend your Thursday morning with the Stroll through the record shops of Berwick Street and scroll through panels, while the rigid look of a creepy, 30-year-old false Moderator to avoid that rises over the shoulders of unsuspecting middle-aged men.
The Grönlandhai the longest - living Vertebrate-video report
Scientific to say that the Grönlandhai has the longest life span of all vertebrates on the planet.
Julius Nielsen, who studied sharks, says that the record was of a female, from which it is assumed that it is between 272 and 512 years of age and five feet long
French court rejects deal over demolition of shops in the jungle refugee camp
A French court has rejected a bid by the authorities in Calais, dozens of makeshift shops and Restaurants in the jungle of Calais, where thousands of refugees live, pull down.
At a court hearing this week argued the authorities in Calais, that the state should be empowered, 72 temporary stores to break down, in which people within the camp Were, from cigarettes to energy drinks, to sell, a hairdresser to offer services or tea for 50 cents (40 Pence) or simple meals for a few euros in makeshift Restaurants to sell.
The Prefecture of Calais argued that these places should be demolished, because they would constitute a parallel economy, the taxes paid would be and the mountains will be a fire and health risk.
Humanitarian groups told the court that the shops and Restaurants were important because of the free meals offered by the state-supported Association and other groups, would not provide enough food for the growing Numbers in the warehouse.
They claimed, moreover, that the temporary shops and Restaurants would often offer accommodation and free meals for people in Need.
A court in Lille ruled that there was no legal basis for the expulsion of people, the operate of the 72 temporary stores, but acknowledged that the concerns of the Prefecture of Calais were "absolutely understandable."
The judge Jean-Francois Molla said that the grocery shops, Cafés and Restaurants, would play a much greater role, as to feed only the people "in an extremely precarious conditions of life."
He said that the areas in a quiet meeting points between refugees and volunteers.
One of the places that was threatened by the low tear, the Jungle Book Kids' Café of the warehouse, which is gemeinnnützig operated and 200 meals a day, English - and French classes, as well as advice on asylum matters for the hundreds of vulnerable, unaccompanied Minors in the camp.
More than 170,000 people have signed the Petition to preserve the Kids' Café.
In a letter to the Guardian, it was said that the closure "would be for these children in a disaster, of which the youngest eight years old."
The two aid organisations Help Refugees and L'auberge des Migrants estimated on Friday that the number of in the jungle camp Living had increased to over 9,000 people - the highest number until now - after a steep increase in the number of new arrivals over the summer.
Despite the Olympic disappointment: Martin fighters remain
Despite his disappointing performance in the Olympic time trial wants to be a professional cyclist Tony Martin does not get to you.
"I keep the world Cup in view, stay confident and keep fighting," wrote the 31-Year-old on Thursday before his departure from Rio de Janeiro in Facebook.
An explanation for his miserable twelfth place at the sugar loaf, he has not.
"I find it hard, to be honest, the time to comment on yesterday," said Martin.
He had to analyze in tranquility, what reasons had led to the debacle.
At the time trial world championship in October in Qatar, Martin wanted to fight actually for the title.
"I'm going to look at everything very carefully, what we have changed in the last time."
"My Position is one," wrote the three-time time trial world champion, who had lost on Wednesday to the 54.5 km, more than three minutes on the Olympic champion Fabian Cancellara (Switzerland).
Olympics: tennis Pro victory mouth missed the semi-finals
The triumph of Laura Siegemund ended in the quarter-finals of Rio: The world ranking of 32. from Metzingen, a 1:6, 1:6 against Monica Puig (Puerto Rico/WTA missed by no.
34) in the semi-finals of the Olympic tennis tournament.
Victory mouth, which was plagued by back problems, was able to bring her serve only once and seemed to be in comparison to the previous rounds powerless.
On Thursday, hope for a Medal Angelique Kerber (Kiel/no. 2) still had a Chance to jump in the semi-final round.
The Australian Open winner, met the Briton Johanna Konta (no. 10).
As the last of the German tennis Pro Tommy Haas in 2000, had taken in Sydney, a medal (silver).
Two German DTB-Starter in the quarter-finals of the summer, had been playing most recently in 1992.
Never before has a German Duo in an Olympic individual semi-final.
The group increases in Start-up for Live video game broadcasts
Other people watch when you play video is a huge trend - and Microsoft wants to profit.
The technology company buys the Start-up Beam, which specialises in this Hobby.
Like a lot of money for the Acquisition flows, not shared with Microsoft on Thursday.
The Beam went with his offer only in January and already has more than 100,000 users.
You can other watch the Play, but also self-intervention.
For example, you can give the players missions and enemies to face as well as equipment.
The game giant Activision Blizzard is launching a new HD video service for the booming world of E-Sports.
On the way to the global media event on Facebook to help.
The advertising industry listens already.
The employees of the Start-ups, the state of Washington has his seat so far in Seattle, will move to Microsoft headquarters in the Californian city of Redmond, such as a Beam-co-founder and CEO Matt Salsamendi said.
For the customer to change, therefore, by the Assumption of nothing.
Beam is integrated according to Microsoft, in the video game Department round-the-Xbox-console.
The market of the Live-Streaming of video game activity is currently growing rapidly.
Well-known platforms, Twitch and YouTube Gaming.
Twitch was purchased in the year 2014 by the online retailer Amazon for almost a billion dollars.
YouTube Gaming belongs to Google-the mother Alphabet.
Here, the Enforcement Trailer comes
Germany's racers will have to adapt to the next Generation of speed sensor In various länder, including Hesse and Brandenburg, tested new flash units to turn the tempo of a sinner to be particularly effective.
The futuristic Enforcement Trailer of the company Vitronic from Wiesbaden can be used, for example, at accident black spots, where it would be for a mobile measurement by the police to be dangerous.
For example, at highway construction sites or renovation of bridges with temporary speed limit there is often no infrastructure to worry about there, with a stationary speed cameras for the compliance with the speed limit.
A permanent mobile setup but can be too dangerous or expensive.
The Enforcement Trailer is self-sufficient: Its battery lasts for continuous measurement operation five days, the case data will be encrypted and transmitted over a Modem.
With the Laser measurement can be recorded in addition, all vehicles across multiple tracks at the same time.
Variable speed limits, as well as travel bans to the time of day, lane, and vehicle class, you can also monitor.
In the ascended state, you can move the trailer according to the manufacturer, with any car with a towbar.
So he is not just kind of took it, he is lowered in the measuring operation, so that the wheels disappear in the armored and bullet-proof outer shell.
In addition, a built-in alarm system to protect the cameras against vandalism.
Since 2015, the Trailer is tested according to Vitronic, in different States, and is now also used.
Also, foreign authorities to flash with the new technology: Recently, France has ordered 100 pieces followed, after an order of 150 pieces in the last year.
Great Britain takes silver in Rugby 7 after Fiji Masterclass gets the Gold
The impressive performance of great Britain at the Rugby 7's came in the final on Thursday evening to an abrupt Stop at the last hurdle in the Form of Fiji, as they were beaten with a score of 43-7 in the Deodoro Stadium here in Rio.
Fiji gave a master class in Handling, Side-Stepping, Move up, line drive, and raw power to win Gold - their first Olympic medal of any color.
The defeat was sweetened by the not-too-bad consolation prize of the silver medal - Britain's fourth that day - and you could be on your efforts in this tournament is quite proud of, in which they beat new Zealand, Argentina and South Africa.
The significant defeat of the Boks, 7-5 in the semi-finals on the same day might fall back on you in the final.
But regardless of Fiji in this Form would have a 15-man Team in the best shape of hit.
It could be for a GB of a consolation - but it probably won't - at least, a Briton tomorrow will have to hang a gold medal around his neck: Fiji head coach Ben Ryan, the former head of England's Wimbledon.
GB had a difficult journey.
Eight years ago, she lost Ryan every game at the Adelaide Sevens.
Here, you only lost one.
This defeat will hurt, but the progress is amazing.
Fiji started out wonderful and had the attacks, GBs for Fun bounce.
It felt for the captain Tom Mitchell and co., than you would run in buses. The World Series winner went 5-0 up, as Osea Kolinisau dived in the corner over there.
With four minutes of playing time, Jerry Tuwai added yet another attack from the right corner, he converted.
12-0 and GB has hardly touched the Ball.
A great Tackle by Mitchell stopped the mountain of a man, Leone Nakarawa to score a third goal, but it has resided in Fiji only.
In the seventh Minute of the summer Jasa Veremalua in the right corner for a Touchdown and it was 0-17 for GB.
Nakarawa added a new one since the restart and there was still about a Minute of playing time ... in the first half.
Vatemo Ravouvou tore through the weak tackles of the GB team and stormed to the line to make a goal.
The conversion brought a 29-0 up at the break.
It is as if Fiji was born to play the 7, while GB is still learning.
So it also is.
GB carried out fundamental Changes at half time and closed the fijianische gap...for all of four minutes, what was the conditions of the first half was good, until Joshua Tuisova delivery after a brilliant play from Fiji.
Dan Norton has started a try for GB, made a Touchdown in the left corner for 36-7, but the game was already long in favour of the South sea islanders, the Fans singing, flags waving and dancing in the stands.
It was not difficult to the playful approach to admire Fiji.
Mata Viliame put the icing on the cake with another try in the last seconds.
The whistle sounded, the Fijians embraced and GB kicked trounced in the lawn.
Earlier in the day Fiji Japan was defeated in the semi-finals with a 20-5, and the United Kingdom urged South Africa in a tight semi-final match out of the race - Britain's conversion to the difference.
Kyle Brown brought the Boks in the first half to the front, but Dan Norton broke through the line with an impressive footwork and scored under the Posts in the second half.
A brilliant late Tackle from Marcus Watson, the brother of Anthony of the English 15-Aside Teams, secured the win and the silver medal.
Helen Glover and Heather Stanning by the battle with the cancer of a Coach to the rowing victory inspired
There will be no emotinaleres Gold at these Games, and that's saying something.
From the first stroke to the last, 220 hard Hieve that go down in history, Helen Glover and Heather Stanning, an additional importance in your Golden Moment is found at the Estacio da Lagoa.
Even if it's just the Two of them were, the at the helm were sitting, there were three voices in the boat. The Echo of the Trainer, Robin Williams, was allanwesend as they rowed for the second Olympic gold in the Two without tax woman in a row, the first women in the history of British sport, which laid such a scale.
Their dominance was absolute, after all, your 39.ter undefeated use, which is also unprecedented.
What we have are two brilliant athletes, on the surface with the elegance of swans gliding, which does not reflect the kind of triumph to the full.see
Behind every Gold in rowing a battalion of willing helpers who contribute to the incremental progress that make the difference and there was no one assistant as the coach who didn't know 30 months ago, if he would survive this day at all, as in the case of cancer was diagnosed.
As he said, risky.
I had cancer of the bladder, which is easily operable, and they did.
If you don't do that, it spreads everywhere.
It would have been a pretty bad Situation.
It changed a little bit the view.
Williams was diagnosed in December 2013.
The Trio was lucky that he had treatment at the beginning of 2014, outside the season, was about to begin, what is the interruption kept to a Minimum, if at all, under such circumstances, even the right term.
I needed money, so it had to go me better soon.
It was an incentive.
I was in the hospital and ran to the Station, around 20 feet, 30 feet, 50 feet at a time, as you said that few steps are sufficient.
So it begins.
The rowing itself is a challenge, but that makes it even greater.
The immediacy of victory, their first thoughts went to Williams, the grueling a nervous Morning for something to spent more than to talk otherwise, and thus tried to handle his own Fears.
Stanning, who was a captain in the Royal Artillery Regiment on a mission in Afghanistan, said, "I was this week an emotional wreck. Perhaps that's a little extreme, but it means so much."
It's only repeating of how much this means to me, how much I and Helen and Robin have worked.
There were three fantastic years with Helen and Robin.
Without Robin we would be nobody, so a massive Thank you to him. He is the best coach in the world.
I couldn't imagine a better Person to Train or a better Trainer of your choice.
Helena Glover and Heather Stanning have lost in the last five years, not a race.
The Couple had a hard rhythm, with which their opponents could not keep up.
Even in the last 500 meters, as the Teams from new Zealand and Denmark started to catch up, had to Stanning and Glover too much in Reserve.
We were very caught up in the Moment.
Helen cried, "stay in the process, stay in the process".
It is really important not to get carried away.
We had a good Start, and at the same time, we were not there to make something Great.
We wanted to today, no fireworks, we just wanted to get a good result, to go out and win the race, which we did.
The Couple will take a one-year break, before it will make decisions about his future.
Glover needs to appear next week at a wedding of their own with the TV adventurer Steve back hall.
Now you want to just enjoy the Moment.
I didn't want to say that this was my last race.
That would have meant too much pressure.
In London, it took about six months to realize that I am an Olympic champion.
It was all so new to me and I was so stressed.
Here, it took about four minutes.
It feels so much better," she said.
31 years of exemplary clarity provided
The managing Director of the water purpose Association "Veit stone group", Ruppert Göller, is retiring.
The Association is regarded as the "Bavaria".
A small Franconian drinking water Association as a model for the large water producers.
It was said some time ago in the original in a contribution by the Bavarian radio.
A little later the water forum paid tribute to the government of lower Franconia the purpose of the Association.
The work of Veit group in stone of Bavaria, the applicable "as exemplary for all".
Behind all of the Rupert Göller, who was 31 years old in the purpose of Association employees, including 28 years as managing Director.
Now he was adopted at the age of 65 years in retirement.
The drinking water purpose Association of the Vitus stone group, based in kotten village, municipality of Breitbrunn, promotes every year about 150000 cubic meters of water and provides 32 places and hamlets with about 5500 inhabitants.
Member municipalities, the communities of the Church Baunach are louder, breitbrunn, Louder, Ebelsbach and the city.
For other cities and municipalities, there are water delivery contracts.
The current Chairman, Breitbrunns mayor Gertrud Bühl (FW), recalled that Rupert Göller 1985, were as Water, and in 1988 as managing Director of the Association was appointed.
"His tasks have been very diverse and they ranged from water line construction and maintenance work on office and organizational activities, the Budget, calculation of fees and contributions to emergency operations at weekends," said the Chairman.
One of the outstanding events she called commissioning and inauguration of the new fountain (1994), land purchases in the area of the new wells (1998) and compensation to farmers for the rehabilitation of the elevated tank (1999), the new acquisition of a Central Computer control (2004) and the Partial renewal of water pipes.
There is no standstill and you have to always innovations, because water means life and water is the most important food.
In her speech she praised Göllers loyal, reliable and accurate service over 31 years.
He has worked with a lot of heart blood for its water purpose Association, and he has lived the water the Association is not literally, as if it were his own company.
A few weeks ago, he was entitled to as a real practitioner of the concept for success of the Veit group in stone for nitrate reduction prior to the water forum of the district of Unterfranken present.
For this, he received much recognition and praise.
Rupert Göller, in turn, praised the water were Alfons Griebel, who had worked 28 years with him.
He is waiting for the best Water, and he was a faithful Squire.
Together we were an unbeatable Team.
As highlights from his view, he referred to the well construction and the restructuring of the Association.
The biggest challenge and the most difficult to use but the pipe rupture at the high-level tank at the Church-loud at a 3. January.
Here is the whole night had to be minus 17 degrees through work, so that the towns could be supplied with water.
Also, the supply of Neubrunn, which was once only to be maintained, because of the high tank of Pettstadt with hoses filled.
The management of the drinking water purpose Association was handed over to Daniel striker Louder, the commencement of the succession of Rupert Göller.
The soprano Anna Netrebko openly with the autism of her son, Tiago, and is addressed to other parents: "you need to have the courage to talk about it."
"The medicine has made great progress," said the 44-Year-old to the Italian newspaper "Corriere della Sera".
As the disease had been detected in her son, she believed she had to die.
The now eight-year-old Tiago was well forward and have the opportunity to meet privately in New York, where there is the best therapist.
"To give an example: If I have to, he reminded him a little question, what is two years, when I sang at La Scala in Milan, to nothing," said Netrebko.
But he is the happiest man on earth.
Tiago comes from Netrebkos connection with the bass-baritone Erwin Schrott.
She is now married to the Tenor Yusif Eyvazov.
West Brom in Bargteheide, Germany - a man shoots at wife
A 35-year-old man shot on Friday at 10.45 PM in a multi-family home in Bargteheide, Germany (Kreis Stormarn) to his female partner and fatally injured.
"The man even called us and indicated to his partner shot and killed," said a police spokeswoman.
The culprit was on the Lam, according to him, will the public wanted.
Meanwhile, nationwide, because Sven S. could be with the car on the road.
The man is about 1.80 meters tall, muscular, tanned, and has a bald head.
Meanwhile, the police has released a photo of him.
However, it is a few years old.
Meanwhile, the man is wearing a bald head.
The man is not to be addressed directly.
He could still carry the gun, according to police.
Anyone who sees Sven S., call the 110.
The police speaks of a "crime of passion".
The victim was Born in 1988, of the offender in 1981.
The competent police in Lübeck, initially wanted to make the information on the circumstances of the offence, or the relationship between the offender and the victim; it confirmed, however, that a man had been killed.
"It is a homicide."
"We say at the moment," said a police spokeswoman in Lübeck.
According to eye witnesses, a special task force (SEK) was at the scene of the crime.
Steel for the German steel industry
The crisis-stricken and energy-intensive German steel industry remains of additional costs in the millions spared.
Financial burdens the industry from the green power funding threatened, are on the table.
It will stay with the exemption from the Renewable energy levy in the existing systems to the so-called self-production of electricity in the German steel industry, said Federal Economics Minister Sigmar Gabriel (SPD), the "Westdeutsche Allgemeine Zeitung" (WAZ, Friday edition).
"I'm really glad that we were able to achieve after two years of tough negotiations, finally."
The European Commission had planned, therefore, first to ask the steel manufacturers, which use gases from the blast furnace for electricity production for own consumption, to the cashier.
The steel industry threatened, according to the German industry Association for additional cost of 120 to 240 million Euro per year.
Gabriel said the WAZ, there is now an in-principle agreement with the EU Commission following discussions with competition Commissioner Margrethe Vestager.
Only when the generators are replaced in the steel works, in the case of an EEG levy of 20 per cent.
But even these will not be collected in the steel industry.
The IG Metall welcomed the unification of Germany with the EU-Commission for the self-generation of electricity.
Thus, the Status Quo of the previous regime is to be written to a large extent.
Special importance of the successful Efforts of Gabriel for the steel industry.
"In terms of our campaign, 'steel of the future' is the first step."
"More must follow."
"Also in the Reform of the emissions trading climate and employment targets are to be weighed," said IG Metall-Chef Jörg Hofmann in Frankfurt.
The steel industry in Europe is suffering since the 2008 financial crisis, Overcapacity and significant pricing pressure.
In the past year exacerbated the situation, as the world's largest producer country China, threw in the face of weakening domestic demand, a mass of steel on the world market.
European producers accuse Chinese steel companies in price dumping.
In the course of this spring, the Situation has eased a little.
To a imposed import duties, point to import steel effect, and the economy have brightened prospects in China.
It is unclear how sustainable the recovery is.
The German industry leader Thyssenkrupp remained on Thursday carefully.
Recently, the prices have stagnated again.
The industry is responding to the difficult situation with further cost reductions.
Thyssenkrupp did not want to exclude here, least of all closures of individual plants.
In the German steel industry at the end of 2015 and has around 86000 people.
In July, the German steel manufacturer will remain in spite of rising prices and increasing orders carefully.
They produced 3.4 million tons, six per cent less crude steel than in the same month last year, as the German steel Federation announced on Friday.
After a short increase in may, the quantity produced decreased in the second month in a row.
Since the beginning of the year the production is about two percent below the previous year's value.
The Association expects in the coming months, thanks to an improved order situation, with an increasing emissions.
Community, spirit, health: Singing does seniors good
The Singing has accompanied Ursel tilting her whole life: As a young girl she was in the school choir, in the teaching of course of study, she took the subject music, and today, the 78-Year-old singing in a seniors choir.
"Singing moves me - emotionally and physically," she says.
After a trial, you will feel balanced, happy and overall alive, she says.
By the way, you're doing your health and your spirit some Good.
Because Singing is the same from multiple perspectives is a great Hobby for seniors, says Erhard Hackler of the German seniors League.
Most of the seniors singing in the choir and share with like-minded people the joy of music, describes Hackler.
Through the regular together, seniors can socialize and be social contacts, and maintain.
Because social and family structures in the age, a chorus is an ideal opportunity to spend time with other people.
This experience has also arrange made Ursel tilt in your choir: "and to organize, to be able to rely on the others and to learn from each other - a choir is a very special Form of being together".
Singing can be in the positive sense, exhausting, says Hackler.
Because seniors exercise deep and controlled breathing.
Who calls the top of his lungs regularly, in everyday life, not so quickly out of breath.
Also when it comes to the sound of the voice in old age, is Singing an optimal Hobby.
On elderly people Singing often has a very special effect, says Ursula Lenz of the Federal Association of senior citizens ' organizations.
In the older generations Singing together had a much higher profile, it was a part of everyday life, both in school and in leisure time, she explains.
Lenz frequently observed, that the Singing or Listening to songs, awakens in the elderly many memories, often associated with positive feelings of their youth.
By the song's lyrics and especially melodies dementia people remember even long past events.
While Singing, the head is demanded in addition a special performance, explains Lenz.
To focus on the voice and a predetermined rhythm, and the other singers adjust - this is a great cognitive challenge.
Especially older people, living alone, not to practice so to focus only on themselves.
Another positive aspect is the recognition that one can learn through Singing in the choir, Hackler says.
An enthusiastic audience is a great praise.
Also the feeling of self-worth grows by Singing in the choir.
To show yourself: If I practice long for something, I'm going to strengthens better and grow on me beyond this experience.
Good reasons to start Singing, so there is enough.
Who wants to try a new Hobby, should not hesitate, even if he believes he has little Talent, advises Lenz.
One sings not alone - 50 singing people, who will hear when a sound is next to it?
In search of the right offer seniors have several options, says Hackler.
Someone from the known circle in a senior's choir that sings, you can connect easily.
Many cities also offer Overviews of the choirs in the area.
Who would like to sing in a Church choir, you can apply directly to the municipality or the Church leader.
Many seniors choirs, you can also find on the Internet.
Who has no access to the Internet, you can ask family, friends or neighbors for help in the Internet search.
To sing who wants to join a choir, advises Hackler.
Singing does the soul good and has something Liberating about it - this is true for any age.
Cats are more sensitive than males to the cries of the young animals
Biologists have studied in Hannover, the effect of the cat's babies on adult animals.
Not to let her Surprise, the Meowing, the male cold - however, they behaved, in contrast to the females, always the same.
Female cats can detect the degree of agitation of the baby cats at the Meow of the Little ones.
They respond to ten percent faster on Sounds of kittens, who believe themselves in great Distress, as scientists from the University of Veterinary medicine and the Hannover Medical school (MHH) have found out.
Cat to respond to the Call of the kitten, however, is always the same.
"Apparently, the acoustic differences between the Meowing from less, and greatly excited the young animals for the males either not noticeable or not of importance", said the biologist, Wiebke Konerding of the MHH.
She is first author of the study, which was published this Friday in the journal "BMC Evolutionary Biology".
In a previous study, the research team had already found out that the duration and pitch of the kitten screams with the urgency of their need for assistance.
Were observed a total of nine adult cat and eight females from the animal husbandry of the MHH.
You were playing a Call of Small, which were taken for three minutes from the Wurfbox and of the mother and the siblings separated.
On the other, they were faced with a shout of more excited kitten, which, in addition, were lifted high.
The researchers believe their findings despite the small sample for meaningful.
"All females, even those who had no own offspring, reacted differently to the cries of," said Konerding.
They turned faster to the speaker, if this Call was the very erregteren kitten.
This ability may be innate or develop itself to Mature with the sex.
"A Surprise was that the males have ever responds," said the biologist.
In the past, scientists have studied already several times in humans, the reactions of women and men to baby noises.
Also some studies showed that women reacted more sensitive on babies, regardless of whether they were mothers or not, reported the biologist Marina Scheumann.
Podolski attacks with "Gala" after the Supercup
Hakan Sükür is Turkey, a football legend.
In Turkey, is issued against the former football star Hakan Sükür a warrant.
He is accused to be a member of a terrorist group.
For the first time after the coup attempt to an important football game to be held in Turkey.
Before the duel between the arch-rivals between Besiktas Istanbul and Lukas Podolskis Galatasaray to the super Cup in Konya, the official line is clear: "Business as usual" is announced.
At the imposition of a state of emergency after the coup attempt in July, the government said, the everyday life of normal citizens should not be compromised.
This is not true for the suspected, the movement of the preacher Fethullah listen to Gülen suit, the man makes for the coup attempt.
It is also made in front of the football.
Against the former all-star kicker Hakan Sükür, the Prosecutor issued a warrant for your arrest.
Accordingly, the accused is now living in America Sükür, to be a member of a terrorist group.
Sükür is to be Gülen followers of the preacher Fethullah gülen, which is made by the state President Recep Tayyip Erdogan for the coup attempt.
Although the initially for 90 days and imposed a state of emergency is in effect until October, actually has an impact on the lives of most Turks, but as good as none.
The nightly "democracy-guards" in public places throughout the country, Erdogan has declared on Wednesday.
The Sport is - how the country as a whole - divided into supporters and opponents of Erdogan.
Especially Fans of the work clubs Besiktas did not include traditionally to the friends of the President.
What unites the majority of the Turks, but in the face of dramatic experiences in the history, coups, the strict rejection of the military.
Since even the Fans are even in agreement - regardless of whether her heart for Galatasaray or Besiktas.
In the case of Cup winners "Gala", it will be especially again on Lukas Podolski.
Its sporting value of the Cologne was in the last season: 17 goals and nine templates in all competitions, the 31-Year-old finished his first season as the top scorer of his club.
In the final against Fenerbahce, he scored the 1:0 win hit.
The newspaper "Fanatik" hailed him: "He was the Best on the court."
He has completed the season in an excellent way and his team to the Cup secured.
Thanks to "Poldi" was the disappointing season for the record Champions a conciliatory conclusion.
After the preliminary round K. o in the Champions League, the "lion of the left" also in the Europa League early.
In the Süper Lig, it was enough only to sixth place.
The season was not good.
The Cup was the only possibility to win something.
"We have achieved that and this is the most Important," said Podolski.
For master Besiktas the game of the year went better.
Especially thanks to Mario Gomez with 26 goals in one season as Süper Lig's top scorer in the base 14. Title put.
This is also the reason that the Fans continue to hope for the return of the 31-Year-old.
The AC Florence, under contract to Besiktas only loaned Gomez announced after the coup attempt because of the political Situation in the country, according to his EM-and-leave not to return.
"If Mario wants to come to us, he must only say it," quoted the magazine "Kicker" the club boss Fikret Orman.
For this purpose, the striker would have to be willing to forego about a third of its 7.5 million euros annual salary, hired Orman clear: "His salary in Florence, we can't pay".
In spite of Doping: athletes medals have-chances at the Olympic games in Rio
The 34-year-old Justin Gatlin was already closed twice because of doping (2001 and 2006).
Rio de Janeiro - Whistleblower Julia Stepanova is not allowed to start in Rio.
Other convicted athletics-sinners can only laugh at that - you have to fight in Rio for medals.
The topic of Doping is determined according to the headlines at the Olympic Games in Rio.
The Russian swimmer Yulia Efimova, who had complains after a Doping-lock your right just before the Games, was in to your Start-up (100 Meter breast) mercilessly booed and booed.
It's a bizarre Scene: With a set up, she was strutting Smile still in the hall, and had provoked with her appearance.
As it was clear that she would not get the Gold, broke the audience into a cheering storm.
But there are many more athletes, the go in spite of the Doping past at the Olympic Games in Rio.
Here is an Overview:
Justin Gatlin (100, 200, 4x100 m relay/USA): The 34-Year-old is one of the most controversial figures in athletics.
He was already locked up two Times because of doping (in 2001 and 2006 to 2010).
Since his ban, the 2004 Olympic gold medalists and former world champion is running even faster than before, he is about 100 m 9,80 seconds, the number one in the world and is considered as the biggest Challenger to Usain Bolt.
Shelly-Ann Fraser-Pryce (100, 4x100 m relay, Jamaica): twice Olympic champion and seven-times world champion had to sit out 2010 with a six-month ban, having been shown to the ingestion of the painkiller oxycodone.
You have had pain after surgery, strong tooth, defended the 29-Year-old.
Sandra Perkovic (Discus/Croatia): 2011, Olympic champion 2012, world champion 2013, and European champion from 2010 to 2016, has tested positive for the banned stimulant agent methyl hexane amine.
Perkovic has denied knowingly taking and was closed for six months.
The four farthest throws in this year, go to the account of the big gold favourite.
LaShawn Merritt (200, 400, 4x400 m relay/USA): Beijing Olympic champion and two-time world champion over 400 metres, was tested in 2010 in a positive and 21 months locked.
A means of penis enlargement had been responsible, said Merritt.
This year, the 30-Year-old is over 200 and 400 m the fastest man in the world.
Ivan Tikhon (hammer throw, Belarus): hardly a athlete so many medals were denied retroactively.
So Tikhon lost his world title by 2005 and nine years later, after him testosterone Doping was found.
The now 40-Year-old had to give up in addition, Olympic silver in 2004 due to Steroid doping and the European title in 2006 due to testosterone abuse.
The as well, but they knew the bronze medal of the Olympic games in 2008, he received the basis of a ruling of the International sports court CAS.
With 80,04 m, it lies on rank two in the world rankings.
Liu Hong (20 km to Go China): The world-record holder and gold favourite was first tested in may, to be positive, but may start still in Rio.
The 29-year-old world champion in the notes to the ingestion of a forbidden food were found to Supplement the lock on the world Anti-Doping Agency WADA was mild and was already on 13. July.
Bomb terror in Thailand - an Austrian injured, Several Dead
The Austrian Embassy in Thailand with the wife in contact, said the spokesman of the foreign Ministry, Thomas Schnöll, Friday morning.
She had suffered cuts and was treated at the hospital, have this can, however, already left again.
Your trip home you've planned for the beginning of September.
Whether of the other explosions on the holiday island of Phuket, as well as in the southern cities of Surat Thani, Phang Nga, Trang and Chumphon, also Austrian citizens are affected, for the time being still unclear.
The Ministry of foreign Affairs stand in this regard in constant contact with the local authorities, so Schnöll.
In about 200 kilometers South of the capital Bangkok and nearby Hua Hin were initially exploded on Thursday evening in a nightlife district, two bombs.
Be killed according to the police, a Thai woman, and about 20 people have been injured, including the Austrian, three German, three Dutch and three Italians.
Early on Friday, two explosive devices went up again, it was killed according to the authorities, another person.
Also of Phuket was discovered in the Early a bomb explosion.
In the case of the Detonation in the vicinity of popular with vacationers, Badestrands Patong was injured according to police sources, a taxi driver.
In Surat Thani on the South East coast of the country, another bomb killed a municipal employees exploded.
The explosive device had gone according to the authorities, in a Flowerbed in front of the area of the coastal police in the air.
Finally, detonations, Phang Nga, and Trang to the South-West coast, as well as in Chumphon along the Southeast coast, several wounded.
You go out of a connection with the explosions in Hua Hin, it said.
"The bomb attacks bear the same handwriting," said army General Danai Kritmethavee Friday morning in front of journalists.
"We assume that there is a coordinated attack."
It was too early to comment on possible motives - most likely it was the actions of Muslim rebels.
Thai media wanted to detect the attacks, a pattern for the bomb attacks by Muslim separatists in the South of the country is typical.
The Thai police stated, however, that the attacks were in connection with the Islamist insurgency or international terrorism.
"This is just local acts of Sabotage, which is restricted to limited areas and provinces," said a spokesman in Bangkok.
It is more a fact that the bombs were placed by opponents of the ruling military junta.
The authorities had in the past few days, intelligence information on impending attacks in the South of the country - however, they were not informed about the exact time and places.
Still was unclear which group to put behind the attacks.
The police instructed its officials around the country to strengthen security around important government buildings as well as airports, railway stations, tourist attractions, Restaurants, and entertainment district.
In Thailand, there are always smaller bomb attacks, but they are directed mostly against tourists.
In Hua Hin, a Palace that was used over years of Thailand's king Bhumibol Adulyadej.
According to the current bomb explosions, the Austrian recommends that the Ministry of foreign Affairs on its website, to comply with the instructions of the Thai security authorities.
High security risk (security level 3) applies to the provinces of Narathiwat, Yala, Pattani, and Songhkla, as well as Preah Vihear and the surrounding area.
After clashes between security forces and Muslim population share prior to non-essential travel in these provinces is discouraged.
Increased safety risk (safety level 2) is true for the Rest of the country.
The attacks on Thursday and Friday took place a few days after a controversial Referendum on a of of the military junta drafted the Constitution.
This gives the military great influence in the coming years.
Junta chief and Prime Minister Prayut Chan-o-cha said the bombs were an attempt to cause Chaos, while the country is moving in the direction of stability, an improvement in the economic situation and the tourism.
The Militärunta that had taken 2014, after a period of bloody unrest, the Power, the benefit of holding themselves, to have led the Kingdom to restore stability and order.
However, it is not managed well the military to get for years in the extreme South of the country smoldering insurrection of Muslim rebels in the handle.
In the conflict already more than 6500 people were killed.
Almost a year ago, were also in Bangkok in an attack on a popular Hindu Shrine 20 people, most have been killed of them foreign tourists.
It is the bloodiest attack was the recent history of the country.
The rights of the "Identitarian movement" has come to the attention of the Federal office for the protection of the Constitution.
After several land offices of the constitutional protection authorities have asked the Federal government, the group under observation.
"We see in the case of the 'Identitarian movement' evidence of efforts against the free democratic basic order", said the protection of the Constitution CEO Hans-Georg Maassen, the German press Agency in Berlin.
So immigrants of Islamic faith or from the Middle East to be defamed in extremist way.
Therefore, we observe the movement now.
The "Identitarian movement" is a group with French roots, which is since 2012 also active in Germany.
It is directed against "Multicultural madness", "uncontrolled mass immigration" and the "loss of one's own identity through Domination".
The Constitution protectors in nine Federal States of Bremen, Bavaria, Hesse, Berlin, Baden-Württemberg, North Rhine-Westphalia, lower Saxony, Saxony and Thuringia - watch the "Identitarian" already.
Maassen said his Agency had coordinated with the decision closely with the country offices.
"Groups such as the 'Identitarian movement' to try, your audience is there to pick up where she stands," said the protection of the Constitution boss.
In General, extremists, and reach "youth-friendly" language, often with pop music.
Did Islamists as extremists.
This is not a betuliche advertising for the own business.
The Propaganda is designed to appeal to people emotionally.
Young people are in particular vulnerable.
This is dangerous.
Recently, there had been from several States, reports of contacts of the "Identitarian" AfD politicians.
Maaßen said that he had no knowledge.
For the protection of the Constitution possible contacts of this type are only from a certain point of relevance.
It depends on whether the party will change, in this case, the AfD by certain persons that are extremist, its purpose, and so extremist.
The decisive factor is therefore whether such individuals tax have influence on the party.
This was not apparent.
With a view to the significant increase in the number of right-motivated crimes and attacks on asylum seekers and refugees accommodations, Maaßen said that he would not speak in this connection of the new right, terrorism.
But we have found in the past few years that it can give to terrorist structures.
There was the group of 'Old-School Society', or the free fundamental group.
It may well be that other legal terrorist groups or micro-groups, the attacks against asylum seekers, against refugee homes or attacks from other right-wing extremist motives plan.
A Germany-wide or Europe-wide control of legal terrorism is not identifiable.
The previous groups were created at the regional level or in social networks.
Worried Maaßen said that many Assaults went on the account of people who were not previously entered into the right scene.
This gives us cause for Concern.
Many of the suspects in attacks on asylum accommodation had not previously been Criminals, and politically motivated offenders, or followers of the right scene.
"Many people have committed offences that had before, with right-wing extremists, nothing in the hat, the were, perhaps, politically indifferent or, for example, the CDU, the SPD or the Left have chosen, have radicalized, however, by right-wing extremist propaganda".
Rio 2016: Robel Kiros is Habte to Internethit
Not always Olympic or world records in the headlines at the Olympic Games.
The shows the bold appearance of Robel Kiros Habte at the summer games in Rio de Janeiro.
In the Aquatics Center sponge slightly overweight swimmers from Ethiopia, so slowly that he was no longer temporarily see in the TV images.
He just disappeared - no matter how far the neck was selected.
In the social networks Habte was then the viral Internethit.
In fact, the 24-Year-old finished with a gap of 48 seconds to his lead and won the 59. Place of 59 starters.
It was rather his not just athletic figure, which drew the attention of the international media.
Why the 24-Year-old, still, takes to the Olympic Games?
The Ethiopians got from the international swimming Federation, a special start-up law.
This is distributed, in order to make the Swim in under-represented countries, well-known.
As in Ethiopia, most athletes run, wanted to Habte easy to make something a little different.
Preparation is everything: Robel Kiros Habte getting ready for the big race.
Quickly the first nickname made the rounds.
Some of the media referred to him as "Robel of the whale".
In accordance with a "prosperity belly" made the English tabloid "The Sun", "Dad Bod" fun of him.
His time, he struck first a Minute and nearly five seconds over the 100 metres free-style, played no role in it.
Comparisons with "Eric the Eel" were also drawn.
At the 2000 Olympic Games in Sydney, the running of Eric Moussambani made for media attention.
Memorable was the performance of the swimmer from Equatorial Guinea was, as he had to compete in a lead of over 100 meters free-style alone.
Frenetically Moussambani was cheered on at the time.
The then 22-Year-old learned only eight months before the Olympic swimming and had graduated prior to the Competition never such a long distance.
A seat in the front row to the breathtaking architecture of the Central library of Los Angeles
Learn more about the history of the Central library in the downtown area, since the Society of Architectural Historians/Southern California Chapter holds a Salon with Arnold Schwartzman, and Stephen Gee, the authors of the new book "Los Angeles Central Library: A History of its Art and Architecture".
It is envisaged that Gee and black man pictures of the 1926 Bertram Goodhue design, as well as the 1993 Restoration and addition by Hardy Holzman Pfeiffer Associates to discuss and share.
The Salon is for the 21. August from 14.00 to 16.00 in the Salle Moderne of the Art Deco Southwestern School of Law (formerly Bullocks Wilshire), 3050 Wilshire Blvd. set.
Visitors can visit the Central hall, the style of the room, the cactus lounge and the tea room.
Only presale tickets; SAH/SCC members, $ 15; members, $ 25.
An open Industrieloft in DTLA gets a cozy Makeover
We are celebrating the 90.th birthday is the Central library of L. A. with - what else? - a new book
Geretsried - The owner of a store at the New place has been robbed.
According to police, the 67-year-old Gerets riederin had to leave on Monday around 17: 30 at your business and forget to close a window on the ground floor.
When she came back the next Morning at around 8.15 am, had disappeared from the register around 250 Euro.
Traces of the perpetrator could not be found.
A video monitor is not available.
Trump does not see the impending defeat in the election so closely
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump speaks at a campaign event in Florida.
It should be with the election of the US President, has Donald Trump been an alternative idea.
He was going, then in the holidays.
Donald Trump loses the US presidential election in November, would be to him, is relatively the same: "Ultimately, it will either fold, or I have a very, very nice, long vacation," said the Republican candidate in a phone Interview with U.S. TV channel CNBC.
If it is not rich for him at the end, for reasons of political correctness, that was all right, said Trump.
He described the US President Barack Obama and the candidate of the Democrats, Hillary Clinton, as the founder of the terrorist militia Islamic state (IS).
Within his party, more and more resistance formed.
Post a rise in trade with electric vans
An electric delivery vehicle, Deutsche Post in action.
The interest of other companies in the vehicle is evidently large.
The Post planning to sell your electric car streetscooter.
In a nutshell, the group wants to start trading with the Transporter.
The Post wants to offer its electric-Transporter from next year, also on the open car market.
"We want to join in the sale to a third party," said a Post office spokesman on Friday.
The company is considering for months whether to sell your self-developed streetscooter, with the letters and packages are delivered to other farms.
Post Board member Jürgen Gerdes said, there are always Demands, such as by craftsmen.
According to the news magazine "der Spiegel" is trying to move in the Bonn group in brief in the mass production of the vehicles.
In the post's own production, the company is planning the construction of up to 10,000 cars per year, and layer.
Gerdes had announced, the group intends to increase its fleet of electric cars and what are you doing in the long term a complete changeover to eco-friendly vehicles.
"We are a very, very robust step in the direction of 2020," he had said at the end of July.
I can imagine that we convert the entire fleet.
The street scooter is since 2014 on the streets of Germany active.
CSF-leadership assigns to disappointing business figures
The consumer research company GfK exchanges his Chef Matthias Hartmann.
The resignations did not come suddenly, but not entirely a surprise.
The difficult situation in which the market research company GfK had to guess, that the chair of CEO Matthias Hartmann will be the more uncertain, the longer the promised successes of absence.
Turbulence at the top of the Nuremberg market research company GfK: once again, disappointing business figures and the resignation of the company's management, the world's number Five, the industry is facing a fresh start.
GfK management Board-chief wants to leave at the end of the year, the company.
The Chairman of the GfK Supervisory Board Arno Mahlert resigns with effect from 12. September from the Supervisory Board.
The leadership of the Board will be solely for the 1. In September, the previous Board of management member Gerhard Hausruckinger, the company said.
He will officially assume the function of a "Board speaker", until a successor for Hartmann to be found.
As the reason for the resignations, the company called "different views" on the long-term business-policy orientation.
Details not want to call a company spokesman on Friday.
Who will in the future run, the market research company, is currently still unclear.
In investor circles, it said on Friday, with the shareholders last, the disappointment over the lack of success of the prior years restructuring was great.
Mr. Hartmann is since 2011, the CSF-to-peak.
"The fruits of the restructuring are not, however, see even after 5 years," it said.
In view of the last bad GRP business, each shareholder will pay eventually restless.
"If that were the case BMW would do the Quandts," it said.
The company had not been able to stop after his loss travel shock in the previous quarters, also in the second quarter of 2016.
With 361.2 million Euro, sales were 6.1 percent below the level of the comparable prior-year quarter.
Based on the first half of the year, the turnover shrank with 721,2 million euros to 3.4 percent.
The profit in the second quarter, especially the fall in the value of the company has debited, in view of its difficult economic situation.
In the business area of Consumer Experience which had become necessary, and goodwill depreciation and amortisation of 139 million euros gave the group a net loss of 148.2 million euros.
In the second quarter of 2015, the GRP had generated a net profit of 19.7 million.
Accidents - Bus slips in Krummhörn in the ditch: Eight injured
In the case of an accident of a tourist bus with 43 elderly as passengers were injured on Thursday in Krummhörn (Aurich district), eight people.
Two of the occupants suffered serious injuries, police said.
The 66-year-old driver of the bus of a travel company from Eisenach had to Dodge according to their data, move the truck, the part in the opposite lane drove.
The Bus came off to the right of the road and slid into a ditch, as a spokeswoman for the police Aurich/Wittmund reported.
"Due to the location of the bus passenger could not exit the Bus independently," she said.
Firefighters freed the occupants.
Six ambulances and an ambulance came to the scene of the accident on the highway 2.
The uninjured passengers were taken by a bus back to the crooked horns of district-no response at all.
There you should wait for a Replacement bus of the travel company.
The investigators asked the truck driver and any possible witnesses to contact the police.
The fees per cubic meter of waste water will amount to from 1. October 2016 for the area of the wastewater treatment plant Neudorf/Reuth/welschen bald 3,44 instead of € 2.10; for Zultenberg/Lindenberg/Lopp 3.36 euros (previously 2,26 Euro) and for Azendorf 3,64 Euro (previously: € 2.18).
When investing in Azendorf will increase the wastewater fee, at the latest, then again, if appropriate measures for improvement are necessary.
According to a rough calculation of the sewage price in Azendorf, that is 4.37 Euro per cubic meter.
As mayor Bernd stone houses (CSU) reported that it was established with the approval of the budget by the district office of Kulmbach, for these wastewater systems Under recoveries emergence.
The market Kasendorf was obliged, on the basis of legal principles, the assets to operate cost-covering.
1. October 2016 will have to attack the citizens, as well as the commercial and industrial sectors from welschen KAHL, Neudorf, Reuth, Azendorf, Lopp, Lindenberg and Zultenberg deep in the purse.
The fee increases are between 48 and 67 percent.
As administrative Manager Herbert Schmidt pointed out the body was a recalculation of the fees for the wastewater systems of the municipality is necessary.
In the period from October 2016 to September 2020 On or under deck are offset from the preceding calculation period.
The major fee increases-founded Schmidt, that all three wastewater treatment plants are relatively small institutions with a very small amount of Wastewater, the spent between the 6800 and 12000 cubic meters per year.
This would have an impact due to the low distribution basis, for example, expenses for necessary repairs of several Thousand euros serious.
In addition, the waste water is in all three facilities declined slightly.
Furthermore, the period for all three systems, in the Calculation, not least because of their age, rehabilitation and repair expenses incurred to a considerable extent.
The plant in Azendorf was nearly 30 years old, the facilities for welschen KAHL, Neudorf and Reuth, as well as Zultenberg, Lindenberg and Lopp almost 20 years.
Schmidt pointed out that in the waste water treatment plant Azendorf the mechanical ventilation system had to be replaced due to damage.
In the pumping station, welschen bald the nearly 20-year-old conveyor systems from the ground up and had to be overhauled and for the Pond water treatment plant Lopp had to be dredged after almost 20 years of operation of the first settling Lagoon, sludge will be disposed, and an additional ventilation option fitted to the water law requirements also in the future comply with.
Schmidt: "To these extraordinary expenses, the updated care and maintenance costs are taken into account in the new calculation period."
The Same is true for electricity costs, which were in the previous calculation, in 2011/2012, still significantly below the current level.
Stone houses made it clear that for the small amount of Wastewater in the three systems, the expenses for the operation and maintenance of "strike through".
It should be, said Schmidt, the market town of great entertainment costs at the wastewater treatment plants in the past 20 years have been spared.
The Situation for the above-mentioned plants will remain in the view of stone houses on duration of continue to be precarious, especially since you could not expand the coverage area of the waste water purpose Association fries valley to these plants, because it is loss-making facilities.
Bulgaria recognized for the first Time in 8 months, the Inflation
National statistics show that Inflation in Bulgaria in July amounted to 1% on a monthly Basis.
This is the highest value (since June 2012) and the first above Zero since October of last year, as positive and 0.2 % were recorded.
The annual average inflation of the last 12 months (August 2015 - July 2016) in comparison to the previous 12 months (August 2014 - July 2015) was measured according to the CPI to 0.8 %.
The consumer price index in July 2016, as compared to June 2016 amounted to 101,0 %, i.e. the monthly Inflation was 1.0 %.
The inflation rate since the beginning of the year (July 2016 compared to December 2015) was -0.2 % and the annual Inflation in July 2016 compared to fraud in July 2015 of -0.2 %.
In July 2016, compared to the previous month price of the following groups of increase in consumption observed goods: food and non-alcoholic beverages (by 1.7 %); Transport (1.8 per cent); recreation and culture (by 6.3 %); Restaurants and Hotels (1.2 %); the different goods and services (by 0.3 %).
Prices fell for clothing and footwear (by 2.2 %); furnishings, household equipment and routine maintenance (from 0.5 %); health (up 0.1 %).
The prices remained as in the previous month in the case of alcoholic beverages and tobacco; housing, water, electricity, Gas and other fuels; communication; and education remained unchanged.
Snapchat "Anime"effect criticized as an Asian cartoon
Snapchat says that this Anime Filter is inspired, but some observers say that it is insensitive to races.
With its filter tool allows Snapchat to approximately 150 million daily users, to change reality and to play with identities in such a way that it borders on the Absurd.
You can turn into a pineapple, a dog, or a figure that could be a painting from Roy Lichtenstein.
The filters are blunt, feature twisting Tools, which generate more than 30 million improved Selfies per day.
All of the missteps to reach the Public.
Snapchat filters have drawn in the past, criticism, in which they were accused, that the App promotes Blackface or white skin as the ideal of beauty would propagate.
As it is this week some of the users have a Filter suggested, gave them slit eyes, false teeth, and bloated cheeks, called it some of the critics, a racist caricature of Asians - "yellow face".
They wondered whether these repeated Controversies, pointing to a bigger Problem that the company has with diversity.
The news and the outrage was widespread on Wednesday, with the Reports of The Verge, Motherboard, a day after Snapchat announced that it had disabled the Feature.
The company offered an apology: The Filter was intended as a tribute to Anime characters, and not as a caricature of Asians.
But outsiders who have experienced Racism, reminded of the Filter to hurtful stereotypes.
Others disliked the Anime comparison.
In an E-Mail to Grace Sparapani, a Korea wrote Japanese-American art student, whose Tweet has been disseminated about the photos that the Filter was "hurtful and to say the least, unpleasant."
She added that "it is difficult to argue the opposite position of a very disgusting Asian cartoon and the filter effects.
It shows that the Filter is yellow faced, but that the yellow face was drawn into derogatory to the Extreme.
Snapchat is not the only company that crosses these cultural trip wires.
The American culture seems to be in an endless Diversity and integration-the battle of conference rooms up to Hollywood and the devices that we all hold in the Hand.
And Snapchat's large audience of young people - in terms of race more diverse than their older counter - players are more likely to assume, to expect sensitivity.
If one of Snapchats a picture Filter created for a User offensive, "so it is much more difficult that such things go unnoticed, as was previously the case," said the 25-year-old Katie Zhu in an Interview on Thursday.
On Thursday, Zhu, who works as a product Manager and engineer for Medium decided to your Snapchat account delete called on others to do the same.
In an essay for Medium, and in a telephone interview, you said that you believe that race-related Controversies reflect a lack of diversity in the recruitment practices in the case of Snapchat.
Zhu criticized the largely white, male leadership and finished snapchat your essay with a Hashtag: #Delete.
"Either you have no diverse representation of people with other skin colors in their workforce, so that you can make such decisions," said the Chinese-American Zhu, "or you have people with other skin colors who work there, but not in positions in which they feel safe, or comfortable, to say something about it."
Others share your opinion, a complaint, Snapchat is largely unanswered left.
The company does not publish Figures on the diversity of its workforce and draws attention to its Status as a private company.
On Thursday it declined to Snapchat to discuss the cultural backgrounds of its employees, but according to a spokesperson, the company has set recently a recruiter that focuses on under-represented population groups and to internal integration efforts.
Zhu said that they will leave your Snapchat account was closed and added, "I wonder if you need more Users like us, to not be able to say that this is o. K."
Military service information, guide distort ISIS secret Committee of Congress
Members of the military of the United States Central Command, altered intelligence information to draw a more optimistic picture of the war against the so-called Islamic state in Iraq and Syria as it would have allowed the actual conditions on site, pending an investigation Committee of the Congress in a report on Thursday.
The preliminary Report created by a Task Force of Republican members of the armed services Committee, intelligence Committee and the military budget kommites, reports of great discontent among Central Command intelligence analysts have reported on how managers changed their assessment of the American efforts in the fight against the Islamic state.
The Central Command, in short, Cencom, is the military headquarters in Tampa, Florida, which controls American military operations in the Middle East and Central Asia.
"Intelligence information, a senior Centcom commanders were typically rubber-stamped manner, signed regularly, a more positive picture of the American efforts against terrorism than it would have allowed the actual conditions on site and were consistently more positive than analyses of other intelligence services", - quoted a newspaper article on the report.
"What happened at Centcom, is unacceptable - our soldiers suffer, when bad analyses of our political leaders are presented," said Ken Calvert, Republican member of the house of representatives.
The Leadership failure in the Centcom reach up to the top of the organization.
The ten page report shows detailed persistent problems in the years 2014 and 2015 in the descriptions and analyses of the American efforts in the training of the Iraqi armed forces.
Although there is no direct evidence to suggest that the government have given tips under Obama's instructions, to change the reports, it shows how analysts are going to put the pressure of their pre-exposed to saw, to draw a more optimistic picture of the threat of the Islamic state, also known as ISIS or ISIL,.
"During the first half of the year 2015, many of the Central Command press releases, goods, opinions, and statements before Congress, stated significantly more positive than it corresponds to the facts" of the report.
For example, a Centcom announced pair publicly that a military reconquest Mossuls could already begin in April or may 2015.
Mosul, Iraq's second largest city, remains under the control of the Islamic state.
"After months of investigation, this much is clear." said Mike Pompeo, a Republican Congressman from Kansas, in a statement.
By the middle of 2014 until the middle of the year 2015, the leaders of the Central Command changed the intelligence reports that the threat by ISIS to play in Iraq.
The Republicans called the Task Force, after you tool that analysts are Worried regarding the Manipulation of Reports to the Islamic state.
The on Thursday released the report by more detailed findings completed during the investigation will be continued.
In addition, further investigation of the Centcom reports by the inspector General of the defense Ministry are in progress.
Democratic members of the intelligence Committee, published on Thursday their own findings, which were consistent with some of the conclusions of the Republican Task Force.
"In the years 2014 and 2015, the Centcom created an unduly restricted process for the preparation of intelligence assessments of ISIL and the Iraqi security services", announced the highest-ranking Democrat in the Committee, a member of the house of representatives Adam B. Schiff, in a statement.
This process, Mr. Schiff, "delayed the publication of intelligence Reports," damaged the morale among analysts and "excessively little room for dissenting opinions."
But Mr. ship-and the Democrats claimed to have no information on Intervention of the White house in the Centcom analysts in terms of a "political opinion" found.
The preliminary results of the investigations of the Congress were published on Tuesday by "The Daily Beast".
Last August, the New York Times reported that investigations by the inspector General of the Pentagon taken after complaints from the Centcom analysts.
Lt. Cmdr. Patrick Evans, a spokesman for the Pentagon, said in a statement that the Ministry of defence would comment on the reports of the Congress, during the investigation of the inspector General are still in progress.
But he also admitted that "experts sometimes have quite divergent opinions regarding the Interpretation of complex data, and that the intelligence services and the Ministry of defence welcomed a controversial discussion of these important issues of national defense."
The investigations have repercussions on the question of a successful air campaign under American leadership in Iraq and Syria (a claim which is now made by a growing number of members of the Ministry of defence).
The accusations of the past year have, however, raised the question of whether President Obama can rely on the Central Command for honest assessments of the military operations in Iraq, Afghanistan, Libya and other crisis regions.
The criticism with regard to the intelligence information about the Islamic state are reminiscent of arguments from more than ten years ago, as a Centcom Analyst, Gregory Hooker, a piece of writing wrote about how the then government under George W. Bush, did, contrary to the recommendations of many analysts, only a small occupation force in Iraq and little time transformations, to think about the consequences of the Invasion of 2003 thoughts.
Mr. Hooker also played a key role in the uprising against the current system of reporting on the Islamic state.
In the past year, the Team of Mr. Hooker, after giving the government notes that, contrary to the statements of the government air strikes against the Islamic state-held refineries would have no significant impact on the financial position of the terrorist group, as these makeshift refineries would be put into operation, in order to sell Oil on the black market.
This finding, however, was not released, reported the Times in September.
Centcoms former commander, gen Lloyd J. Austin III, has been criticised by members of the legislature because of his overly positive evaluation of the war situation, at a hearing before the Senate.
General Austin was in April, retired and was replaced at Central Command by gen Joseph L. Votel.
The United States win the fourth Match in field hockey, the women, a Showdown with Britain is imminent
One day, after they had scored three goals during a 6-1 victory over Japan, made Katie Bam, the first two goals for the American field hockey team of women in a Match on Thursday against India, the Americans won on the inside with 3-0.
Five goals in two Games should be a memorable performance, but Bam (27) said that she could not remember ever having done.
"I have no idea." she said.
I am not one of the people who keep their goals in mind.
You know: The Americans are 4-0 in Olympic Competition and are neck and neck in their group with the British in the first place, after their 2-0 victory against Japan unbeaten.
The United Kingdom and the United States will meet on Saturday in the last game of the first round.
Both teams have already qualified for the quarter-finals, the game will decide what will become of the two within their group of six Teams, each of the first and second place.
The first place winner will go to the strong Dutch a little longer to get out of the way, the lead the other group.
As always, the game on Saturday, like to go out, the Americans have triggered by your success story with a surprising vertebrae, four years after they landed at the last London Games in the last 12 seats.
Bam was part of this team.
She grew up in Blue Bell, Pennsylvania, and had for the first Time in three years, a hockey stick in his hands (both of her older sisters played the Sport at Drexel University), with 16 years national player of the United States, the youngest in the history of the team.
You missed the Olympics in 2008, because they could not qualify for the squad.
Then came the year 2012 for you and your Team everything went wrong.
The following year, Craig Parnham, an Englishman, the coach of the national team, and thus began was to turn things for the better.
"A culture change, a mental change and a physical change," said Bam.
We have not had the amount of work in London that we have now.
We have been able to change tack completely.
On Thursday night opened Bam the scoring in the first half of the game with a backhand from close range.
India had gone without a win in the tournament in the game, but the Team was surprisingly tough and kept the game from 1-0 up in the third quarter, up Bam took the game in their hands.
They did a Sprint with the flat Ball on the left flank, then moved into the middle and lobbed the Ball into the goal to the Americans to give the interior a 2-0 lead.
Melissa Gonzalez, the final goal made in the middle of the last quarter.
The Shutout was the first of the entire tournament for the goalkeeper of the USA, Jackie Briggs, had so far recorded a goal each in each of the previous games.
It has a run.
Just like Bam.
"We are in a good Position," said Parnham, but how well will depend on the outcome of the next game on Saturday.
In the midst of the Rage of the Olympic games, the Zen of the trampoline
Wherever you are, how late it is, it is the Olympic games.
The events in Rio de Janeiro to feel resistant, and inevitably, a frantic relay race between competition and striving.
It is, as the Olympic torch itself would be a burning rod, which is passed from the archers to the float to Turner for triathletes.
You can't turn on the TV, read a newspaper, or at the call of your neighbors in the queue in the coffee shop listening without hearing about Simone Biles, Katie Ledecky, or the dispute between Michael Phelps and Chad le Clos.
And then there are Logan Dooley.
Dooley, for the first Time at the Olympics and a heartthrob with the dimples, would definitely build among these well-known names to be sent to the Prime Time, through sponsors and feel-good TV ads, if he was a swimmer, gymnast or even fencers.
But Dooley, 28, of Lake Forest, California, is fighting in the Olympic trampoline gymnastics Gold.
The Olympic flame lights every event.
Further from the centre, partly in the shadow of the sports that are not generally recognised: air gun shooting, archery, Badminton, Taekwondo.
We will always have the Breaststroke, and may it reign be long.
But if I could humbly make arguments for my particular favorite, then let me attention to the discreet charm of the trampoline to steer.
Although the trampoline since 2000, an Olympic event, as it had in Sydney, made his debut, there has not been perceived in the past 16 years, so sparse, that a lot of the, I had interviewed knew that it is an Olympic sport.
This could also be regional ignorance.
Although the United States has sent athletes to the Competition, it has never won a medal in jump on the trampoline and up to 2012, athletes had made it to the finals.
The Chinese and the Russians tend to be the prices for the men and the Chinese and the Canadians share the for the women.
Dong Dong from China and Rosie MacLennan from Canada will defend this year, her gold medal from London.
The trampoline has jump a certain outsider charm, partly because it sounds for the uninformed ear, more suitable for a clown school than for the Olympic games.
At this point I should admit that I'm no expert, but just an earthbound Enthusiast.
It is humorist has potential - the cartoon-like Shaking of his never-ending thunderous impact, but also the grace of the gymnastics and diving, the two sports that unites it.
The word "trampoline" comes from the Spanish El Trampolin, which means "diving Board."
Emerging the winner, jump on a giant trampoline, shooting almost up to 30 feet in the air and a number of the movements (Turn, dive, and somersaults) must, before you land on your feet.
You will be assessed according to the official Olympic program after the execution, difficulty, and "flight time".
Thirty-two athletes from 17 countries, 16 men and 16 women, will compete in Rio against each other.
The most common Olympic vector is a straight line.
Medal hopeful must go in their quest for Gold further, faster, up and over, sometimes up to the target, sometimes there and back, up and down on the Playground.
You are not just chasing the finish line or the starting wall, but in the TV broadcast also another scornful aim: to make the world or Olympic record.
The goal-oriented striving is noble, admirable, even fanatical, and it is enough to stir even an audience to tears.
But it is also what I feel when watching these games as a little tiring.
The trampoline offers a pause for breath.
The vector of the trampoline jumper is at the top.
A forward movement is not the goal.
He or she bounces off, seemingly weightless as an Astronaut, goes up, then down, then effortlessly back to the top.
Here, too, there is competition, of course, not without difficulty, but during the Exercise there is no frantic attack on the target, not a Dome in the distance, only the dreamy, elegant lifting of time and gravity.
It is so Zen like, the competition at the Olympic Games is only can be.
The qualification and finals of the women will be held on Friday afternoon, in the Streaming at 13: 00 Eastern Time and the men on Saturday, also at 13.00.
NBC will broadcast the final rounds as part of an afternoon block on both days, starting at 14.00.
In the midst of Olympic-mania, the promise of a quiet, nice Moment, one that is overlooked in the General hubbub probably.
If the Awareness-raising can only be through the Gapes and the object classification of male athletes - as it is the male American gymnasts, according to The Wall Street Journal recently suggested - then Mr Dooley expects his air ring to the end of that new fan base.
"A Generation of protest" in Ethiopia, Long an ally of the United States
Violent protests in Ethiopia
Demonstrators calling for political changes in Ethiopia, met with a violent resistance to the government.
Witnesses say that tens of Protesters were killed in the move during clashes with the police when shot.
Is Ethiopia a break just to match?
In the last ten years, it was one of the most stable countries in Africa, a solid ally of the West, with a fast-growing economy.
But in the last few months-torn protests against the government of the country, and expanded in more and more areas.
Last week, stormed thousands of people to the streets and demanded fundamental political changes.
The response of the government was, according to human rights organizations relentlessly.
Witnesses reported that police officers shot at dozens of unarmed protesters shot and killed.
In the circulation of Videos of the protests are believed to be from the last or beginning of this year, show how security guards beat young people with sticks while they were compelled to do a Handstand against a wall.
The head of the UN's Commission on human rights now requires a thorough investigation.
"It has always been difficult for this country to keep together and in the future it will be even more difficult," said Rashid Abdi, the project Manager of the Horn of Africa, International Crisis Group, a research group.
Ethiopia to Nigeria, the most populous country in Africa and its stability is estimated from the West.
American military and intelligence services work closely with the Ethiopians in order to combat terrorist threats beyond the Region, particularly in Somalia. Only a few countries in Africa, if at all, get as much help from the West.
Ethiopia's economy expanded at a remarkable pace.
Its infrastructure has improved dramatically - there is a new commuter train in the capital, Addis Ababa.
The roads are generally quiet, safe and clean.
Even if Ethiopia was not a model for democracy - human rights organizations have continuously led the repression by the government - the Opposition in the country was restricted, where dissidents have been effectively Silenced.
Many were sent into exile or to prison, killed, or in the vast Expanses of the desert driven.
But that could change.
"If you oppress people and they have no other options to protest unless it breaks," said Seyoum Teshome, a lecturer in Central Ethiopia.
All of the youth protested.
A Generation of protest.
There are numerous complaints, covering everything from land use to the stranglehold of Power of the ruling coalition.
After a widely criticised election last year, the ruling party and its allies received the last seat of the Opposition and are now in control of 100 percent of the Parliament.
At the same time, tensions are rising along the border with Eritrea; the jagged, controversial line called for in June, hundreds of lives.
Analysts fear that the separatists, such as the Oromo liberation front or the National liberation front in the Ogaden, which were defeated in the last few years, more or less, take advantage of the turbulence and could arm.
Several factors explain why feelings of resentment after years of to explode in front of Hinköchelns under the surface now.
The first seems harmless enough: Smartphones.
Only in the last years, a great many of the Ethiopians were able to communicate by means of social media, cheaper smart phones were becoming more common and the Internet improved services.
Even if the government blocks access to Facebook and Twitter what you are doing at regular intervals, especially during protests, will be able to communicate a lot of people still on the Internet Proxies, which hide where they are.
Several young Ethiopians said that they gathered to protest.
The second factor is that there is more solidarity between the Oromos and Amharas, the two largest ethnic groups in Ethiopia.
The Oromos and Amharas are not natural enemies.
Since Eons, prosper, the Amharas from Ethiopia containing predominantly Christian countries, in politics and the economy, while Stripping the Oromos, many of whom are Muslims, and in lowland areas of life.
But even that is changing.
"We are to co-ordinate under one umbrella," said Mulatu Gemechu, a leader of the Oromos.
The largest protests were held in areas of the Amhara and Oromos.
Many Amharas and Oromos have the feeling that Ethiopia is unfairly dominated by way of members of the ethnic group, the Tigray, which account for approximately 6 percent of the population and are in the military, in the intelligence services, in the trade and of the policy dominant.
The third reason for the riots was the death of Meles Zenawi.
Mr Meles, a former rebel leader, was until his death, at a non-public-made disease in the year 2012 for 17 years, Ethiopia's Prime Minister.
He was regarded as a tactical genius, a man who could think around corners.
Analysts say that he was particularly well versed in the early signs of discontent and to use a special representative, to edit, to opponents and to make them harmless.
"The current Regime there is a lack of this basic skill," said Mr. Abdi, a conflict analyst.
Ethiopia's new Prime Minister, Hailemariam Desalegn, has been selected from a relatively obscure reasons, the position of Mr Meles.
Unlike Mr Meles, who came from the Tigray Region of Northern Ethiopia, Mr Hailemariam is from the South.
Analysts say that he enjoys the confidence of the Tigray-controlled security services.
Many fear that the result will be more bloodshed.
The last Time Ethiopia had experienced such turmoil in 2005, after thousands against election protested, the were bungled, according to information from analysts appears to be from the government, and then stolen.
During the subsequent raids, many of the protesters were killed at the end, even if it were less than in the last few months, and this time the riots went by relatively quickly.
Development experts praised Ethiopia's leaders for their visionary infrastructure planning, such as the new commuter train, as well as for its measurable progress in the fight against poverty.
But obviously, this has not prevented the intensification of internal resentment of the Ethiopian government.
And she takes on a dangerous ethnic Form.
Last month, protesters attacked the end in Gondar, Amharic, city of Tigray-run business, and the hatred towards to the Tigray is usual in the social media.
Analysts say that the protests will bring the United States and other Western allies in a peculiar Position.
The American government used Ethiopia as a base for drone flights over neighboring Somalia, even if they recently announced that it has closed on this Basis.
While the West wants to give clear support to the democracy, he does not want that his ally collapses in an already volatile area.
"This," said Mr Abdi, "is a very thin tightrope."
Donald Trump explains his statement Obama had been was founded ISIS "sarcasm" 
Donald J. Trump tried to disperse on Friday, the last controversy surrounding his campaign, he stated that his multi-repeated claim, President Obama and Hillary Clinton would be the "founder" of the terrorist group Islamic state, was not meant seriously.
This raised a clarification, new questions on the communication skills of the presidential candidate of the Republicans, if he was able to communicate clearly and understandably with the American Public.
It is also his comrades-in-arms, the effort brings him during an event Phase, to take into protection, in the peculiar Position statements explain that he might not have even meant.
After he had made the suggestion at a campaign event on Wednesday evening, rowed back to Mr. Trump in respect of the claim on Thursday and insisted in Interviews that he really had not intended to imply, the President and Mrs. Clinton ISIS.
But in an early-morning Tweet on Friday, Mr. Trump said he was just being sarcastic.
The Tweet was the contrast to the previous day, at which Mr. Trump said in a series of Interviews, he said the accusation is completely serious.
As the conservative radio wanted to help the moderator Hugh Hewitt, Mr. Trump, the statement is to mitigate a little by reminding him that Mr. Obama wants to destroy ISIS, wanted to know the Republican presidential candidate, none of that.
The last storm of criticism rains down upon Mr. Trump, while he has to steer trying to take the focus of his campaign because of falling poll numbers on the economy.
Mr. Trump and Mrs. Clinton gave Speeches on the economic situation in Michigan this week.
On Friday, Mr. Trump tried to return again on this topic.
On Twitter reporting he warned that Mrs. Clinton would lead the proposals for higher taxes and that he is to have found your speech to be boring.
Mr. Trump has argued sarcasm already to his defense.
At the end of July, he drew strong criticism, as he said, the Russians should chop Mrs. Clinton's e-mails, however, he explained later, "of Course, I was attempting to be sarcastic".
This method allowed Mr. Trump to move the linguistic boundaries in the policy and to return it on demand.
"I think it is one of his methods to test how certain messages will be received by his Fans, as they arrive, and then, if necessary, "to clarify", depending on the reaction. " said Ruth Sherman, a communications expert, observed that the language of both candidates.
But I also believe, he is clever enough to keep his statements vague enough so that they can be interpreted in different ways.
To defuse rather than set the tone for the presidential election, Mr. Trump accepted an even etching their sound, as his poll numbers continue to decline.
A new poll from NBC/Wall Street Journal/Marist, which was released on Friday, showed a lead with a large margin in the States of North Carolina, Virginia, Colorado, and a head-to-head race in Florida.
While Mr. Trump tried to have for his provocative Statements, not to apologize, he blames his critics often to distort his statements, or to understand his sense of Humor wrong.
But while the attention is an increasing focus in the last months of his presidential campaign, Mr. trump's jokes, brought his loyal comrades-in-arms in the uncomfortable Situation to have to stand by him, regardless of how provocative like his statements.
Rudolph W. Giuliani, former mayor of New York, and one of trump's most prominent advocates, took great pains to defend the candidate today in a CNN Interview on Thursday.
"I think what he says legitimate, political comments," Mr. Giuliani said, he was questioned as to the correctness of Mr. Trumps statements, whether Mr. Obama and Mrs. Clinton would have established the Islamic state.
It is in this sense true that prior to Obama, ISIS was an almost unknown, small organization, he called backbenchers, utterly wrong, and that's why it happened, because he withdrew the troops from Iraq.
Most of the Mainstream Republicans try to argue that the government, under Obama, served in the Mrs. Clinton as Secretary of state, it allowed ISIS to spread by allowing it to bring the Situation in the Middle East, aggressive under control.
Before the election campaign events in Pennsylvania on Friday, Mr. Trump continued his attacks on the media and accused them, on each of his words ride around and against him is biased.
He mocked the "poor, wretched" television experts who try to understand him, and said, "you can do it!".
Some of the Democrats mocked Mr. trump's apology as just a further proof that he is for the presidency to be unsuitable.
Once the price out of the market, come back cafe in Greenpoint
Verb Cafe was a shabby Café in Williamsburg, where you could only pay in cash, had no Wi-Fi, but for 15 years, good coffee is served.
Of course, it was supplanted by the prices from the Bedford Avenue store front.
The business of Soap Cherie, the replaced in the summer of 2014, sold soap in the Form of Cupcakes.
Locals mourned it as the last loss in a gentrifizi city.
The artist Molly Crabapple wrote on Twitter, "I know New York is change, but I still can't believe, that CBGB except for dead, the Chelsea Hotel, and the Verb has now a soap business."
But if New York is change, then it is also a reinvention.
A reanimated Verb Cafe opened last November in Greenpoint, less than a mile North of its original location.
The new Verb has Wi-Fi and accepts credit cards, but still has some of the same staff and a similar simple atmosphere.
The coffee is still good.
The new owner of Cisco Rodriguez, a longtime employee of the old Cafés, owner and managing Director of the new cafes.
He began in 2001 to work at Verb, and remained there until the end.
When a customer offered money for a new outdoor site to provide, he was excited to do it, he said.
Rodriguez, 36, kept a lot of things.
Verb used the same Distributor for the Bagels the same espresso machine model bought.
It even used the same lamps from the old Verb.
But Rodriguez said that he also wanted to experiment with.
He introduced new ingredients.
On the menu are Sandwiches with bacon and cheese and onion are toppings such as capers and sauteed.
It's brown rice bowls.
The Café serves beer, there are fresh juices.
After nine months, Rodriguez said that he had noticed a steady stream of old regular customers.
"A lot of old customers were replaced by prices from Williamsburg," he said.
Recently, on a Sunday, Rebecca Oliveira was such a customer.
Oliveira, 34, used to live in Williamsburg and visited the Verb is regular.
Even after they had moved to Greenpoint, would you take the path up.
After the Verb had closed, gave you a while drinking coffee, she said.
"I realized that it was the coffee and culture in the Verb, which appealed to me," she said.
Now she's drinking coffee again, even if you ordered that day instead of your usual Iced Coffees a Blended Chai Tea, which is another new addition.
Tom Rosenthal is since the beginning of the Verb, in 2003, another long-standing and loyal customer.
He went there before work and ordered inevitably always the Same.
"I came at a quarter past seven, every day, like a Swiss pocket watch and prepare my Everything Bagel with Butter," he said.
Photo Rodriguez said he wanted to include experimentation and new ingredients into the menu.
Today, Rosenthal still gets his usual order, but sometimes he changes his Everything Bagel with bacon, Egg and cheese.
Rodriguez said that he harbored no resentment about it, that the soap business has taken the old business room.
In fact, the owner of the Soap Cherie offered a special soap for a Verb with the cold-brewed coffee in the cafes as an ingredient.
"I think we will take her up on her offer," said Rodriguez.
And the traditional Polish inhabitants "green points" have accepted the Café.
A new customer has translated the menu into Polish and Rodriguez said that he intends to issue soon, so that his new neighbors feel welcome.
The location also has other advantages.
A local juice locally to fill the cold brewed coffee into bottles and sell it.
There is a Chance that the cafe is expanding to an adjacent building.
For many customers, a new Verb is enough to get your old favorites.
Joseph Witt was a regular customer and said that he was devastated when the cafe lock.
As the new Café opened, said Whitt, the Entering of the premises, and the Order felt like a new coffee as of a homecoming.
"I had to smell it," he said.
The depressing dinner of the economic crisis in "a full meal"
In March 1933, shortly after his ascent to the presidency, Franklin Delano Roosevelt, his lunch in the Oval Office.
As the Gourmets, had President Roosevelt a soft spot for the refined delicacies of Fifth Avenue as Pâte de foie gras and Maryland water turtle soup.
The menu that day was something more modest: stuffed eggs in tomato sauce, mashed potatoes and as a Dessert a plum pudding.
"It was an act of culinary solidarity with suffering people," said Jane Ziegelman.
Her husband Andrew Coe added,"It is also a message to the Americans was, as you eat."
The couple Heights lives in Brooklyn and both food historians.
CoE's last book, "Chop Suey" was about the Chinese cuisine in the United States, while Ziegelman writes in her book "97 Orchard" about life in a residential building on the Lower East Side from the food perspective.
Their latest collaboration, "A decent meal", which will appear on Tuesday in the Harper publishing house, illustrates the history of the American kitchen during the Great Depression.
They showed culinary solidarity, as a Reporter in Eisenberg's Shop Sandwich meet for dinner, a small, pure Snack bar in the Flatiron District, which is already since the stock market crash of 1929 in the business.
Ziegelman, 54, ordered a cheese sandwich with olives pieces, while Coe, 57, Turkey with mashed potatoes and vegetable mixture ate.
As the Reporter meatloaf ordered, this was the Pair for a discussion about food in the Era of the Great Depression fits.
"Rich food were very popular," said Ziegelman.
There was peanut bread, liver, cheese, and beans bread.
They were made from one ingredient and a little Cheap, the stretches of the ingredient.
Imagine, eating so many peanuts that they serve you as dinner.
Coe grinned.
"It must have been in the stomach like lead," he said.
In the years before the Great Depression of the table in an American household, especially in rural areas, an All-You-Can-Eat-Buffet.
Teams of women boiled for a male field worker and it was served freshly baked Pie for Breakfast, lunch, and dinner.
It's the Americans, sent during the first world war of food to starving Europeans. "A Square Meal" records the ways by which the country will no longer be treated to be the land of milk and honey.
"It was a time in the food for the Americans is a Central, tense theme," begündete Coe, why he and his wife write about it wanted.
Just as tense, the new budget diet: secret full meals like loaves of bread and the cashier were exploit to roll staple, the Fund's role as a "wonderful Art, food scraps reuse," said Ziegelman, da chefs were able to hide unsavory ingredients in a creamy Sauce.
Fresh fruit was replaced by cheaper dried fruit.
Meat was for years the center of the American kitchen, it was to rare to be served a luxury.
Peculiar blends have been tried, as a high-calorie and nährhafte satisfaction takes precedence over taste or even healthy kitchen mind.
During your Research for the book, which includes recipes, prepared Ziegelman, a court of this epoch, baked onions with peanut butter.
"It wasn't a popular addition on the Mittagst," says Coe.
Brick man continues:"It was surreal."
Peanut butter and fried onions do not fit to each other.
It was for many of the home Economics recipes typical.
Like never before, or since, driven home economists - including Louise Stanley, head of the Federal Bureau of Home Economics to host between 1923 to 1943 - the eating habits of the country such.
By published recipes and articles in Newspapers and magazines, encouraged women to "budgetary policy" and the challenge to turn to Mush as creamy Spaghetti with carrots in a delicious meal.
"A Square Meal" is a Feast of historic delights.
Especially tasty are the reports on the government's response to the starving citizens, such as President Herbert Hoover's Let-me-cake-and-eat attitude.
While he publicly praised the simple Iowa farm house kitchen, his kitchen, fed it as the million dollar man of the world, he's become.
"He liked continental cuisine, such as fish with cucumber sauce," said Coe.
He ate in an almost gold-plated dining-room, and wore a Tuxedo.
He was delightfully out of touch with reality.
President Roosevelt might have committed the same error, if not to his wife Eleanor with him and was prompted to make his stomach an example.
As described in the book the Hire a housekeeper led with no interest in flavors by Mrs. Roosevelt to the White house brought the most boring food in Washington, but also one of the most bleak Prepared."
Many of the species from the Era of the Great Depression, with food deal, was discarded as soon as the country got back on its feet.
The legacy is our continued focus on calories and food, said Ziegelman, as well as how science is applied to food.
The Couple were to have during the Writing of the book, the eating habits of the brick Mans mother-in-law is better understood - for example, as food could not throw away.
"She had a real fear of food waste," said Coe.
Ziegelman said: "you made people actually sick."
There was the bag of wind incident.
After the plates were cleared at Eisenberg's, they moved and Coe a Dessert that they had prepared at home: the plum dessert, the President Roosevelt to lunch.
"It's Prune Whip called," said Ziegelman, and added that it is a common Trick was not to miss a modest of the recipes a fancy name.
There was no whipped cream, only plums, flour, sugar, water and cinnamon.
Everyone dipped a little reluctantly, a spoonful of the viscous, brown goo.
Surprisingly, it tasted not bad.
Coe repeated three times as a reference.
As a Can-Do-Budgetierer he said to his wife, "A few chopped walnuts would help."
In the case of bomb attack killed: He was the Hero of Aleppo
He put his own life at risk to help others: Khaled Omar.
He was the Hero of Aleppo: Khaled Omar devoted his life to the people in Syria.
He risked everything to save the life of Another.
Now the 30-Year-old self died in a Barrel bomb attack by the Assad regime.
Omar was a member of the "White Helmets", a civil protection group, the nearly 60,000 people rescued, according to the Bild-Zeitung, so far, the life.
2900 Volunteers put their own lives on the line to pull people out of bombed-out houses and to contribute to the war zone first aid.
They are the heroes of the war in Syria.
Omar the face of the group: A Video of the civil protection, which shows him with an 11-hour rescue of an infant from the rubble of a house, was 2014 went around the world.
It made the Syrians to the glowing symbol in the horrors of war.
As a hero he saw himself, however, never, said, according to the image: "For me, this is the real Jihad."
"If I'm going to die, to save lives, I think that God sees me as a Martyr."
Just before Omar fell victim to aggression, he had spoken in a Video about the recent bomb attacks in Syria.
The helicopter dropped four barrel bombs on the Alzadia district, was filled with chlorine gas.
A woman and two children died, seven people suffer from shortness of breath.
"We eliminate now the toxic Remains of the bomb, so not for children to play with it", - quotes the image of his last words before he died.
The deadly bombing of the Assad regime had to meet the terrorists.
Grönlandhai: The oldest Vertebrate is almost 400 years old
Rare Sight.
Grönlandhaie come mostly in Winter to the surface.
This shark was allowed to return after an investigation aboard the research vessel Sanna into the sea.
He was born in 1624, and swim with a 1 km/h through the North Atlantic - until today.
Grönlandhaie get only 150 years young.
Leisurely the Grönlandhai floats at the bottom of the North Atlantic, along, in an hour, he comes in an average of 1,220 meters.
Only if it comes down to it, it accelerates the five-Meter-long animal to a whopping 2.6 km/h and this maximum speed is half as fast as a seal.
This slowness embossed living style seems to be a recipe for a ripe old age.
Julius Nielsen of the University of Copenhagen and his colleagues report in the journal "Science" in any case, from a Grönlandhai that could be 392 years old.
"Madness," says Alexander Scheuerlein from the Max-Planck-Institute for demographic research in Rostock, this life-span, the means for Vertebrates a world record.
Although the evolution is suspected, a biologist for a long time that Grönlandhaie be as old as the hills.
Only the evidence was lacking.
Grönlandhaie are difficult to observe, finally, they live mainly in the Arctic ocean in front of the sparsely populated coasts of Canada, Greenland, Norway and Spitsbergen.
Because water temperatures prefer to six degrees Celsius, at the surface usually only in the Winter.
About the life style of the Grönlandhaie researchers know correspondingly little.
Their slow pace, they measured, as they provided prior to Spitsbergen six animals with a transmitter equipment.
Prey of these sharks still In the stomach of an animal, researchers found the Remains of a seal, another had taken the jawbone of a young polar bear.
You may hunt sleeping animals or patrolling at the bottom of the Arctic ocean and search for carcasses, the stagger from the higher water layers to the bottom.
Julius Nielsen and his colleagues studied 28 Grönlandhaie, the Fischer between 2010 and 2013, in front of Greenland, or Spitsbergen as a by-catch from the depths of the North Atlantic, it was picked up.
The smallest shark was just 81 inches long, while the largest 502 centimeters in dimension.
In order to determine the age of the animals, they analyzed the carbon-14 method the lens nucleus of the sharks.
This is the center of the lens of the eye develops before birth, the sharks, the proteins are not renewed.
The two smallest sharks were striking a lot of carbon-14 in the lens core.
Your birth should be, therefore, to the early 1960s, when nuclear tests threw large quantities of this radioactive carbon in the atmosphere.
In the 220 centimetres, the length of the third smallest Tier of the lens nucleus contained a small Excess of carbon-14 from nuclear weapons tests, it is expected at the time of his examination in 2012, his 50. Celebrated the birthday.
All of the major Grönlandhaie had in your lens core, by contrast, the normal carbon-14-quantities produced by cosmic rays in the atmosphere.
In fact, the carbon-14 clock showed a 493 centimetre long Grönlandhai an age of 335 years, during the record-breaking shark is likely to be 502 centimeters even be 392 years old.
That Grönlandhai-females can have offspring, if they are longer than four metres, was known.
Now, researchers at the length were able to assign an age.
As one of the animals with 392 centimeters probably on the threshold of sexual maturity, and his age was determined to be 156 years, Grönlandhaie with the propagation seem to be at least one and a half centuries of time.
Also for vertebrates is currently the world record.
Such Methusaleme life, especially in icy waters, is no coincidence.
The previous record holder, a 211 year-old bowhead whale, in the Speck on the neck of a 120-year-old harpoon tip was in, was caught off the coast of Alaska.
Due to the low temperatures, the organism of the animals living there on the back burner to be running frequently.
They Mature later and age slower.
In order to keep in the cold water is warm, the animals are also often very large.
Because the volume grows much faster than its surface, by which the animal heat is losing.
The heat loss from one gram of mouse is therefore much larger than a gram of elephant.
Another advantage: you have fewer enemies.
"A smaller animal is so hazardous, and should focus on, to have as early as possible as many as possible offspring," explains evolutionary biologist Scheuerlein.
A very large animal should invest its resources more in a long life.
Building plot in a double pack
With issues around the Building of the municipal Council has addressed in the recent session focus.
With relief, the panel took note of the communication from mayor Robert plaster, that "finally, the marketing of the recently designated residential areas can begin".
After the land, Parzellierungs and development questions and requests could be made on the Survey, the sale of land in the residential areas "Straßlweg" and "Schönau-West" (the area of binder road - expansion section 1), to interested parties.
The Council is convinced that the building areas to address in the rural and quiet, residential municipality of Schönau young families and active seniors alike.
As it was called, report to Bauwillige now in the city hall, on the allocation of the parcels of land the district Council will advise likely at its September meeting.
To requests for the establishment of additional businesses, associated with the creation of jobs, to be able to offspring, decided to amend the municipal Council, the first in the spring of this year, the newly created land use plan in sub-areas.
The already designated industrial area will be expanded in the area under zeitlarn two plots in the direction of state street, 2112.
Frankfurt benefits from a Brexit
The city on the Main has, therefore, in competition with Paris, Dublin and Luxembourg have the best chances, from London shifted to the jobs and companies to attract.
"It is very likely that Frankfurt will benefit the most from the Brexit vote", says Michael Voigtländer, head of the Compared to financial markets and real estate markets in the IW.
After the Brexit Referendum, it is uncertain whether financial institutions may continue to operate from London's financial transactions in the whole of the EU.
For the so-called EU passport for the marketing authorisation in the UK, enough for you so far.
The use of large US banks.
Several banks have already announced plans to relocate Jobs.
The lobby Association "Frankfurt Main Finance" predicts 10000 new jobs in the Main within five years.
For Frankfurt, the IW, speak of the seat of the European Central Bank (ECB), the responsibility for monetary policy and prudential supervision of the largest banks in the Euro zone, United, and other important authorities such as the European insurance Supervisory authority EIOPA and the Risikorats ESRB.
In Paris, the Organisation for economic co-operation and development (OECD), its headquarters have, however, this was for the financial industry is less significant than the ECB.
"The proximity to the Central Bank is important for banks, since they can communicate directly with the supervision," says IW-Professor Voigtländer.
Luxembourg beheimate a large Fund industry, cutting edge however, as well as Dublin in the infrastructure poor.
Frankfurt was reached thanks to the large airport much easier.
Furthermore, points of the city with easily available commercial real estate.
"In Paris it is not so easy to find free high-quality offices," says Voigtländer.
Of His Rents for first-class commercial property were also 50 per cent higher than at the Main.
In addition, Frankfurt offers a higher quality of life than the competition, thanks to good medical care and infrastructure, and less crime.
In a Ranking by the consulting firm Mercer, the city, on the seventh, Luxembourg on 19th place, Dublin, on square 33, and Paris, at 37. .
Even if quality of life is a question of preferences: "With its already strong Position as a financial location for the single European market Frankfurt, may attract more banks and investors," concludes the IW.
London will, however, remain in spite of Brexit vote is the most important financial centre in Europe, say the economic researchers.
The relations of forces, talk: In London, around 144,000 people worked according to the Figures of the Landesbank Helaba at the end of 2015 in the banking industry, in Frankfurt, it was 62500.
Gilead receives legal fees from the Hepatitis C patent dispute with Merck
A U.S. district court judge ruled that Gilead Sciences Inc has a claim to the reimbursement of legal incurred from the Hepatitis C litigation with the pharmaceutical company Merck & Co.Inc.
In June, Gilead, from a compensation payment in the amount of $ has been freed 200 million for infringement of two patents of Merck in connection with the Blockbuster drugs amendments classroom and Harvoni from Gilead, after a US judge for a pattern of misconduct on the part of Merck, including perjury and other unethical actions, revealed.
In the case of filing of the suit on Thursday, U.S. Magistrate Beth Labson Freeman said that Gilead has the right to the remission of costs incurred during the defense of the case.
Merck tried with Gilead, which dominates the market of a new Generation of Hepatitis C drugs that can cure over 90 percent of patients with liver disease.
The case goes back to the year 2013, Gilead, and Merck took each other Respondent and the property on the laboratory work, which Sofosbuvir underlying, the active ingredient in the medication from Gilead.
Supported by the United States troops say they've taken back full control of Manbij from the Islamic state
Supported by the United States troops have Robert in full control of the Northern town of Manbij, close to the Turkish border after the IS fighters have in the city, this left, said a spokesman for the group on Friday.
The Democratic forces of Syria (DKS) to comb through after the Exodus of the remaining group of fighters, who have buried within the city, currently the city.
You have freed 2,000 of civilians held by the fighters as hostages, informed Sharfan Darwish of the DKS allies Manbij military Council, Reuters.
"The city is now under perfect control, but we are conducting clean-up work," he told Reuters.
Clinton's deserve to 10.75 million in 2015, and figures of 34.2% in Federal taxes
Hillary Clinton has published on Friday of your tax return for 2015, this was for the presidential candidate of the Democrats and her husband, an income of USD 10,75 million and an effective Federal tax rate of 34.2%.
In 2015, the Clintons donated USD 1 Million to charity, mainly to the Clinton Foundation; former President Bill Clinton earned nearly $ 5.3 million in speech fees; the former Secretary of state gave an income of USD 3 million from publisher Simon & Schuster for her book about her tenure in the Ministry of foreign Affairs.
Clinton's candidate for the Vice-presidency, Senator Tim Kaine from Virginia, published together with his wife, Anne Holton, his tax returns for the last ten years.
They paid an effective Federal tax rate of 20.3% in the year 2015.
"Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine continue to set Standards in terms of financial transparency," announced Clinton's campaign aide Jennifer Palmieri, in an opinion.
In a stark contrast, Donald Trump hiding behind false excuses and return migrants in relation to his previous promises to publish his tax returns.
It is common for US presidential candidates to release their tax returns, although they are not obliged to by law.
Trump, a New York businessman, and his lawyers have given as a reason for its denial of a tax audit by the tax authorities.
"You are on the train," wrote Clinton campaign worker Ian Sams on Twitter, in relation to the publication of the presidential candidate of the Democrats.
On Thursday, Michael Cohen, trump's special adviser said to CNN that he would not allow Trump to publish something before the tax audits are not completed.
Trump's critics, including the Republican presidential candidate in 2012, Mitt Romney, have already said that his refusal raises questions in respect of property, and its donations to charitable organizations, his business practices, and various other Compounds, in particular with Russia.
Clinton has fallen already on the topic, and on Friday, a Video posted on the Internet, in the high level Republican Trump's call to release his tax returns.
On Thursday she spoke to the issue during a speech on the economy in Michigan.
"He refuses to do what every other presidential candidate in recent decades, and to publish his tax returns." she said to the crowd.
Politico reported that Trump paid during the 1990s, for two years, no or very little taxes, and a business journalist for the New York Times quoted on Friday a series of Steueranwältenn and tax advisors, the information, that could still be the case.
Federal taxes have become the electoral issue.
Clinton supports a scheme, which is named after billionaire Investor Warren Buffett, would ensure that people earning more than USD 1 Million with a tax rate of at least 30% of pay.
President Obama supports the proposal.
During a campaign event for Hillary Clinton in the past week in Omaha, Nebraska, Buffett, whose Berkshire Hathaway industrial conglomerate has its headquarters here, called to replace Trump a Meeting on their tax returns.
Buffett said he had also been a tax audit, the IRS subjected and Trump have a "fear" of the voters and not in front of the tax authorities.
Clinton's campaign has released tax returns going back to 2007.
The Clintons paid now in Chappaqua, New York life, the average effective Federal tax rate of approximately 32% between the years 2007 to 2014 and an effective combined tax rate of approximately 40.5% in.
The tax statement from the Clinton's of 2015 showed that this relation is only USD 100 of your income as a salary, unlike the vast majority of Americans.
Their main money system is a cost-effective index funds, from which the Clintons taxed dividends and other income of USD 109.000.
With contributions by Kevin Drawbaugh; edited by Jonathan Otis
Condoms with chilli powder, fireworks promote Tanzania elephant protection
Conservationists in Tanzania are using an unorthodox way to make the elephant stop to go to human inhabited settlements - they throw condoms at you, filled with chili powder.
The method has proven to be effective and the honey guide Foundation, which had already, years ago, the idea has intensified with the US-protection of nature, your promotion by trained Volunteers in villages in the North of Tanzania, to use a four-step method for the protection of their homes and harvest without harming the animals.
Previously, many spears used to defend yourself.
Friday the world is elefantentag, which is dedicated to the protection of animals.
"Since then, we have the ... developed Toolkit, we were able to observe within these municipalities, a Change in your attitude, where you are much more confident that you can stop the elephants from their fields without harming the elephants," said the CEO of honey guide, Damian Bell in a message.
The first two steps include the Lighting of the elephant with a torch, and the blowing of a Horn.
If he is not quenched, it will throw a so-called "cloud of Chili".
Chili powder mixed with soil is Packed together with a fireworks in a condom, the end of which is screwed to the fuse.
When it is fired, bursting the condom with a Bang and sprays a fine dust of chili powder in the air.
A hint of right in the rule is already out, to chase away the elephants.
A last possibility is a launcher, which shoots a gold rain fireworks in the air, and a loud, bright Explosion caused.
The city Council, acting unanimously, decides: there is No kiosk to a new building on the St. Goar Rhine river
Normally, the St. to take Goar investment projects of the trader with kiss hand - is just the retail in the urban core as much room for improvement.
The application for the construction of a new sales kiosk on the banks of the Rhine in the immediate vicinity of the in the construction of the Rhine balconies, the city Council rejected now, however, unanimous.
"In principle, we welcome new traders, but at this location, in a prominent location on the banks of the Rhine, this Kiosk does not fit," said Michael Hubrath for the CDU group.
Jewish Director smashes Berlin Hotel, because of the Israeli code has been removed for "Arab" request - RT News
A French Director with Jewish roots, unleashed an uproar a Media, after he had betrayed, the Kempinski Bristol Hotel in Berlin has listed no Israeli area code, because it would have required Arab guests, according to an employee.
Claude Lanzmann, author of the Holocaust documentary "Shoah," let his Anger at the Kempinski Bristol Hotel in Berlin, he wrote an open letter to the German newspaper FAZ.
During his last stay Lanzmann Israel tried to find the country code list of the Hotels.
The country, however, was not listed between the countries, which can be directly from the hotel room called.
How is it in the year 2016 in Berlin, the capital of the new Germany, it is possible that Israel was eliminated and deleted?
Lanzmann wrote.
Instead, the Kempinski Bristol offers an opportunity to Israel on a private Call Center to dial.
According to a statement seeking the Director turned to the hotel Desk.
The response he received there, "shocked," as Lanzmann wrote.
The hotel staff said that the measure was a "deliberate decision of the management of the Kempinski Hotels."
The reason behind this, was in the Director even more anger.
"The majority of our guests are Arabs and they demanded that the area code is deleted," quoted the clerk of Lanzmann.
The Israeli Ambassador in Germany Yakov Hadas-Handelsman, called it a "great shame", reports the Süddeutsche Zeitung.
We were horrified by this event and dismayed.
This is really very shameful.
The fact that this has to wear in Germany in this hotel chain, is even more of a shame.
No need to explain.
We expect that the Hotel "will draw the right conclusions," said the officials.
The incident triggered a pretty big response on the Internet, where people called it a scandal.
Some imputed the Kempinski Hotel, that it would have yielded to the alleged calls by Arab guests"".
"Shame on you," it said in another post, in which it was pointed out that the Hotel, which is located on the posh Kurfürstendamm, in the vicinity of a synagogue.
The Hotel pointed quickly all the allegations and called the incident a "Mistake" and "apologized" for Lanzmann, reports The mirror.
"There was never a direct statement," Israel is not in the speed dial list," quoted the Süddeutsche Zeitung, a spokesman for the Kempinski Hotels.
It adds that the country code has now been added.
Police uses tear gas & rubber bullets against protesters and Brazilian students
Students clashed on Thursday in the Brazilian city of Sao Paulo with the police, as they gathered to demonstrate against the reforms of the government for the public education system.
The police used tear gas and rubber bullets against the demonstrators.
The difficulties began, as a police officer, the students tried to disperse, which led to the police rubber bullets and tear gas started.
Several hundred students took part in the demonstrations, to their dismay about the plans to Express.
According to the proposals of the Governor of the state of Sao Paulo, Geraldo Alckmin, to be something less than 100 public schools, while 300,000 students will be implemented, in order to save money.
Some of the protest participants saw Graffitits against the provisional President Michel Temer to the walls of spray.
The latest protests occurred a few days after protesters went in masses to the streets to support the suspended President Dilma Rousseff, who had been removed from office by a vote of the Senate to their dismissal from office.
Trade between Russia & Iran suddenly increases to 71% - RT Business
With the lifting of sanctions, Levan Dzhagaryan, the trade turnover between Moscow and Tehran in the year increased, according to the Russian Ambassador in Iran, to 70.9 per cent.
Since the international sanctions were lifted against Iran, increased the interest on the part of Russian companies on transactions in the country, informed the Ambassador.
Russian companies to take existing Connections with Iran, while new companies are ready to gain access to the market.
Of course, the further commercial expansion one of the biggest priorities of the bilateral cooperation with Iran," said Dzhagaryan.
He noted that the trade turnover between Russia and Iran in the first five months of the year 2016 by 70.9 per cent compared to the same period in the year 2015, increase and amounted to $ 856 million.
In particular, the Russian imports increased in Iran to 91.5 percent by leaps and bounds and amounted to $ 697 million.
Russian imports from Iran rose by 16 percent to $ 158 million.
The trade recovery was achieved by deliveries of machinery, land vehicles, and weapons," the Ambassador said.
Dzhagaryan for this year by a record number of Iranian tourists in Russia.
Last year, the Russian representation abroad was about 35,000 Visas in the first place Reisevisas to Iranian citizens.
Furthermore, Iran is ranked in the Top 20 countries in terms of the number of Tourists in Russia.
You could say that the record numbers of Iranian tourists in Russia last year, will be broken, " he said.
At the same time, relatively few Russians visit Iran, something that the Ambassador hopes that it will change.
"Personally, I can recommend the visit to the cities of Isfahan, Shiraz and Yazd, the monuments of the ancient Persian civilization in a good condition," he said.
Witnesses sought: beverage market in Waldbröl invaded
A robbery was committed on Thursday night to the beverage market Rewe-XXL at the Waldbröler Gerber road.
Under the lead of a gun, three dark-dressed people, who had masked their faces called, of the employees of the beverage market, the issuance of cash and fled then, first walking and then probably with a silver coloured VW Golf.
How much money was stolen, notify the police.
The perpetrators should be between 1.60 and 1.70 meters tall, relatively small.
The beverage market is directly from the Parking deck of the Rewe-market accessible and poorly visible.
The perpetrators must run after the Robbery in the direction of Gerber road, Friedrich-Engelbert-way and opposite the entrance to the car Park to the nearby gravel Parking lot with the silver car fled the scene, possibly in the direction of B 256 (schladern ring).
Who did at the time (at 19.45 hours), and observations in connection with the robbery, to report urgently to the police.
Nagold: game and fun at summer leisure
Eight beautiful and happy days the children and young people in the socio-educational Day care/social group work of the children's rights Alliance Nagold with their supervisors on their summer leisure in the village of Nussdorf spent in the vicinity of Mühlacker.
In the quiet recreational home Hardtwäldle the joyful group was billeted during the first school week of the holidays.
Several all-day trips were on the program.
For one, it went to Bretten by visiting the petting zoo.
On the other, to Maulbronn, where there was in the world famous monastery for a special children's tour.
The third trip to Pforzheim.
In the Celtic Museum in Hochdorf, the group learned much about the everyday life and the food of the Celts.
On hot days, the group had a great time at the Tiefensee in Maulbronn, which is for Jumping, Swimming and splashing invited.
Culinary children and caregivers were dining with their self-prepared body as the Acidic spaetzle, the Seebronner Pfännle, Iselshauser-Bloff, the English Breakfast and the tübingen Bolognese spoiled.
In the Workshops, it was tie-dyed, beautiful pieces of jewelry made of beads and stones create or made of wood of a Roman mill-game made.
Other highlights of the recreational fishing in a nearby pond, the evenings by the fire, and the final "Colorful evening".
On the day of the journey home, the sun was shining and the children and young people returned happy home.
Haigerloch: pilgrimage to the gate of mercy
The acolytes of the pastoral unit of the eyach valley-Haigerloch St. Anna were traveling on a four-day pilgrimage from Villingen and Freiburg.
Together, the four stages have been mastered.
To bridge the time until the next ' Roman pilgrimage of altar servers in probably two years, has determined the upper acolytes lap of St. Anna for the preparation and implementation of a multi-day pilgrimage.
Various pilgrimage destinations was examined and it was decided finally, for the Bishop of the city of Freiburg, where this year, on the occasion of the Holy year of mercy with the open gate of mercy, at the Freiburg Münster, a special pilgrimage was offered.
16 Minis from Bittelbronn, Gruol, Haigerloch and Holy rooms were on the way.
The night before, sent priest from Storost the pilgrims in a small Ceremony at St. Anna, blessed the pilgrims, crosses, and gave the pilgrim blessing.
Horb was driven by rail to the starting point of Villingen, where a Cathedral of Our Dear lady, and so the pilgrimage route from the Cathedral, was begun.
The individual tours were in the morning and in the evening by a short pulse with different Prayers, songs, and Scripture texts framed.
But also on the way the Minis to field crosses, chapels or churches were singing again and again, locking together a song specially the sectional pilgrims song book.
For the accommodation of the parish homes of the local parishes were available.
The milestones Alexandra Burkhardt and Heidi Faller made for a tasty as well as relaxing dinner and Breakfast.
We went on the second day of Furtwangen to Gütenbach.
The next day we took the stage to St. Peter, which was the anstrengenste distance, but had descended in the humid heat first approximately 500 meters of altitude and then climb up.
The deserved reward was in the evening had a barbeque at the Badweiher.
After the morning pulse on the fourth Pilgertag in the imposing monastery Church of St. Peter, it went to the final stage to Freiburg.
Visibly relieved, and happy, the Minis arrived later in the afternoon, at the Freiburger Münster and through the gate of mercy.
With a small impulse was to thank God.
In the evening mass in the Cathedral at the pilgrimage destination, arrived Minis of cooperator Markus Obert were welcomed.
After the mass the pilgrims were able to visit the sacristy and the high altar.
The next day was time for the Breisgau metropolis.
In the afternoon we went by train back to Horb.
At the end all participants agreed that the days of spirituality and a strong community experience.
Scot Callum Skinner rushes home, Brite Gold for Cycling wins
Scotland's Callum Skinner raced last night in the men's team Sprint at the velodrome in Rio to fame, as the British Team defended the title of London 2012.
The 23-Year-old from Glasgow took up the anchor role, which had made his country man Sir Chris Hoy. The youngster made the legend proud as he stormed home for a victory of the favourites new Zealand in the us.
England claimed four years ago, a shocking victory, while the Hoy took the fifth of six Olympic gold medals.
They repeated the Trick, after you picked up in March at the world track Championships in London despite the resignation of Hoys only a modest sixth place.
The Problem is between Beijing and London, the replacement of the Anfahrers Jamie Staff was.
They did this in a timely manner as Hindes appeared.
Hoys retirement created a gap, Kian Emadi and Matt Crampton were trying to close.
Skinner was the man, they remained, as they saw potential in the Scotsman, which has now developed.
Hindes, Kenny - the won four years ago, with Hoy and Skinner sat in the qualifying rounds, an Olympic record, but in the standard rounds were won by the new Zealanders in the first round.
And the British Trio won the duel with Gold.
Hindes fell after his round, tight, but Kenny brought the Team to the front, and Skinner thought it was.
A change of strategy was a big part of the Transformation, in the Hindes in a higher gear drove to slow it down and allow it Kenny, and especially Skinner to keep the pace.
Hoy looked out of his Position as a BBC expert, and it occurred to Skinner, Kenny and Hindes, as these rose to the podium.
The 23-year-old Skinner, from Glasgow, said: "It is a flattering is the comparison."
I'm just here to do my Best and to make a name for myself.
We have placed in the final round, an Olympic record and the world champion defeated.
It was just incredible.
There is no better way to win this.
After the Triumph of 2012 on the side of Kenny's and Hoys Hindes admitted that he fell after a weak Start on purpose on the train.
He withdrew this statement later, and there is no right of appeal of England's rivals came.
In a stunning victory this Time there was no such Problem.
Hindes said: "It feels with all the GB flags on the grandstand as London."
We came together in the last three months as a Team.
We have titles with so many of the World's so bad, that it was incredible to win again at the Olympics.
This is an event, a gold medal for the Nation which won seven of 10 titles in both Beijing and in London.
If this is a Barometer of our progress in the last five months that await us successful five days in the velodrome.
With the Form of Kenny's, it is Possible that he medals Hoys win three Olympic gold in a competition repeatedly.
This would be for Kenny - exactly 12 years younger than Hoy, also on 23. March, was born (apparently a sacred date for the British sports; on the day, Steve Redgrave, Mo Farah and Roger were born Bannister) - a yield of six gold medals and one silver medal mean.
It would be the same of Hoy.
Kenny takes the next Sprint, which starts today, and in three days will go.
The 28-year-old from Bolton said: "I'm enjoying this just for the Moment."
The Team event is always best.
You can win it with his colleagues.
It feels a bit lonely, to win alone.
Hindes said: "If he wins two more gold medals, he should be knighted."
It was the only medal competition of the day, but there was more good news for England.
Sir Bradly Wiggins, Ed Clancy, Steven Burke and Owain Doull qualified with the fastest performance in the four-man, Four-kilometre race.
They arrived in 3:51,942 on the target.
The world record, won the 2012 Gold in London was at 3:51,659.
The first and final round (22.42) take place today on the second day of the Wettbewers, in the case of the Wiggins with a focus on safety and security.
He had a fight yesterday with the representatives of the qualification, as officials called for, to measure his body size.
In the corresponding Women's event, which continues tomorrow and finishes, advanced Laura Trott, Joanna Rowsell Shand, Elinor Barker and Katie Archibald of Milngavie in world-record time in 4:13,260.
The GB Team relies on its strong track Cycling team to dominate the middle period of the Olympic games and to pick up a bevy of medals.
After a truly exceptional display of absolute dominance in Beijing and London, the expectations for Rio have been shut down.
It is drama being played in the Background, the resignation of the technical Director Shane Sutton in April, in the midst of sexism and bullying allegations, as well as the retirement of greats such as Hoy and Victoria Pendleton.
If you look at the first night of competition at the velodrome, it looks as if the now legendary reputation of GBs, the has reached the perfect Moment of his climax could be repeated again.
The future of the Smelter at Portland due to cancellation of the power contract is questionable
The future of the aluminum melt of Portland in Victoria - as well as the hundreds of jobs from workers - are at stake, as the plant operator to supply the energy contract terminate, and all supply contracts will pick up, as the supplying energy company announced.
This step followed the decision of the government in Victoria at the beginning of this year, to be awarded any further subsidies to the operation of the plant.
A 20-year subsidy runs out in November.
Up to 2000 jobs in the plant of Alcoa in Portland.
Not less than 2000 jobs -direct and indirect - could be at risk in the case of a closure.
In addition, there could be Domino effects, since the Smelter consumes around 10 percent of the total electricity generation in Victoria.
In 2014, Alcoa completed the Point Henry Smelter, and what led last year to a closure of the Anglesea power plant.
The Smelter of Alcoa in Portland is losing money and the risk of a closure.
This step follows the year-long speculation regarding the future of the plant, originally as a result of the strong Australian dollar and, most recently, due to the price of Electricity for the plant.
AGL, the large aluminium smelter supplied with its Loy Yang A power station in the Latrobe Valley, announced that it expects three more owners will cancel their contracts.
The facility is located in the majority ownership of a Joint Venture of Alcoa and Alumina, of which the Chinese company CITIC and Japan's Marubeni Corp to hold smaller shares.
"AGL anticipates that the facility in Portland will continue to be operated, which means a further physical demand for electricity by the Smelter," the company said.
AGL said that the contracts were so-called "hedging transactions" that should occur would be November 2016.
The contracts have a 12-month notice period, so you will end in 2017.
"Therefore, AGL assumes that the contracts in the financial year 17 will contribute to the revenue," said the electricity supplier.
All of the potential impact on revenue to AGL from the GJ 18 are currently limited by the predictions of the strong futures markets for wholesale electricity prices.
AGL announced that it had written down the value of the contracts already in its Annual financial statements in the amount of $ 187 Million in "anticipation of termination".
Alcoa said that the decision to derecognise contracts to ensure the"ability to Alcoa's... to operate the Smelter or the power supply to the Smelter" affect.
The U.S. company said that it had completed in 2010, a 20-year contract with Loy Yang, which should occur by November of this year would be in force, even if it is still a Declaration is guilty of, why it has withdrawn from the contract.
Analysts warn due to the bad economic condition of the industry prior to the possible closure of the Portland Smelter in Victoria and the Tomago plant near Newcastle.
In reference to the statements of the analysts in the beginning of the week the Head of Operations, Stephen Mikkelsen, said that Portland annually consume around 600 MW, and Tomago, around 900 megawatts of electricity.
Both systems should disappear from the market, it would mean a significant reduction in the demand on the [electricity market].
And for us as a producer of electricity that would not be good," he said.
More than just a Kardashian Reality TV Star, Kendall is on the Cover of the September issue of Vogue
Kendall Jenner, 20, Model, and fourth daughter of the Manager and the mother of the Kardashian-Jenner clan, Kris is on the Cover of the coveted September issue of US Vogue.
Kendall, who is the brand Ambassador of Estee Lauder and the Fashion Weeks in Milan, Paris and New York delivery, announced on Thursday the news on her Instagram account.
"In a room full of people I love, brought me the sight of this cover to the wines," wrote Kendall.
The unveiling of the cover is a bizarre (or simply Keeping Up with the Kardashians similar followed?), geskriptetes Reality Video that shows the entire Kardashian-Jenner family (with the exception of the problem cases Rob and Caitlyn, as well as in the presence of the ever-popular Showbiz uncle and producers of Keeping Up with Ryan Seacrest), as you forget the Cover of your sister, and ends with a classic twist: you have all planned a surprise party.
The cliché-Laden plot represents almost every birthday episode of a children's show (Seacrest brought the sentence, "You thought we had forgotten You?," with the honesty of a cartoon rabbit on a broadcasting course at 8 in the morning), but Kris had to leave your other girl somehow this Publicity to participate.
With regard to the September issue of Vogue has begun a new Era of Kardashians.
Kendall's big sister Kim likes you, what to hit the Vogue Cover, (she and her husband Kanye West were seen out in April of 2014), but the Cover of the September issue of the magazine is in a League of.
The September issue is Vogue the best-selling issue of the year.
With a scope, the magazine resembles more of an image band as a fashion, advertising attracts a large number of advertisers (According to Fashionista 615 pages were from the 832 pages of the Tome advertising).
The unveiling of the cover stars is so highly anticipated, that in the last two years, the pictures in the magazine even before the official announcement leaked.
Women who were already on the Cover, include Naomi Campbell, Linda Evangelista and Kate Moss.
In recent years, the modeling were clearly more "celebrities," as "Models who are celebrities" on the Cover.
Oscar-winner and Dior brand Ambassador Jennifer Lawrence 2013 was on the Cover, a year after Lady Gaga had the honor.
But even in the small Chance that MS Jenner - is described by the magazine as the "breakthrough model" of their Generation falls under the former category, it is in good company.
These celebrities are not related to famous people or Reality Stars or young people of today who know how to make a good Snapchat Video (even if it all applies to Jenner).
You are really talented women who Excel in the entertainment industry.
Beyonce, who appeared on the last Cover, with the release of Lemonade is one of the most successful years of her career.
Of course, Jenner's success does not appeal to everyone.
With your Reality TV history Jenners was tense position in the world of fashion.
In June, the former Victoria's Secret model Stephanie Seymour Jenner and her colleague Gigi Hadid criticized and called them "the Bitches of the moment."
These feelings boiled up again, as the message with the publication of Jenner came out on the Vogue Cover.
But on the displeasure dwelling seems to be on point.
Kendall Jenner is on the Cover of the September issue of Vogue.
It is in the truest sense of the word, a Supermodel.
It runs for Marc Jacobs.
She makes advertising for your primer from Estee Lauder.
You and all your sisters will sell you pictures of your respective Paywall Apps.
She sells her homemade pictures of Cindy Crawford's daughter at the magazine LOVE.
And in her spare time, she is to be seen in Reality TV. Probably only to see her sister Kourtney and their children.
Community legal centres have a year to 160,000 people
More than 160,000 of the auxiliary too much noise around though most of the country are annually rejected by the community law centres, while the industry makes to the impact of further cuts in funding to already overburdened transactions made.
In Queensland three out of five people already - mostly the elderly, the immigrants, the needy workers, victims of violence and those who do not have the funds for unjust Delogierungen and the like - at your Request for free legal advice and legal assistance rejected.
Legal services of the municipality, which are already utilized overly, ready for further cuts.
Starting in June of next year, it is envisaged that these law centres will lose a further 30 percent of their Federal funds.
The Director of the community law centres of Queesland James Farrell said that the latest survey of the National Association of community legal centres indicated that already thousands of people are rejected each year.
Farrell said that the Situation in the absence of a repeal of the decision of the Federal government would only be worse.
"Queensland's community legal centres are chronically under-funded, which means that thousands of people of vital services, they need to be dismissed," he said.
People leaving violent relationships, people with unmanageable and crippling debt, families who go through separations, workers unfairly dismissed - all of these people have problems of a legal nature, and this collection shows that you can't get the help they need.
The Federal government will be cut starting in June 2017, the middle 30 percent, which means that thousands of hilsbedürftigeren people from Queensland will be forced, with their legal problems without any assistance.
We call on the attorney General and the Federal Minister of justice, as well as senators from Queensland George Brandis, these funding cuts should be repealed immediately, so that the people can get the help they need with legal problems.
Last year, the provincial government fulfilled its commitment of funds for legal assistance to the national average increase.
Now is the time, the needs of the community legal centres and their clients to view municipalities as well as the government Palaszczuk invested in this important work.
Donald Trump election campaign indicted after allegedly gun pulled
New York: Donald trump's campaign has been indicted for alleged inaction after she was informed that her campaign Manager for North Carolina, in February, I directed a gun on an employee while they were in February in a Jeep on the road.
The incident is described in an indictment that was filed on Wednesday in the district court of Charlotte by Vincent Bordini, a former software programmer for the campaign in this state.
Bordini was to have for months maintained that the matter would be dealt with before he realized that " this would not happen."
The campaign Manager, Earl Philip, " pulled out a gun, put his right index finger on the trigger, and rammed the barrel into Vincent's knee," said Bordini in his charge.
After he had complained to the local and regional campaign management, Bordini, that already at least four other people had the same experience with Phillip, he was in the indictment.
"Weapons need not be fired to cause harm," said Bordini.
The indictment comes just two days after the Republican presidential candidate caused an uproar when he told a crowd in North Carolina that the "Second Amendment folks" shot gun owners and Weapons enthusiasts - measures should take, if his rival Hillary Clinton to be elected, and the judge should appoint.
Trump's campaign clarified that the media had taken his words out of context and that he would not incite violence.
Bordinis complaint demanded damages from the campaign for the violation of the duty of care and of Philip, because of physical injury and lasting psychological damage.
Trump's spokeswoman Hope Hicks could not be reached for comment.
Attempts to contact Philip to fail as well.
WCCB, a local news channel in Charlotte, reports that Phillip is no longer employee of the campaign.
On calls for his consulting business, Innovative Consulting Services, was not responding.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has so far led a controversial campaign.
The procedure is Bordini v. Donald J. Trump For President, Inc., 16-CS-14300, Supreme court, County of Mecklenburg (Charlotte).
Berlin/Schwerin: survey countries-elections: SPD and the CDU lose
In the forthcoming elections in the Federal States of Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania (4. September) and Berlin (18. September) are significant losses for the government parties SPD and CDU.
This is the result of representative surveys conducted by the opinion research Institute INSA for the "image"newspaper (Friday).
While the red-black government could govern in coalition in the North just now, that is according to the survey values in Berlin is not possible.
In both länder, the SPD is the strongest party and would have a good chance to continue to be the head of government.
In Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania, the SPD fell from 35.6 per cent five years ago to 24 per cent.
The party was thus, according to the survey, just prior to the CDU, which could come back to 23 percent.
The third place is between the Left and the AfD controversial.
The Left came to 19 percent (previously 18.4 percent), the AfD would be represented with 19 per cent for the first time in the Parliament.
The Greens were in spite of a slight loss of 6% (previously 8.7%) in the Schwerin state Parliament.
NPD and FDP would not be represented, each with 3 percent in the Parliament.
In the case of the Berlin house of representatives election, the SPD would, according to the survey, only 23 percent (election 2011: 28.3 percent).
The CDU only achieved 18 percent to 23.4 percent.
She was still in the back of the Green with 19 per cent (2011: 17.6 per cent), but ahead of the Left with 15 percent (down from 11.7 percent).
The AfD would be represented with 14 per cent for the first time in the house of representatives.
With 5 percent, the FDP could hope for a return, the pirates would miss, however, in contrast to 2011.
Nokia 9000 Communicator The first Smartphone
E-Mail and the Internet in slow motion: 20 years Ago, the Nokia Communicator, came on the market.
The successor to today dominate the world - will be the manufacturer experienced a Disaster.
The device weighed almost half a kilogram and was more than four times as heavy as an iPhone 5.
It was thicker and bigger, it was therefore also not good in the Hand.
On the contrary, it was pretty clunky.
The built-in memory was initially eight megabytes, which today would be enough for about two Selfies with high resolution.
A iPhone is now being shipped with at least 16 gigabytes.
The "Nokia 9000 Communicator" came out exactly 20 years ago, on 15. August 1996, in the shops and it was the first Smartphone.
For a few euros lovers can buy the devices on the Internet, but they come somehow from the stone age to the Internet age.
20 years ago, however, the Communicator was a Sensation.
The Finnish mobile phone manufacturer had announced the product a couple of months ago on the Cebit computer fair in Hanover as the "office in the pocket".
In fact, the new mobile phone could be able to sent the Standards at that time a lot of SMS and E-Mails and received, by Fax, the Communicator was.
Even access to web pages using a HTML-Browser is possible, if painfully slow.
A calculator was available, a digital address book and electronic calendar.
There was a small antenna, and the phone was like a Laptop to be expanded.
Then a small keyboard and a Black-and-White screen found.
Pretty proud of the price: 2700 D-Mark, so about 1400 Euro.
The average selling price of a smartphone in Germany in 2015 for 392 euros.
No one could have guessed in August 1996, that the Communicator of the beginning of the Smartphone would be Era.
Since then, everything is different.
The smart phones a success story, if not for Nokia.
The mobile phone division of the Finns experienced an unprecedented Disaster, and was eventually sold to Microsoft and settled.
The market provider, it all came out much later than Nokia dominate today.
Always and everywhere to be online today for very many people everyday.
2015 globally, there were nearly two billion Smartphone users.
Sold about 1.4 billion devices, on Samsung and Apple 555 million pieces of which attributable to alone.
The global sales of the devices is around 400 billion euros.
The good current business of the numerous App providers and telecommunications companies.
Around the Smartphone, there is now a whole industry.
The decisive breakthrough to the mass market came in early 2007, then Apple CEO Steve Jobs announced at Mac World, the introduction of the iPhone.
He promised three devices in one: a music player, a phone and an Internet Communicator, all by Touch screen, easily.
The success of Apple began, and yet today, the iPhone is the main product of the group.
Nokia, Motorola and Blackberry, which dominated the market, had the Look.
Eventually they disappeared, Blackberry has to fight.
Say now have Apple and Asian suppliers such as Samsung.
The Smartphone is 20 years after its invention as a matter of course.
On average, every German looks today, in the meantime, 88 Times of the day on his cell phone.
"We all have to learn, the Smartphone is also time to put down", said Janina ball, in the Siemens Executive Board responsibility for human resources.
Permanent accessibility is now regarded as a curse and a blessing at the same time.
England must draw the Olympic spirit and Heathrow expand
Heathrow is not only in our local communities and in the whole of London, but in the entire country, renewal and prosperity.
For me, that was the biggest attraction of Heathrow, just as they did in 2012 in London, when we operated a great deal of effort to ensure that all of our Nations and regions from the Games benefited.
The Olympics brought great benefits for Stratford and the East End.
And again, by creating for Locals and businesses in the vicinity of Heathrow to new possibilities.
For our local communities, we are alone, 10,000 new teachers, 40,000 new jobs and the youth prepare for unemployment in the airport environment.
As they were ahead of us in London 2012, there will be those who think that the challenge of the expansion of Heathrow is too big.
I was told that England will never be the same for the games and that we will embarrass ourselves on the world stage.
The doubters had 2012 wrong, and you will also be at Heathrow is wrong.
There are always obstacles to Overcome, but Heathrow answered every question.
As the Olympic games, Heathrow is for many and not for a single infrastructure project.
Extension is a possibility to create up to 180,000 new jobs, £211 billion of economic growth and to leave a legacy of skills and employment in both the airport as well as in the whole of GB.
We have a great Team at Heathrow has implemented a £11 billion in expensive infrastructure investment program in time and Budget, the T5 - five years in a row for the world's best airport terminal has been selected, up to the T2, which was built in the middle of the two busiest runways in the world.
Now you are ready to deliver a third runway, which is supported by £16 billion of private investment.
The London games of 2012 were a great success for GB and I am confident that the expansion of Heathrow will also be a.
It is time that we steer this Olympic spirit and Heathrow to expand, as well as our future trade secure and a legacy of skills and employment created on the England can be proud of.
Lord Paul Deighton is the Chairman of the Heathrow Board and former Commercial Secretary to the Treasury
Adblock Plus, Facebook, in the "cat-and-mouse game" with respect to ad blocking
For companies with online advertising and money-making Attempts, according to the software manufacturer blocking to avoid a "cat - and-mouse game".
On Thursday, just two days after Facebook announced that it would block ad blocking on its desktop page, published in Adblock Plus to a blog post in which it announced that users could update their filters to block re-advertising in the social network.
On Tuesday, Facebook announced that its Desktop site would change the encoding with respect to its ads, it detect ad blocking to complicate the detection of which part of the page is advertising.
But Adblock has announced that there will be a new way found to circumvent the new Codes.
In a blog post of the speaker of Adblock's Ben Williams wrote that "this kind of back-and-Forth battle between the ad-blocking Open Source Community and the Umgehern is already since the invention of the display blockierern in progress," and that it is possible that Facebook is coming soon with a new solution.
The fact that it has admitted the world's largest companies for social media in the fight, is a strong indication of how worrying ad-blocker for the industry.
Worldwide use according to a study from last year of a page in a fair and Adobe around 200 million people have ad-blocker; almost four times as much in 2013.
With 1.03 billion daily active users accessing Facebook through their mobile devices, mobile advertising, 84 percent of advertising revenues Facebook.
The company has targeted at the ad-blocker on Desktop PCs, since mobile ad blockers have no effect on Facebooks mobile App for the social network and Instagram, said a spokesman.
Advertising on a Desktop PC makes up a large enough share of the revenue, so Facebook appears to be the investment of such a step as rewarding.
On Tuesday Facebook announced that it would update the "display preferences tool", in order to have the people more control over to you specific advertising.
On Thursday, Facebook claimed that Adblocks new Filter concern would be worrying, because they would also block content on the page, no advertising.
"For the users, this is not a positive experience, therefore, we plan to address the issue," said a spokesman for Facebook in an E-Mail message.
Ad blockers are a blunt means, which is why we have us, instead, to developer tools like Ad Preferences to be concentrated in order to place more control in the hands of the people.
Woman in suspected suicide on Swiss motorway run over
The victim was in the middle of the night on the highway.
The police calls for witnesses after a woman in the early hours of the morning on Thursday in a suspected suicide of several vehicles was hit on a highway.
The incident occurred on the A1 in the vicinity of Morges in the Canton of Vaud, shortly after midnight.
A woman lay in the Dark, "in an act of desperation" on the road and were hit by several cars, said police in Vaud.
It is obvious that wanted to kill a Swiss citizen at the age of 49 years, was run over by several vehicles, including a truck, even.
She died on the spot.
Several drivers have already been heard, but some are still not been identified, police said, prompting this as well as any witnesses to the incident to report.
It is an investigative procedure was initiated, what is a "logical" step in such a Situation, informed Gilles Hofstetter, Le Tribune de Geneve.
However, it remains to be seen whether one of the drivers will be displayed.
A collision was avoidable?
This is something that needs to decide the state's attorney," said Hofstetter.
Two similar cases in the past five years show that drivers are not held responsible.
In each of the two cases - in which a Person ran in the Dark on the motorway, it was decided that the drivers must not assume that a pedestrian running in the middle of the night on the highway, as it was called in the newspaper.
Last year, a police officer of the negligent killing was acquitted, after she had run over a man and killed that was in August 2014, a night on the A1 in the vicinity of Payerne.
The 22-year-old victim had been drinking and become on the road unconscious, heard the court.
The court noted that the police officer said -- the had fleet responded to a distress call -- a justified manner and that the presence of a man on the street "a totally extraordinary and unforeseeable Situation," the judge.
Anyone who has further information about the incident on Thursday in the vicinity of Morges, should contact the police on 021 644 83 46 or 021 644 44 44.
NASA climate model: Venus was once habitable
Venus was according to the projections of a new NASA climate model likely once habitable.
Scientists at the Goddard Institute for Space Studies, NASA developed a model to discover the past of Venus, on the basis of Tools and Algorithms that are similar to those of Climate scientists.
The model was designed to determine whether Venus could have shown with your hot, waterless surface, and CO2-dense atmosphere of a once earth-like conditions.
Scientists have previously suggested that the slow Rotation of Venus could be explained by its dense atmosphere.
But the latest Simulation suggests that Venus might have had a thin atmosphere similar to earth's, and still slowly turned.
The model also highlighted the topography of the early history of Venus.
The Planet was probably more dry areas than de earth, but once had enough water, and geographic variability, to accommodate life and faster evaporation protected.
The early Venus also benefited from a sun that was 30 percent matter.
"In the GISS model simulation Expo the slow Rotation of Venus returned to your day side of the sun for almost two months," said GISS scientists Anthony Del Genio, in a press release.
This heats the surface and produces the rain which creates a thick layer of clouds that acts as a rain screen, the surface shield of a majority of the sun's heat.
The result of average temperatures a few degrees cooler than that of earth today.
The model produced a history of the Venus, which is similar to the Evolution, which was previously suspected by planetary researchers.
Although it was probably habitable, was exposed to the Venus -- in the course of several billion years --too much heat and ultra-violet light.
Its oceans evaporated and its water vapor was burned away from the ultra-violet light.
As their Hydrogen escaped, only a thick atmosphere of carbon dioxide was a deadly greenhouse effect -- the Venus, the know how, we are today.
The researchers, the results of your new Venus climate model, announced in Geophysical Research Letters.
Patrick Roy resigns as coach of the Avalanche
Patrick Roy stepped back on Thursday as coach and Vice President Of Hockey Operations of the Colorado Avalanche and led to a low participation in the decision-making process of the team.
Alternatively, President/General Manager of the Colorado's Joe Sakic upheld this decision and noted that the Association is immediately looking for a new coach.
"In the last three years, I have fulfilled my duties as head coach and Vice President Of Hockey Operations for the Colorado Avalanche with energy, passion and determination," said the 50-year-old Roy in a statement.
I've been thinking over the summer a long time, and a lot about how I could improve this Team, to give it more depth needed and to bring it to a higher level.
To achieve this, it must be aligned with the Vision of the Coach and Vice President Of Hockey Operations perfectly on the of the organization.
He must also have a say in the decisions that affect the performance of the team.
These conditions are currently not met.
Sakic, Roy, on 23. May was hired in 2013, and thanked him for his contributions to the Team.
"Patrick has informed me today about this decision," said Sakic.
We all appreciate what he has done for our organization and wish him well for the future only the Best.
Roy was awarded during his debut season in Avalanches in 2013-14, as the winner of the Jack Adams award as the best coach in the League.
He led the club to 112 points and in first place in the Central Vision, but Colorado was beaten in the first round of the Playoffs by Minnesota and missed in each of the last two years of the post-season.
The Avalanches recorded in the season 2015-16, a 39-39-4 brand, and fell behind the Wild for the second wild card Spot in the Western Conference, five points back.
As a Hall of Fame goalie, Roy won four Stanley Cups -- two with the Montreal Canadiens and the Avalanche.
Nordesee oil workers resume talks, strike
The labour disputes in respect of compensation for North sea oil workers are exposed to, while all parties to the dispute for a new round of talks put on the table, said negotiators.
Strikes against the oilfield services provider Wood Group have been sporadically carried out on platforms in the North sea, operated by Royal Dutch Shell.
"Wood Group, as well as the Unite and RMT trade unions can confirm that we have agreed to start the settlement process of the current dispute," - said in a joint statement.
We will hold several full-day meetings in the next few weeks, which will start early next year, the issues new address.
The unions said that their last strike, the first in over 25 years, was a Protest against possible pay cuts of up to 30 percent.
Wood Group has reduced this year the Rates on its contractors in the North sea by around 9% due to negative market pressure.
The rates of reduction of the company follows a 10% decrease for Onshore contractors in the year 2014.
The company said that additional cuts will give the company the needed space to get through the market downturn.
Shell has dismissed for his part thousands of people and announced plans of its Oil and gas business activities in up to 10 countries to abandon, as it streamlines its business activities as a result of its mega-merger with the British energy company BG Group.
Energy companies are due to lower crude oil prices under pressure, in an economic Situation that was reinforced by the decision of the British in June, to leave the European Union.
The Scottish member of Parliament Dave Anderson met earlier this week with labor leaders to discuss one of the largest labor disputes, which took place for a Generation in the North sea.
The North sea is to the regional economy is important, he said.
"In the North sea and across the country, we need an economy that works for the many and not just for the few," he said in a statement.
2016 will be less than $ 1.4 billion in expenditure for new projects in the North sea, compared to an average of around $ 7 billion in the last five years.
Kepler rotation measures the rate of stars in the Star cluster of the Pleiades
The latest Mission-the Kepler space telescope has helped astronomers the most complete catalog of rotation rates to collect under the stars in the star cluster of the Pleiades.
The new data will help astronomers to understand why stars rotate in the Star cluster at different Rates, as well as the context in which the rotation periods of planet formation.
"We hope that we will be told by Comparing our results with other star clusters, and more about the relationship between the mass of a star, its age and even the history of the solar system," Luisa Rebull, a research scientist at Caltech's Infrared Processing and Analysis Center in Pasadena, in a press release.
The Star cluster of the Pleiades is located about 445 light years away from earth.
A lot of stars in this Star cluster, which originated approximately 125 million years ago, are now reaching adulthood.
Turning now to the fastest.
To launch top-of-the rotation rates of these Mature stars, large amounts of stellar winds.
As these winds by the magnetic fields of the star are traveling, you will have a brake effect on the stars.
When a star ages, it begins its rotation rate to slow down.
Kepler measures the rotation rate of each star, by detecting the time between the appearance of a recognizable star-spots -- sun spots--.
The latest catalog from rotation rates indicates that more massive stars rotate slower than less massive stars.
Rebull compares the stars with dancers, with larger stars rotate slower pirouettes than smaller ones.
"In the "Ballet" of the Pleiades, we see that slow rotors tend to be solid, whereas the faster the rotors will tend to be very bright stars," said Rebull.
Because the Star cluster of the Pleiades is so close, it serves as an ideal cosmic laboratory to compare stellar qualities, such as rotation rates.
"The Star cluster of the Pleiades provides an anchor for the development of theoretical models of the stellar Rotation in both directions, younger and older," said Rebull.
There is much still lies ahead of us, about what we want to know how the slow rates of How, when, and Why stars in their Rotation, and a sort of "dance shoes" to hang up.
Rebull and her colleagues have in three Newspapers report in detail on their latest analysis of the rotation of the Pleiades rates reported, will soon appear in the Astronomical Journal.
A controversial Baseball Star shall
The tears ran down Alex Rodriguez faster than the U.S. Baseball Star in the best of days from Base to Base.
After his emotional resignation announcement, the 41-year-old professional is on the 12. August against the Tampa Bay Rays for the last Time the Jersey of his New York Yankees wear.
"I love this game and this Team."
"I say both 'Goodbye' to," said the 14-time All-Star Game-participants of the Major League Baseball (MLB).
Three times Rodriguez was voted the most valuable player in the League, in 2009 he won with the Yankees in the World Series.
His signature under a ten-year contract earned him annually since 2007, 27 million U.S. dollars.
Until the end of the contract at the 31. December 2017, he will act in the future as a consultant and youth coach at full salary.
As a player, it paid off Rodriguez for a long time with power.
With 696 home runs, 3114 Hits and 2021 points for his team ("Runs") for the Seattle Mariners (1994-2000) Texas Rangers (2001 to 2004) and since 2005 the Yankees, he achieved some of the milestones.
With the Hall-of-Fame members Hank Aaron and Willie Mays, two Baseball players in the major statistics similar values.
However, in the hall of fame of baseball, the 41 should not be included-Year-old nevertheless.
Because so successful Rodriguez, nicknamed "A-Rod" - was on the field, so be controversial to Occur outside of the square.
Already in 2009, the Superstar in "ESPN" to have taken between 2001 and 2003, the prohibited steroids.
In August 2013, he has been locked due to a tangle in the so-called Biogenesis scandal by the end of 2014, for 211 games.
Rodriguez is considered the main suspect, for years, about an Anti-Aging clinic in South Florida performance-enhancing resources.
After a legal dispute, the ban was reduced to 162 encounters.
"The League could have for the year 2014, even a Favor done, because I've played 20 years without a break," said Rodriguez at the time, smugly.
Also his farewell day not run silently.
While many Baseball legends in their final Games to get once again on the big stage, had Rodriguez sit often on the bench.
"My Job involves no farewell Tour."
"My Job involves trying to win every game," etched Yankees Coach Joe Girardi.
After all, Rodriguez, who was married to the actress Cameron Diaz and the relationships with Popstar Madonna and actress Kate Hudson are said to have, the sympathy of the Fans from the Yankee arch-rival Boston Red Sox.got
"We want A-Rod", chanted the supporters at the 4:9 defeat against the Rodriguez Team.
Olympia 2016: Chen Xinyi, Silwia Danekowa and Adrian Zielinski are the first cases of doping
Caught: Due to a positive doping sample weight lifter Adrian Zielinski from Poland are not allowed to start in Rio.
Rio de Janeiro - The 2016 Olympic games will be overshadowed by the cases of the first official Doping.
A caught athlete would have almost won a medal.
Before the seventh day of the first official doping the Olympic games in Rio de Janeiro, the cases become known.
The Chinese swimmer Chen Xinyi, 3000-meters-obstacle runner Silwia Danekowa from Bulgaria and Polish weightlifter Adrian Zielinski were tested in Brazil and excluded - immediately before the start of the already critically eyed track and field competitions, this news comes at an inopportune time.
Chen had already been on last Sunday, the diuretic hydrochlorothiazide, demonstrated that is used as a masking agent for doping substances.
The International court of arbitration for sport, CAS confirmed on Friday afternoon local time, their exclusion from the Olympic Games.
On Sunday, the 18-Year-old in fourth place in the finals, had finished about 100 metres butterfly, only 0.09 seconds, she missed the bronze medal.
On Friday, Chen should have been on the heats 50 m free style participate.
Chen has applied to the International Olympic Committee (IOC), the Opening of the B sample and a hearing.
The national Federation will take the matter "very seriously and demands that Chen full cooperation in the investigation," Xinhua quoted from a message: "We will work together with the International sports court CAS, and accept the verdict".
For the first time in the history, not the IOC, but the CAS is for the sanctioning of the athletes with positive cases.
Also in the night of Rio, the news was leaked about the positive sample at Danekowa, the 33-Year-old went on the Offensive.
"I had BNT three Tests, all negative, and my fourth Test was positive", this was "an incredible shock," she told the Bulgarian TV channel.
She was innocent, "the only explanation might be dietary supplements," said the athlete.
According to the report, it should be of a prohibited substance to the blood doping agent EPO.
Danekowa has been provisionally suspended, according to the BNT, the B-sample is already positive.
Bulgaria's Prime Minister Boyko Borisov, reacted immediately with criticism of the athlete.
"I don't understand why the athletes draw the right conclusions," he said: "We, Bulgarians, are under observation, as many have already been excluded".
So all of the weight lifter from the chronic doping Servient Nation may not participate in Rio.
On Friday, the case, "Adrian Zielinski was" known to, the London Olympic champion in the category up to 85 kg was tested as his brother Tomasz three days previously positive for the anabolic Steroid nandrolone.
Both deny the taking, both of which, however, may not start in the category up to 94 kg.
Before the Start of the athletes of the case Danekowa is particularly another severe blow to the Reputation of the entire sport.
The world governing body IAAF had said the entire Russian team, with one exception due to systematic doping in the Start, the runners nation of Kenya produced in Rio, many bad news.
In the sport of swimming, the previous Offenses were taken care of in China for violent clashes between the athletes.
So the Frenchman Camille Lacourt to handle the Chinese Olympic champion Sun Yang harsh.
"Sun Yang pee purple."
"When I style see the Podium over 200 m free, I want to vomit," said Lacourt in the French Radio.
The Sun was at the centre of a dispute with the Australian Mack Horton.
"I have no time and no respect for the Doping swindler", he said.
Sun was tested in 2014 at the Chinese Championships a positive effect on the stimulant Trimetazidin, but had to serve only a three-month ban.
Data theft: So perfidious hackers to extort their ransom
Programmer of blackmail Malware attack is currently targeted company and are successful in doing so.
According to a recent survey by the anti-Malware specialist Malwarebytes under 540 companies in North America, the UK and Germany, 40 percent of companies surveyed in the past twelve months have been at least once, some several times the victim of an attack with malicious Software.
In Germany, nearly 20 percent of the companies were already the target of a Ransomware extortion.
40 percent of victims paid willingly by the perpetrators demanded ransoms to the compromised systems and data re-use.
The perpetrators specialize your blackmailer Software according to the observations of Malwarebytes increasingly to attacks in corporate networks.
You are successful, the potential to gouge the end of ransom is significantly higher than for private users.
"Today we are seeing a terrifyingly rapid Evolution of malicious software," explains Malwarebytes CEO Marcin Kleczynski in an interview with the "world".
In 2008, most of the malware programs were designed, to send advertising.
Then the perpetrators of the blackmail Software discovered for.
First-time users were private the goal, but the change to the company's attacks took place in the past few months, shockingly fast.
Ransomware works according to a simple pattern: on the Computer of a victim actively seeks you are specifically looking for recently modified files, such as Word, Excel, or database files as well as archives of images and Videos.
These files are encrypted the Ransomware and delete the originals in a sustainable way.
Then the Software presents the demands of the blackmailer.
In order to get the Endschlüsselungs-Code the files, you must transfer the victim's money - usually in the Form of the crypto currency Bitcoin.
But where in the case of private users, the personal photo-database on the game.is company sensitive customer data, or project databases, without which the production is at a standstill
Accordingly, the higher the damage is, if a Ransomware hits.
22 percent of German companies reported sales losses caused by Ransomware, 13 percent had to the business activity complete interrupt, in one case, people in life danger.
In Germany, houses were already multiple sick victims of the attacks, the patients can be threatened by the loss of medical records in acute.
"We say to the Victims is always: don't Pay, you are promoting the Problem," says Kleczynski.
However, 80 to 90 percent of the firms pay to get your data back.
For managers, it is difficult, in the face of deadlock in the operation, the requirement of the offender to reject.
The hackers know this and try everything to have a good Reputation.
In a recent study, security researchers from F-Secure have studied the User interfaces and the contact with the Extortionists, and come to the conclusion that The perpetrators actually try, a kind of customer service to build, to make more money.
You explain to your Victims via Chat, as you by Bitcoin, can pay, free-to-access Support Websites, or to decrypt free sample files.
And private redeemed people after the payments of a few Hundred Euro, companies need to negotiate, in part hard and five-digit numbers sums to your unencrypted data back.
Due to the potentially high and relatively risk-free profits from the Ransomware extortion, the Hacker will always be professional and share the work, says security expert Chester Wisniewski, from anti-virus vendor Sophos: "A single Person can write a Ransomware approximately within a week."
More likely, however, is that there are three or four people.
The programmers sell their malicious software in the Form of a Software module to the actual blackmailer.
The existing Malware Kits created by the Malware itself, advising, and additional Tools were purchased for a one-off, fixed price between 1000 and $ 10,000.
"In the scope of supply, an adjustment tool is included, so that smaller configurations, appearance and Branding can be changed," says Wisniewski.
The blackmailer then look for more hackers to the fresh purchased spread Software among the Victims.
We live in a service economy.
You logged out in one of the forums in the underground, buy the Set of a Criminal, and instructs another in order to install the Software on as many PCs.
The payment is made per infected computer.
"Usually, the Criminals then instruct spammers with the spread," explains Wisniewski.
The risk of Ransomware is now used at many companies are known, which can secure your data better.
About 50 percent of corporate IT managers in the Malwarebytes-survey trust, a Ransomware with file-Back-ups and scanner software to fend off.
Accordingly, the perpetrators are already pursuing new strategies.
"If the encryption of data alone is not a sufficient threat to successful Erpessung more, threaten the perpetrators instead, with the publication of sensitive data such as customer lists or pricing," explains Malwarebytes CEO Marcin Kleczynski.
Thus, the damage potential is depending on the type of data to be many times higher than it was before.
Also, the offender could take in the future, entirely new targets on the Internet of things.
At the hacker conference Defcon, security researchers demonstrated how they were able to get an Internet-connected Thermostat under your control.
In the middle of the Winter could be the activation of such blocked heating some of the victims quite a ransom value.
If the perpetrators of the block then instead of the heater, in the future, a whole production line in a factory, could Ransomware are also in the industry 4.0 a topic.
For all cases
HONDA HR-V is flexible and suitable for everyday use
In the small HR-V Honda wants to grab everything: a little SUV, a little bit of a Coupé and the versatility of a minivan.
Sounds pretty cluttered, but the HR-V, which was constructed on the same new platform as the new Jazz proves to be in everyday life, in fact, as extremely flexible.
Although the only 1,60 m high HR-V appears to be rather small, the passengers in the first row as well as in the rear lot of space, it acts at any point closely.
The materials of the interior are well finished and have a pleasant, only the Cockpit, the upper side of the falls.
More versatile than comparable vehicles the HR-V at the storage space.
It's just a trunk of 453 l in Superscript and 1026 l when folded backrest is not available, but there is the "Magic Seats".
This is less magical than it sounds: The seat surfaces of the rear Bank as cinema seats fold up to provide storage space, from floor to Ceiling of 1.24 m high.
The trunk is well loaded, but the loading height of 650 mm is slightly higher than the comparable Peugeot 2008.
The tested 1.6-liter Diesel with 88 kW/120 HP accelerates the HR-V, thanks to the torque of up to 300 Nm in the wide engine speed ranges is very powerful.
He is expected to do his work, however, is a little quieter.
Encouraging the daily consumption of 4.7 l/100 km.
There is a further motorization: a 1.5-l gasoline engine with 96 kW/130 HP.
A four-wheel drive is not offered.
The driving is a good compromise between dynamics and comfort behavior is balanced.
The steering should be more direct.
The equipment leaves in the tested Top-of-the variant "Executive" nothing to be desired.
Among the security systems of the City-emergency brake assist (works up to a speed of 32), the collision warning system and lane keep assist.
The Collision warning system irritated sometimes because he has a rating in Maneuvering a lot of obstacles as "approaching objects".
Very reliable, light assistant works with the remote.
And the intelligent tempo controller reacts to the road-sign recognition, and throttles the speed.
The full connectivity is there but only for the Top-features: 7-inch touch screen, Navi, App Integration, and more.
Two USB and an HDMI Jack are located under the armrest, and are therefore somewhat cumbersome.
The around 29000 euros for well-equipped Top-of Diesel are in order.
Who does not want to invest so much, receives the gasoline from 20000 euros, the Diesel from 23000 euros.
The engines comply with the Euro 6 emission standard.
With the HR-V Honda provides a versatile and practical car.
Carrier shall not be liable: fall on passenger boarding bridge
A carrier shall not be liable for the crash of a passenger on the passenger bridge.
Because a liability is only when the dangers are conceivable, which are typical for the air traffic, argued the higher regional court of Düsseldorf (Az.: 18 U 124/14).
The plaintiff had broken in the fall, a knee-cap.
The accident, however, can happen anywhere - it was a General life risk, the court said.
The airline had to pay the man damages.
Case of illness: when paid to the organizer
Sick holidaymakers to get their travel money back, if the cause of the disease is undoubtedly found in the Hotel.
But this is only the case if more than ten percent of the guests has been proven to show the same symptoms.
In the present case, a family was ill on the second day of your Turkey holiday is difficult to diarrhea and vomiting.
She spent almost the entire holiday in the room.
Her disease led the tourists to a defective water treatment plant, which had allegedly polluted the sea water.
The family was of the opinion that the trip had been so deficient and complained against the organizer.
In court, the plaintiffs had no success.
Although the wastewater treatment plant, in fact, was defective.
But the organizer found out about it only shortly before the departure of the plaintiff.
He had to assume by then that the sea water was fine.
He has not breached his information obligations, so the judgment.
Especially in the samples of the water, no impurities were found.
The disease of multiple hotel guests - perhaps through infection with each other - belong to the General life risk.
From 691 guests, only 38 were suffering from.
De Maizière said, according to the refugees, violence in Würzburg and Ansbach in July, many people had fear of further attacks.
The state must prudently and determined at the same time on terrorist threats to respond.
What is certain is that Our country is not the answer to the violence of the perpetrators with hatred and division.
This Triumph, we will not treat the terrorists.
If offenders would have to be faster to leave the country, increasing the security and strength of public support for the refugee policy.
De Maizière wants to call for the implementation of the proposals, up to the Bundestag election in 2017.
He also announced a further strengthening of the security forces, "in the middle of four digit order of magnitude over a number of years".
Sympathy advertising for terrorism had to stand again under penalty.
Video surveillance should be improved, the weapons are legal to be amended, so that especially the purchase of weapons on the Internet is difficult.
The recently much-discussed confidentiality for Doctors is to remain, according to de maizière's words are respected.
However, he wants to seek in the dialogue with the medical Profession to find solutions, such as the risk to the public is reduced, he said, with a view about mental abnormalities.
To a radicalisation of refugees to counteract, the Minister of a better social care is necessary.
Teachers need to be better at dealing with traumatized people.
For the prosecution of Criminals in specific areas of the Internet (Darknet), plans de Maizière, the use of covert investigators.
SPD leader Sigmar Gabriel said: "The SPD is ready to talk about everything that contributes to further increase the security".
It was important that the interior Minister had clearly opposed to activism.
"That was a slap in the face for the agitators in the CDU/CSU," said Gabriel, the Newspapers of the Funke media group (Friday).
De Maizière rejected Calls from the Union to a Burka ban and the abolition of dual nationality previously.
A General ban of the full veiling he believe to be constitutionally problematic.
You can't ban everything, what to reject, and I reject the Wearing of the burqa.
Could talk to you about rules in road transport, or for witnesses in court.
Green party leader Simone Peter accused the Minister that he wanted to simulate with new Anti-Terror packages, decisiveness and ability to act.
Left party boss Bernd Riexinger said: "fleet contradictions and an intensification of the right of residence to bring the people in this country".
Improved flow of traffic on the road
It jams regularly on the Beltway - here is a picture from November.
But that should change: The right lane is to be extended.
This is good news for all motorists in traffic on the surrounding road each evening in a traffic jam when you are driving on the motorway (A 43).
Landesbetrieb Straßenbau extended to next Tuesday and Wednesday (16./17. August) in the area between the Hammer road and the departure Wesel road, the right lane about 700 meters.
Motorists can then thread directly from the Hammer road on the right.
The big advantage: The traffic is divided early, thereby reducing the overall flow on the busy section of the Federal route 51 is improved.
The idea with the extended exit of the CDU faction in the district representation of Münster-West.
The lane narrowing on the Shuttle is annoying motorists, especially between 17 and 19 o'clock.
On weekdays, goes to the backwater to the bridge over the use and sometimes.
Reason, the eye of the needle on the B-51 is just before the departure Wesel road.
From here, the traffic is directed to only one lane over the motorway bridge.
The second track had to be built in front of a good three-quarter years.
The reason is that Static calculations had revealed that the bridge has the required load-bearing capacity, especially the heavy traffic from two lanes to be incorporated.
How long this bottleneck and the associated work will continue daily traffic jam, say to the responsible use of the land.
However, it is to be expected: Because the bridge has a official remaining life up to the year 2034.
For the extension of the right turn lane of the country has be aware of the traffic weaker time in the school holidays, selected, because, with disabilities.
The traffic will be conducted on Tuesday and on Wednesday one lane past the construction site.
Intercultural travel: cultural offers for schools
The international class of the forest school visited the theatre in "The invisible house".
The Association Nima's and the Young theatre are now planning a music project.
The Association Nima's young people with a Migration and refugee background, to visit cultural institutions in Münster.
The "class International" the forest school the children's house, has visited a presentation of the award-winning piece "The invisible house" of the young theater of Münster.
In the context of the Association Nima's initiated the "Intercultural journey" visited 19 students between the ages of eleven and 15 years, the staging in the Small house.
Since the beginning of the year, the Association has set itself the cultural Integration of young people with a Migration and refugee background to target schools with welcome classes the opportunity to visit, in the framework of this project, cultural institutions in Münster.
Most of the young people of the class came between September 2015 and March 2016, including from Afghanistan, Iran, Serbia, Syria and Münster, and speak a little German.
Thanks to the choreography, the scenic images and video animations, it was possible to follow the course of action, however, the press release of the young theater of Münster.
The Association Nima's, founded by Dr. Tannaz Westerberg from Sprakel, and the Young theatre will be working together in the upcoming season in the context of a music theatre project.
From October till December, young people with and without escape and migration background should receive between 14 and 20 years, the possibility of a professionally led courses in the areas of singing, dance, drama and music to visit.
Services for children and families in the area of theatre and theatrical language teaching are in the planning.
The project "Intercultural journey" goes on.
In view of the increase in refugee numbers, the club expects to have many classes that want to participate.
Rain instead of shooting stars: the hope of the weather improving
The weather has made the shooting stars-Watchers in the southwest of Germany in the night of Friday, a line through the invoice - however, there is still hope.
The night had been suitable because of clouds and rain bad to watch the sky spectacle, said the Chairman of the Observatory Welzheim, and Hans-Ulrich Keller, on Friday morning.
Our hope is on the night to Saturday.
The weather is supposed to be good, then we can see many shooting stars in the sky.
In the case of the star scales are the Perseids, which belong with 216000 miles per hour of the fastest shooting stars.
Their name because they appear to come from the constellation Perseus, in the North-East rises.
Good night: tips for sleep disorders
In the evening rolls around forever at night, you lie awake for hours, in the morning long before the alarm clock not ringing to think of sleep.
This is anything but relaxing.
After all, it is with such problems in good company: According to the Robert Koch Institute, approximately a quarter of the adult sleep disorders, and more than ten percent feel that their sleep is frequently or permanently as non-relaxing.
What are sleep problems or sleep disorders?
There are several forms of sleep disorders, and it can be a variety of underlying causes, says Hans-Günter-member of the management Board of the German society for sleep research and sleep medicine.
What is the country in opposite directions including, but the insomnia, so a sleep disorder.
Just by sleeping, many people find unsatisfactory or insufficient, says Jens Wagenknecht, member of the management Board of the German doctors Association, with practice, lower Saxony, Varel.
What's behind sleep disorders?
The causes of sleep disorders are complex.
Behind the organic, psychological, or behavioral factors, but also drugs stuck.
Not infrequently the sleep disorder, the expression of a different disease.
"Very early Wake up is especially in the case of Depression often", says Blind.
And it may be that different factors are interdependent.
Who, for example, a herniated disc, can bad, waking up every two to three hours and begins, perhaps, to ponder about everyday problems and worries, is Blind an example.
This leads to tension, and sleep is no longer possible.
When should you sleep disorders to the doctor?
Who is not sleeping over a period of one month in at least three nights per week and on the day be affected, should go to the doctor, advises Blind.
The impact can look quite different: One is cut off, tired, drowsy, has difficulty with attention and concentration, easily irritable, has mood swings, or physical complaints such as stomach - or headaches.
In order to alleviate the sleep disorder, it is important the causes of to find out.
As a treatment options include changes in behavior, a cognitive - behavioral therapy or medications - classic-bedroom eligible tablets only in exceptional cases and for a maximum of two weeks.
Established a Sleep doctor in Germany, emphasizes Prof. Ingo Fietze, Director of the interdisciplinary Sleep medicine center Charité Universitätsmedizin Berlin.
Therefore, you should contact in case of sleep problems, first to the family doctor, advises Blind.
You can check with the studies, whether the problems have a physical cause.
Who should go to a sleep laboratory and what happens there?
For the investigation in the sleep laboratory physician, rates of dropouts, for example, in the case of snoring with Breathing, in the case of pathological daytime sleepiness, in the case of sleepwalkers, or if you don't find the cause of a sleep disorder, explains Fietze.
On the investigation you do not need to prepare actually.
You should spend the day as normal.
"Just, please, no NAP," said Fietze.
According to the Cable, it goes to normal it's time for bed.
In addition to the electrodes on the body, wearing a nose glasses, a chest strap and a sensor on the Finger.
In addition, a camera on the ceiling records the Sleeping.
How can Concerned get to grips with the problems?
There are quite a few levers which can be applied for a better sleep.
- On a Regular sleep and Wake times, not too long lying in bed, the day not sleep, do not watch TV to fall Asleep, avoidance of alcohol at night and not look at the clock - then it starts to count immediately, and that is not at all conducive to.
What is the jungle camp has with the lack of medals in Swimming to
The former German swimmer Markus Deibler commented via Facebook to the disappointing performance of the DSV team at Olympis.
In December 2014, he had won at the short course world Championships in Doha for the first time Gold and set his first world record.
Now the former DSV-Athlete Markus Deibler via Facebook, the contactor has at the end of his criticism of the Ex-team-mates.
"In a country where an Olympic gold winner gets the€ 20,000 bonus and a king of the jungle 150.000€ should be a surprise to no one on the missing medals," wrote the 26-Year-old in the night to Friday on his Facebook page.
The conveyor system in the sport of swimming is bad, the doping controls, however, very good.
Thus we are not able to compete with countries that very much promote and the issue of Doping is not so exactly look, or even operate.
"I'm not saying that the controls should be set," he explained.
He wanted to start a Comeback that would have to Deibler be already reported, nine months before his first Start of the National Anti-Doping Agency Germany (NADA).
Just as you should keep it with countries.
"If you can't be a certain amount of time before the WM/OS by independent inspectors of the WADA/FINA controlled, must not participate", calls for the election in Hamburg, which now operates an ice cream parlor.
Airport: gang of Luggage thieves arrested
Professional thieves at the airport Düsseldorf
Civil of the düsseldorf police investigators, the arrest of two women and two men aged 50 to 61 years, on Thursday.
The suspects had committed as a gang, several bags and Baggage thefts.
Against 21.30 recognized civilian officials in the area of Düsseldorf airport is a gang, the police last theft offenses known.
The two women and two men had committed since the middle of July of this year, several offences and community were, work piece, and particularly in a professional approach.
The specialists of the Criminal police headquarters 34 can provide evidence of the thieves, who were dedicated to committing crimes to Germany, four acts.
In the process, they captured a total of 15,000 euros.
Old buildings, a couple of Linden trees, between a Rest cobblestone: The Rigaer Straße in Berlin-Friedrichshain, at first glance, not so, however, the police is considered to be the "Dangerous places" in the city.
If one goes from East to West along, you will find playgrounds, a freshly painted nursery and a health food store.
On the facade of the grey house, someone has sprayed "ugly!".
Opposite a Lidl, which is also supposed to be soon demolished, will be built by 2017 here is a house with high Windows and 133 new rental apartments.
Article about this "trendy" as the competent real estate company Friedrichshain called, are illustrated in the last few weeks, however, preferably with burning cars.
Reason, the house with the number 94 is: Once it was occupied, in the meantime, the residents of leases have, on the ground floor are, however, still occupied space, and can be used for events.
Especially the Berlin interior Senator Henkel had spoken since the beginning of the year several times for tough action by the police against the project, the area as a "No-Go-Zone" for police officers and the 94 as the starting point of Autonomous violence.
After on 22. June, the rooms on the ground floor, the Kadterschmiede, had been cleared with the 300 police officers that patrolled the police for three weeks, the official said that 30 to 40 officers and three squad cars on site, locked parts of the road and stopped visitors from entering the house with the number 94.
Meanwhile, renovated a construction worker in behalf of the unknown owner of the house, the rooms.
13. July, a Berlin administrative court ruled that the eviction had been illegal, and a day later the police and the construction workers withdrew to the cheers of supporters and local residents.
On this summer afternoon, the street is peaceful: parents with children walking, people sitting on the sidewalk in front of the houses in the sun, others talk in front of the Späti.
In the immediate vicinity of the house projects, a primary school and kindergartens.
Left-wing violence is not the main of many residents: Kerstin Neugebauer, who lives since 1999 in the neighborhood, and Jana*, the draws here are three children, concern, are annoyed especially by the police presence.
With the residents of the house projects you share concerns about rising Rents and gentrification.
It doesn't sound like a neighborhood, the police wanted the majority of the protection against vandaliere Left.
The trench, the Berlin Senator for the interior and the police, occupants between the house and their neighbours open the door, so does not exist apparently.
Friedrichshain in former East Berlin, a traditional working-class district, which has today, compared to the Rest of the city with a low average income and high poverty risk actually was.
Also squatting, and the out-housing projects have long been the neighborhood in 1990, a number of houses were occupied in the former GDR, including almost all of the Mainzer road in the vicinity of Riga.
During the Mainz squad under a great deal of police in a street battle had been cleared, many of the projects legalized in Riga, and are partly inhabited today by the people which they had occupied before the age of 26.
At the same time, the district is in recent years increasingly become a magnet for tourists and Berliner-by-choice from all over the world to become: With you local residents from the GDR now share-times and former squatter in their neighborhood.
This is also the case of the Rents, which have risen since 2009, in the case of new leases to nearly 60 percent.
Many of the buildings in Riga are attacked as symbols of this development: they have inserted slices or freshly painted facades that were thrown at bags with the color.
No other road was mentioned so often this year, together with the words "left-wing violence".
One reason for this is that not all of the neighbors see this as a Problem, it could be that you are not affected by the crime: crimes such as personal injury are addressed according to statistics, almost exclusively against the police.
The largest part of the offences, damage to property, which tend to be more likely to make the new buildings and newly renovated houses.
For Kerstin Neugebauer, who lives for 17 years in a tenement house, in addition to the controversial 94, can be a uncertainty.
As for violence, it is uplifting: The people in the 94 are your neighbors, not all of them had been determined.
The famous burning of cars, it is not directly in the Riga.
For the studied architect your street is not a criminal focal point, on the contrary, "Here, help each other, living together on the road and gets more from each other than anywhere else".
Neugebauer is deliberately drawn in the Riga road and remained.
That's why it was so important that the residents get their road back: the police, politicians and the media, which in July all of a sudden the sovereignty of interpretation claimed for the district.
However, in the eyes of residents, such as Neugebauer on the road is taken away from them, By faceless new buildings in former vacant lots, displacing the old inhabitants.
"Yes, ultimately, ownership of dwellings, which are not for many people here, interesting people here who are not so well-heeled well-'ll be more," she says.
"Violence and destruction, I can't countenance."
But what are you supposed to do when a never-someone is listening?
As a on all sides of the Frustration, even the police and the residents.
For newcomers, the resent color bombs, Kerstin Neugebauer little understanding: The in-house projects and left the scene belonged to the neighborhood.
Who drags, you should be aware of this - just like someone who draws in a bar district, there are bad noise can complain.
All first names only featured people have asked to be with her correct name
Urbach: Annika Deuschle is a commissioned new Refugee
Annika Deuschle is the contact person in matters of Integration and organizer.
In addition, she is a social worker.
Since July, Annika Deuschle is representative of the Refugee for Urbach.
The social worker supports the Team in administrative Achim Grockenberger.
She sees herself as the contact person for all actors involved: refugees, working group on refugee assistance, administration, authorities and who will be involved.
Regine customer from the working group suggests that the volunteers are more than grateful that Deuschle is now there, the eggs legend Jack of all trades, has a Problem.
Some had less mocking and more on the variety of desired tasks in targeted areas - meant, as the administration wanted to contest the point.
Was looking for an administrative professional with a Talent for languages and people, connected with many years of experience in the field of social work, a Jack of all trades.
However, administrative work is not your main area, says Annika Deuschle.
Especially going to be the organization, working with the local people and behind-the-Scenes, as well as network activity.
The 31-Year-old for about six weeks.
She has a temporary 50-percent point, to three years.
"It was high time," says Regine customer that Annika Deuschle honor - and the main support of official actors.
There are big and small problems, organisational, human and communication problems.
Soon a new Container in the Wasen road
A serious Problem is there since some time, to find housing for the connection of the refugees who have been recognized.
For the follow-up accommodation are the responsibility of municipalities.
You need to the refugees in their own or rented residential premises.
The cost for the construction, rental, or renovation of these properties will have to bear the municipalities themselves.
The responsibility changes from the district office to the municipality and the job centre.
Problem: There are free objects, but not every landlord wants to offer his apartment.
The search is on for some time as very difficult.
De facto, the management finds no private apartments.
It's not working so far, you had to rely on private dwellings, Deuschle.
Therefore, municipal apartments need to be upgraded, as it is so beautiful.
So soon to be placed in the new Container in the Wasen road.
But with apartments it is not done.
Perspective, the keyword is Regine customer and Annika Deuschle agree.
In addition to a fixed place to Stay, there are internships, training places, school places,-Euro-Jobs and Temporary jobs for refugees and migrants, the gefundnen or set up.
"More places would be good," says Regine customer.
A lot of work in the yard or help house masters, do non-profit work and the motivated and very neat, as Annika Deuschle reported.
She hopes that the work for the community leads to a positive external effect.
The "no-work".
Activity does not mean only work.
Of the day need a solid structure, say Deuschle and the customer.
The people would have to develop a sense of belonging.
So there is a need for programmes such as Sport, contacts with the Locals, and especially language courses.
Professional courses are scarce.
So, administrative and Volunteer to be a jump here, too.
It is Central that the refugees get the feeling that you were in Germany, and welcome.
The long duration of the procedure had a Problem.
You have to explain to the refugees that it takes a long time and you can bypass the time-useful, for example, with language courses.
Who will develop at some point the feeling that he could help in Urbach anyone, could not work and was useless, the will to integrate never.
The clear majority was motivated.
Problem cases there are but also says a customer, to be honest, "people, where anything goes". The work of Deuschle and the customer is therefore always to motivate others.
All of this was a "mammoth task".
A difficult question: Have the two of them after the recent occurrences, and the fear of radicalisation, even in a small community such as Urbach?
"No," says Regine customer is clearly, "what may some call naive." A residual risk cannot and does not want to exclude.
Be aware of the helpers.
These incidents were also the subject of the refugees.
The had the fear that the assassin will bring you completely into disrepute.
"You want to show that they have nothing to do with it," says Regine customer.
Many would like to stay in Urbach.
So and Volunteers are on - site and in the Region need to keep activities looking.
They always have in the Background that soon a new shock could come on refugees and migrants, according to Urbach.
Does Germany need an upper limit?
To answer this question clearly, is not afraid of the policy.
Actually, it is unfair, you helpers on the spot.
"In Urbach, we are not yet arrived where we want to go," says Annika Deuschle.
No new refugees would be able to relax.
Regine customer is also clear that the Urbacher are also utilized to integrate the human reasonable.
The are currently around 100 people, mostly young men.
But if people are in Need, you have to help you, both women agree.
The political situation in the world is so complicated, because there are no easy answers.
Schorndorf: burglar searched with a helicopter
The police helicopter flew for about an hour in different areas - with no success.
Two unknown men broke on Friday morning at 8.50 am violently in an apartment in a multi family house in Lindenweg.
The residents surprised the two and hit the fiends to flight.
The two men were about 1.65 to 1.70 meters tall, well-masked, both wore blue Jeans and black hoodies.
They fled towards the city centre.
In the investigation of the police used several strips of crews and a police helicopter.
The investigation proceeded without success.
Possibly, the Unknown fell in front of the fact, near the apartment or at the time of their escape.
Baden-Württemberg: police are investigating after Rocker-attack Snack
After an attack on a Ulm Snack with the police against six Suspects from the rock environment due to heavy Trespassing.
In the case of house searches evidence had been the means and the drug ensured, police said on Friday.
About 20 masked men a rock-like grouping were thrown, according to police in July, bottles and stones against the window of a snack.
After that, you are attacked two guests and one slightly injured.
After that, they fled.
At the Snack bar and at the adjacent building, and a damage of 10,000 euros.
The investigators suggest that it is a dispute in the Ulmer-rock milieu between a Kurdish and a Turkish Gang.
Thuringia: Zeiss Meditec, sales of a billion closer to
A high demand for medical technology in Asia has boosted the sales of Carl Zeiss Meditec.
In the first nine months of which began in October, the business year, consolidated sales rose by 6.7 per cent to 798,6 million euros, as the exchange-listed company announced on Friday in Jena, Germany.
The Asian business grew by 17.1 percent.
The profit before interest and taxes increased, according to the interim balance sheet of 89.5 million Euro 110.5 million euros.
The Jena-based medical technology group wants to Excel in this fiscal year, the revenue mark of one billion Euro, reaffirmed by the Board of Directors.
Zeiss Meditec manufactures devices and equipment for medical practices and clinics.
The company, which is part of the optics and electronics group Carl Zeiss (Oberkochen), employs close to 3000 employees.
