28-year-old Koch in San Francisco Mall died dead
A 28-year-old chef, who recently moved to San Francisco, was found dead in the staircase of a local shopping centre.
The victim's brother said that he could not imagine anyone who would hurt him, "Entily, it was going uphill with him."
The corpse found on Wednesday morning in the Westfield Mall was identified as the 28 year old Frank Galicia from San Francisco, told the court of justice in San Francisco.
The San Francisco Police Department said that death was classified as murder and the investigations are running.
The brother of the victim, Louis Galicia, told the ABS transmitter KGO in San Francisco that Frank, who previously worked as a chef in Boston, gave his dream job as chef at the Sons & Daughters restaurant in San Francisco six months ago.
A spokesman of the Sons & Daughters said that she was "shocked and destroyed by his death."
"We are a small team that works like a close family and we will miss him painfully," said the spokesman.
Our thoughts and condolences are at this difficult time at Franks family and friends.
Louis Galicia announced that Frank first lived in hostels, but that "things for him finally went uphill."
"He found a apartment, he had a girlfriend," said Louis Garcia KGO.
Louis Galicia said that he could not imagine anyone who would hurt his younger brother.
He was a friendly person with a great heart.
His way of combining his family with his family was to give us something to cook, to prepare us for dinner," said Louis Galicia.
He never wanted to participate in any kind of controversy.
He was the brother who swunk with the stream.
"In everything that goes wrong in the world, he was this uncle Diamant, who brightly lit every day," he said.
Anyone who has information on the case will be asked to call the SFPD in the case number 415-575-4444.
Jennifer Aniston: I will always be put in drawers
Jennifer Aniston doesn't have to be perfect or successful.
This has made the Hollywood Star clear in an interview now.
"I will always put up in drawers or get glued from the outside label, who have little to do with me and the reality."
"I have no desire to be perfect and successful."
"honestly, these things are rather snuff."
Jennifer Aniston (47) can only laugh that she is considered "Miss Perfect," as explained in the current "Cosmopolitan."
The actress is most likely to spend her time at home, pre-m TV with lockerem Dutt and Mexican food, it is said in the magazine.
For the white glut she raises the question of the desire for children: "We women do not have to be married or have children to be perfect," says Hollywood Star.
In her new film "Mother's Day - Love is no child game" is Aniston as a single mother of two sons.
The film will run on August 25.
Golfer Langer receives the sports pyramid
His experiences on the horse are manageable.
At the end of a golf tournament in South Africa, Bernhard Langer, with some colleagues, was looking for a little variety with a ride on the beach.
For the 58-year old it was a premiere.
Chio: "golden sports pyramid" for Bernhard Langer
After a few minutes, the horses reminded themselves of their festivities, they woke up to the fodder in the fast Galopp home.
A kilometre at this rate, I have been afraid.
"It was not a good experience," said Langer.
And then the riding career ended up again.
On Saturday, Germany's best golfer of all times - 101 tournament wins - was back in the vicinity of horses.
He could lead his family through the installation of the ALRV, on a horse he is not even for photo purposes.
Long was the first time in Aachen and also the CHIO.
The reason was very convincing.
The German sports help presented the golden sports pyramid to the man from Anhausen in the context of a small gala.
The sympathetic sportsman does not miss out on a number of awards.
Silver Lorbeerblatt, Champions-Tour-Player of the year...
Even the British Queen has killed him.
Long is the 18th winner of the sports pyramid.
In Aachen, he met the first winner Hans Günter Winkler on Saturday.
"This award gives me a great deal," says Langer, "because it is not only awarded for sporting success, but also for social engagement."
For decades, Langer has been supporting the young.
And so he added the prize money of EUR 25.000.
With 15 other outstanding athletes, the double US master winner was added to the "Hall of Fame of German Sports" on Saturday.
Among the exhibitors are the athlete Hartwig Gauder and Harald Schmitt, the Turner Eberhard Gienger, the Freal Cornelia Hanisch, Alexander Pusch and Arnd Schmitt, the Ruderer Peter-Michael Kolbe, Bob-driver Meinhard Nee, the Judoka Frank Wieneke, the Springtor Alwin Schockemöhle and posthumously the Handballer Erhard.
Many of these sports races came to Aachen on Saturday.
After the official part, the illustrious society migrated to the Springstadion, where the Lavazza Prize ran.
Bernhard Langer kept far from the big animals.
Clinton and Trump's Economic Policy: It's all about the money
Investing in infrastructure and avoiding the TTP trade agreement - that is what both Clinton and Trump want.
However, the two US presidential applicants are in charge of taxation and energy policy and a fundamental issue.
The difference in economic policy between Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton is based on a fundamental, rather philosophical, difference.
That, about the role of the state.
Trump is in doubt rather small and warns about how the state can harm the economy - with taxes and regulations.
Clinton wants to tax and regulate the economy to death, he says.
He himself, on the other hand, would be quite different, claiming Trump.
He will massively reduce regulations, and he is strong in favour of a far-reaching tax reform with lower tax rates - for private individuals and for businesses.
Clinton, on the other hand, says: The state has certain tasks to perform, it has the opportunity to open up, and needs money for it.
That is why taxes on the rich would be increased, says it.
Interestingly, both are very close to the subject of infrastructure.
We need to invest in this, say Trump and Clinton.
The democratic candidate has even announced the biggest investment in new jobs since the Second World War.
Government investment programs in infrastructure are classic democratic politics, and are strongly rejected by Republicans" state critical teaky wing.
So, for Trump, party-internal discussions could come.
The differences in energy and climate policy are clearer.
Trump wants to build coal-fired power plants and re-launch coal mining in the US.
Oil extraction is also expected to be possible in protected areas as well.
By contrast, Clinton wants to explicitly expand renewable energy with its investment program: "A country will become the superpower of clean energy and create millions of jobs."
"It will be either China, Germany or America - I want us to be."
But, not only in terms of infrastructure - even in international trade agreements, the two competitors are not far from each other.
TPP, the Trans-Pacific Trade Agreement, do not want to sign both.
But, at the same time, both do not want to isolate the US from international trade - but simply to protect American jobs better.
They should then be better paid for, for example, for Clinton.
The current minimum wage of USD 7.25 is a hunger wage.
It wants to increase it to $15 per hour.
What Trump wants to do on this issue is not very clear: Once he says that the minimum wage must be rushed, then he says that he must not be changed.
But the big discussion in the coming months is likely to be more about the fiscal policy of the two camps.
On the one hand, Trump is standing to ease the economy and citizens to boost growth.
His critics suggest that the budget deficit would be even bigger.
On the other hand, Clinton, who, at least, wants to demand from the rich that they pay more taxes, and their critics say: More taxes are not the solution.
Escape: "every woman who fled has experience of sexual violence"
Sexual violence is part of everyday life for women who flee on their own.
When they arrive in Germany, they are often traumatized.
A house offers refuge.
Four women sit in a large kitchen.
Each has a baby that is not at most one year old.
One has put her little son in the arm.
He looks with great eyes curiously in the room.
His mother starred on the table.
Until she realizes that she is observed.
She smiling in short and kissing the little ones.
The scene is normal.
Until you talk to Katrin Bahr.
She is a business leader of Condrobs, a company for social assistance in Bavaria, and is concerned, among other things, with the issue of women on the flight.
The four women in the kitchen have fled.
They live in the North of Munich in one of the few decentralised accommodation for women and their children in Bavaria.
In January, Condrobs opened the facility together with Pro Familia and the Munich Women's Aid.
It was officially opened recently.
60 people live there - 40 women and 20 children.
Men do not exist - either as visitors.
The exception is a watchman in front of the door.
"It is not an exaggeration to say: Every woman who arrives here has had experience of sexual violence on her flight," says Bahr.
"Men are fleeing for wars because they are persecuted politically, because they are threatening torture or death, or because their families send them as a hope for Europe," she told.
For women, there are other reasons for escaping: "many are secretly stealing from it, because they do not see any other way out."
In their homeland they have had experience of sexual violence, forced marriages, honour killings, slavery or forced prostitution.
It continues.
It continues to flee.
"It is not rarity, for example, for a bottle of water for a bottle of water," says Bahr.
And women are alone, they are not protected by their families.
Who believe that the end of the end, as soon as they arrive in Germany, misses Bahr.
Here, too, single women in refugee accommodation would often be regarded as inferior and, at worst, abused.
This means that approximately 90% of the women who live in the city of Munich are traumatised.
"Some of the children are certainly not voluntary."
Many women are so accustomed to saying nothing.
"Or they do not dare to speak openly about the experience, because the shame is too big."
Because they often do not want to help, it needs more accommodation only for them, demands Bahr.
In Bavaria, the seven regional governments are responsible for the accommodation of refugees.
Some say "no" to the question of whether they know about a similar project as in Munich in their area of competence.
In the Upper Palatinate and Oberfranken, for example, there is no such thing in government accommodation.
There are also women who are not kept separate, says Karl-Heinz Meyer, press spokesperson of the government.
In Oberbayern, Unter- und Mittelfranken, in some community accommodation there are floors or own houses only for single women and their children.
The exception is Niederbayern, where there are two central accommodation exclusively for women.
The Committee on Women's Rights and Gender Equality in the European Parliament also calls for women to be accommodated separately.
In a study published for the committee, it says: 'It is very important that men and women be accommodated separately'.
"There is a lack of privacy, or if men and women are housed together, there can be - perpetual - violence against women."
In particular, the washing areas should be separated and easily accessible for women, in the study.
How much the women feel this need for protection can be read in the rush to the house in Munich.
"Since we have talked about that we have, we have a long queue," says Bahr.
You could easily set up a second house.
Councillors strike: Demands for new industrial action measures
The representatives of the assistants have called on their trade unions to approve new industrial disputes in their disputes regarding a new Treaty.
The Junior Doctors Committee (JDC) of the British Medical Association (BMA) has asked its entire Council to approve more industrial action measures from the beginning of September.
The JDC said that it had failed ministers to respond to the concerns of the Treaty.
Assistant doctors and medical students have voted in July on the rejection of a contract agreed with BMA.
It was rejected by 58% of its members who voted in the elections.
In a letter to the members published on Twitter on Thursday evening, the president of the JDC Ellen McCourt said that the government had "persistently calm" problems, leading to the rejection of the Treaty.
She said: "In light of this, the JDC has voted to fully reject the proposed new Treaty and have requested official renegotiations on all of your concerns."
In response to the government's silence, the JDC has today submitted a formal request to a special meeting of the BMA Council in order to approve an ongoing programme of escalating industrial action that begins at the beginning of September.
The disputes resulted in the fact that assistant doctors this year razed six, the first total defaults in the history of the NHS.
The head of the BMA assistant physician Dr. Johann Malawana resigned after the election to reject the agreed contract conditions recommended by the BMA.
He informed BMA members during the meetings that took place before the vote by 54.000 assistant doctors and medical students, that the contract was beneficial and should be adopted.
After the vote, the Minister for Health, Jeremy Hunt, said that the contract for doctors in England would be enforced.
Russia and Turkey: An "alliance of outsiders"?
It was a gesture that ended a crisis.
The leaders of Russia and Turkey met on Tuesday to give their hands and to declare an official end to the eight months of war of words and economic sanctions.
But, when Vladimir Putin receives his Turkish counterpart in the gilded hall of the St. Petersburg Palace, I cannot deny the impression that Ankara wants this reconciliation the most.
There was a handshake, yes.
But Putin's smile worked narrowly and he did not radiate heat, even for his restrained circumstances.
Recep Tayyip Erdogan, on the other hand, repeatedly spoke of his "dear friend" Putin - five times, according to a report.
I could not count it any more.
He also promised that relations with Russia would not only return to its old level before the crisis, but will even improve.
The next day, a newspaper described that Erdogan would have behaved as if something bad had never happened.
My enthusiasm seemed to suggest the opposite.
But Putin's sustainable mill showed that Russia's head of state had not forgotten anything.
On the contrary, the cause of the crisis was the first thing he mentioned in his introductory words: The shooting of a Russian combat aircraft on the Syrian border by Turkey.
Moscow's reaction at the time was raging.
Putin shared out and accused Ankara of being in the back of Russia.
The crime was even bigger as it was committed by a supposed friend.
Rebuilding the veto will be difficult, if not impossible.
Public opinion in Russia has changed since November.
For months, state-controlled media unleashed a fierce, unlimited attack on Ankara.
At one time, it seemed that the Turks were to blame for everything.
The most serious of these were the allegations of senior officials that Erdogan's own family would have benefited from illegal oil trade in areas of Syria controlled by the so-called Islamic State.
He vehemently denied this.
But in St. Petersburg the official message was that it was time to look forward.
After all, this meeting took place only because Putin received the apology he wanted to hear from President Erdogan.
Russia could win a kind of victory.
For Ankara, the benefits of a cease-fire are clear.
Erdogan needs, first and foremost, all the friends he can get after he has almost stopped his post last month in a failed coup d'état.
Repeated terrorist attacks on Turkey have also shaken him.
But there are also economic motives.
Russian sanctions have hit Turkey hard - in particular, the ban on charter flights, which usually bring several million Russian tourists to the Turkish coast each year.
The number has fallen by almost 90%.
In Russia, tour operators and charter companies will be facilitated when flights are resumed.
They count on a late Renaissance rush to the Mediterranean.
This week, the state television projected cheaper fruit and vegetables as soon as the Turkish agricultural imports were re-allowed.
A report in Vedemosti put it as follows: "tourists there long, tomatoes here."
But the visit had an additional political value for Moscow.
Ankara is angry with the West, as it considers its response to the attempted takeover of power as a weak response.
To this end, the continuing resentment about the snail's pace of EU accession negotiations and Putin - which is eager to benefit from the cool mood and reduce Turkey's relationship with the West.
The Russian head of state certainly won a bonus in Ankara that he called for support for the elected authorities following the attempted coup d'état.
This is certainly a matter of course for Moscow, which itself has a deep-seated fear of regime change.
The summit in this glancing palace on the sea made it possible for Russia and Turkey to portray an "alliance of outsiders," as an analyst told me,: Two countries that are in breach of the West and feel badly treated.
Nevertheless, despite public reconciliation, there are still major differences between the two.
The biggest difference is Syria, where Moscow recently played its role as a peacemaker, but where Russia and Turkey support opposing sides.
It could be significant that, after almost three hours of initial talks, both presidents stated at the press conference that they would not even have grasped the issue.
The President of Turkey deliberately failed to respond to a question about their differences, while Putin chose to emphasize it.
There is no clear consensus on where a common denominator can be found on Syria.
But after months of open hostility - and given the potential for a perfect disaster, when NATO member Turkey shoots the Russian battle jet - it is certainly better that the two heads of state are at least once again talking to each other.
Royal Bank of Scotland no longer available
According to the head of the Bank, the RBS brand is expected to be reduced to a back-office service.
The Royal Bank of Scotland will no longer be available to customers outside Scotland.
Ross McEwan told the BBC Scotland that the RBS brand was linked to the Bank's global ambitions.
The Bank has since dissociated itself since it had almost collapsed and saved eight years ago.
At this time, brand strategists "RBS" used to protect other consumer finance brands.
She supported international sports with millions of pounds of sponsoring, from the Six Nations Rugby to Wimbledon, Andy Murray.
But now she has chosen to focus more national brands.
The Royal Bank of Scotland will only be available to customers in Scotland, but will not be initialized.
In England and Wales, all RSB references, the decentralised headquarters and the stock exchange listing are going to go to NatWest.
The Ulster Bank brand is already used for customers in the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland.
There are other minor brands for retail, which will be more important - Coutts, Adam & Co, Drummond and Holt's Military Bank.
McEwan was interviewed during a tour of customers and employees in Inverness shire.
He told the BBC Scotland: "The RSB brand will become our investment brand and the brand that our staff will be working on, as we are now becoming more of a bank of brands."
When the bank itself became a global brand, RBS became a global brand.
I now say that we are not pursuing global objectives but local objectives.
Each of these brands will be completely different in their own communities and our employees will work with the customers under these brands.
RBS has already said that it will no longer continue its Six Nations sponsorship and that it will increase the visibility of the various brands in its sports sponsorship.
"It is time for us to develop at the bank of the brands, because how do we concentrate inside (we have asked) to make this a better bank for customers?" said the CEO.
It would have been very cynical three years ago if we had said that we would be a great bank for our customers and that these brands would have been launched.
But with our work, the focus on customer needs and not our own, I think we will see many changes.
We can launch these brands again, so I think that the time has come.
Frankie Dettori achieves its 3.000th profit in Newmarket on predilection
Dettori sprays Champagne after a double in Newmarket, bringing him 3 000 profits
On Friday, the Jockey Frankie Dettori secured his 3.000th British profit at Newmarket.
He sat on predilection, which was trained by John Gosden, on his local race track with his second win of the night a milestone.
The 45-year-old Italian is the sixth jockey that reached the milestone in the flat race.
He follows Sir Gordon Richards, Doug Smith, Lester Piggott, Pat Eddry and Willie Carson.
The three winner, Dettori, who won against Ghayyar, said: "It's something special."
I am very emotional because my family is here too.
I am very happy that it has happened in Newmarket, because I arrived here 30 years ago.
It is not a big meeting, it is not Royal Ascot - it's a banal Friday evening with 20,000 people.
I am relieved and very modest.
Dettori starts the Jubel when he gets the victory on predilection
Two Jockeys have reached the milestone in the obstacle race - Jockey Richard Johnson and the retired 20-year-old winner Sir Anthony McCoy, who reached more than 4,300 wins in a record breaking career.
Lester Piggott, the ninth Derbywinner had 4,493 career countries,
Frankie is one of the best jockey of modernity and it is no surprise that he has reached this milestone, which few have reached before him.
He has style and is strong, but it is his tactical intellect, which distinguishes him from the other in the weight control room.
He is a fantastic ambassador for races, his enthusiasm and charisma enthusiastic fans for years for this sport.
I told Frankie a few weeks ago at Epsom that he had already gained 6,000 profits if he were not just a weekend and big tournament!
Frankie has already won almost 30 years in GB, which is great.
He has a lively personality, which is good for a British race, but it is also an incredible jockey.
Frankie Dettori celebrated the milestone with a typical Flying Dismount
From Flying finishes to Flying Dismounts, Frankie Dettori has been the flagship of the British flavor for two decades.
It was nervous.
A series of big tournaments, including his famous "Glorious Sieben" in Ascot in 1996, but he also survived an airplane crash and received a drug ban.
Three years ago, he initially had difficulties when he returned from his six-month block, but he showed an impressive strength to defy his doubts and return to his best form.
And he is not at the end of the day - Dettori once said that he wants to continue in competitions up to his at least 50 years of age.
Russia's Putin boosts Stodief Sergei Ivanov
Russian President Vladimir Putin has unexpectedly sacked his chief chief Sergei Ivanov.
Ivanov was part of Putin for many years.
The 63-year-old was appointed Special Envoy for Environment and Transportation.
In an opinion from the Kremlin, it is that Putin has "ordered the dismissal of Ivanovs from his duties as chairman of the Russian presidential administration."
Anton Vaino, who was Ivanov's deputy since 2012, was appointed to his successor.
Vaino, 44, is a former diplomat.
Born in the Estonian capital Tallinn in 1972, he graduated from the prestigious State of Moscow Institute for International Relations (MGIMO) and worked in the Embassy in Tokyo.
On the Kremlin's website, it says (in Russian) that he was later the head of the head of the head of the government.
He said about his appointment to Putin: "Thank you for your trust."
I think that it is the government's most important task to support your work as head of state regarding draft laws and controls to implement your instructions.
Putin told the Russian TV station on Friday that Ivanov asked to leave his post and recommended Vaino as his successor.
Are the smiling faces convincing?
This step has made Moscow mysterious.
Sergei Ivanov was, for a long time, one of the closest trusted Vladimir Putin and worked as he did for the Soviet secret service, the KGB.
He was one of the most powerful men in the country.
In a meeting with President Putin, which was broadcast on television, both men claimed that the chief chief resigned on his own wish.
But, despite the smile for the cameras, few of them are convinced - especially now, just before the parliamentary elections.
So, is this the result of a sort of power struggle?
Nobody knows that at the moment.
But the official claim - that a man who was once prized as a potential president, would like to direct Russian environmental policy - was skeptical.
In his remarks to Putin quoted on the Kremlin's website, Ivanov said "it is true that I asked you in a conversation at the beginning of 2012 to entrust me with this very complicated post - one could almost say - for four years.
As it turns out, I have been chairman of the Russian presidential administration for four years and eight months.
Ivanov adopted the post in December 2011.
Previously he was Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Defence.
He is a member of the Russian Security Council and a former member of the KGB State Security Service.
In the late 1990" s, when Putin was president of the Federal Security Service (FSB), who replaced the KGB, Ivanov was appointed as his deputy.
When Putin came to power, he called Ivanov as one of five people he trusted most.
It was once assumed that, after Putin's second term of office, Ivanov could become President of Russia, as a third term of office would have violated Putin's constitution.
But this post was taken by another close ally of Putin, Dmitry Medvedev.
Putin became Prime Minister before he became president three and a half years later.
Criminal Minds Star Thomas Gibson fired after producer beat
Last month Gibson took part in a physical dispute on the set of the series in Los Angeles.
ABC Studios and CBS Television Studios, which produce the series, announced in a joint statement his dismissal.
Gibson, who played the Special Agent Aaron Hotchner, publicly apologised on Thursday prior to the announcement of his dismissal.
There were artistic differences and a difference of opinion on the set.
I regret the incident," he said in a communication.
For details on how the character Gibsons comes out of the series that follows a team of FBI agents, they are expected to be released at a later date, according to the opinion of ABC Studios and CBS Television Studios.
The 54-year-old who previously played in the sitcom Dharma & Greg was involved since the first season of the series in 2005.
"I love Criminal Minds and have brought up my entire heart blood over the past twelve years," said Gibson in a communication published on Friday.
I had hoped to be there until the end, but that will no longer be possible.
I would like to thank the authors, producers, actors, our wonderful crew and, above all, the best fans who can only wish for a series.
The planned broadcast of the twelfth season is scheduled to take place on 28 September.
Riddles around fish in the garden in Banff
A inhabitant of Banff called for help in identifying the fish that appeared in his garden in Banff.
Kevin Bain thinks that the 75 fish around Sandaale could be used by a fountain.
Mr Bain, who lives about 500 meters from the sea, published a video of the spectacle in Periscope in the hope that someone could shed light on the appearance of the two customs long fish.
Queensferry Crossing: Bridge now linked to Fife
The £1.35 billion project will be completed by May 2017
Engineers have connected the North deck of the Queensland Crossings with the viaduct - meaning that the bridge is now connected to Fife.
It is the first of four closures of the "cover blowers," which are nearing completion to each of the three towers of the bridge.
The bridge of Fife is now 600 meters long and weighs 30,000 tonnes.
It has 10,000 tons of steel and 20,000 tons of concrete as well as 46 ropes.
The £1.35 billion project will be completed by May 2017.
Minister for Economic Affairs, Keith Brown, visited the site today and was one of the first to go to the bridge.
He said: "This is a historic and symbolic moment in the construction of the Queensland Crossings.
We are all witnesses of an engineering art of a truly great degree to this project with over 30,000 tons of concrete and steel used solely for this part of the bridge.
Despite the massive size and weight of the bridge, the completion of the closure between the viaduct and the bridge deck is a delicate activity requiring extremely precise tolerances for the operation.
In total, almost 79% of the total bridge cks in their place and the last part of the decks are now in Rosyth for the deck, which means that the entire deck is ready to be placed on the bridge.
Michael Martin, project leader of Forth Crossing Bridge Constructors said: "The first closure represents a significant milestone in every bridge project.
In this fantastic project, the closure represents forward-looking high and low construction.
After installation of the last section of the road and its connection to the North Tower deck, we had to close the remaining gap on the north or south side.
This was achieved by dragging the northern feed bridge 700 millimetres south.
This was a massive and, at the same time, very delicate activity.
Because the viaduct is 222 meters long, about 6,000 tonnes and has had to be pulled up at an increase of about 3%.
Delicate, because the tolerances that the team worked on were tiny - on each side, they were only a few millimeters.
Fortunately, everything went very well.
Salvation at Moelfre Bay: Three men have "happiness to be alive"
Three men have "happiness to be alive" after they were thrown off by their fishing boat before Anglesey.
The Moelfre RNLI rescue station beat on Friday at 13: 20 BST alarm, after a crew watched the event in Moelfre Bay.
The three men had difficulty swimming in safety while their boat moved on from their own strength.
"We saw the boat in its vicinity revolted and presented us the worst," said the head of the rescue station of Moelfre Vince Jones.
"Unfortunately, the strong winds have already widened the boat beyond their reach until we left the water," he added.
Two of the men were rescued by a local fisherman, while the third man at the age of 60 was exhausted and found on a Boje with no bailout.
They were all on board the coast rescue boat and were taken back to the rescue station
Mr Jones said: "The three men thrown into the water are lucky and still alive.
The boot engine had an emergency stop, but it caused the boot of the boat from the person who fired the boat.
Someone has woken up today about these men.
Seriously injured - husband on his ex-girlfriend
A man has attacked his ex-girlfriend in Hamburg-Harburg with a knife and seriously injured.
As the police told yesterday, the 50 year old had the key to the apartment to get his personal things.
Instead, the alcoholic perpetrator crushed the clothes of his ex-girlfriend.
When she came into the apartment, he stopped twice on her.
The 44-year-old was injured on the hand and on the body.
The police could arrest the perpetrator.
While the 50 year old destroyed his ex-girlfriend's clothes, he called on his mother.
As a result, he alerted his sister.
Together with her companion, the 45-year-old wanted to reassure her brother.
However, she could not persuade him to leave the apartment.
That's why she went out of the house with her companion.
On the road, they met the woman's ex-Lebrist.
When the two women reprayed the apartment once again, the 50 year old pushed his sister to the side and attacked his ex-girlfriend.
Who is building Braunschweig's cheap apartments?
The SPD and the Group of the Greens/European Free Alliance believe that, in future, investors should be made much more accountable.
How do we react to the bad news that, in the next few years, Braunschweig will lose nearly 1300 cheap apartments?
The SPD proposes a "concept of action" for the next Council meeting.
But dispute is programmed.
First of all, the question is: Who should actually build the cheap apartments?
There is no regulation until now.
SPD group chairman Christoph Bratmann argues: "We are in agreement with the Greens: Those who want to build on urban areas will have to designate 20% of all housing as social housing in the future."
However, the cheap apartments can also be found in the stock.
However, the big point in the city hall is: "How to deal with investors who want to build on private land?"
"We want investors to build at least 10% on such land, but as 20 per cent of housing as social housing."
A new urban housing support programme, which will cost millions and still needs to be financed, is intended to provide incentives.
The problem, Mr Bratmann, said: "There is currently no agreement between the groups."
The CDU wants to make as few regulations as possible for investors.
The Left intends to impose even tougher constraints on investors.
Despite this, Mr Bratmann, the situation is worsening in the housing market.
If the concept of action is implemented, this will ensure additional tasks in the building management.
More staff will be needed.
It is unclear whether we will get the workers.
But the programme is not complete: The around 1260 new apartments, which should be built in any case.
But how do we compensate for the loss of a further 1300 favourable housing, which will be phased out in the next few years?
It will be 500 homes by 2020 alone.
In order to prevent this, the planned spokesperson Nicole Palm, should now be bought out of the city.
Moreover, thought should be given to bringing back homes back to price fixing.
This is possible in the west city.
The problem could be dealt with at a stroke.
This is because, in the West City, deadlines expire at the end of the year.
Around 1800 apartments could be found there back in the price fixing for cheap apartments.
Only the owners, the housing companies, do not want that.
If there is a dramatic increase in the number of social housing in the Western City, the aim of the so-called 'mix' will be removed.
A concentration of social weak in just a few parts of the city should no longer exist.
The Greens expect that there will still be movement in the debate.
Group Chairman Holger Herlitschke argues: "For a broad majority, the CDU must be in the boat."
This has focused on more building sites for single-family houses.
But what does not mean that a compromise cannot be found.
Pokémon Go, a health and happiness hunt that pays
It is fascinating to see how the world is changing.
The fact that teenagers and children are no longer outside the game, but rather prefer to spend their leisure time on screens, has been lamented by many over the past decade.
Pokemon Go is about getting people out of the sofa and getting more active.
The time on the screen was initially limited to TV, then video games and most recently on smartphones.
It is therefore great to see that technology and outdoor activities are not mutually exclusive.
I refer, of course, to the Pokémon Go-Wahn, an app based on the characters that were first created for the video games in the 1990" s (later created as a cartoon series, game cards, and other spin-offs).
Like many phenomena of pop culture, the interest in the United States, Australia and New Zealand began in early July, prior to the release of the game in the United States, Australia and New Zealand.
The market introduction in other countries has been postponed by the massive demand that the servers have congested.
Within days, Pokémon Go had more users than tinder and almost as many as Twitter.
How does it work?
In short, the players, with their smartphones, go out and search for Pokémons, which will be traced with a GPS and, once found, "photographed" (via a screenshot on the mobile phone) or "captured."
A generation that played the game when it was younger, followed the election and jumped for the search of the sofa.
In the US, the game led to a significant increase in the number of steps that the "average" person spends every day.
Cardiogram, an app for Apple Watch, which follows 35,000 users, told the Washington Post recently that within two days of the market launch of the game, the number of persecuted people who train every day 30 minutes, jumped from 45% to 53 per cent.
The company does not know who is playing Pokémon Go - it only provides raw data for performance improvement.
Many public awareness campaigns on health that people want to get "30 minutes of time," "to come from the sofa," and "to be active every day" have fallen on deaf ears, because many public messages are dull for health and come from people who look elend.
However, the importance of sport cannot be exaggerated.
Those who regularly drive sports reduce their chances of being affected by cancer or depression.
Physical exercise helps with weight control, high blood pressure, diabetes and a long list of advantages that are too long to lead them.
But the miracle of Pokémon Go is that it brings people to do something in the open that makes them fun.
Thus, three pillars of health are covered - movement, fresh air and sunshine as well as fun.
Some people even catch new friendships on the hunt.
As always, there are also mürric gamepers, who always have to complain about something.
And yes, someone could go against a door.
What should it be?
There has been a breakthrough.
Even if smartphone apps such as Fitbit had already been able to track our activity earlier, they did not give us any reason to drive sport as it does.
The new will lose its appeal and the use will diminish over time.
However, there will be more games based on poker's success that will unite Apps and virtual reality with the activity in the real world and will help many people in the hunt to be more active, fitter and healthier.
Read Dr. Joes Blog on www.drjoetoday.com
Simone Biles creates gold in the throne
Forget the pressure.
Forget the hype.
Simone Biles is immune to all of this.
Dynamic on the springboard.
Effortless on the bar.
Breathtaking on the ground.
At the same time it is very important.
And now, finally, the Olympic champion.
On Thursday, the 19-year-old American turlady erklom on Thursday for a multi-battle title and enlarged the gap between himself and the rest of the world under the spotlight of the Olympic Games.
Their total score of 62.198 was clearly before the silver medal winner and "Final Five" team of Aly Raisman and the Russian bronze medal winner Aliya Mustafina.
The American women, Simone Biles, turnt on the wavelength during the single campaign of women in the art tournament at the Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro in 2016, Brazil, Thursday.
Biles is the fourth heterosexual American, who wins a multi-battle title and, as a whole, the fifth, while consolidating her reputation to be the best of her generation or even at all.
She broke out in tears when her final result was shown and her long journey came to an end at that moment.
This success brings them to the same league as a unique athlete such as Michael Phelps, who has brought her sports to new heights:
Biles has dominated her sport for the past three years, 15 World Championships - including 10 gold medals - with so amazing exercises that include a mixture of ambition and precision that the 1984 Olympic champion, Mary Lou rescuon, told her that she is "the best turderman I've ever seen."
They expected a final exam in Brazil, a competition that did not go so far between Biles and the rest of the athletes, but rather between her and a load of oversized expectations.
Not returning with a handful of gold back to the family in Spring, Texas, would be seen as disappointment.
The Americans, Simone Biles, left, and Aly Raisman, are outraged after they won gold and silver in the individual campaign of women in the art tournament at the 2016 Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, Thursday, Thursday.
Biles took the first medal on Tuesday, while she served as an exclamation mark at the farewell ceremony of the team coordinator Martha Karolyi in retirement.
Although Biles insisted, during their long journey to the top, never planned to have the future, that is not really true.
Part of its soil exercises - which contain its typical tumbling pass - is linked to Latin American music, which would fit at home on the road outside the Olympic arena in Rio.
It is no coincidence.
This girl, adopted by her grandparents as a small child, and was discovered by trainer Aimee Boorman's mother during a school flight in the gym in which Boorman trained, was put into effect.
Since the summer of 2013, it has no longer lost a competition competition, a series of victories that will continue as long as it wishes.
Even if Mustafina easily led through two rotations, the image drove.
Schwebebalken and Bodenturnen - in which Biles holds the World Championship title - lauded.
She picked up again with 15.433 on the swear bar - and put one on the ground with a 15.933 on the ground.
Raisman embraced them gently when she expected her final result - a pure formality - and tears flowed on Biles shiny red, white and blue Eyeliners, as the vision that she once described in her collection book became reality.
Raisman's performance was a revenge for the last time four years ago, when she fought for third place, but the bronze medal in a Tiebrake went to Mustafina.
This time, the 22 year old team capital called "Oma" by the Americans had a lead.
After her soil exercise, she overthrew the audience, overwhelmed by a comeback, which sometimes appeared doubtful.
As far as Biles is concerned, the rapidly expanding Tweet of the 19-year olds, from the beginning of this week, has a very new meaning:
Police: 3 victims in serial murderment when listening to music in the car
According to the police reports published on Thursday, two women and a 12-year-old girl were shot dead in one of the most deadly attacks for a decade in the first series murder case of Phoenix, while they were in the car and listened to music.
Angela Rochelle Liner, Stefanie R. Ellis and Ellis's daughter Maleah were shot on 12 June, while the car was parked in a trip, the authorities said.
The perpetrator fired eight shots from a handgun gun, while he was on the front-passenger side of the car and then fled with another vehicle, read in the report.
The police said that the triple murder did not appear to be the result of a robbery, because the attacker did not take the handbags or the $2,900 that were in possession of one of the adult victims.
The police spokesman of Phoenix Sgt. Jonathan Howard said that the shooting team led the investigators to take a closer look at whether they are linked to four previous attacks.
In a total of four months, seven people were killed and two more injured in a total of four months in nine attacks.
"It happens in a residential area in front of a house," said Howard of the KHPO, a subsidiary of CBS, at the beginning of the month.
It is assumed that the suspect has used several vehicles, including a brown Nissan from the late 1990" s, a black BMW from the late 1990" s and a white Cadillac or Lincoln.
The investigators refused to disclose the evidence that led them to the conclusion that the attacks were linked and committed by the same murderer.
Ellis, 33, was hospitalized due to her injuries and died later.
Liner, 31, and Ellis daughter Maleah died on site.
A witness told the police that it was not unusual for them to sit in a parked car and listen to music.
The authorities also published a police report on the shooting, which was aimed at an empty pickup push half an hour before the triple murder, and it was assumed that it was the work of the serial killer.
Investigators found cartridges and secured a domicile and spherical fragments from the motor room.
Mother of a 6-year old with microcephalie: "It will be better"
Like most 6-year olds, Edmund Picciuto loves singing, toys and, of course, his mother.
But, like the least of his contemporaries, Edmund's microcephaly, the result of a genetic disorder, did not know his mother Elizabeth Picciuto during her pregnancy.
When he came home for the first time, my first thought was that I didn't do it.
I do not.
I did not agree with that.
What is wrong at all --, of course, one has gone into it," she said.
Her husband Vincent and her was told that Edmund would never be able to see her and that he might not even survive.
Some doctors even went so far that they proposed to institutionalize it.
"My first answer was 'I didn't know that people still do, 'said Picciuto.
Edmund can walk with the help of a walk.
Edmund was unable to sit there until his third year of life and he was still unable to speak.
But it is progressing slowly.
It can run with support and cycling.
He also loves playing and singing with his two brothers.
Elizabeth shows the sign language Edmund for "Please sing me a bit before."
"We bring to him sign language," said Picciuto CBS News.
But it is not a typical sign language -- it says, Edmund has invented some signs on its own.
Microcephaly has a variety of causes: Genetic as in Edmund as well as infections with viruses such as measles or Zikavirus during pregnancy.
The symptoms and predictions can vary greatly.
It is too early to say how it will affect the life of the Zikavirus infected.
Picciuto recalls the emotional price of an uncertain future.
I constantly asked what will happen?
What will happen?
And she still does not really know.
I have not been asking for the forecast for a long time, because I do not expect them to be able to tell me.
But Picciuto has a hopeful tip for mothers of babies with birth damage caused by the Zikavirus.
It will be better.
You know that it will be better for you.
You will love your child and your child will love you.
Heavy rains, flooding in Louisiana, Mississippi
Heavy rainfall and large-scale flooding in Louisiana forced the governor to declare a state of emergency on Friday.
Many rivers in the southeast of Louisiana and the south of the Mississippis flooded their shores and threatened with large-scale flooding after extreme rainfall, reported the national weather service.
The Governor of Louisiana John Bel Edwards announced that government officials are in permanent contact with the local authorities and are already on the way to the municipalities concerned.
Mike Steele, a spokesperson for the Office of Homeland Security and Emergency Preparedness of the Board of Governors, announced that the requests for flood vehicles, boats and sand bags were raised.
Steele said that the municipality of Tangipahoa would have requested ten thousand sand bags.
A flood warning system is used throughout the south of Louisiana until Saturday.
The weather service announced that there could be an additional 3 to 5 inches of rain in this area.
In the south of Alabama, a flood early warning system was used on Friday, while in the Mobile area it was still raining.
The Comite River near Baton Rouges and the Amite River near Denham Springs, both in Louisiana, are likely to reach record levels over the weekend.
The Metereologist Alek Krautmann says that both rivers could flood many houses in the suburban areas near Baton Rouge.
He also said that a downward flooding in Ascension Parish is a danger, as it will only slowly flow into Lake Maurepas over the rivers that have occurred.
The River Tickfaw, south of the Mississippi state border in Liverpool, Louisiana, reached the highest level at 09.00 on Friday, which has ever been recorded.
Rescue teams still plunged people from the flood water in the districts of Amite and Wilkinson in the south-west of Mississippi.
Leroy Hansford, his wife and his stepson were among those who were saved on Friday near Gloster.
Hansford, 62, says that water from Beaver Creek, which is usually more than 400 feet away from his house, rose sharply overnight.
He said that he would have warned him another stepson, who lives close.
"We have woken up and flooded the water," said Hansford.
It reached my waist.
His wife told Hansford that she had never seen such a high level of the river in the 48 years in which she lived there.
Hansford said that he and his family members would have all disabilities and would be the only one who could swim.
Hansford said that Nothelfer had saved all three in a large military truck and brought them to the next fire guard in Gloster, where they were housed until Friday.
Krautmann said that the flooding had "rapidly spread," since heavy rains continued and that the authorities were considering evacuation instructions.
According to Krautmann, an observer reported close to Livingstone from midnight to Friday morning of 13.75 inches.
Krautmann said that the soil had been heavily insulated by the rainfall since Wednesday.
The authorities said that heavy rainfall and road flooding caused the rescue of residents from their homes in Tangipahoa Parish and school failures in five school districts.
The CBS subsidiary WWL reported that an associate in Tangipahoa gave up 200 houses flooded.
The inhabitants were evacuated into two churches that have now been flooded.
The head of the municipality of Robby Miller said that the authorities had saved 72 people and seven pets strained by flooding.
In the cities of Amite and Hammond, emergency accommodation has been set up to accommodate the evacuees.
"As soon as the water starts going back, they will be able to return to their homes," he said.
In the town of Hammond the municipality of Tangipahoa, almost two dozens of roads were closed due to the flood and sand bags were provided to the residents for taking part, hoping to keep the water from their homes and shops.
"The last major flooding we had was in March," said Lacy Landrum from the City Council.
This seems to be a similar event.
In Mississipp, the emergency manager Rupert Lacy of the Harrison Countys said that it was still raining on the Gulf Coast.
According to his data, a handful of houses have been reported to be flooded on Thursday, but none of this has been reported on Friday.
Keith Townson, Manager at Shopper Value Foods in Amite, has lived in the area for 40 years.
"I saw water in places where I never saw it before," said Townson, "and it still comes."
Mahaj Brown, 6, "stripped of balls," survives shooting in Philadelphia
The police announced that the 6-year-old boy was shot in Philadelphia this week, the second time that a 6-year-old child was shot.
The grandparents of the boy identified him as Mahaj Brown for CBS Philadelphia.
The grandparents said that Brown suffered several shooting injuries, including in the Lending, Bein, arm and belly, but that he was aware of his transport into the hospital.
"He has gone through a lot, his small body was pierced by balls," said his grandmother Delores Melendez to the transmitter.
I simply cannot believe that.
The state of the boy was classified as critical in a hospital and had to undergo several operations.
The boy's family told the transmitter that it was expected to be recovered again.
It should have started the first class in a local primary school.
Brown was one of four people shot in Germantown.
Three men were also shot: Two at the age of 29 and a 32 year old.
One of the 29-year-old men is in a critical state; the other two victims are in a stable state, according to CBS Philadelphia.
The boy was found on the front seat of a car together with the 29-year-old, who is in a critical condition, shot up, reports the transmitter.
The other two victims were not in the car and the police were investigating whether it could be among the injured men of the perpetrators.
Investigators shared CBS Philadelphia with the fact that it seems to have been a crossfire between several guards.
Patron sleeves for storms, which have been traced back to various Storm rifles, have topped the scene.
It seems that this has clearly been an ongoing battle.
On the road, on both sides of the walk, Hülsen were.
It seems that there have been several armed fighters who have been very active," said police officer Anthony Ginaldi of the police in Philadelphia.
Several houses and vehicles have also been made in the area.
There has been no arrests and the police are reportedly reviewing the surveillance video.
On Tuesday, another 6-year-old girl was hit at the arm by a torturer when she played in front of her house in the residential area of West Oak Lane.
They are recovering and the police are still looking for a suspect.
Why we need Simone, Gabby and Laurie
That is what I see under the Women's Olympics in the tower, and that for more than one reason.
First of all, I have been here since 1984 at every summer Olympics and the US has never been so dominant.
And secondly, this team has three turners, Simone Biles, Gabby Douglas and Lauren "Laurie" Hernandez, which inspired many young girls of other skin colour.
The structure of this team, the Aly Raisman, who is the Jüdin, and Madison Kocian, who is Catholicin, makes everyone proud.
This team finally reflects the US.
It has reinforced the black and hispanic female presence at the top of this sport.
In the last four years, the number one among female turners has been an African-American.
Last year, Simone and Gabby were # 1 and # 2.
This shows strength.
At the last Olympic Games, Gabby Douglas was hailed by a surprising Olympic winner and America.
Now the world has been able to witness the incredible performance of the three World Championships Simone Biles, Douglas and Laurie Hernandez, as they provided unexpected, yet mastery gymastics routines.
On Thursday, Simone became the fourth, heterosexual American, who won gold at an individual multi-contest event for women.
Team member Aly Raisman won silver.
We see the top of this sport, but this is not the way to see tournament classes in the whole country.
Simone, Gabby and Laurie suggested all the same way as Aly and Madison to create it into the Olympic team.
They are the "last five," because the next Olympic team will only have four turners in the team, and this is the last year with Marta Karolyi as a trainer.
But the reality is that Turnen is an expensive sport and turner in the first place in private tournaments that are maintained by parents who pay for the training, installation, travel clothing, competition and hotel costs (for the trainers and their turner and families).
The majority of these clubs are in affluent suburbs that can support business.
In these clubs the Turner will receive all their training and this is an expensive and long-term commitment for the families.
Aimee Boorman, trainer of Simone Biles, and Maggie Haney, trainer of Laurie Hernandez, have both trained their athletes since they started with the tower.
We need to provide the communities with countless, young girls inspired by Simone, Gabby and Laurie, to provide more efficient and accessible training.
I set up my 20 years of tournament foundation.
During my events, we offered free and affordable Turnen in Harlem for more than 15,000 urban young people (mainly black and Hispanic) and trained national and international winners.
In September, we will be expanding to Detroit (my hometown) in order to offer young people high quality gymnastics that deserve the opportunity to learn and benefit from this great Olympic sport.
Turnen develops strength, flexibility and coordination for the body as well as hard work, discipline and determination for the spirit.
This combination offers life-long benefits for health and for school and professional success.
It is the inspiration of this team, who bring thousands of young girls to be interested in the tower and that is great.
It is so important to participate in sport, especially for girls.
This is such an exciting time.
Thanks to Simone, Aly, Laurie, Gabby and Madison for this real presentation of "Girl Power" by the Holen of the Olympic team gold and thank you so many young girls with different backgrounds motivated to start their way to become healthy, strong and successful young women.
Assistant doctors would like to organize more strikes after rejecting Jeremy's proposal
Ministers had hoped to end the dispute over the amendments by adopting a reformed Treaty with the officials of the British Medical Association, but 58 per cent of the 37.000 assistants who voted in an election rejected him.
In July, Hunt revealed plans to introduce the treaty and said that the NHS would be in a "no-land country" and that any further delay would be harmful to employees and patients.
The first assistants are to receive a new contract that contains changes to night and weekend packages to improve care at a time of time.
Dr Ellen McCourt, the president of the BMA Committee for Assistants, announced last night in a communication: "Assistants have serious concerns about the proposed Treaty, in particular that it will fuel the current workforce crisis and do it to treat all doctors in a fair way."
For only eight weeks left until the first group of doctors falls under the new Treaty, progress must be made and time is running out.
Efforts on the part of BMA to resolve the disputes by talking to the government for reluctance to participate and sometimes deafening silence.
This was the promise made by Jeremy Hunt only last month that his door would always be open.
"Jeremy Hunt must act now, lift the effort and raise the concerns of the assistants."
If he fails to do so, the assistant doctors have made it clear that they are prepared to carry out further industrial action.
The last strike at the end of April saw a postponement of nearly 13,000 routine operations and 100,000 dates, as nurses and specialists were involved to provide coverage to physicians on the strike chain.
Ministers had hoped to end the dispute over the amendments by adopting the reformed Treaty with the functionaries of the British Medical Association.
BMA wants to have a better week-end pay for the 54,000 assistants who will be subject to the contract.
Daniel Mortimer, Director General of the NHS staff, asked the assistants to stop the strike.
Mortimer said: "Measures of industrial action have nothing to do with little, but already burdensome teams and service providers and prepare patients, carers and their families only of concern, need and interruption."
Over the past two months, we have spoken to the Committee of Assists and have responded positively with the Ministry of Health and other ministries to the concerns about the guardians and the whistleblowings.
Employers hoped that continued positive engagement on other important issues - such as posting, flexibility in training, additional training for those returning from a career, training, mutual recognition of the curriculum, training leave and the gender pay gap in medicine - were a sign of how seriously the employers, the Health Education England and the Ministry of Health were concerned about compliance with BMA in November, February and May.
£2 per day medicine, which can reduce the risk of heart attacks
Thousands of heart attack patients will benefit from £2-per day medicine, as recommended by the authorities to provide more people for a longer period of time.
The ginning agent Ticagrelor reduces the risk of repeated heart attacks for people with cardiac disease.
The drug is administered for 12 months after a heart attack, reducing the risk of a stroke or another heart attack.
NICE of the NHS has recommended a four-year intake to further reduce the risk of cardiovascular problems.
NICE of the NHS has recommended a four-year intake to further reduce the risk of cardiovascular problems.
Some 140,000 people suffer a heart attack every year and a quarter of them suffer another heart attack or a stroke.
Heart attacks and strokes are caused by the collection of fatty material in the arterial walls, which form a bellow.
When the surface is broken, it can cause a blood cloak that clots the blood flow to the heart, causing a heart attack.
If the blood cloak solves, it can flow through the bloodstream and clog blood flow to the brain, causing a stroke.
People who have already had a heart attack are subject to a higher risk.
Ticagrelor, produced by the British company AstraZeneca and marketed under the trade name Brilique, reduces this risk by making the formation of blood clocks less likely.
The NICE, published today, recommends a 12-month intake of 90mg Ticagrelor, followed by 60mg with a twice daily intake of aspirin for the next three years.
Professor Carole Longson, Director of the NICE Health Technology Assessment Centre said: "In spite of the availability of secondary prevention, a quarter of all those who have suffered a heart attack have another heart attack or a stroke - often with disastrous consequences."
Fear of a renewed heart attack may have significant negative effects on the quality of life of a person.
Experience shows that in combination with aspirin, Ticagrelor is effective in reducing further heart attacks and strokes with people who have already had a heart attack.
With a preliminary recommendation from Ticagrelor, we are pleased that we are able to extend available treatment options to thousands of people who can benefit from it.
The information on the effectiveness and safety of Ticagrelor, especially the risk of blood, is limited to a period of up to three years, and the draft loan does not recommend treatment that goes beyond this period.
Political Correctness culture boosts electoral fraud in Muslim areas
Former Mayor of Tower Hamlets Lutfur Rahman was removed from office last year on the basis of a government report on corruption.
A culture of political correctness has caused widespread electoral fraud in Muslim communities to be knowingly ignored, as demonstrated by a devastating government report today.
The former cabinet member, Sir Eric Pickles, speaks verbally to the police, election observers, and town halls for ignoring evidence of electoral abuse on the basis of "hypersensitivity to ethnie and religion."
The former Minister for Integration and Local Government, who is now an anti-corruption king, said that the intimidation of voters from religious motives would be so bad that the police should be allowed to establish lock-outs outside of ballot boxes to protect intimidated voters.
He recommends that voters should lead a card to demonstrate their identity in elections.
At the moment, a voters must only call his name and address.
The report proposes that non-removable inks be put on the finger of a person when they vote in order to prevent someone from electing twice.
Whistleblower should receive more protection, says Sir Eric.
It calls for the press to have more access to municipal documents and decisions from non-official commentary or working groups.
"This is not only against electoral fraud, but is also intended to protect the local government from the broader culture of corruption and financial fraud that goes hand in hand with it," he said.
The report was ordered by Downing Street as a consequence of the Tower Hamlet electoral scandal in East London.
Last year, a special election court decided that the current mayor, Lutfur Rahman, should be removed from his office after a litany of corrupt and illegal practices.
The court found that Rahman had "cynically perverted" the religious feelings of his Muslim community, and that he would have silenced his critics with racism and Islamophobia.
Rahman is supposed to "have led his campaign on the basis that it is the religious duty of Muslims to elect him."
Up to 300 votes were either doubtful or the consequence of a imitation in which one person elects as someone else.
Sir Eric said that there was evidence of fraud across the country.
In particular, he expressed an alarming view of the fraudulent selection of letters - in which older members of the Muslim community would have put pressure on people to elect a candidate of their choice.
Sir Eric, drawn up, made several recommendations to clean the electoral system, including the use of cards to demonstrate identity.
In his report, it says: 'The proof has been shown that pressure has been exerted on vulnerable members of certain ethnic minorities, particularly women and young people, to vote in accordance with the will of the elderly, in particular communities with Pakistani or bangling background.
"There were concerns that... state institutions would knowingly ignored such behavior on the basis of "politically correct" hypersensitivity to ethnie and religion."
Sir Eric talked about 50 recommendations to clean up the system, including the ban on political activists working out post-ballot papers to stop "election harvests."
The report, which is being considered by Theresa May, also calls for tougher registration checks in order to prevent the electoral register being used for immigration and social fraud.
Consider options to ask voters before the election after your identity.
Do not use removable ink on the finger of a person as soon as she has given her voice to prevent someone from electing twice.
To carry out systematic reviews of a person's nationality in order to ensure that they are entitled to vote.
A three-year limit to requests for automatic mail selection.
Ban on political activists working in full letter elections and envelopes.
Give the police the power to set up barriers to polling stations.
A change of law to facilitate charges of intimidation in accordance with the Representation of the People Act 1983 (Law of the People's Law in 1983).
Ban on photography in electoral stations.
Requirement that only English should be used in the voting stations (except Wales).
Intensifying the training in order to ensure that employees get the rule that voters go to the ballot box on their own.
Sir Eric falls on the Metropolitan Police and finds it "amazing," that after the Tower of Hamlet, no criminal display has been filed.
"The election court ruled Lutfur Rahman and his deputy for a litany of corrupt and illegal practices," he said.
It was found guilty for a number of reasons, in accordance with the high standards of criminal law.
He also criticizes the ineffective "Abhakchecks" of the electoral registration departments of the town halls.
Sir Eric said: "The judgment in Tower Hamlets last year was a warning signal.
Our country, as the mother of the parliaments, has a proud heritage, but the worrying and covert spread of electoral fraud and denial of some authorities is threatening this good reputation.
Crazy for Kates Radler-doublier and other famous double workers in Rio
Fans of the 2016 Olympics in Rio have ended this week with the French cyclist Pauline Ferrand-Prevot, who has proven to be an impressive duke of the Herzogin of Cambridge.
But the 24 year old Olympionic is by far not the only one to fight gold, which has its own famous double worker - at least not if you are allowed to believe the social media.
In honour of the Olympic Games in Rio and all the famous faces at the time on our screens, FEMAIL has drawn up a list of Olympionics that have more than a certain similarity with Hollywood famines.
The hunter and the wolf: Team member of the US team in Ararchery Brady Ellison, left, has been compared with Leonardo DiCaprio since his childhood.
Apart from Kates doubleroger on the bicycle track, many people on the internet pointed out how a certain archery of the twin of A-Promi Leonardo DiCaprio could be.
The team member of the US team in the archery of Brady Ellison caused a rush on Twitter after images on which he sees the Wolf of Wall Street Star unsecretly resemble.
In fact, the archers got the madness in the social media and admitted that he had already heard since his childhood that he looks like Leo.
"I don't see a great similarity, with the exception of facial hair," said Brady of the Huffington Post.
"He is a good-looking guy, so I think it is a compliment."
One of the most popular comparisons since London in 2012 will undoubtedly focus more on this year: The onerous similarity between the British Weiltspringer Greg Rutherford and the popular actor Neil Patrick Harris.
The Russian Turner Aliya Mustafina, with its large, expressive eyes, is to be able to go through as a double worker for the Cuban American singer Gloria Estefan.
And in the swimming pool, the South African swimmer Cameron van der Burgh has been compared with Star Matthew Morrison for years.
One thing higher: This user believes that Nathan is the "athletic version" of the Inception actor.
Another persisting comparison was drawn between the tennis star Rafael Nadal and actor Josh Hartnett, who has similar eyebrows and lips.
The Russian silver medal swimming in Yulia Efimova has more than just the sun-tanned skin and blonde hairs like the actress Annalynne McCord, while the American Nathan Adrian was attested by fans to the same "athletic version of Joseph Gordon Levitt."
Strong women: Football star Hope Solo, left, and Dexter actress Jennifer Carpenter, right, have a similar facial form and eyes
Not the only thing: A Twitter user was very happy that others also noticed the similarities
Theory in the room: According to this user, there may be a reason for the similarity of the couple.
A Twitter-Userin explained their satisfaction that "the rest of the Internet thinks that Hope Solo and Jennifer Carpenter are almost identical."
Indeed, the US football star Hope Solo and the Dexter actress Jennifer Carpenter have an incredibly similar facial form and eyes.
Other popular comparisons include Kerri Walsh-Jennings and her smile, which is almost identical to that of actress Laura Linney, as well as the gold medal winner in the Turnen Gabby Douglas, which has its own wonderful, broad smile, which is similar to that of Bring It On Star Gabrielle Union.
CBC commentator for the Olympic Games apologies his statement that Chinese floats "died as a pig"
Byron Macdonald's analysis of the fourth place of the 14-year old Ai Yanhan at dr 4x200m outdoor squadron squandered spectators of the CBC live transfer of the Olmypic Games on Wednesday
The Canadian transmitter CBC had to apologize after one of his commentators said that the 14-year-old Chinese float was "like Mief," and during the race as "a pig died."
The commentator Byron MacDonalds thought that his microphone was switched off when he gave his own opinions at the end of the 4x200m free movement squadron.
Macdonald, who was brought to the commentary team of the CBS on board to give more "color," could be heard: "This small 14-year-old Chinesin has lost the connection, Baby."
Too excited, went as Mief, died like a pig.
Thank you for that.
The Chinese float in Ai Yanhan, 14, swept the second stage of the swimming squadron 1: 57.79 - 1.61 seconds more slowly than Canada's Taylor Ruck, allowing the Canadians to fill the gap with China.
Viewers across Canada quickly reacted online after they were shocked by the tone and language of the language.
Emmett Macfarlane tweete, "Has the CBC commentator just said that the 14-year-old swimmer from China "like a pig died"???
The Idiot did not realize that they were still on show."
Ai Yanhan from China has been described as follows: "This small 14-year-old Chinesin has lost the connection, baby."
Follow the criticism of Byron MacDonald on Twitter.
Twitter users did not go back when they heard how insensitive Byron MacDonald was
Another Twitter user, Sarah Paradis, wrote: "WoW, # ByronMacDonald.
You represent CBC and Canada and let us all look like racists.
A short time later, Scott Russel, who moderated the CBC programme, apologized for MacDonald's comment and said: "We apologize that the comment on a swimming power was broadcast."
It was an unfortunate wording, and we are sorry that it has happened."
At the end of the year, CBC apologized to the people who responded to the information on Twitter
Scott Russel's commentator has had to apologize on behalf of MacDonald.
CBC copied and added his apology to more than 90 other Twitter users who complained about MacDonald's comments
The network also apologized quickly and issued a communication.
We sincerely regret that these statements have been made and that it has been possible for them to be broadcast.
Last night we apologized to our spectators on show and our folklore in the social media.
To make one clear, Byron's comments related to the performance of swimmers and not to them as person.
However, they were inappropriate and an unfortunate wording, and Byron is very tired of what he said.
On Thursday afternoon, MacDonald apologized in the programme and tried to justify his comment by saying that it was not his intention to be interpreted as a personal attack.
"I would like to take a moment to apologize for the comment that I made after the feminine squadron at the CBC Olympic event, he said.
"I have been referring to the performance of the swimmers and not to them as a person."
Of course no contempt was intended and I am very sorry."
Purchasers in Primark outraged about women who are shamelessly tried in the shop
The buyers did not know where they should go, when a woman pulled her clothes in the middle of a Primart to try underhoses.
In order to exacerbate the situation, it was mustening it, as it looked at it, and put it back into the shelf.
She went further and tried four pairs of Unterhosen in a shop in the Bouverie Place shopping centre in Folkestone.
The Primark shop in Bouverie Place shopping centre in Folkestone, where the woman tried the underhoses before she put it back into the shelf
A mother of two children, Jenny Davidson, who was at the store at the same time, said that after the mysterious woman had tried the underwear, "she went back and left the shop without buying anything."
She said: "People could not believe what they saw."
In the middle of the sales area she took a pair of underwear out of the outlay, pulled her own tights and trousers and tried her.
"It didn't even try to find a more discreet place to do it - it was simply there, frech as Oskar."
"Everyone starred when she withdrew the underhoses, who apparently did not like it, as she put it back into the shelf."
She repeated the same with three other underhoses before she finally decided that she had not liked anything, went back and went out.
"They did not seem to disrupt it, that they watched someone - or think about the person who, in some circumstances, would buy the underhoses that it had tried to do."
Mrs Davidson, 33, who lives in Kent, said: "How reluctant to think that someone would take home who had had another person and who were not washed."
The event occurred on Tuesday afternoon.
Mrs Davidson added: "As I have heard, the employees have tried to pull the clothes out of the sale after they went - which is just as good."
"I would hate to go home with a new pair of underhoses and find out that another woman had her and withdrew her and she was not washed."
A spokesman of Primark said: "Primark is the event that took place on Tuesday, 9 August at our branch in Folkstone."
All products in question were withdrawn from the sale.
Protecting Krav Maga against arms attacks
The world outside is a dangerous place, but this video of Dailymail.com could make it more secure for you.
We spoke with Rhon Mizrachi, a grandmaster of the Krav Maga Association in New York, to find out how to deal with armed robbers at close distance.
Regardless of whether you are approaching you from the front or back, this video will show you how to rotate the spider for your robber.
If you are approaching you from the back, then you should turn around, so that you can see your attacker and "get out of the line," says Mizrachi.
Take the weapon between your front arm and your shoulder before turning into the face with your free elbows.
Then beat him down with the knee and turn, while the attacker collapses before pain, the weapon is out of his hands.
For attackers approaching from the front, the technique is similar - move your body out of the line, take the gun and turn it away, so that the attacker cannot shoot.
At the same time, shift the weight to the weapon and beat the attacker to the chest, then turn the gun out of its grip before moving backwards and put the gun on it.
Is it difficult?
See the video to see exactly how Mizrachi pretends.
But remember that a robbery is the safest to transfer your money - unless you are a Krav Maga Grand Master.
Traveller Ian Wright scaled his tongue at the dirty places of Europe for a travel guide
A British traveler underwent a serious investigation of his immune system and the wormhole - by leaving some of Europe's dirtiest and most secretive places.
The presenter and traveler Ian Wright, 51, from Suffolk, drove his course on a Euro ticket, a banker at the Piccadilly Circus, a flop of a train toilet and a public phone in Russia to demonstrate the resilience of his immune system.
Before the end of each object, he used a luminometer to show himself and us to show what he is going to do.
But the experiment that was filmed under the title "The Lickhiker's Guide to Inner Strength" brought some surprising results to light.
The idea of filling the flush of a train toilet, which has already been used by thousands of others, may be totally repulsive, but in fact there are more bad bacteria in a kitchen sink.
On his journey through Europe, Mr Wright spoke to doctors and medical professionals about the promotion of colorectal bacteria and his own health.
Fortunately, nothing left him, more than a bad aftertaste in the mouth.
Mr Wright was known to test the resilience of his intestine by riding roughshod over the world and enjoying unique and wonderful things.
From public chants to stations to flush heads of toilets, the mission has definitely put his immune system under a test
In the film he told: "As a child I was relatively unconcerned about my health and I put all sorts of things in my mouth, earth, worms and mud water."
In the film, he was in any case fair to his reputation.
The only thing he opposed was a loud public toilet in Russia.
His sample showed a luminaire number of more than 4000 units.
In comparison, the luminometers of freshly washed hands are less than 60.
But there was a Russian toilet that he refused to eat, after its luminometometers were more than 4000 units, while freshly washed hands have one of less than 60.
Mr Wright and the Finnish producer of dairy products Valio produced the travel film "The Lickhiker's Guide to Inner Strength," which shows the number of bacteria in various places such as the bathroom
In the film he says: "That comes close to the worst thing I have in a toilet."
There is nothing more dirty than that!
I will do nothing about this, because it is urgent in this respect.
"The Lickhiker's Guide to Inner Strength" was produced in collaboration with the Finnish producer of dairy products Valio.
The company provides Mr Wright with Valio Battilus, which contains both lactic acid bacteria and vitamin C and D in order to support the promotion of colorectal bacteria and the immune system.
Valios Senior Venice President for snacks, juices and new categories Niko Vuorenmaa says: "We wanted to offer consumers really something new.
Something that is fascinating for viewing and, at the same time, explaining the advantages of probiotics.
We carried out crazy brainstormings that ended that we said "Let us call Ian."
They claim that the interest in colorectal health will become a global phenomenon
Instead of just talking about the products, we wanted to place them in a wider context - the good and bad bacteria in our everyday environment, the importance of colorectal health and how it is linked to the immune system.
The growing interest in colorectal health is a global phenomenon and with the documentary we have been able to provide consumers with more information in an interesting way.
I also think that the film shows that we have a great sense of humour!
Tom HAKALA, who directed the film, added: "Let me say so - I would have lost my respect for Ian, if he had leaned some of the things I ordered him to lick, like the ecelastic Russian toilet that is shown in the film."
Of course, there were things in which it was easier to get Ian to try them and others where it was rather difficult.
I am glad that we have included some of these delicious leaks on film."
In a survey carried out by Valio in 2015, 84% of all respondents associated with Milk acid bacteria, in particular with the well-being of stomach and intestinal and 58 percent, said that at least occasionally they use products containing attached milk-acid bacteria.
Asocial family destroys social housing in Saltash, Cornwall
An asocial family left their social housing after a delogation of £50,000, because they terrorized their neighbors.
Tanya Skeldon and her partner Shaun Trebilcock were thrown after a long list of complaints from her property in Saltash, Cornwall.
After they were forcibly removed from their property, shocked employees of the Housing Cooperatives found property in an irreparable state of affairs.
The walls had clad holes, wooden panels were thrown up, rubbish was dispersed on the floor and graffiti was reduced to the walls.
The family has been relocated and it is assumed that it now lives in a private housing
Donna McEvoy, who works for the house administration at Cornwall Housing, said she feared that the apartment was no longer to be repaired.
She said: "It was an absolute nightmare for people here, and I believe that people do not have to live in this way.
There are many things to take into account, as this property will probably be regarded as not so beautiful part of Cornwall.
The family is notorious and its reputation is also known.
The couple had three sons, who lived in the apartment in the meantime, and the police said that the terror inflicted on the family, street battles with baseball clubs, intimidation of residents, drug abuse, drug trafficking and excessive cries, disputes and flights.
Skeldon, 47, whose name was on the rental contract, received an order for antisocial behavior in June.
In some of the premises of the House which will be torn down, old garbage has been found
In the property in which drugs were traded in the past, the wood panels were opened up
Neighbors said that they had to fight them on the street and called on the police to be called on a regular basis.
Cornwall Housing delogated her and her partner this week forcibly from the property after giving them an extended period of 11 weeks to leave voluntarily.
The delogation has been applauded by facilitated neighbors who said that their lives were made to hell.
One said: "They didn't care about anyone."
We lived for 20 years besides them and it was always bad.
The countless times we are saying to the police are incredible.
"We could not sleep this morning."
We stood up because it was so quiet here - we are not accustomed!
Now that they are at last, it will be nice.
Adam Fitzpatrick, Neighbourhood Enforcement Manager of Cornwall Housing, said that the family had failed to cooperate with local authorities.
The family lived in the house at which the police were called at regular intervals, for 20 years
Rubbish and old toys were thrown down on the overgrown side of the municipal house.
He added: "It is a disgrace that the tenant failed to accept any responsibility for their behavior and that of their family, since a delogation is always the last step that Cornwall Housing takes into account.
This was a very difficult case, because the behaviour had been extreme and that their actions had to be terrible for their neighbours.
I appreciate all the work done by my team, the police of Devon and Cornwall, as well as members of the community who have been courageous and have provided us with the information.
I hope that this development will give comfort to some neighbours and will send the message that anti-social behaviour will not be tolerated.
Fitzpatrick said that all three sons had lived in the house at different times, but that they are all over 20.
A single mattress left on the floor in one of the house's bedrooms after delogation
Household management workers will now have to remove rubbish mountains surrounded by the house
In 2014 the police carried out a Razzia in the house and found over 70g cannabis as well as scales, parapaphernals and cash amounting to £1,700.
Skeldon received a fine after she found himself guilty of the possession of a class B drug.
She claimed that the money was a tombstone of her son Lee Skeldon, who died in a car accident in 2013.
After they were absent, Tanya and her partner are now living in a private accommodation in Plymouth.
Many of the room's walls were painted with graffiti.
The police says that it will delogate tenants that do not comply with the domestic order
Angela Crow of the Devon and Cornwall police said that the delogation was a clear warning to the other tenants who do not keep to the house code.
"This goes to those who think that they can behave without self-charge and those who have been harmed by such behavior," she said.
The Devon and Cornwall police will never tolerate criminal and anti-social behavior that will continue to work with partners to protect our communities.
Tourists to panic in Portugal after a military jet flying over
Sunbeters in Aveiro, Portugal, experienced the shock of their lives
A portuguese P-3C Orion Air Force Air Force set an incredible flash flight
The Air Force stated that it was on a training flight but insisted that there was no safety risk
This was the moment when frightened tourists started to panic after a tieffy jet crashed over a full beach.
Dramatic video recordings showed how the military aircraft flew almost within reach of the sunbeds on the beach in Aveiro in the north of Portugal.
The holidaymakers jumped up when they were understandably beginning to worry about the noise of the jet engines, without first seeing what the clouds had on them.
The incident occurred yesterday afternoon in Costa Nova, near Aveiro.
Daniel Fernandes, one of the many holidaymakers who posted videos about the dramatic fly-by in the social media, said: "It was really very bad twice, and there was a moment when it looked like it would crash."
Nuno Arroja added: "I was just on the surf and it felt as if the plane came down to me."
Tourists on the beach of Aveiro were panicked when the plane came out of the darkness and unexpectedly flew.
The Portuguese Air Force today announced that the pilot of the P-3C Orion aircraft was on a training flight to identify fishing boats off the coast and to fly so deeply that this was the only way to detect them.
The spokesman said that the jet was somewhat deeper than usual due to poor visibility, but the air forces insisted that safety was at no time at risk.
This summer, land fires destroyed parts of the Portuguese mainland, which also led to the death of four people on the island of Madeira.
The Portuguese Air Force today announced that the pilot had to fly so deeply because of the conditions - strong fog and fire smoke - which was limited to his view
The aircraft was on a training flight where the pilot had to identify fishing boats as part of the exercise.
Supercup: Barca with concerns about Seville
Seville - The FC Barcelona is fighting for the first win in the new football season on Sunday.
The Catalans compete in the Duell for the Spanish Supercup against the FC Sevilla, the back game rises three days later at Camp Nou.
The Doublegewinner must give up in the balance of power with the subordinate Cupfinalists and the ruling Euro--League-Champion among others in Neymar, who contest the Olympic football tournament with Brazil.
In addition, Goalie Marc-Andre is also missing.
In the course of the training, the German suffered a change of body dust in the knee, thus, at least for the time being, the enquiry at Barca has been settled for the benefit of Claudio Bravo.
The Chilean International and Ter Stats have been competing for the status as number one in Barcelona for two years.
Coach Luis Enrique left to a clear decision in this respect so far and left Bravo in the league, but Ter Stats in most other competitions.
Before the first penny game of the new season, the Spanish champion doubts the fitness of the team that was humiliated on Saturday in a test game of Liverpool with 0: 4.
Also at 3: 2 in Probegalopp against Sampdoria on Wednesday, Lionel Messi and Co.
Seville, in turn, has to digest the 2: 3 defeat after prolongation in the European Supercup against Real Madrid and aspire to the second triumph of the "Supercopa de Espana."
Barcelona is a record winner in this contest with eleven successes so far.
Ma Long in a dedicated league to table tennis gold
Rio de Janeiro - The Chinese Ma Long is the new tennis-Olympic champion.
The 27-year-old defeated his compatriot and "title defender" Zhang Jike 4: 0 (12.5.4.4) on Thursday in Rio de Janeiro.
The world's first "Golden Grand Slam" won the "Golden Grand Slam" with World Cup, World Cup, World Tour-Finalturnier and Olympia.
Bronze went to the Japanese Jun Mizutani.
The two Chinese have succeeded in the final game as expected and made the title among themselves.
It was clear that, for the third time in succession, a Chinese would get the single title in the sign of the five rings.
Last non-Chinese on the top Olympic stairway was the former SVS-NÖ-Legionaire Ryu Seung-Min from South Korea.
Ma and Zhang were left to the plate on their own, between the sentences and for time-outs they had no Coaches in themselves.
They had withdrawn from the gallery and left their contestants on their own in a fair competition.
"I played the matches here for my country."
"In the final I play for myself," Zhang said.
After the game, gold and silver medal won the Chinese flag.
The match itself was unexpectedly one-sided.
Ma had to fight with his 28-year-old opponent only in the first sentence.
After that, he set the pace at the record and left Zhang on a total of 13 points.
The superiority of Ma is not the expected playing match.
But, nonetheless, there were plenty of breath-taking ball changes.
Mizutani won the match against the 40-year-old Vladimir Samsonov 4: 1.
In his quarterfinal against the German Europameister Dimitrij Ovtcharov, the Belarussians had pulled an rib injury, after that was in medical treatment, "ultimately" had to be content with sheet metal.
By the way, the Swedes Jan-Ove (38/2004) and Jörgen Persson (42/2008) have been in the same high Table tennister Olympia.
Donald Trump admits massive problems in the election campaign
The leadership of the US Republicans is plagued by massive worries, even in traditionally conservative states, to lose their majority.
Presidential candidate Donald Trump has now admitted weaknesses in his election campaign in the former Republican stronghold of Utah.
A rare moment in which the usually large and self-assured multimillionaire said something like concern, as correspondents reported.
After having thrown 16 rivals within his own Republican camp out of the race, doubts about his success in the battle for the White House are now growing.
"We have huge problems in Utah," said Trump before evangelical Christians that he asked for support in important states such as Ohio, Florida, or Virginia.
To blame are the false reports of his candidacy, he reinstated his well-known media.
Wackening Republican strongholds
Utah is usually a safe bank for the Republicans.
According to a survey conducted by SurveyUSA in June, Trump and his rival, Hillary Clinton, were on the same footing.
Other institutions see Trump ahead, but not with the distance that is common for Republican candidates in the state.
Arizona and Georgia are also at risk.
In an interview with CNBC, Trump responded to the question of how to stop Clinton's advance: "just as I have done so far."
And whether it will be "successful," or I'll do a very nice, long holiday."
He does nothing else than to "tell the truth."
If it is not enough for him for reasons of political correctness, be that in order, Trump said.
Then I return to a very good way of life.
According to the press, the Trump party is supposed to have threatened to remove funds to support his campaign, if he does not be able to present better results.
Instead of doing so, the Republicans" candidates for Congress have a greater role to play in Congress.
Olympia: Three cases of fraud in the case of doping
The IOC wants to set up a disciplinary committee on the case.
Kenya's athlete faces the Second World War of the Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro Ungemach.
After an attempt to combat doping in the Olympic village, Kenya sent a coach to the home.
The International Olympic Committee agreed to immediately set up a disciplinary committee to investigate the case.
A Kenyan functionary had announced that the former sprinter and today Coach, John Anzrah, had made a urine sample at the Olympic village under the name of the 800-Meter farmer Ferguson Rotich.
This has been reported to Kenya's team management from the monitoring agencies.
The International Federation of IAAF has asked the IOC for information on the case to make its own investigations, an IAAF spokesperson informed.
"According to the results of the investigation and the following measures of the IOC, the IAAF will carry out an assessment," said an ILO declaration.
"He (Anzrah) has gone to the doping control station and has spent himself as Ferguson Rotich, the sample and signed," said Kenya's head of Mission Stephan Arap Soi.
He was in possession of the accreditation of the athlete, who was on the list of training controls of the World Anti-Doping Agency.
Ferguson Rotich had become more than 800 metres in Beijing in 2015.
Four days earlier, the Kenyan athletic delegate, Michael Rotich, had been removed from the Rio Games.
He is supposed to have informed the country's sportsmen and women of upcoming doping tests.
According to media reports, he should have been arrested on his return to Nairobi Airport.
Kenya stands at the IOC for a long time and has been under special observation for a long time.
In the announcement of the IOC's more than 2000 doping targets in the run-up to the Rio Games, it was unusual to point out that especially athletes from Kenya and Russia are being targeted.
The World Anti-Doping Agency had put a great deal of pressure on the African country before the summer games in Brazil to create an anti-doping law and a functioning control system.
The law was adopted a few weeks before the Olympic start.
As a result, WADA Kenya took part in the list of countries whose fight against doping is consistent with the rules of WADA.
Kenya is regarded as a great lender nation.
The country's athletics won most medals during the 2015 World Championship in Beijing.
In a number of television reports of the ARD, allegations have repeatedly been made that doping funds are easily accessible in Kenya and that there should be a significant mindset of sports fraud.
IOC member Richard Pound recently called for a similar investigation in Kenya, as he had done in Russian athletics.
It has been shown that in this sport, there has been a widespread and systematic use of this type of sport.
Russia's athletics were then excluded from the summer games.
"West Side Story" with Cecilia Bartoli
In the Shakespeare Year, the Salzburg Festival presents the "West Side Story" with Tony and Maria as a tragic love affair, similar to Romeo and Juliet.
With a surprising Cecilia Bartoli.
Salzburg: The "West Side Story," Leornard Bernstein's masterpiece.
The artistic director, Cecilia Bartoli, wanted to bring the musical into the temple of the classic and fulfilled the role of Maria a youth space.
In the orchestra dig the Simón Bolívar Orchestra under the direction of the Venezuelan conductor Gustavo Dudamel: "This music is full of rhythm," he warms.
We always say that it is very Latin American.
There are many Latin American ingredients at their pace and their melody.
It is a wonderful mixture, the perfect recipe for our orchestra.
I would say that we really have Bernstein's music in our blood!
In this staging, Bartoli plays an older Maria.
She reminds her of her love with Tony, while the younger Maria plays and dances.
The role of Maria has always fascinated me.
First of all, because it is musically exceptional!
And then there would be Mary's personality.
She says it in her song: "I feel pretty, oh so pretty, I feel pretty and witty and bright."
It is therefore wise, of course naively, and very passionately.
"It is very similar to me, my Italian character, which I have as a Römerin," laughed Bartoli.
Dudamel is full of praise for the opera singer: "Cecilia is a wonderful artist."
It is thus an honour for us to work with it.
It is an enormous human being.
And Bartoli returns the compliment: "Dudamel is such an exceptional artist and very passionate!"
Diriging is a necessity for him.
You see it in each of his movements, in his gaze, it's his life!
It is such a huge opportunity to share this musical experience with him.
We have both a rather southern temperament, a fire, a passion and also a happy approach to life, which is very important at all!
For the American director Philip Wm, McKinley, the "West Side Story" is very topical: "This piece is about prejudice and fanaticism."
Today we have the refugees, at that time the Puerto Ricans went to New York, and the New York residents did not want it.
These are the same issues, and they are just as powerful today as they did at the time.
59 years later, the piece is still relevant.
London schoolgirls who joined the ISIS were killed in Syria
Kadiza Sultana, one of three British schoolgirls who left London last year to join the ISIS, reportedly died in Syria.
The lawyer Tasnime Akunjee said that their family heard a few weeks ago of their death in Raqqa, Syria.
It was suspected that it was killed by a Russian air raid in Raqqa, the Bollwerk of the group in the country, reported ITV News on Thursday.
He was 17 years old and, according to her family, died shortly after she claimed to leave the war-torn country and return to England.
"One can only hope that the only good will be - as a reminder and warning to others that these are the risks associated with going into a war area - to prevent people from ever taking this decision," said Akunjee.
In February 2015, Sultana and two other schoolgirls from East London stepped in a plane in the direction of Turkey, followed by a bus to the Syrian border.
Sultana's family was told that she married an ISIS fighter in Syria - and became the widow in a few months.
Reid says Clinton will remain a candidate for the Supreme Court in the case of an electoral victory in Garland
Harry Reid, the leader of the Senate's Democrats, is convinced that the Democratic presidential candidate, Hillary Clinton, will nominate Judge Merrick Garland for the Supreme Court.
Republicans in the Senate have blocked Garland's confirmation of his nomination by Barack Obama in March.
The majority leader in the Senate Mitch McConnell believes that the next president will appoint the successor of the late judge at the Supreme Court Antonin Scalia.
Reid said on Thursday during a phone conference that he expects Clinton to choose "with a certain degree of certainty."
A Speaker of Reid later said that he had not yet spoken to Clinton whether she would nominate Garland and speculate.
He praised Garland and said that Clinton's team would not worry about a new candidate.
Garland is the supreme judge of the US Appeal Court for the District of Columbia.
RAID said that Republicans blocked the Garland nomination, be Lakaies, and supporters of Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump.
He also noted that Donald Trump was unsuitable for the presidency.
She wants Nacktkalendar for "Women and for Men"
The Treats magazine works together with the photographer David Bellemere to release a 70s Pirelli-inspired Calendar for 2017.
But instead of famous naked people, they would like to find the next generation of top models for their NU muses Kalendar in 2017.
The editor-in-chief of Treats Steve Shaw told us at the beginning of this year that his naked magazine is different from Oldschool-Playboys, as "Playboy is for men."
I do that for women.
It seems to him that it does the Kalendar.
"We must return to the depiction of timeless and classic nakness, in which both women and men feel comfortable and feel inspired by these images of a female body," Shaw said in a press release to publish the calendar.
Women will want to participate in this project because it is a wonderful work of art.
Models can submit their pictures online or personally in the open casting call in Los Angeles and New York.
Turkey: Kurdish community expects mass exodus
"He who does not adapt and praises Erdogan, is sitting on wrapped caffers," says the presidency of the Güen-nearby Foundation for dialogue and the world, Ercan Karakoyun.
In the short term, the Kurdish community of Germany expects tens of thousands of people seeking refuge from Turkey to Germany.
In the medium term, it could even become "some hundred thousand," the President of the Association, Ali Toprak, believes.
Due to the harsh action of Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan after the coup attempt, the Kurdish community of Germany is expecting a mass exodus to Germany.
"In the short term, I count with tens of thousands, in the medium term with a few hundred thousand people from Turkey in Germany, when the Erdogan regime continues to fight the minorities and the democratic opposition," says Mr Ali Toprak of the "World" of Friday.
Because the government had already exaggerated Kurdish strongholds with criminal actions a few months ago, 500,000 Kurds in Turkey were fleeing.
After the coup d'état, secular and oppositional ethnic Turks would be added.
Many will want to start again in Europe if they continue to be repressed in Turkey.
"It cannot be that a state that itself absorbs refugees is producing refugees in its own country," said Toprak.
The head of the association deplored the targeted settlement of Syrian Arabs in Kurdish but also in alevitian cities.
In this way, Erdogan wants to increase exit pressure on the remaining Kurds.
"They are the last large minority in Turkey, the Christian Armenians and Greeks have already been eradicated or expelled over the past hundred years," said Toprak, who is also a CDU member.
The head of the association called for the German government to "position itself as strongly as Austria against Erdogan and his followers."
There is also a "witch hunt" against Erdogan's critics in Germany.
In recent months, I do not feel safe in Germany for the first time.
The German branch of the Gülen movement also fears the flight of many Turks abroad.
More Turks will seek asylum in Germany, particularly Kurds and opposition members.
The branding as a devotee destroys teachers and other academics the professional existence.
"He who does not adapt and praises Erdogan, is sitting on wrapped caffaires, including the Kemalists and Seccularies," said Ercan Karakoyun, chairman of the Gülen Foundation for Dialogue and Education, the "World."
As the newspaper reported on the basis of figures from the Federal Ministry of the Interior, the Turks presented the largest group of asylum seekers recognised for political persecution in Germany before the coup.
As for the cut-off date of June 30, this was 11.386 people and almost 29 per cent of all those who were eligible for asylum (39.625).
This survey does not cover war, poverty or hopelessness.
The right to asylum under the basic law is exclusively political, that is, by the state, individually persecuted.
Mecklenburg-Vorpommern: "To go where it weaves"
Strange Mecklenburg-Vorpommern: The locals get nothing from the summer campaign - and the holidaymakers from North Rhine-Westphalia cannot choose the country day.
In Mecklenburg-Vorpommern they understood.
In 2021, the provincial elections will not take place again at the end of the summer holidays, the Schwerin Parliament decided at the beginning of the year.
This is not the case: Summer holidays, heat and land tagging - it is a bite.
The locals, who are supposed to be convinced by the election fighters, are on holiday.
The vast majority of holidaymakers in the country, on Usedom, Rügen or Hiddensee, are not locals, so they are not allowed to choose the country day.
In addition, there are practical problems: During the holidays, workers who hang posters, balloon air balloons, distribute flyers and count in the end of votes, are only laborious.
Until September 4, 2016, the election and last holiday day, Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, once again, must continue to campaign for a short while on the people.
The hot phase, if you can say this at all, has just begun.
And it is also about something: Prime Minister Erwin Sellering, head of a SPD/CDU coalition, must fear his office.
The SPD, the strongest party since 1998, is now clearly behind the CDU in surveys.
It is exciting to see how much Neuling AfD is cut off and what remains to be done in the end of the coalition.
Sellering, 66 years old and head of government since 2008, makes an almost inconspicuous campaign.
He travels through the country, distributes roses and chatts a little with the people, just as his legendary word-like predecessor Harald Ringstorff did.
Otherwise, soul will get cold feet and give Chancellor Merkel the blame for the bloom of the AfD.
Her refugee policy, her "We are creating this" has speeded up the rise of the right-wing populists, which will probably cost him a good job now.
The CDU with its top candidate, the Minister for the Interior, Lorenz Caffier, has already seen how it is to campaign in the right place at the wrong time.
She has twice invited German Chancellor Angela Merkel to Germany. Merkel is in the northeast.
But the target group did not vote, there were more North Rhine-Westphalia, Berliner and Sachsen da als Mecklenburger and Vorpommern.
"Since was probably the majority of other federal states," said Vincent Kokert, Secretary General of the CDU in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, recently in NDR.
But it is also a shame for anyone from other parts of Germany to listen to Angela Merkel.
Otherwise, the North-East CDU largely waives the usual campaign stands at marketplaces and in front of shopping centres with sunshades and balloons.
This means that coke is only a "minor role."
The Union, too, has noted that it is breaking the ground on the ground that it has to make a great effort to find a way back to the people.
As the Left, the SPD, the Group of the Greens/European Free Alliance, have hardly ever seen.
However, the Council of the CDU election fighter Kokert is also self-evident: "You must go to where it weaves, namely where the people are: Dorffeste, golden weddings, every birthday party must be used."
Because much is at stake, Sellering has now called its SPD into a particularly dedicated campaign.
In surveys, the Social Democrats were last with 22 percent behind partners CDU (25) and only just before the AfD (19).
At the 2011 election, the SPD had clearly won 35.6 percent before the CDU (22).
The Greens, a small party with seven per cent in the surveys, are expected to make the leap into the country.
They make a modern virtue out of the holiday need and, most of all, move their campaign to the Internet.
"Online campaign," called the president of the country, Claudia Müller.
Otherwise, green voters come to search for local voters among the holidaymakers.
Silke Gajek, the top candidate, just curvates with a house boat through the mecklenburgish lakes and finds it beautiful.
Her impression: "Electoral leave in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern is not a punishment."
B27-Sanation: Restaurants suffer from blocking
There is nothing to forget about the speed with which the B 27 is renovated.
There is a lot of praise for those responsible for the construction work which starts at 5.30 a.m. and ends at 20: 00.
"These have made things quite zacky," says Elvira Tetzlaff from the jet tank.
This is a super-team.
Nor is there any default.
The construction site could be moved to the south at the beginning of the week, until the end of October.
Praise will also be given to those responsible for the work of the works, for instance when it comes to setting up temporary journeys.
Since the construction site has migrated to the south on Monday and the blocking of the Aspergstraße in Ofterdingen has been lifted and the connection to Rottenburg also exists, the traffic situation has relaxed within the place.
The citizens of Ofterdingen are now back on both sides of the B 27.
There seems to be a return of traffic through the place.
"Since there were some serious complaints," says Florian King, responsible for the management of the renovation.
The residents of Bakhenstraße, Steinlachstraße, Hafnerstraße and Weiherrain had to fight with more traffic noise, because many light routes were looking for and more familiar to their Navi than the signage.
What led to some lorry driving in residential areas.
Since the speed limits have not been observed, the municipality increased the measuring vehicle from Mössingen.
"There have been considerable overruns," says King, who made himself aware of the situation on the ground.
There have already been two to three per minute.
The quickest was travelling with 77 kilometers in the Tempo-30 zone.
Since the site has been moved, it has become more quiet.
For the businessmen at the B 27, it is only a small consolation that the road is open to customers from Rottenburg.
They are not happy to look at the cards.
But that the B 27-Sanation has led them to take up sales, each one is asked to look through.
However, some are more and some less affected.
Those who have less to do with the "end customer" are produced for other companies, for which the rehabilitation has little effect.
Thomas Sulz also speaks of a "slight decline" of the car in Maier, but also admits that "the race is missing."
The most exploited are the clubs along the road.
J. Albert Göhner, owner of the steakhouse, formerly crown, finds clear words.
This is already threatening.
Not only it, but all restaurants have "hit hard."
It failed customers from Hechingen, Balingen and Rottweil.
We must be happy with every euro turnover.
The loss of turnover amounts to "well above 50%."
The road recovery has "thrown back two years."
Half of his staff had to dismiss him.
If I had a company with 4000 employees and half would have been made redundant, the policy would have reacted differently.
Instead, President Jörg Schmidt has responded to a question by Göhner, whether there could be a financial compensation, with the indication that the restaurant will benefit from the benefits of the situation at the B 27. Now, it must also bear the disadvantages arising from the renovation.
Göhner knows about other districts where it has been handled more generously.
In all complaints, Göhner is sure that his restaurant will continue to exist.
Finally, the family business has been here since 1715, it refers to the long history.
It can be understood that other regular guests are now less frequently watching because of the complicated mode of transport.
If you cannot drive, it is also nice elsewhere.
Göhner has no doubt that his tribal clientele will come back to the end of the remediation work.
Despite the crises with BSE and avian influenza, Göhner considers the impact of the B 27 work on his customers for the greatest crisis that his restaurant has experienced in its many years of history.
Six months of work, which is already brutal.
Laws are constantly being screened in the name of the fight against terrorism.
Following the recent attacks, Minister of the Interior de Maizière is now presenting a thick safety package.
But what has a debt status to do with terror?
And what does the coalition partner say about all this?
Thomas de Maizière gives the reconciliation.
All his proposals are "politically reasonable" to the coalition partner, says the Federal Minister of the Interior in presenting his new security package.
They are not asking anyone.
Other, more advanced points would first be discussed within the parties.
I am also involved in this.
As Minister for the Interior, however, he had achieved results and an "achievable consensus" within the coalition.
After the recent attacks in Würzburg and Ansbach, de Maizière, a little time has passed before it presents its conclusions on security in the Republic.
However, these are all the more important.
Something is already known, announced, announced: That a new security authority to deal with encrypted communications is not new.
Nor is the fact that Germany has to implement several EU rules on passenger data and arms law.
The call for more video surveillance and staff for the security authorities is not surprising.
In some cases, de Maizière launches a second attempt to make proposals that have not yet been made with the SPD: He wants to criminalise the promotion of sympathy for terrorist groups and to turn the German passport into jihadists with double citizenship.
"This will be difficult points for the SPD," says the CDU man.
It nevertheless seems to be reasonable, and it does not demand anything that does not exist in the case of the coalition partner in any case.
A few new ideas also presented de Maizière.
Some of them are in themselves: It plans rapid procedures for deportations and more possibilities for detaining people from deportation.
Refugees who are targeted in the country should first check their smartphones and disclose social media accounts for a security review.
In the case of excesses for rejected asylum seekers, he wants to make some worse off than until now - such as those who commit crimes or deliberately throw out their papers in order to mask their identity.
Some of them are politically and legally sensitive.
Some of them are still inextricable and leave questions open.
And, on a number of points - for example, in the case of unequal treatment - the question arises: What does this really have to do with security and terror?
Yes, says de Maizière that it is important to distinguish between the issues of refugees and terror.
But it cannot be denied that the perpetrators of Ansbach and Würzburg were refugees.
Moreover, many people were concerned about security in the face of high numbers of refugees.
And things that people deeply employed could not be excluded even during the election campaign.
Internal security has become a major focus.
Only the attacks in the neighbourhood: Paris, Copenhagen, Brussels, Nice.
Then the attacks in Würzburg and Ansbach.
Uncertainty is great.
And yes, there are election campaigns.
The Union and SPD are therefore increasingly in position on the issue of internal security.
Over the past few days, the two parties have had a great deal of attention.
First of all, there is a dispute over the equipment of the Federal Police, then about a security policy collection of some Union interior ministers, in which the portfolios of portfolios also call for a ban on burka and a departure from dual citizenship.
De Maizière is also concerned here with conciliatory sounds.
It does not seem to be moving away from a double pass.
We were happy with the discussion in Germany.
They do not make sense.
And with a ban on Burma, it has constitutional concerns.
Whether its own package is constitutional, and whether it is really "reasonable" for the coalition partner, has yet to show itself.
There are some things that could cause controversy.
But the SPD, too, is trying to benefit from the issue of internal security.
"The SPD is prepared to talk about everything that contributes to further raising security."
Volkswagen is still a glimpse.
Despite diesel scandals, the delivery figures are rising worldwide.
But it is not in all markets.
In the call-back action, there is a term.
Volkswagen starts its deliveries in the second half of the year.
Europe's largest car manufacturer, despite its many brands and some well-run markets, has continued to offer a plus in the past year.
In July, however, the Volkswagen brand, especially in Western Europe, weakened the overall sales, as announced in the Dax listed company.
With 449100 cars, the VW brand worldwide sold 1.8 per cent fewer vehicles in July than in the same month of the same month.
In Western Europe alone, after China the second largest market, sales were 14 percent below the previous year.
In the home market of Germany, deliveries fell by almost one sixth.
Brand sales leader Jürgen Stackmann brought the weaker figures back in July, especially at two sales days, less in Europe.
Moreover, in some core markets, a "changed economic environment" has given way to buying back.
In addition to the situation surrounding the coup d'état in Turkey, the British vote on leaving the EU was also burdened by a spokesperson.
In the United States, where the gas affair was first escalated, there is also a minus of beech.
Great support for VW is the Chinese market.
As a whole, the mainly affected domestic trade mark of the Lower Saxony is, in any case, further conspicuous by the diesel scandal: After the first seven months, only an extradition minus from 0.9 per cent to 3.37 million vehicles is to be found.
Fred Kappler, CEO of the Group, continued to present a sales margin from January to July.
At this time, 1.3 per cent more vehicles supplied Volkswagen, 5,904 million worldwide.
Volkswagen had manipulated exhaust gas tests.
In Germany alone, VW calls about 2.5 million cars for conversion into the repairers.
In the course of the conversion, VW confirmed that the conversion of cars has no negative effects.
After the conversion of the vehicles, there will be no deterioration in fuel consumption, CO2 emissions or engine power.
The vehicle will provide the customer with a "guarantee" certificate after the conversion, but does not speak of a "guarantee," as was said on Friday in business circles.
The reason is legal subtlety.
The "Focus" had reported that Volkswagen now guarantees its German customers a guarantee for converted diesel models.
Last Monday, this would have been confirmed by VW representatives in the Federal Ministry of Transport.
It was confirmed by the Ministry of Transport that this meeting was held.
"VW fully meets the requirements of my investigation commission and the KBA."
"Sections of this are not accepted," said Federal Minister for Transport, Alexander Dobrindt (CSU), according to the ministry.
VW has taken the guarantee that, in the case of fuel consumption, CO2 emissions or engine power after the conversion, there will be no deterioration and all the type-approved vehicle values will remain unchanged.
Volkswagen itself does not use the term "guarantee" as it was said in company circles.
With the broad term "guarantee," Volkswagen provides the possibility for customers, for example, to come to a workshop half a year after the conversion, for example - and to return this to the new software, even if the damage has nothing to do with it.
Also, in the interests of the customer, it is important to avoid that any other damage that has nothing to do with the exhaust scandal will lead to uncertainty regarding possible warranty regulations, as was said.
That is why VW does not use the term "guarantee."
The Raiffeisenbank Gmund am Tegernsee requires rich savers in the future - as the second institute in Germany.
As CEO Josef Paul said on Thursday, "It is only about 139 customers who park 40 million euros in current or daily cash accounts."
The Federal Association of German Banks speaks of an individual case and does not see it as a sign that ordinary savers should "not be afraid to pay for their savings."
Camps banks money overnight at the European Central Bank (ECB), they have to pay their 0.4% penalty rates.
As of September, Raiffeisenbank Gmund will require the Raiffeisenbank Gmund to withdraw from private and corporate clients for deposits of more than €100,000 on Giro- or daily cash accounts.
"The first 100.000 euros are free."
"The next 100,000 will cost €400 per year," Paul said.
He has been preventing 40 million euros for some time, which could be lifted from one day to the other and which he could not use.
"They lie with me on the central bank account and cause 0.4% of costs," said the head of the bank.
"I cannot go for every million EUR 4000."
The costs are now borne by the polluter pays principle.
Simply leaving the cash in the Raiffeisenbank's coffers would be far too dangerous: "I have already seen four attacks, I don't want to be the fifth!," said the bank.
Most customers would understand and changed to other types of investment.
Few migrated to other banks.
The Cooperative Association of Bavaria said: "The ECB's extreme monetary-policy stance causes significant costs for all banks."
To carry them on their own is "not economically viable."
Some German banks have therefore increased their fees for account, credit cards or credit transfers.
The Thüringer Volks- und Raiffeisenbank Altenburger Land, with its Skatbank Filiale in 2014, made headlines with criminal interest rates for deposits from three million euros.
Michael Kemmer, Chief Executive Officer of the Banking Association, said: "We do not expect private customers to pay for deposits nationwide, the competition in Germany under banks and savings banks is far too strong."
A banker said that, on the Tegernsee, there was "a clientele endowed with something more luxuriant."
"That can become a problem for a small bank," if it is free of money.
The cooperative bank Gmund, founded in 1911, has branches in Bad Wiessee, Rotarian Egern, crossth and Tegernsee.
Famous actors, sportsmen and entrepreneurs live in the region.
"At the moment, no other banks are aware of the association federation of Bavaria," said spokesperson Ernst.
The president of the Federal Association of German People's Banks and Raiffeisenbanken (BVR), Uwe Fröhlich, stated at the end of June: "The threshold to go to the negative towards the private customer is very, very high."
The competition was tough, and it drove off the emigration of investors to competition.
Customers in Germany will not be satisfied with this.
Destination plates: Who actually buys records?
Lonely middle-aged men love plates.
Before you rush to the commentary part, in order to oversee him under the pseudonym non-AlleEinsamenmen's middle age with rough insults, this statement is derived from current data.
According to YouGov, the much-discussed resurrection of records is not a boom in the Millennium, which wants to welcome the novelty of physical objects, but is due to midlife nostalgia.
Those who recently bought a record are, in all likelihood, between 45 and 54 years old.
In fact, the age group of 18-24 is the most unlikely target group.
It is also no hordes by hobby collectors - it has an emotional meaning: Older record buyers retain their feelings more for themselves (56% vs. 53%) and enjoy it to spend time alone (69% vs. 66%).
But will the results of YouGov vote?
If this blog would be a news report on television, the camera would follow me while I run in the midst of a busy street in Soho, wearing a modest gray suit and wild, before I stop, my hands and say something like: "So, let us take a closer look."
So let us look at it.
Even if the heart of Sohos is slowly losing its charm - hotels, restaurants and offices now fill the buildings that were once an independent seller - there is still a handful of fantastic record special deals.
I would probably ask the cameraman to eliminate the camera for the next part, in which I am close to different men in such shops and try to assess their age and mind through observation.
Stuart from Glasgow, 55 to which I am of Sister Ray (data count: Two young women, three men of middle age) in Reckless Records (data count: Eight men middle age, a woman, presumably around the 20), is a day long because of a meeting in London and goes through the shops to fill the few hours.
Is he a collector, I ask?
"I appreciate," he says.
I have about 3,000 or 4,000 plates.
These records, shown above (he sent me the snapshot by email, I didn't follow him home), dress the walls of his living room.
The reason he holds such a significant number of albums and singles is the result of his disposable income: He is now able to buy plates that he could not afford to buy and buy items that he sold when he was young and bankrupt.
"Many things I buy are out of the late sixties, early 70s that appeared when I was 11 or 12, things where I was probably too young to buy them," he says.
He agrees that those who buy plates are rather introverted and happy to spend time alone, and add: "I do not smoke and I don't drink a lot.
That is my disaster.
WEZ, 25, who works with Sister Ray, also believes that many of the customers he meets on the YouGov profile.
However, he has also noticed a new wave of people who are influenced by the media, people who have heard about the comeback and are forced to buy back their old plates.
From the conversations that I have had, people usually kidnapped their collection in 1998 or 1999.
Customers who once sold their disks to buy CDs are now selling their CDs to buy their disks again," he says.
This would explain the boom to supporters of the record revision of a certain age.
But what about the supposed emotional meaning of plates?
It takes only a few seconds in a business like Phonica to recognize that record stores offer a reassuring community of like-minded people.
According to the WEZ, some of the older customers took the lead in the contactless payment system.
Some disk fans feel overwhelmed by the digital world and want to retire to the stability of trusted records.
"I think sometimes it can be the filling of a emptiness or possession of material possessions as a kind of consolation," says WEZ.
This is the case with me as a collector, and I think it is true for many people.
It is an easy way to deal with mentally.
"We are like their social workers!"
A survey of the ICM in April revealed that almost 50% of the people who bought a record last month have not yet heard them.
The survey also found that 41% have a record player that they never use, while 7% of those who buy a record do not have a record player.
I would probably be very concerned at this time of the news report while I smoked through a stack of Bossa Nova.
Jonny, 42, who works at sounds of the Universe (data count: Three middle-aged men), has noticed a "trophy aspect" of the Revival.
"someone came here very recently and said: "I don't have a record player, but I would like to buy a radiohead record, so that I can put it into the shelf," he says.
This is not a large percentage, but it is definitely going.
More productive, less musical.
We have people who say: "I have no record player."
These are younger people, not older people who are only slowly coming out.
Fopp, which has dedicated the records almost a whole floor, has a blower audience than I meet.
There are couples around the 70, tourists who make photos, teenagers and middle-aged women.
Although the atmosphere is slightly less relaxed than in the above shops - Wild Beasts is the latest synthesizer and sex-packed Pop instead of experimental jazz, it is good to see such a diversity among the customers.
None of them looks particularly lonely, but mental trauma is hard to determine if you are standing for 30 seconds next to someone.
Elanora, 27, has been running in the shop for a few minutes and considers the variety of the plates on sale.
It is more likely to be a shop window than a big bucket.
It does not deserve much, therefore the collection of plates is not a real option, says it.
It costs a lot.
It is easy to listen to music from a computer or in other ways, but the beauty of plates is..." it drives with a loving sigh.
I do not know how to explain it - it really is unique.
My last stop is a business that says that a new generation of record lovers will be inspired: Urban Outfitters.
While I appear to design the Jeans Hotpants, I watch a group of young teenage girls who are working for a moment around Polaroid cameras before a father and his daughter consider buying a Crosley record player.
On the left there is a staircase, a wall full of plates of Adele, Jeff Buckley, Amy Winehouse and Fleetwood Mac: A mixture of contemporary music and classics, the essential plates for an average collection.
No one looks at them - perhaps because they are merely decorative, some so far above that it is impossible to grasp them.
It is pure "record art."
But in view of the fact that every attraction for these items means more money for the industry and could send some customers to the depths of Sohos for more, there is nothing to complain.
It is no surprise that a population group that has more time and money than others is also the one that spends most on luxury items such as plates.
Even if my enquiries revealed that the results of YouGov vote, they leave, at least in record shops in Soho, the large number of female collectors who exist in reality, record shops and online forums.
These people are likely to work hard at school or in offices.
They are certainly not going to spend their Thursday morning with the slums of the Berwick Street and the leaves of plates, while they avoid the inflexible gaze of an unsecret, 30-year-old false moderator, who rises above the shoulders of unsuspecting middle-aged men.
Greenland shark is the longest live hurricane - video report
Scientists say that Greenland has the longest life span of all vertebrates on the planet.
Julius Nielsen, who is investigating sharks, says that the record was in a femal, which is expected to be between 272 and 512 years old and five metres long.
French court rejects offer on the demolition of shops in the jungle of refugee camps
A French court has rejected an offer by the authorities in Calais to set down dozens of provisional shops and restaurants in the jungle of Calais, where thousands of refugees live.
During a trial this week, the authorities in Calais argued that the state should be empowered to establish 72 provisional shops in which people within the warehouse sell goods, from cigarettes to energy drinks, sell hairdressing services or sell tea for 50 cents (40 pence) or simple meals for a few euros in provisional restaurants.
The Calais prefecture argued that these places should be torn down, because they would constitute a parallel economy that would not pay taxes and which have a risk of fire and sanitation.
Humanitarian groups told the court that the shops and restaurants were important, because the free meals offered by the state-sponsored association and other groups would not provide enough food for the growing numbers in the camp.
They also claimed that the provisional shops and restaurants would often offer accommodation and free meals for people in need.
A court in Lille decided that there was no legal basis for the expulsion of people carrying out the 72 provisional shops, but acknowledged that the concerns of the prefecture of Calais were "absolutely understandable."
The judge Jean-François Molla said that food shops, cafés and restaurants would play a much greater role than simply feed people who "live in extremely precarious conditions."
He said that the areas offer quiet meeting points between refugees and volunteers.
One of the places threatened by the rainfall was the Jungle Book Kids' Café of the Camp, which is operated by the public, and offers 200 meals on the day, English and French classes, as well as advice on asylum matters for the hundreds of vulnerable, unaccompanied minors in the camp.
More than 170,000 people signed the petition to preserve the Kids' Café.
In a letter to the Guardian, it was said that the closure "would be a catastrophe for these children, of which the latest eight years old."
The two relief agencies Help refugees and L'Auberge des Migrants on Friday estimated that the number of people living in the jungle of the jungle increased to more than 9,000 people - the highest number so far - after a sharp rise in new arrivals during the summer.
Despite Olympic disappointment: Martin remains fierce
In spite of his disappointing appearance in the Olympic timescale, he does not want to allow himself to be undermined.
"I continue to keep the World Championships in view, remain confident and continue to fight," wrote the 31-year-old on Thursday before his departure from Rio de Janeiro on Facebook.
He does not have an explanation for his miserable twelfth place in the sugar hat.
"I really find it hard to comment on the timing of yesterday," Martin said.
He must analyse in calmness the reasons for the debacle.
At the time of the 2010 World Cup in Qatar, Martin wanted to fight for the title.
"I will look carefully at what we have changed in recent times."
"This includes my position," wrote the three-time world champion, who had lost on Wednesday to the 54.5 km more than three minutes on Olympic winner Fabian Cancellara (Switzerland).
Olympia: Tennis professional winner and semi-finals
The winner of Laura Siegemund ended in the quarterfinal of Rio: The world transglisten-32 from Metzingen missed out by a 1: 6, 1: 6 against Monica Puig (Puerto Rico/WTA-Nr.
34) The semi-final of the Olympic tennis tournament is clear.
Siegemund, who had been plagued by back problems, was able to get its surcharge only once and was powerless in comparison to the previous rounds.
On Thursday, medal hope Angelique Kerber (Kiel/Nr. 2) had the chance to jump into the advance round.
The Australian Open Winner hit the Britin Johanna Konta (No. 10).
Tommy Haas 2000 was the last German tennis professional to have won a medal (silver) in Sydney in 2000.
Two German DTB-starters in the quarter final of summer games had last in 1992.
There has never been a German duo in an Olympic one-half final.
Group on startup for live video game transfers
Watching other people playing video games is a giant - of which Microsoft also wants to benefit.
The technology group buys the Beam start-up, which specializes in this hobby.
As much money for the takeover, Microsoft did not share it on Thursday.
Beam's offer only started in January and already has more than 100,000 users.
You can watch others while playing, but also intervene.
For example, they can give up missions and face enemies and provide equipment.
Activision Blizzard will launch a new HD video service for the booming world of e-sport.
On the road to the global media event, Facebook is to help.
The advertising industry is already showing up.
The team of the start-ups, which is located in Seattle in the US state of Washington, has moved to the Microsoft Headquarters in California's Redmond, as official co-founder and CEO Matt Salsamendi announced.
Therefore, the acquisition will not change anything for the customers.
Beam is integrated into the video game section around the Xbox console.
The market for live streaming of video game activities is growing rapidly.
Known platforms are Twitch and YouTube Gaming.
Twitch was bought by the online dealer Amazon in 2014 - almost $1 billion.
YouTube Gaming belongs to the Google mother alphabet.
The Enforcement Trailer
Germany's Raser has to adapt to the next generation of speed knives: In various states, among others in Hesse and Brandenburg, new flash devices are being tested to transfer the Temposunder in a particularly effective way.
The futuristic Enforcement Trailer of the Vitronic company from Wiesbaden may, for example, be used in areas of accident, where it would be too dangerous for a mobile measurement by the police.
For example, there are no necessary infrastructure to ensure the compliance with speed limits, for example, on motorway construction sites or on renovating bridges with temporary temples.
However, a mobile device can be too dangerous or cumbersome.
The Enforcement Trailer is autark: Its battery holds five days at uninterrupted measurement operation, the case data is transmitted encrypted via a modem.
With laser measuring technology, all vehicles can also be detected at the same time across several tracks.
Variable speed limits as well as driving bans after time, driving strips and vehicle classes can also be monitored.
It is possible to move the trailer in a highly-driven condition, according to the manufacturer, with each car with trailer clutch.
So that it is not easy to clamp down, it is reduced in the measurement operation, so that the wheels disappear in the armored and, by the way, even smoother outer shell.
In addition, a built-in alarm system is intended to protect the blouse from vandalism.
Since 2015 the trailer has been tested according to Vitronic in various federal countries and has now been used.
Also foreign authorities are blessing with the new technology: Recently France has ordered 100 pieces, following an order of 150 pieces over the past year.
Britain gets silver in 7 Rugby after Fiji Masterclass Gold
The impressive performance of Great Britain at the 7-year Rugby came to an abrupt halt on Thursday evening in the last hurdle in the form of Fijis, when they were beaten with a result of 43-7 at the Deodoro Stadium here in Rio.
Fiji gave a master-class in handling, Side-Stepping, descendants, regular run and roher power to win gold - their first Olympic medal of any colour.
The defeat was lost by the not too bad price of the silver medal - Britain's fourth on that day - and they could be proud of their efforts in this tournament, in which they beat New Zealand, Argentina and South Africa.
The clear defeat of the Boks, 7-5 in the semi-final on the same day could fall back on them in the finals.
However, in this form, Fiji would have beaten a 15-man team in its best form.
It could be a consolation for GB - but it will probably not happen - that at least one Brite will have a gold medal tomorrow at his neck: Fiji's head trainer Ben Ryan, the former head of England from Wimbledon.
GB had a difficult way to go.
Eight years ago, they lost under Ryan every game with the Adelaide Sevens.
Here they lost only one.
This cap will hurt, but progress is amazing.
Fiji began miraculously and caused the attacks to take place out of fun.
At the end of the 20th century, Captain Tom Mitchell felt it would be a good idea for the captain, Tom Mitchell, to run on, as if you were going to run in a driving bus, the World Series winners went up 5-0, when osea Kolinisau drove in the corner.
With four minutes of gameplay, Jerry Tuwai added another attack from the right corner he converted.
12-0 and GB has hardly heard the ball.
A hedging tack from Mitchell stopped the mount of Man Leone Nakarawa a third gate, but it stopped Fiji only.
In the seventh minute JASA Veremalua lete a touch down in the right corner and it stood 0-17 for GB.
Nakarawa added a new one since the re-launch and there were still over one minute of playing time... in the first half.
Vbreatho Ravouvou drove through further weak Tacklings of the UK team and hit the line to make a goal.
The conversion brought a 29-0 until the break.
It is as if Fiji was born to play the 7, while GB is still going to be registered.
That is how it is.
GB carried out fundamental changes at half time and closed the fiji gap... for four minutes, which was good for the conditions of the first half of the day, until Josua Tuisova went through a brilliant intermediate play by Fiji.
Dan Norton started an attempt for GB, made a touchdown in the left corner for a 36-7, but the game has long gone for the south of the South of the South, whose fans sanged, scrambled and danced in the gallery.
It was not difficult to admire Fiji's playful approach.
Mata Viliame put the i-bag with another attempt in the last few seconds.
The Pfiff, the Fijis embraced himself and GB kicked down in the lawn.
In the early days, Fiji Japan was defeated in the semi-final with 20-5 and Britain pressed South Africa in a narrow semi-finalmatch from the race - Britain's transformation of difference.
Kyle Brown brought the Bok in the first half of the front, but Dan Norton broke the line with an impressive foot work and scored a goal under the post in the second half.
A brilliant late Tackling by Marcus Watson, the brother of Anthony of the English 15-Aside team, secured the profit - and thus the silver medal.
Helen Glover and Heather Stanning
There will be no emotinaler gold than in those games, and that will mean what.
From the first rowing to the last, 220 hard Hieve, who enter the history, Helen Glover and Heather Stanning found an additional meaning in their golden moment at Estacio da Lagoa.
There were three votes in the boat, even if it was only the Beides who sat at the ruder, and the trainer Robin Williams, who was present at the second Olympic old in the second without a tax woman, the first women in the history of British sport, who set such a yardstick.
Their dominance was absolutely, after all, their 39.ter unlagged commitment, which is also unprecedented.
What we see are two brilliant athletes who glide over the surface with the elegance of swans, which does not fully reflect the kind of triumphant.
Behind every gold in rowing, there is a battalion of willing helpers that contribute to the incremental advances that make the difference and it was no more assistant than the coach who did not know 30 months ago whether he would survive this day at all when he was diagnosed with cancer.
As he said, he was risky.
I had bladder cancer, which is operational and that they did.
If you do not, it spreads everywhere.
It would have been a rather serious situation.
It changes a little of the outlook.
Williams was diagnosed in December 2013.
The trio was lucky that he could start treatment at the beginning of 2014, outside the season, which kept the interruption to a minimum, if that is the right term in such circumstances.
I needed money, so I had to go better again soon.
It was an incentive.
I was in hospital and ran on the station - 20 feet, 30 feet, 50 feet at a time when they said that some steps would suffice.
That is how it begins.
Rowing in itself is already a challenge, but this makes it an even bigger one.
In the immediacy of the victory, their first thoughts went to Williams, who spent a thrilling morning doing something more than otherwise, trying to process his own fears.
Stanning, who was the captain of the Royal Artillery Regiment in Afghanistan, said "I was an emotional wreck this week, perhaps a bit extreme, but it means so much."
It's only how much I mean, how much I and Helen and Robin worked.
It was three fantastic years with Helen and Robin.
Without Robin we would be no one, so a massive thanks go to him; he is the best coach in the world.
I could not have had a better person for training or a better coach.
Helena Glover and Heather Stanning have not lost races over the past five years.
The pair had a hard rhythm with which their opponents could not compete.
Even in the last 500 meters, when the teams from New Zealand and Denmark began to catch up, Stanning and Glover had too much in reserve.
We were very much at the moment.
Helen called "remain in the process, remain in the process."
It is really important not to be sidelined.
We had a good start and at the same time we were not looking to do something.
We did not want fireworks today, we simply wanted to achieve a good result, go further and win the race, which we did.
The couple will take time out for a year before taking decisions about his future.
Glover must appear next week at a wedding, their own with the TV adventurer Steve Backshall.
Now it simply wants to enjoy the moment.
I did not want to say that this was my last race.
That would have been too much pressure.
In London, it took around six months to understand that I am an Olympic champion.
It was all so new for me and I was so stressed.
It took about four minutes.
It feels so much better," she said.
Ensuring clarity for 31 years
The managing director of the "Veitenstein Group," Ruppert Göller, is retiring.
The association is regarded as "Bavarian."
A small Franconian drinking water association as a model for the large water producers.
Some time ago it was in the original tone of the Bavarian Radio.
Little later, the water forum of the government of Unterfranken commended the purpose federation.
The work of the Veitenstein Group applies "Bavarian far as exemplary."
Behind all this is Rupert Göller, who was 31 years in the association of employees, of which 28 years as the managing director.
Now he has been retiring at the age of 65.
The Veitenstein Group with its headquarters in Kottendorf, municipality of broadband, promotes approximately 150000 cubic meters of water every year and supplies 32 places and hamlets with about 5500 inhabitants.
The municipalities are the municipalities of Kirchloud, Broadbrunn, Lauter, Ebelsbach and the city of Baunach.
Water supply contracts exist for other cities and municipalities.
The current president, Broadbrunn Mayor Gertrud Bühl (FW), recalled that Rupert Göller, in 1985, was set up as a waterkeeper and has already been appointed Managing Director of the Association of Objectives in 1988.
"His duties have been very varied and they have covered water management and maintenance work on office and organisational activities, budgeting, calculation of fees and contributions, and emergency rates for weekend ends," said the chairman.
As outstanding events, it called the commissioning and inauguration of the new wells (1994), land purchases in the area of the new wells (1998) and compensation for farmers, the renovation of the high container (1999), the creation of a central computer control (2004) and the partial renovation of water pipes.
There has been no stalemate, and there have always been innovations, because water is the most important food in the world, and drinking water is the most important food.
In her Laudatio, she praised Göllers's faithful, reliable and correct service over 31 years.
He has set himself up with a great deal of heart blood for his water group, and he has actually lived up to the Water Management Association as if it were his own company.
A few weeks ago, as a true practitioner, he was allowed to present the success concept of the Veitenstein Group to reduce nitrates in the water forum of the Unterfranken area.
He has received a great deal of praise and praise for this.
Rupert Göller, for his part, praised Alfons Gabrael, who worked with him for 28 years.
He is the best waterkeeper and he was a faithful knee.
Together we were an unbeatable team.
As a highlight from his point of view, he described the construction of the fountain and the reorganisation of the purpose federation.
However, the biggest challenge and the most difficult use were the collapse of the high container at Kirchlouer on a third January.
Here we have to work at minus 17 degrees throughout the night, so that the villages could be fed with water.
It was also possible to maintain the supply of Neubrunn only because the high container of Pettstadt was filled with hoses.
The management of the drinking water service association was handed over to Daniel Stürmer from Lauter, who took the succession of Rupert Göller.
The soprano Anna Netrebko openly deals with the autism of her son Tiago - and turns to other affected parents: "They must have the courage to talk about it."
"medicine has made great progress," said the 44-year-old of the Italian newspaper "Corriere della Sera."
When the disease was detected by her son, she believed she had to die.
However, the eight year old Tiago was well ahead and now learned privately in New York, where there are the best therapists.
"To give an example: If I ask him something about two years when I sang at the Milan Scala, he doesn't remember anything," said Netrebko.
But he is the happiest person on earth.
Tiago comes from Netrebkos's connection with the Bassbariton Erwin scrap.
She is now married to Tenor Yusif Eyvazov.
Beeductive at Bargteheide - Man shooting for life companion
A 35 year old man shot his partner in a multi-family house in Bargteheide (Kreis Stormarn) on Friday at 10.45 p.m. and killed her.
"The man himself called on us and indicated that he was shooting his companion," said a police officer.
The perpetrator was on the flight, after which he was publicly punished.
In the meantime, Sven S. could travel by car.
The man is about 1.80 meters large, muscular, brown and has a glatze.
Meanwhile, the police have published a photo of him.
But it is a few years old.
Meanwhile, the man is wearing a glatt.
The man should not be addressed directly.
He could still carry the gun, so the police.
If you see Sven S., you should call the 110.
The police talk about a "relationship."
The victim was born in 1988, the perpetrator in 1981.
The responsible police in Lübeck did not want to make any information about the dithering or the relationship between the perpetrator and the victim, but it confirmed that a person had been killed.
"It is a murder offence."
"We don't say more at the moment," said a police spokesperson in Lübeck.
According to eye witnesses, a special post (SEC) was at the place of action.
Steel - lighting for German steel industry
The crisis-battered and energy-intensive German steel industry will be spared additional costs in millions.
The financial burden that the industry has threatened to support from organic production is from the table.
As a result of the exemption from the renewable energy levy on the stock in the German steel industry, the Austrian Minister for Economic Affairs, Sigmar Gabriel (SPD), said the "West German General Zeitung" (WAZ, Friday edition).
"I am really happy that we have finally been able to achieve this after two years of tough negotiations."
The European Commission, therefore, had initially planned to pay for the steel producers who use the gases from the blast furnace for their own consumption.
According to the German industry, the steel industry has threatened additional costs of EUR 120 to 240 million per year.
Gabriel said the WAZ, there is now a policy agreement with the EU Commission after discussions with Commissioner Margrethe Vestager.
It is only when the generators are replaced in the steel plants that a 20 per cent levy is applied.
But this is not the case in the steel industry.
The IG Metal welcomed Germany's agreement with the European Commission on the production of oases.
As a result, the status quo will be largely enshrined in the current regime.
The success of Gabriel for the steel industry is particularly important.
'With regard to our 'steel campaign', the future is 'a first step'.
"More must follow."
"We also need to weigh up climate and employment targets in the reform of emissions trading," said IG Metall-boss Jörg Hofmann in Frankfurt.
The steel industry in Europe has been suffering from overcapacity and considerable price pressure since the 2008 financial crisis.
Last year, the situation continued to aggravate when the world's largest producer country, China, threw on the world market on a massive scale in the face of weak domestic demand.
European producers are proposing price dumping for Chinese steel companies.
In the course of this spring the situation has been somewhat relaxed.
On the one hand, import duties have been imposed on imports and, on the other hand, the economic outlook in China has surged.
It is unclear how sustainable the price recovery is.
The German industry prime minister of the industry remained cautious on Thursday.
Last but not least, prices would have been more stagnant.
The industry is responding to the difficult situation with further cost reductions.
Last but not least, ThyssenKrupp did not want to exclude the closure of individual works.
In the German steel industry, around 86000 people were employed at the end of 2015.
In July, German steel producers will remain wary, despite rising prices and increasing orders.
With 3.4 million tonnes, they produced well six per cent less raw steel than in the same month, as the steel industry announced on Friday.
After a short increase in May, the amount produced went back the second month.
Since the beginning of the year, production has fallen by two percent below the previous year.
In the coming months, the association expects an improved order position with an increase in output.
Community, spirit, health: Sing seniors good
The Singen has already accompanied Ursel Kipp for her whole life: As a young girl she was in the school choir, in the school of teaching she was the subject of music, and today the 78-year-old is singing in a senior choir.
"sing me - emotional and physical," she describes.
After a sample she feels balanced, cheerful and, in general, living, she says.
By the way, she does something good for her health and her spirit.
Because Singen is a great hobby for the elderly from several perspectives, says Erhard Hackler of the German Senior League.
Most seniors sing in the choir and share with like-minded people the joy of music, describes Hackler.
Through regular interaction, senior citizens can establish and maintain social contacts.
There are often social and family structures in old age, a chorus is an ideal opportunity to spend time with other people.
This experience has also made Ursel Kipp in her choir: "To speak out and organize, to be able to rely on the others and to learn from each other - a choir is a very special form of cohabitation."
Sing can be exhausting in the positive sense, says Hackler.
After all, seniors train a deep and controlled breathing.
Even in everyday life, those who regularly demand their lungs do not get so quickly out of the puste.
Even when it comes to maintaining the sound of the voice in old age, Singen is an optimal hobby.
For older people, Singen often has a very special effect, says Ursula Lenz of the German Association of Senior Citizens' Organisations.
In the older generations, the common singing had a much higher role, it belonged to everyday life, both in school and in leisure, it explains.
Lenz frequently observes that the singing or listening of songs to elderly people awakens many memories, often associated with positive feelings of their youth.
By means of lyrics and in particular melodies, even dementia sufferers, people who suffer from a long period of time lag behind.
When singing is also demanding a special performance for the head, Lenz explains.
At the same time focusing on their own voice and on a given rhythm, adapting themselves to the other singers - this is a great cognitive challenge.
Even older people living on their own practice not only to focus on themselves.
Another positive aspect is the recognition given by the singing in the choir, says Hackler.
An enthusiastic audience is a great praise.
The feeling of self-esteem is also growing through singing in the choir.
To show himself: If I long for something, I'll be better and alert beyond me - this experience strengthens.
There are good reasons to start with the singing, so there is enough.
Anyone who wants to try out a new hobby should not hesitate - even if he thinks he has little talent, Lenz advises.
You don't sing alone - with 50 singing people, who already hears when a sound goes next?
In search of a suitable offer, seniors have various possibilities, says Hackler.
If someone is in a seniors chorus, you can easily join.
Many cities also offer overviews of the choirs in the surrounding area.
If you want to sing in a church choir, you can go directly to the town or the church.
Many elderly choirs can also be found via the internet.
If you do not have access to the Internet, you can ask the family, friends or neighbours for help in Internet search.
If you want to sing, you should definitely join a chorus, do Hackler.
Singing does the soul well and has something liberating - that is true for any old age.
Cats respond more sensibly to the cries of young animals
Biologists have studied in Hanover the effect of the use of cat babys on adult animals.
For her surprise, the manches didn't make cold - but they were always the same in contrast to the females.
Female cats can recognize the degree of irritation of cat babys on the small ones.
They react by ten per cent faster on the lute of kitchens, which are in great distress, as scientists have discovered from the Veterinary Office of Applied Sciences and the Medical University of Hanover (MHH).
Kater is also responding to the demands of kitchens - but always the same.
The biologist Wiebke Konerding of the MHH, said the biologist Wiebke Konerding said.
She is the author of the study published on this Friday in the magazine "BMC evoluutionary Biology."
In a previous investigation, the research team had already discovered that the length and pitch of the kittens cries is different with the urgency of their need for assistance.
A total of nine adult katers and eight female animal husbands have been observed.
They were played by small ones who were taken out of the litter box for three minutes and separated from their mother and siblings.
On the other hand, they were confronted with cries of more erred kitchens, which were raised in addition.
Researchers consider their results to be significant despite the low sample.
"All females, even those who have not yet had their own children, reacted differently to the cries," said Konerding.
They turned faster to the loudspeaker, when the cry of the more mature kittens played out.
This ability may be innate or develop with sexual maturity.
"One surprise was that the males have reacted at all," said the biologist.
In the past, scientists have repeatedly examined the reactions of women and men to baby noises.
Some studies showed that women reacted more sensitively to babies, whether they were already mothers or not, the biologist Marina Scheumann reported.
Podolski goes to Supercup with "Gala"
Hakan Sükesr is a football legend in Turkey.
In Turkey, an arrest warrant has been issued against the former football star Hakan SüKür.
He is accused of being a member of a terrorist group.
For the first time after the coup attempt, an important football match is taking place in Turkey.
Before the duel of the arch-rival between Besiktas Istanbul and Lukas Podolski's Galatasaray Istanbul to the Supercup in Konya, the official line is clear: "Business as usual" is scheduled.
Even when the state of emergency was imposed after the coup attempt in July, the government said that the everyday life of ordinary citizens should not be impaired.
But this does not apply to those who are suspected to belong to the movement of the preacher Fethald Gülen, who is responsible for the coup attempt.
This will not stop football.
An arrest warrant was issued by the Public Prosecutor's Office against the former Starker Hakan Sükesr.
As a result, South Africa, now living in America, is accused of being a member of a terrorist group.
It is intended to be a supporter of the preacher Fethald Gülen, who is responsible for the coup attempt by the President of the Republic, Recep Tayyip Erdogan.
It is true that the state of emergency initially imposed for 90 days is valid until October, but in fact, it does not have any impact on the life of most Turks.
The night "democracy guards" in public places across the country has declared Erdogan to be closed on Wednesday.
Sport - like the whole country - is divided into supporters and opponents of Erdogan.
Especially fans of the Besiktas Labor Club are traditionally not among the president's friends.
What unites the Turks, however, in the face of dramatic experiences in history, is the strict rejection of military coups.
Even the fans agree, regardless of whether their heart beats Galatasaray or Besiktas.
In the event "Gala" it will be particularly important to arrive again at Lukas Podolski.
In the past season, the Kölner showed its sporting value: With 17 gates and nine templates in all competitions, the 31-year-old ended his first season as the top scorer of his club.
In the final game against Fenerbahce, he scored the 1: 0 victory.
The newspaper "Fanatics" cheered him: "He was the best in the place."
He completed the season in an excellent way and secured his team the cup.
Thanks to "Poldi," the disappointing season for the record master found a conciliatory conclusion.
After the Vorrunden-K.o in the Champions League, the "lions" came out in the Europa League early.
In the south of Lig, it only reached rank six.
The season was not good.
The cup was the only way to win something.
"We managed to do this, and this is the most important thing," said Podolski.
For Master Besiktas the game year ran better.
Especially thanks to Mario Gomez, who, with 26 seasons of the season, presented the basis for the 14th title.
This is also the reason that the fans continue to hope for the return of the 31-year-old.
In this case, the Gomez, under the contract of the AC Florence and the Besiktas, had only announced, after the coup attempt, that Gomez did not return because of the political situation in the country after his/her holidays.
"If Mario wants to come to us, he just has to say," quoted the magazine "Kicker" Clubchef Fikret Orman.
To do so, however, the storm would have to be prepared to dispense with around one third of its $7.5 million year, said Orman: "We cannot pay his salary in Florence."
Despite doping: These athletes still have medals opportunities at Olympia in Rio
The 34-year-old Justin Gatlin has been locked twice for dopings (2001 and 2006).
Rio de Janeiro - Whistleblowerin Julia Stepanowa may not start in Rio.
Others can only laugh - they are fighting in Rio for medals.
The issue of doping remains the headlines of the Rio Olympic Games.
The Russian swimmers, Julija Jefimowa, who, after a doping-Sperre, had complained their start law just before the games, was mercilessly fleshed out at their start (100 meters of chest).
It was a bizarre scenario: With a set of smiles she was still proud of the hall and provoked her appearance.
As a firm that she will not get gold, the audience broke out into a jubble tower.
But there are many more athletes who start the Olympic Games in Rio despite the past.
Here is an overview:
Justin Gatlin (100, 200, 4x100-m-Staffel/USA): The 34-year-old is one of the most controversial figures in athletics.
He was already locked up for two times because of doping (2001 and 2006 to 2010).
Since his bann, the Olympic winner of 2004 and ex-World Champion has been running faster than before, he is the number one in the world over 100 m in 9.80 seconds and is regarded as the biggest challenge of Usain Bolt.
Shelly-Ann Fraser-Pryce (100, 4x100-m-Staffel/Jamaica): The two-year Olympic champion and seven World Championships had to hold a six-month ban in 2010 after having proven the analgesic intake of Oxycodon.
After an operation, she had strong toothache, defended the 29-year-old.
Sandra Perkovic (Diskus/Croatia): In 2011, the 2012 Olympic Games, World Championships of 2013 and the European Championships from 2010 to 2016 were positively tested on the banned stimulant methylhexanamine.
Perkovic denied the knockable intake and was locked for six months.
The four broadest prizes this year will go to the account of the big gold favorites.
LaShawn Merritt (200, 400, 4x400-m-Staffel/USA): The Beijing Olympic winner and two world champion over 400 m, was positively tested in 2010 and 21 months.
One of the funds for penis enlargement was the responsibility of Merritt.
This year, the 30-year old is over 200 and 400 m the fastest man in the world.
Iwan Tichon (Hammerthrow, Belarus): Hardly a athlete has been spared so many medals afterwards.
For example, Tichon lost his WM title from 2005 to nine years later, after he found testosteron doping.
The 40 year old also had to make Olympia-Silber 2004 for steroid dopings and the European Championship title in 2006 for testosteron abuse.
He also received the bronze medal of the 2008 Olympic Games as a result of a judgment of the International Court of Sports Court CAS.
With 80.04 m it is placed on rank two of the world ranking list.
Liu Hong Kong (20 km, China): The world record and gold favorites have only been positively tested in May, but must nonetheless start in Rio.
The 29 year old World Championships found references to the use of a banned food supplement, the blocking of the World Anti-Doping Agency WADA fell mildly and ended on 13 July.
Bombing in Thailand - Austrians injured - Several deaths
The Austrian Embassy in Thailand was in contact with the woman, said the spokesperson of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Thomas Schnöll, Friday morning.
She has suffered cuts and has been treated in hospital, but have already been able to leave it.
Your home trip was scheduled for the beginning of September.
It is still unclear whether the other explosions on the island of Phuket, as well as in the southern towns of Surat Thani, Phang Nga, Trang and Chumphon, also affect Austrian citizens.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs is in constant contact with local authorities.
Hua Hin, located around 200 km south of Bangkok's capital, has exploded in two bombs on Thursday evening in a quarter of the city.
According to the police, a Thai woman was killed and about 20 people were injured, including the Austrians, three Germans, three Dutch and three Italians.
Friday morning, there were once again two exploits, and another human being killed, according to the authorities.
A bomb explosion was also reported by Phuket in the morning.
A taxi driver was injured in the detonation near the popular beach of Patong, which was popular on holidaymakers.
In Surat Thani on the south-east coast of the country, another bomb killed an urban employee.
The earthquake, according to the authorities, went into the air in a flower bed in front of the Refour of the Coastal Police.
After the end of the Second World War, Phang Nga and Trang, on the south-west coast and in Chumphon on the south-east coast, called for a number of injuries.
From a connection with the explosions in Hua Hin, it was said.
"The bomb attacks carry the same manuscript," said Army General Danai Kritmethavee Friday morning before journalists.
"We believe that this is a coordinated attack."
It is too early to comment on possible motives - but probably they are the actions of Muslim rebels.
Thai media, too, wanted to recognize in the attacks a pattern typical of the bombing of Muslim separatists in the south of the country.
The Thai police, on the other hand, said that the attacks were not related to the Islamist insurgency or to international terrorism.
"This is only local sabotage, limited to limited areas and provinces," said a spokesperson in Bangkok.
Rather, it is believed that the bombs of opponents of the ruling military junta have been laid.
In the past few days, the authorities would have received secret references to imminent attacks in the south of the country, but they were not informed about the exact time and the places.
It is still unclear which group is behind the attacks.
The police told their officials throughout the country to strengthen security around important government buildings and airports, stations, tourist attractions, restaurants and entertainment districts.
In Thailand, there are still small bomb attacks, but most of them are not directed against tourists.
In Hua Hin is a palace that has been used for years by Thailand's King Bhumibol Adulyadej.
After the current bomb explosions, the Austrian Ministry of Foreign Affairs recommends on its homepage to comply with the instructions of the Thai security authorities.
High security risk (security level 3) applies to the provinces of Narathiwat, Yala, Pattani and Songhkla as well as Preah Vihear and surroundings.
After clashes between security forces and Muslim populations, there is no need to travel to these provinces.
Increased security risk (security level 2) applied to the rest of the country.
The attacks on Thursday and Friday took place a few days after a controversial referendum on a constitution prepared by the military junta.
This will give the military a great deal of influence over the next few years.
Junta boss and Prime Minister Prayut Chan-o-cha said that the bombs were an attempt to stifle chaos while the country is moving towards stability, an improvement in the economic situation and tourism.
The military unta, which took power in 2014 after a period of bloody unrest, considers itself to have been able to bring the kingdom back to stability and order.
However, the military has not been able to cope with the insurgency of Muslim rebels who have been living in the extreme south of the country for years.
More than 6500 people have already been killed in the conflict.
Almost a year ago, in Bangkok, 20 people were killed in an attack on a popular Hindu shrine - most of them foreign tourists.
It was the most bloody attack on the country's recent history.
The right-wing "identitarian movement" has been targeted by the Federal Office for Constitutional Protection.
According to several state offices, the constitutive guards in the covenant have also kept the group under observation.
"We see the "Identity Movement" as evidence of efforts against the liberal democratic basic order," said constitutional protection chef Hans-Georg Maate of the German Press Agency in Berlin.
Thus, immigrants in Islamic faith or from the Middle East are being defamed in an extremist way.
That is why we are now seeing the movement.
The "identitarian movement" is a group with French roots that has been active in Germany since 2012.
It is opposed to "multiculti-Wahn," "uncontrolled mass immigration," and the "loss of their own identity."
Constitutionalists in nine federal states - Bremen, Bavaria, Hessen, Berlin, Baden-Württemberg, NRW, Lower Saxony, Sachsen and Thuringia - are already seeing the "identity bears."
Maate said that his authority had been closely aligned with the local authorities in the decision.
"Groups like the identitarian movement try to pick up their target group because it stands," said the chief of the constitution.
In general, extremists try to raise them with youthful language, often with poppic music.
Both Islamists and right-wing extremists would do.
This is not a concrete advertisement for your own cause.
Propaganda is intended to appeal to people.
Young people are particularly vulnerable.
That is dangerous.
Last year, there were reports from several federal states about contacts of the "identitarian" to AfD-politicians.
He said that he had no knowledge of this.
For constitutional protection, possible contacts of this kind are only relevant from a point of view.
It is a question of whether the respective parties - in this case the AfD - will change their direction by certain individuals who are extremist, and become so extremist.
It is therefore crucial that those people have a tax influence on the party.
This is not recognisable.
In view of the significant increase in legal offences and attacks on asylum seekers and refugee camps, he said that he would not yet speak of new right-wing terrorism.
But we have seen over the past few years that there can be constitutional structures.
There was the Old School Society or the Freital Group.
It may well be that other legalistic groups or groups of microgroups are formed that are planning attacks on asylum seekers, on refugees or attacks from other far-right motives.
But no German or Europe-wide control of legal terrorism is recognisable.
The existing groups have been created at the regional level or in social networks.
He was concerned about the fact that many attacks took place on the account of people who did not appear in the right scene before.
That is the cause of concern.
Many of the suspects involved in attacks on asylum accommodation were not known previously as criminals, politically motivated criminals or supporters of the right scene.
"So many people have committed crimes which, in the past, had nothing to do with right-wing extremists, who were perhaps politically indifferent or elected for example, such as the CDU, the SPD or the Left, who were then radicalised by right-wing extremists."
Rio 2016: ROBEL Kiros Habte becomes Internethit
The Olympic Games or the world records do not always have the headlines at the Olympic Games.
This shows the courageous appearance of ROBEL Kiros at the summer games in Rio de Janeiro.
In the Aquatics Center, the slightly overweight float from Ethiopia was so slow that it could no longer be seen in the TV pictures.
It simply disappeared - no matter how far the cut was selected.
In the social networks, Habte subsequently became a viral internethit.
In fact, the 24 year old, with a backlog of 48 seconds, finished its course and occupied the 59th place of 59 starters.
But it was rather his not exactly sporty figure who drew the attention of the international media.
Why does the 24 year old take part in the Olympic Games?
The Ethiopian got a special start law from the international swimming pool.
This is distributed in order to make swimming in under-represented countries more well-known.
As the majority of the athlete was running in the field, Habte simply wanted to do something else.
Preparation is all: ROBEL Kiros Habte is ready for the big race.
The first nicknames quickly made the round.
Some media called it "ROBEL of the Wal."
The English tabloid "The Sun" with "Dad Bod" made fun of it.
His time, he only beat with one minute and almost five seconds over the 100 m free style, played no role here.
Comparisons with "Eric the Eel" were also drawn.
At the 2000 Olympic Games in Sydney, the course of Eric Moussambani provided media attention.
The appearance of the swimmer from Equatorial Guinea was an unforgettable experience, when it had to take over 100 metres of free style on its own.
Frenetically, Moussambani was fired at the time.
The then 22-year-old learned to swim only eight months before Olympia and had never had such a long distance before the competition.
A seat at the forefront of the stunning architecture of the Los Angeles Central Library
Learn more about the history of the central library in the city centre, since the Society of Architectural Historians/Southern California Chapter holds a salon with Arnold Schwartzman and Stephen Gee, the author of the new book "Los Angeles Central Library: A History of its Art and Architecture."
It is planned that Gee and Schwartmann will discuss and share pictures of the 1926 Bertram Goodhue Design and the 1993 Restoration and Supplement of Hardy Holzman Pfeiffer Associates.
The Salon is scheduled for 21 August from 14.00 to 16.00 in Salle Modern in the Art Deco Southwestern School of Law (formerly Bullock Wilshire), 3050 Wilshire Blvd.
Visitors can visit the central hall, the stylish rooms, the Kaktuslounge and the Teesalon.
Only pre-sale tickets; SAH / SCC Members, $15; non-members, $25.
An open industrial often in DTLA receives a cosy macro
We celebrate the 90.th birthday of the Central Library of L.A. - what else? - A new book
Geretsried - The holder of a charge at the New Square has been stolen.
According to the police, the 67-year-old tanners had left their business on Monday at 5.30 p.m., forgetting to close a window on the ground floor.
When it came back at 8.15 a.m. the next morning, around 250 euros had disappeared from the coffers.
Traces of the perpetrator could not be found.
Even a video surveillance is not available.
Trump does not see the looming electoral defeat so narrow
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump speaks at an election campaign in Florida.
If there is nothing about the election to the US President, Donald Trump already has an alternative video.
He then goes on on holiday.
If Donald Trump loses the US presidential election in November, he would be relatively indifferent: "In the end, it will either fold, or I have a very, very nice, long holiday," said the Republican candidate in a phone interview with the US TV station CNBC.
If it is not enough for him for reasons of political correctness, be that in order, Trump said.
For example, he called US President Barack Obama and the Democratic candidate, Hillary Clinton, as the founder of the Islamic State of Islamic State (ISIS).
Within his party, more and more resistance emerged.
Post rises to trade in electric transporters
An electric delivery vehicle of the Deutsche Post in action.
The interest of other companies in the vehicle is obviously great.
The post plans to sell its electric vehicle streetscooter.
The company intends to start trading with the transporter in the near future.
The postal service wants to offer its electric transporters in the free car market from next year.
"We want to get involved in the sale to third parties," said a post spokesman on Friday.
The company has been checking for months whether it is going to sell its own developed stream scooter, with which letters and packets are delivered to other companies.
Post-management Jürgen Gerdes had said that there were repeated inquiries, such as craftsmen.
According to the news magazine "Der Spiegel," the Bonn Group intends to enter the mass production of the vehicles in the near future.
In the post-own factory, the company plans to build up to 10,000 cars per year and layer.
Gerdes announced that the company wanted to expand its fleet of electric cars and, in the long term, a complete switch to environmentally friendly vehicles.
"We will make a very, very resilient step towards 2020," he said at the end of July.
I can imagine that we will change the entire fleet.
The StreetScooter has been active on Germany's roads since 2014.
GfK's leadership comes after disappointing business figures
The consumer research company GfK exchanged its head, Matthias Hartmann.
The resignations came suddenly - but not quite surprisingly.
The difficult situation of the market research company GfK showed that the chair of the Executive Board, Matthias Hartmann, becomes all the more uncertain the longer the success he has promised.
Turbulent at the head of the Nuremberg market research company GfK: Once again disappointing business figures and the resignation of the company's management are the world's number five in front of a personal new beginning.
GfK CEO will leave the company at the end of the year.
The Chairman of the GfK Supervisory Board, Arno Mahert, is already leaving the Supervisory Board with effect from 12 September.
The management board of the Management Board will take over the previous member of the Board of Management, Gerhard Hausruckinger, as of 1 September, informed the company.
He should officially take over the function of a "board speaker," until a successor for Hartmann was found.
As a reason for the resignations, the company called "different views" for long-term business orientation.
Details did not want to call a business spokesperson on Friday.
It is still unclear who will lead the market research company in the future.
In investor circles it was said on Friday that the shareholders were most disappointed with the continued success of the restructuring undertaken years ago.
Mr Hartmann has been at the GfK head since 2011.
"The fruits of the restructuring are not yet to be seen after 5 years," said it.
In view of the last bad GfK business figures, each shareholder will at some point be restless.
"If this were the case at BMW, that would be the same thing as the quandts," he said.
After setbacks, the company had not been able to stop its loss drive in the second quarter of 2016.
With 361.2 million euros, sales fell by 6.1 percent below the level of the same quarter of the previous year.
In the first half of the year, sales declined by 3.4% with EUR 721.2 million.
The profit gained in the second quarter mainly affected the company's reduced value in the face of its difficult economic situation.
The company's value write-downs of 139 million euros, which were needed in the Consumer Experience Division, gave the group a loss of EUR 148.2 million.
In the second quarter of 2015, GfK generated a consolidated profit of 19.7 million.
Accidents - Bus slipped in crummers: Eight injuries
In the event of an accident of a coach with 43 seniors as passengers, eight people were injured on thursday in Krummhearing (Landkreis Aurich).
Two of the occupants suffered serious injuries, told the police.
The 66 year old driver of the bus of a travel company from Eisenach had to evade her data according to the opposite route, some of which went on the opposite road.
The bus came to the right from the street and slipped into a ditch, as a spokesperson of the police Aurich/Wittmund reported.
"Because of the situation of the bus, people could not leave the bus independently," she said.
The fire brigade liberated the occupants.
Six rescue cars and an emergency vehicle came to the point of accident on the state road 2.
The remaining passengers were taken from a regular bus back to the crumbling area of Pewsum.
They should wait for a replacement bus for the travel company.
The investigators asked the lorry experienced and possible witnesses to report to the police.
The fee per cubic metre of wastewater is from 1 October 2016 for the area of the new village of Neudorf/Reuth/Welschenkahl 3.44 instead of up to now 2.10 euros; for Zultenberg/Lindenberg/Lopp 3.36 euros (currently 2.26 euros) and for Azendorf 3.64 euros (up to 2.18 euros so far).
At the plant in Azendorf, the wastewater fee will be increased again at the latest if appropriate improvement measures are needed.
After an excessive calculation, the wastewater price in Azendorf will be 4.37 euros per cubic metre.
As Mayor Bernd Steinhaus (CSU) reported, in the approval of the budget by the Landrat Kulmbach, it was found that there were undercuts for these wastewater plants.
Due to legal bases, the Kasendorf market is obliged to operate the facilities on a cost basis.
As of 1 October 2016, the citizens, as well as the industrial and industrial companies from Welschenkahl, Neudorf, Reuth, Azendorf, Lopp, Lindenberg and Zultenberg will have to get deeper into the purse.
Charges are between 48 and 67%.
As executive director Herbert Schmidt pointed out to the body, a recalculation of the fees for the wastewater facilities of the market community was necessary.
Over the period from October 2016 to September 2020, it is also necessary to compensate for excess or undercover from the previous calendar period.
The serious charges raised by charges were justified by the fact that all three sewerage plants are relatively small, with a very low sewerage case, between 6800 and 12000 cubic meters per year.
For example, the small distribution base would have a serious impact on expenses for necessary repairs of several thousand euros.
Furthermore, the volume of wastewater in all three installations is slightly diminishing.
Furthermore, in the past calculation period, all three installations, not least because of their age of rehabilitation and repair, have been affected to a significant extent.
The plant in Azendorf is almost 30 years old, the plants for Welzschenkahl, Neudorf and Reuth as well as Zultenberg, Lindenberg and Lopp almost 20 years.
Schmidt pointed out that in the Azendorf wastewater plant the mechanical ventilation system had to be exchanged for damage.
At the Pumpwerk Welschenkahl, the nearly 20 years old conveyor equipment had to be overtaken from the ground, and in the pond Lopp, after nearly 20 years of operation, the first sewage sludge had to be washed out, the sewage sludge was disposed of and an additional ventilation facility had to be installed in order to be able to comply with the water requirements.
Schmidt: "For these extraordinary expenses, the advanced care and maintenance costs that must be taken into account in the new calculation period."
The same applies to electricity costs, which were still significantly below current levels in the previous calculation of 2011/2012.
Stone houses made it clear that at the low level of wastewater in the three plants the expenses for operation and maintenance are "fully through."
The market community has been spared large entertainment costs for wastewater plants over the past 20 years.
The situation for these facilities will continue to remain precarious, in the view of stone houses, especially since the supply area of the Friesenbachtal basin is not possible to extend these facilities because they are deficient.
Bulgaria recorded inflation for the first time in 8 months
National statistics show that inflation in Bulgaria was 1% on a monthly basis in July.
This is the highest value (since June 2012) and the first from zero since October last year, as a positive 0.2%.
Annual average inflation of the last 12 months (August 2015 - July 2016) compared to the previous 12 months (August 2014 - July 2015), measured according to the CPI -0.8%.
The consumer price index in July 2016 compared to June 2016 was 101.0%, i.e. monthly inflation was 1.0%.
The inflation rate since the beginning of the year (July 2016 compared to December 2015) was -0.2% and annual inflation in July 2016 compared to -0.2% in July 2015.
In July 2016, a rise in the following categories of consumer goods was observed in comparison to the previous month: Food and non-alcoholic drinks (1.7%); transport (1.8%); leisure and culture (6.3%); restaurants and hotels (1.2%); different goods and services (0.3%).
Prices for clothing and shoes (2.2%); furniture, household appliances and routine maintenance (0.5%); health (0.1%).
Prices remained as in the previous month for alcoholic drinks and tobacco; housing, water, electricity, gas and other fuels; communication; and education unchanged.
Snapchat "Anime" Effects as Asian cartoon
Snapchat says that this filter is inspired, but some observers say that it is insensitive to races.
With its filter tool, Snapchat enables around 150 million daily users to change reality and to play with identities in such a way that borders on the absurd.
You can turn into a pineapple, a dog or a figure that could be out of a kind of Lichtenstein painting.
The filters are rugged, self-defeating tools that create more than 30 million improved selections per day.
All misdeeds go to the public.
Snapchat filters have been criticised in the past, in which they were accused of promoting the use of the Blackface or white skin as a beauty deal.
When, this week, some users proposed a filter that gave them slimming, wrong teeth, and evicted cheeks, some critics called a racist caricature of Asians - "Gelbgesicht."
They wondered whether these repeated controversies pointed to a major problem that the company has with diversity.
The news and indignation were widespread on Wednesday, with reports from The Verge and Motherboard, one day after Snapchat announced that it would have deactivated the feature.
The company offered an apology: The filter was conceived as a tribute to anime characters and not as a caricature of Asians.
But outsiders who have seen racism reminded the filter of vulnerable stereotypes.
Others rejected the anime-comparison.
In an email, Grace Sparapani wrote, a Korean-American art student whose Tweet was widely disseminated over the photos, that the filter was "vulnerable and, to say the least, inconvenient."
She added that "it is difficult to argue with the comparison of a very disgusting Asian caricature and the filter effects.
It shows that the filter is not yellow, but that the yellow light has been dragged to the extreme.
Snapchat is not the only company that crosses this cultural stumbling block.
American culture appears to be implicated in an endless diversity and integration campaign, from conference rooms to Hollywood and the devices that we all hold in their hands.
And Snapchats's large audience of young people - who are more diverse than their older counterparts - could be expected to expect sensitivity.
When one of Snapchats filters creates an image that is offensive to a user, "it is much more difficult for such things to remain unnoticed than was previously the case," said the 25-year-old Katie Zhu in an interview on Thursday.
On Thursday, Zhu, who worked as a product manager and engineer for the medium, decided to delete her Snapchat account, asking others to do the same.
In an essay for medium and in a telephone interview, she said that they believe that racial controversy reflects a lack of diversity in the recruitment practices of Snapchat.
Zhu criticized the large part of white, only male leadership, and ended her essay with a hashtag: # DeleteSnapchat.
"either they have no different representation of people with other skin colors in their workforce, so they can make such decisions," said the Chinesich-American Zhu, "or they have people with other skin colors that work there, but are not in positions where they feel safe or comfortable to say what against."
Others share their opinion, a complaint that has left Snapchat largely unanswered.
The company does not publish figures for the diversity of its staff and points out its status as a private company.
On Thursday, Snapchat refused to discuss the cultural backgrounds of its staff, but, according to a spokesman, the company has recently recruited a staff responsible, focusing on under-represented groups and on internal integration efforts.
Zhu, for her part, said that she would leave her Snapchat account and added, "I wonder if they need more users like us to be able to say that this is not O.K.."
Military leadership distorts ISIS intelligence information, closes Congress Committee
Military personnel of the United States Central Command changed intelligence information to make a more optimistic image of the war against the so-called Islamic State in Iraq and Syria than to allow the actual situation on the ground, a committee of inquiry in the Congress in a report on Thursday.
The preliminary report, drawn up by a task force of Republican members of the forces of the military, intelligence and the military budget, reports of great dissatisfaction under Central Command's intelligence analysts, who reported how its assessments were changed to the American efforts in the fight against the Islamic State.
The Central Command, in short Cencom, is the military headquarters in Tampa, Florida, which controls the American military operations in the Middle East and Central Asia.
"According to information typically sent out by High Level CENTCOM Commandeuren, a more positive picture of the American efforts against terrorism than the actual situation on the ground had allowed, and were consistently more positive than analyses of other intelligence services," a newspaper article quoted the report.
"What happened at the CENTCOM is unacceptable - our soldiers suffer when bad analyses are presented to our political leaders," said Ken Calvert, Republican member of the House of Representatives.
The management errors in the CENTCOM range to the top of the organization.
The ten-page report shows in detail persistent problems in 2014 and 2015 in the descriptions and analyses of American efforts in the training of Iraqi forces.
Although there is no direct reference to the fact that government leaders have given instructions under Obama to change reports, it shows how analysts have been exposed to the pressures of their superiors, a more optimistic picture of the Islamic State's threat, known as ISIS or ISIL.
"In the first half of 2015, many Central Command press releases, opinions and statements prior to Congress were much more positive than the facts," said the report.
For example, a CENTCOM member publicly announced that a military reconquest of Mossuls could begin in April or May 2015.
Mossul, the second largest city in Iraq, remains under the control of the Islamic State.
"After months of investigations, so much is clear." said Mike Pompeo, Republican congressman from Kansas, in an opinion.
From the middle of 2014 to the middle of 2015, Central Command's heads changed the intelligence reports to downplay the risk of ISIS in Iraq.
The Republicans set up the Task Force after they were admitted that analysts were concerned about the manipulation of reports on the Islamic State.
The report published on Thursday will be completed by more detailed information while the investigation continues.
In addition, further investigation of the CENTCOM reports by the General Inspector of the Ministry of Defence is underway.
Democratic members of the intelligence committee published their own findings on Thursday, which agreed with some of the Republican Task Force conclusions.
"In the years 2014 and 2015, the CENTCOM created an excessively limited process for the creation of intelligence assessments on ISIL and the Iraqi security services," said the supreme democrat in the Committee, a member of the House of Representatives, Adam B. ship, in an opinion.
This process, according to Mr. ship, "delayed the publication of intelligence reports," damaged the morality among analysts and "gave excessively little room for dissent."
But Mr. ship and the Democrats said that there was no evidence of the White House's intervention in the CENTCOM analyst in terms of a "certain political opinion."
The preliminary findings of the Congress's investigation were published on Tuesday by "The Daily Beast."
Last August, the New York Times reported an investigation by the Pentagon's General Inspector, who received the complaints from CENTCOM analysts.
Mr. Patrick Evans, a spokesman for the Pentagon, stated in an opinion that the Ministry of Defense would not comment on reports from the Congress, while the investigation by the General Inspectorate was still underway.
But he also acknowledged that "experts sometimes have different opinions about the interpretation of complex data, and that intelligence services and the Ministry of Defense welcome a controversial debate on these important issues of national defense."
The investigation has repercussions on the issue of a successful air campaign under American leadership in Iraq and Syria (a claim that is now being made by a growing number of members of the Ministry of Defense).
However, the allegations of last year raised the question of how President Obama can rely on the Central Command for honest assessments of military operations in Iraq, Afghanistan, Libya, and other crisis regions.
The criticism of the secret information about the Islamic State is reminiscent of more than ten years ago, when a CENTCOM analyst, Gregory Hooker, wrote a document about how George W. Bush's then government, contrary to the recommendations of many analysts, saw only a small occupying force in Iraq and had little time to worry about the consequences of the 2003 invasion.
Mr. Hooker also played a key role in the uprising against current reporting on the Islamic State.
Last year, the team around Mr. Hooker, according to government offices, noted that, contrary to the government's statements, airstrikes against the Islamic State's refineries would not have significant effects on the financial position of the terrorist group, as these provisional refineries would have been put into operation to sell oil on the black market.
However, this knowledge was not published, reported the Times in September.
Centcom's former commander, Lloyd J. Austin III, was criticized by members of the legislature for his excessively positive assessment of the war situation during a hearing in the Senate.
General Austin was retired in April and was replaced with the Central Command by Joseph L. Votel.
The US wins fourth match for women's field hockey, a showdown with Britain
One day after having shot three gates during a 6-1 victory over Japan, Katie Bam also made the first two goals for the American field hockey team of women in a match on Thursday against India that the American women won 3-0.
Five goals in two games should be a worthy achievement, but Bam (27) said that they could not remember that they had ever done.
"I have no idea," she said.
I am not one of the people who remember their goals.
However, they know that the American women stand at 4-0 in the Olympic competition and are also in their group with the Britons in the first place, which, after their 2-0 victory against Japan, remain unsecured.
Britain and the United States will meet on Saturday in the last round of the first round.
Both teams have already qualified for the quarterfinals, the game will decide which of the two within their group of six teams will each get the first and second place.
The first place will be a little longer for the strong Dutchmen who lead the other group.
Whatever the outcome of the game on Saturday, the American women have created a surprising confusion by their success story, four years after they landed at the last London Games in the last 12 places.
BAM was part of this team.
She grew in Blue Bell, Pennsylvania, and had the first time with three years in hands (her two older sisters played the sport at the Drexel University), with 16 years she became national player of the USA, the youngest in the history of the team.
They missed the Olympics in 2008, because they could not qualify for the cadre.
Then came the year 2012, where everything went wrong for her and her team.
In the following year, Craig Parnham, an Englishman, coach of the national team and thus began to turn things to better.
"A cultural change, a mental change and a physical change," Bam said.
We did not have the work in London that we now have.
We have been able to get rid of the ruder.
On Thursday evening, Bam opened the doors in the first half of the game with a handshake from the local area.
India was in the game without victory in the tournament, but the team was surprisingly tough and kept the game from 1-0 to the third quarter, until Bam took the game into its hands.
She carried out a sprint with the flat ball over the left flank, then moved into the middle and left the ball in the gate to give the American women a 2-0 lead.
Melissa Gonzalez made the final goal in the middle of the last quarter.
The Shutout was the first of the whole tournament for the USA, Jackie Briggs, who had previously had to make a goal in each of the previous games.
It has a course.
Just like Bam.
"We are in a good position," said Parnham, but how good will depend on the result of the next game on Saturday.
Amid the Rage of the Olympic Games, the Zen of Trampoline
Wherever you are, how late it is, it is the Olympic Games.
The events in Rio de Janeiro feel constant and inevitable, a rapid relay between competition and striving.
It is as if the Olympic torch itself would be a burning stair which is passed from the Armbrustprotect to the swimmer to the turner for the triathlete.
You cannot turn on the TV, read a newspaper or listen to your neighbour's conversation in the coffeeshop, without listening to Simone Biles, Katie Ledecky or the dispute between Michael Phelps and Chad le Clos.
And then there is Logan Dooley.
Dooley, who is for the first time in the Olympic Games and a female swarm with greetings, could well have been among these well-known names that are sent to Prime Time, built by sponsors and feel-good TV advertising, if he would be a swimmer, turner or even real.
But Dooley, 28, from Lake Forest, California, is battling for gold in the Olympic trampolines.
The Olympic flame does not shed light on every event.
Further from the centre, partly in the shade are the sports, which are not universally recognized: Air pistols, archery, badminton, taekwondo.
We will always have the breast swim and may be there for a long time.
But if I humbly make arguments for my particular darling, I would like to draw your attention to the discreet charm of the trampoline.
Although the trampoline has been an Olympic event since 2000, when it had its debut in Sydney, the last 16 years have been so sparingly perceived that many, I had asked, did not know that it is an Olympic sport in the first place.
This could also be regional ignorance.
Despite the fact that the US sent athletes to the competition, it has never won a medal in trampoling, and had had an athlete by 2012, who managed it to the end.
The Chinese and the Russians tend to get the prices for the men and the Chinese and the Canadians to share in women.
Dong Dong from China and Rosie MacLennan from Canada will defend their gold medal from London this year.
The trampoline has a certain outsider charms, partly because it is suitable for the unenlightened ear for a clowns school that sounds for the Olympic Games.
At this point I should admit that I am not an expert, but only a geothermal enthusiast.
It has humoristic potential - the cartoonous citation of his never-ending upshot - but also the grace of the tournament and diving, the two sports that essentially unite it.
The word "trampoline" comes from the Spanish El Trampoline, which means so much like "springboard."
Rising winner jumps on a gigantic trampoline, shoot almost up to 30 feet in the air and need a series of falling movements (turning, hues and balances) before they end up on the feet.
According to the official Olympic programme, they are assessed on the basis of performance, level of difficulty and "flight time."
Two thousand athletes from 17 countries, 16 men and 16 women, will face each other in Rio.
The most common Olympic vector is straight.
Medal hopes must continue in their quest for gold, faster, upwards and above, sometimes to the target, sometimes to and back, upwards and downwards in the playground.
They are not only hunting the finishing line or the original wall, but also in television broadcasting another kind of polish objective: That of the world or of the Olympics.
The purposeful quest is noble, admirable, even fanatical - and it is enough to stir even a spectator to tears.
But it is also what I feel rather tiring when watching these games.
The trampoline offers a breathing space.
The trampoline vector is above.
A forward movement is not the goal.
He or she turns off, apparently heavier than an astronaut, goes upwards, then downwards, then effortlessly again.
Here too there is a competition, of course not without difficulty, but during the exercise there is no hectic attack on the goal, no vaults in the distance, only the dreamful, elegant lifting of time and gravity.
It can only be as much as competition in the Olympic Games.
The qualification and final stages of the women will take place on Friday afternoon, in the streaming around 13.00 Eastern Time; that of the men on Saturday, also at 13.00.
NBC will broadcast the ends as part of a afternoon block from 14.00.
In the midst of the Olympic mania, they promise a quiet, nice moment, one that is likely to be overlooked in the general tumult.
If awareness raising can only be achieved through the creation and objectification of male athletes - as the male US turner suggested a short time ago according to The Wall Street Journal - then Mr Dooley expects the new fan community to follow his air.
"One generation protesting" in Ethiopia, Long an ally of the US
Violent protests in Ethiopia
Protesters demanding political change in Ethiopia were committed to violent resistance from the government.
Witnesses say that many protesters were killed during the clashes with the police.
Is Ethiopia going to collapse?
Over the past decade, it has been one of Africa's most stable countries, a solid ally of the West with a fast-growing economy.
But, in recent months, protests against the government have shaken the country and expanded in more and more areas.
Last week, thousands of people stormed on the streets and demanded fundamental political changes.
The government's response was ruthless, according to human rights organisations.
Witnesses said that policemen were shot and killed on dozens of unarmed demonstrators.
In circulating videos about the protests, which are likely to be the last or the beginning of this year, show how security men beat young people with sticks, while they were forced to make a stand against a wall.
The head of the UN Human Rights Agency is now asking for an in-depth investigation.
"It has always been difficult to keep this country together and in future it will become even more difficult," said Rashid Abdi, the leader of the Horn of Africa of the International Crisis Group, a research group.
Ethiopia is the most populous country in Africa, and its stability is cherished by the West.
American military and secret services work closely with the Ethiopians to fight terrorist threats across the region, particularly in Somalia, with few countries in Africa, if anything, receiving so much Western assistance.
Ethiopia's economy expanded at a considerable rate.
Its infrastructure has improved dramatically - there is a new commuter train in the capital Addis Ababa.
The streets are usually quiet, safe and clean.
Although Ethiopia was far from being a model for democracy - human rights organisations have continuously cited oppression by the government - the opposition in the country has been restricted, with dissidents being effectively silenced.
Many were sent to exile or to prison, killed or driven into the walls of the desert.
But this could change.
"If you suppress people and have no other options except to protest, it breaks out," said Seyoum Teshome, a lecturer in Central Ethiopia.
All young people are protesting.
A generation is protesting.
There are numerous complaints that cover everything from the use of land to the stranglehold on power of the ruling coalition.
After a widely criticised election last year, the ruling party and its allies received the last opposition's seat and now control 100% of Parliament.
At the same time, the tensions along the border with Eritrea are rising; a fight for this delicate, contentious line called for hundreds of lives in June.
Analysts fear that separatists, such as the Oromo Liberation Front, or the Ogaden's National Liberation Front, which have been forced more or less defeated in recent years, could explode the turbulence and rearmed themselves.
Several factors explain why feelings of bitterness after years of maneuvering beneath the surface are now exploding.
The first seems to be harmless: Smart phones.
Only in recent years, many Ethiopians have been able to communicate through social media, as cheaper smartphones have become more common and Internet services have improved.
Even if the government blocks access to Facebook and Twitter, what it does at regular intervals, especially in protests, many people can still communicate via Internet proxies that hide where they are.
Several young Ethiopians said that they gathered themselves to protest.
The second factor is that there is more solidarity between the Oromos and Amharas, the two largest ethnic groups in Ethiopia.
The Oromos and Amharas are not natural enemies.
Since Eons, the Amharas, mostly Christian highlands, have prospered in politics and the economy, while exploiting the Oromos, many of whom are Muslims and live in lowlands.
But that, too, is changing.
"We are in the process of coordinating under one umbrella," said Mulatu Gemechu, a leader of the Oromos.
The biggest protests took place in the areas of the Amhara and Oromos.
Many Amharas and Oromos have the feeling that Ethiopia is unfairly dominated by members of the Tigray ethnic group, which account for around 6% of the population and are dominant in the military, secret services, trade and politics.
The third reason for the unrest is the death of Meles Zenawi.
Mr Meles, a former rebel leader, was the Prime Minister of Ethiopia for 17 years until his death on an unpublicised disease in 2012.
He was regarded as a tactical genius, a man who could think of corners.
Analysts say that he was particularly adept at seeing early evidence of discontent and using special envoys to process adversaries and make them harmless.
"The current regime lacks this fundamental skill," said Mr Abdi, a conflict analyst.
Ethiopia's new Prime Minister, Hailemariam Desalegn, was chosen for relatively obscure reasons to take the position of Mr Meles.
Unlike Mr Meles, who came from the Tigray region of North Ethiopia, Mr Hailemariam comes from the south.
Analysts say that it does not enjoy the confidence of the security services controlled by the Tigray.
Many fear that the result will be more bloodshed.
The last time Ethiopia experienced such a revolt was in 2005, after thousands protested against elections, which, according to analysts, seem to have been swamped and stolen by the government.
During the following raids, many protesters were killed, even if it was less than in recent months, and this period of unrest has passed relatively quickly.
Development experts praised Ethiopia's leaders for their visionary infrastructure planning, such as the new commuter train, as well as for their measurable progress in the fight against poverty.
But it is obvious that this did not prevent the Ethiopian Government's intensification of its internal resentment.
And it adopts a dangerous ethnic form.
Last month, protesters in Gondar, an amusing city, run by Tigray, and the hatred of Tigray, became increasingly common in the social media.
Analysts say that the protests bring the US and other Western allies in a peculiar position.
The American administration used Ethiopia as a base for round-the-counter flights over neighbouring Somalia, even though it recently announced that it has closed this base.
While the West clearly wants to support democracy, it does not want his ally to collapse in an already volatile area.
"This," said Mr Abdi, "is a very thin migration."
Donald Trump declared Obama's assertion that ISIS was "sarcasm"
Donald J. Trump, on Friday, tried to dispel the last controversy that surrounds his campaign by claiming that his repeated claim that President Obama and Hillary Clinton was the "founder" of the Islamic State's terrorist group was not serious.
This clarification raised new questions about the communication capabilities of the Republican presidential candidate, whether it was clear and comprehensible to communicate with the American public.
It also brings his colleagues, who are trying to protect him during an eventful period, in the peculiar position of having to explain statements that he could not have meant at all.
Having made the suggestion at a campaign event on Wednesday evening, Mr. Trump resisted the claim on Thursday and insisted in interviews that he really did not intend to suggest that the President and Mrs. Clinton would have created ISIS.
But, in an early morning tweet on Friday, Mr. Trump said that he was simply sarcastic.
The Tweet was the opposite of the previous day when Mr. Trump said in a series of interviews that he was very serious about the accusation.
When the conservative radio station, Hugh Heaten, wanted to help Trump to weaken the statement by reminding him that Mr. Obama wants to destroy ISIS, the Republican presidential candidate did not want to know anything about it.
The last storm of criticism crashed on Mr. Trump, while trying to direct the focus of his campaign to the economic situation due to falling surveys.
Mr. Trump and Mrs. Clinton held speeches on the state of the state in Michigan this week.
On Friday, Mr. Trump tried to return to this issue.
On Twitter, he warned that Mrs. Clinton's proposals would lead to higher taxes and that he found her speech boring.
Mr. Trump has already put sarcasm at his defense.
At the end of July, he received strong criticism when he said that the Russians should hack Mrs. Clinton's emails, but later he said "Of course, I thought the sarcastic."
This method allows Mr. Trump to defer the linguistic limits in politics and then go back to need.
"I think it is one of his methods to test how certain messages are received by his fans, how they arrive, and then, if necessary, "to make clear, depending on what the response is," said Ruth Sherman, a communication expert who observed the language of both candidates.
But I also believe he is clever enough to keep his statements vague enough so that they can be interpreted in different ways.
Rather than defying the tone for the presidential election, Trump has adopted an even more negative tone, as its survey values have continued to decline.
A new survey by NBC/Wall Street Journal/Marist, published on Friday, showed a leading lead in the states North Carolina, Virginia, Colorado and a head-head race in Florida.
While Mr. Trump is generally trying not to apologize for his provocative statements, he often accuses his critics of distorting what he says or misunderstand his humor.
But, while he has stepped up the focus of attention in the last few months of his presidential campaign, Mr. Trump's Scherze has brought his loyal colleagues into the uncompromisable situation of having to face him, no matter how provocative his statements may be.
Rudolph W. Giuliani, former Mayor of New York and one of Trump's most prominent princes, took great trouble to defend the candidate today in a CNN interview of Thursday.
"I believe what he says are legitimate, political comments," Mr. Giuliani said about the accuracy of Mr. Trump's statements, whether Mr. Obama and Mrs. Clinton had established the Islamic State.
It is true, in this sense, that before Obama, ISIS was an almost unknown, small organization, he called it back brokers, completely wrong, and so it happened because it withdrew the troops from Iraq.
Most mainstream Republicans try to argue that the Obama administration, in which Mrs. Clinton served as Secretary of State, allowed ISIS to spread out by failing to control the situation in the Middle East aggressively.
Prior to the election campaign in Pennsylvania on Friday, Mr. Trump continued his attacks on the media and accused them of being slandered and biased on each of his words.
He mocked the "poor, pitiful" television experts who try to understand it and said 'You cannot do it!'.
Some of the Democrats mocked about Mr. Trump's excuse as yet another proof that he was unsuitable for the presidency.
Once sold over the price of the market, Café is back in Greenpoint
Verb Cafe was a damaged coffee shop in Williamsburg, in which one could only pay cash, which had no Wi-Fi, but for 15 years it served good coffee.
Of course, the prices from his Bedford Avenue crowd out of charge.
The Soap Cherie business, which replaced the verb in the summer of 2014, sells soap in the form of Cupcakes.
Indigenous people have been the last loss in a city that is gentrified.
The artist Molly Crabapple wrote on Twitter, "I know, New York is changing, but I still cannot believe that CBGB is dead, the Chelsea hotel is excluded and verb is now a soap business."
But if New York is changing, it is also reinventing.
A revived Verb Cafe opened in Greenpoint last November, less than a mile north of its original location.
The new verb has Wi-Fi and accepts credit cards, but still has some of the same employees and a similarly simple atmosphere.
The coffee is still good.
The new owner of the verb is Cisco Rodriguez, a longtime employee of the old café, the owner and managing director of the new café.
He started working at Verb in 2001 and remained there until the end.
When a customer offered to provide funds for a new outpost, he was excited to do it, he said.
Rodriguez, 36, maintained a great deal.
Verb used the same espresso machine model to use the same distributor for the Bagels.
It even uses the same lamps from the old verb.
But Rodriguez said that he also wanted to experiment.
He introduced new ingredients.
On the menu there are sandwiches with bacon and cheese and there are garnizations such as capers and soaked onions.
There are natural travel dishes.
The café no longer serves a beer, and there are fresh juices for this purpose.
After nine months, Rodriguez said that he had noticed a constant stream of old regular customers.
"many old customers have also been squeezed out by prices from Williamsburg," he said.
Recently on a Sunday Rebecca Oliveira was such a customer.
Oliveira, 34, lived earlier in Williamsburg and visited the verb regularly.
Even after she moved to Greenpoint, she would take the path.
After the verb had closed, she gave a while the coffee box, she said.
"It was clear to me that it was the coffee and the culture of the verb that struck me," she said.
Now she is drinking coffee again, even if she ordered a blended Chai Tea on this day, instead of her usual Iced coffee, which is another new addition.
Since the beginning of the verb in 2003, Tom Rosenthal has been another long-standing and faithful customer.
He went there before the work and inevitably ordered the same.
"I came quarter after seven, every day, like a Swiss pocket watch and they prepare my Everything-Bagel with butter," he said.
Photo Rodriguez said he wanted to experiment and incorporate new ingredients into the menu.
Today, Rosenthal still gets his usual order, but sometimes he changes his Everything-Bagel with bacon, egg and cheese.
Rodriguez said that he did not think that the soap shop took the old business room.
In fact, the owners of the Soap Cherie offered to produce a special soap for verb with the coffee of the café as an ingredient.
"I think we will go back to their offer," said Rodriguez.
And the traditional Polish inhabitants, Greenpoints, have also accepted the café.
A new customer has translated the menu into the Polish and Rodriguez said that he plans to exhibit it soon so that his new neighbours feel welcome.
The site also has other advantages.
A local juice shop wants to fill in and sell the hot coffee in the bottle.
There is an opportunity to expand the café to a nearby building.
For many customers, a new verb is enough to get their old favorites.
Joseph Witt was a regular customer, saying that he was destroyed on the ground when the café closed.
When the new café opened, Whitt said that the entry of the restaurant and the order felt a new coffee like a return.
"I had to smell it," he said.
The depressing food of the economic crisis in "a rich meal"
In March 1933, shortly after his rise to the president, Franklin Delano Roosevelt took his lunch in the Oval Office.
As a gourmet, President Roosevelt had a Faible for refined delicatessen from Fifth Avenue, such as Pâte de foie gras and Maryland waterturtle soup.
Its menu on this day was slightly more modest: Filled eggs in tomato sauce, potato puree and as desserts a plum pudding.
"It was an act of culinary solidarity with people suffering," said Jane Ziegelman.
Her husband Andrew Coe added, "It was also a message to Americans how they should eat."
The couple lives in Brooklyn Heights and are both food historians.
Coes last book "Chop Suey" was about Chinese cuisine in the US, while Ziegelman told her book "97 Orchard" about life in a home on the lower East Side from the food perspective.
Her latest collaboration, "A decent meal," which will be released on Tuesday in Harper Verlag, illustrates the history of American cuisine during the Great Depression.
They showed culinary solidarity when they met with a reporter at the Eisenberg's Sandwich Shop for dinner, a small snake snack in the Flatiron District, which has been in the business since the 1929 stock market crash.
Ziegelman, 54, ordered a fresh cheese sandwich with olives, while Coe, 57, Truthahn had a potato purple and vegetable mixture.
When the reporter ordered Hackbraten, this was the couple for a discussion about food in the Great Depression era.
"Great food was very popular," said Ziegelman.
There was ground bread, liver cheese and bean bread.
They were made from an ingredient and something cheap, which is the ingredient of the ingredient.
Imagine to eat so many nuts that they serve them as dinner.
CoE grinded.
"It must be in the stomach like lead," he said.
In the years before the Great Depression, the table was in an American budget, especially in rural areas, an all-you-can-eat buffet.
Teams of women coined for male Feldarmen and it was served with freshly baked pastes for breakfast, lunch and dinner.
It was the Americans who sent food to starving Europeans during the first World War, and "a Square Meal" sets out the ways in which the country could no longer be the shlaring country.
"It was a time when food was a central, tense topic for Americans," Coe said, why he and his wife wanted to write about it.
The new budget disobedience was just as tense: Mysterious foods such as bread and casserole have become staple foods, the casserole as a "wonderful way of revaluing the remains of food," noted the gods, as cooks could hide unappetizing ingredients under a creamy sauce.
Fresh fruit was replaced by cheaper dry fruit.
Meat, which was the focus of American cuisine for years, became a seldom served luxury.
Unique mixtures have been tried out, since a calorious and nourishing satisfaction took precedence over taste or even healthy cooking.
During her search for the book, which includes recipes, Ziegelman prepared a court of this period, baked onions with peanut butter.
"It was not a popular addition to lunch," says Coe.
Ziegelmann continues: "It was surreal."
Peel butter and baked onions do not match each other.
It was typical for many of the homebusiness receptions.
As never before, or since then, household economists - including Louise Stanley, head of the Federal Bureau of Home Economics between 1923 and 1943 - have been doing so in such a way.
By publishing recipes and articles in newspapers and magazines, they encouraged women to become "household politicians" and to meet the challenge of turning pampe like creamy spaghetti with carnival into delicious meals.
"A Square Meal" is a feast of the historical Leckerbissen.
In particular, the reports of the government's response to the starving citizens, such as President Herbert Hoovers Lass-mich-Kuchen-Essen, are particularly tasty.
While he publicly praised the simple Iowa Farmhouse kitchen of his kitchen, he starred like the millionaire man from the world to which he has become.
"He liked continental cuisine like fish with Gurkensauce," Coe said.
He ate in an almost gilded dining room and wore a smoking.
He was truly alien to reality.
President Roosevelt might have made the same mistake if his wife, Eleanor, had not asked him to set an example with his stomach.
As described in the book, the Anheuern of a housekeeper, with no interest in flavors by Mrs Roosevelt, said that the White House produced the most boring food in Washington, but also prepared one of the most troublesome."
Many of the species from the Great Depression era to deal with food were discarded as soon as the country came back on its feet.
The legacy is based on our continued focus on calories and food, said Ziegelman, and how science was applied to food.
When writing the book, the couple gave a better understanding of the eating habits of Ziegelman's mother-in-law - for example, how it could not throw away food.
"It had a real fear of food waste," Coe said.
Ziegelman recalled: "They made people ill."
There was a windfall incident.
After leaving the Teller at Eisenberg's, they and Coe created a dessert that they had prepared at home: The plum dessert that President Roosevelt had at lunch.
"It is called Prune Whip," said Ziegelman, adding that it was a normal trick to miss modest recipes.
There was no scared cream, only plums, some flour, sugar, water and cinnamon.
Everyone appeared somewhat grudgingly a spoon in the tame, brown glibber.
Amazingly, it was not bad.
CoE took up three times a night.
As a Can-Do-budgetierer he said to his wife, "A few hacked walnuts would help."
Killed in the bombing: He was the hero of Aleppo.
He put his own life at the game to help others: Khaled Omar.
He was the hero of Aleppo: Khaled Omar devoted his life to the people of Syria.
He risked everything to save others.
Now, the 30-year old has died even in the Assad regime's bomb attack.
Omar was a member of the "White Helmets," a civil protection group that, according to the Bild-Zeitung, saved nearly 60,000 people so far.
2900 volunteers are risking their own lives in order to pull people out of bombed houses and to provide first aid in the war area.
They are the heroes of the war in Syria.
Omar was the face of the group: A video of the civil guard showing him an 11-hour bailout of a baby from the rubble of a house went around the world in 2014.
It made the Syrians a shining symbolic figure in the horrors of the war.
As a hero, he never saw himself, said the picture: "For me, that is the real Jihad."
"If I die of saving life, I think God sees a martyr in me."
Shortly before Omar himself fell victim to an attack, he spoke in a video about the last bomb attacks in Syria.
The Helikopters fired four bomb bombs over the Alzheimer's district, one was filled with chlorine gas.
A woman and two children died, seven people suffer from breath.
"We now eliminate the toxic remains of the bomb, so that children do not play with it," the image quotes his last words before he died.
The Assad regime's deadly bomb was supposed to hit terrorists.
Greenland: The oldest vertebrate is almost 400 years old
Rare sight.
Greenland sharks come to the surface only in winter.
The Hai was able to return to the sea after a study on board the Sanna research vessel.
He was born in 1624 and swimmed with a 1 km/h of the North Atlantic - until today.
It is only 150 years later that Greenland sharks.
As a result of the North Atlantic, the Greenland shark continues along the North Atlantic, in an hour it reaches an average of just 1,220 metres wide.
Only when it arrives, the five metre long animal accelerates on satte 2.6 km/h - and is half as fast as a seal with this maximum speed.
But the lifestyle that is characterized by slowness seems to be a patent formula for a high age.
Julius Nielsen of the University of Copenhagen and his colleagues report in the magazine "Science" in any case from a Greenland hai, which could be 392 years old.
"madness," commented Alexander Schtaxation of the Max Planck Institute for Population Research in Rostock this life span, which means a world record for vertebrates.
It is true that the evolutionary biologist has long believed that Greenland sharks.
Only failed the evidence.
Greenland sharks are hard to see, and they live in the Arctic Ocean in particular from the sparsely populated coasts of Canada, Greenland, Norway and Spitsbergen.
Because they prefer water temperatures around the six degrees Celsius, they usually occur only in the winter on the surface.
Researchers know little about the lifestyle of Greenland sharks.
They took their time at a time when they met six animals with a transmitter in front of Spitsbergen.
Today, this sharks still do: In the stomach of an animal, researchers found the remains of a seal, another had swallowed the jaw of a young polar bear.
It may be hunting sleeping animals or patrolling on the bottom of the ice sea and looking for carcasses from higher layers of water down.
Julius Nielsen and his colleagues now investigated 28 Greenland sharks that caught fishermen between 2010 and 2013 before Greenland or Spitsbergen as by-catches from the depth of the North Atlantic.
The smallest hai was just 81 centimetres long, while the largest 502 centimetre was measured.
In order to determine the age of animals, they analyzed the linens of sharks with the carbon 14-method.
This center of the eye lens already arises before the birth of the sharks, the proteins that it contains are not renewed later.
The two smallest sharks had a remarkably high carbon 14 in the lens.
Their birth, therefore, should be after the early 1960" s, when nuclear weapons tests carried larger quantities of this radioactive carbon into the atmosphere.
By contrast, with 220 centimetres in length, the lineup contained a small surplus of carbon 14 from nuclear weapons attempts, so it should have celebrated its 50th birthday in the course of its 2012 investigation.
All major Greenland sharks, on the other hand, had normal carbon 14 volumes in their lineup, resulting from cosmic radiation in the atmosphere.
Indeed, the carbon 14 clock showed an age of 335 years for a 493 centimeter of Greenland, while the record -Hai, with 502 centimetres, is expected to be 392 years old.
It was known that Greenland females will not be born only if they are longer than four metres.
Now the researchers of the length have been able to assign age.
Since one of the animals with 392 centimetres was probably on the threshold of sexual maturity and its age was determined at 156 years, Greenland sharks with the propagation appear to be at least one and a half centuries.
This is also likely to be world record for vertebrates.
It is no coincidence that such methusaleme is mainly living in icy waters.
Even the previous record holder, a 211 year old Greenland whale, in whose speck on the neck was a 120 year old Harpunenspitze, was caught in front of Alaska.
As a result of the low temperatures, the body of the animals living there often also runs on sparflammes.
So they later mature - and old more slowly.
In order to keep themselves warm in cold water, the animals are often particularly great.
Because the volume is growing much faster than its surface, by which the animal loses heat.
The heat loss of a gram of mouse is therefore much greater than a gram of elephant.
Another advantage: They have fewer enemies.
"A smaller animal lives more dangerously and should concentrate on having as many descendants as possible as early as possible," explains the evolutionary biologist Schtaxation.
A very large animal should, on the other hand, invest its resources in a long life.
Building ground in double pack
In the recent meeting, the municipal council focused on topics around construction.
It facilitated the communication by Mayor Robert Putz that "the marketing of the newly identified areas of residence can finally begin."
After the land, parcelling and closing issues were clarified and the applications were made to be measured, the sale of the land in the residential areas "Straslweg" and "Schönau-West" (area Binderstraße 1) is no longer in the way of interested parties.
The municipal council is convinced that the blooms in the rural and quiet residential community of Schönau are equally appealing to young families and the elderly.
As it was said, developers can report to the city hall as from now, and the municipal council is expected to discuss the award of the parcels at its September meeting.
In order to be able to respond to requests for the settlement of other businesses linked to the creation of jobs, the municipal council decided to amend the land-use plan newly created in the spring of this year in sub-areas.
In the area of Untertimlarn, the industrial area already designated there will be extended by two parcels in the direction of State Road 2112.
Frankfurt benefits from Brexit
The city on the Main, therefore, in competition with Paris, Dublin and Luxembourg, has the best opportunities to attract jobs and companies from London.
"It is very likely that Frankfurt is most likely to benefit from the Brexit vote," says Michael Voigtland, Head of the financial markets and real estate markets of the IW.
After the Brexit referendum, it is uncertain whether money houses can continue to operate from London out of financial transactions across the EU.
For the so-called EU passport, they have been authorised in Great Britain to date.
Large US banks are making use of this.
Several banks have already announced that jobs can be relocated.
The lobby association "Frankfurt Main Finance" expects 10000 new jobs to be created within five years.
For Frankfurt, such as the IW, the seat of the European Central Bank (ECB), the responsibility for monetary policy and supervision of the largest eurozone banks, as well as other important authorities, such as the European insurance supervision, EIOPA and the ESRB risk management.
In Paris, the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) has its headquarters, but it is less important for the financial sector than the ECB.
"The proximity of the central bank is important for banks, as they can communicate directly with the supervision," says IW-Professor Voigtland.
It is true that Luxembourg is a large fund industry, but, as well as Dublin, it is worse off in terms of infrastructure.
Frankfurt is much easier to reach thanks to the large airport.
In addition, the city with easily available commercial properties.
"In Paris, it is not so easy to find free high quality offices," says Voigtland.
At the same time, they were 50% higher for first-class commercial real estate than on the Main.
Moreover, Frankfurt offers a higher quality of life than the competition thanks to good health care and infrastructure and less crime.
In a ranking of the business consultancy Mercer, the city is in place seven, Luxembourg in place 19, Dublin in place 33 and Paris in 37th place.
Although quality of life is a question of preferences: "With his already strong position as a financial location for the European internal market, Frankfurt could attract further banks and investors," says the IW.
But, despite Brexit's vote, London will remain the main financial centre in Europe, as economic researchers believe.
In London, according to figures from the Landesbank Helaba, in London, around 14,000 people worked in the banking sector at the end of 2015, with 62,500 in Frankfurt.
Gilead receives legal costs from hepatitis C patent dispute with Merck
A US president has decided that Gilead Sciences Inc is entitled to a refund of the legal costs incurred by her from the Hepatits C dispute with the pharmaceutical company Merck & Co Inc.
In June, Gilead was exempted from a $200 million compensation payment for the breach of two patents of Merck, which were associated with the blockbuster drugs Sovaldi and Harvoni of Gilead, after a US judge revealed a pattern of misconduct by Mercks, including the freedom of expression and other unethical acts.
In the case of the action on Thursday, US President Beth Labson Freeman said that Gilead has the right to adopt the costs incurred during the defence of the case.
Merck tries to match with Gilead, which dominates the market of a new generation of hepatitis C drugs, which can cure more than 90% of patients with liver disease.
The case dates back to 2013, when Gilead and Merck accused each other of each other and the property on laboratory work that Sofosbuvir underlying the active ingredient in Gilead's drugs.
Troops supported by the US say that they have reconquered full control of the Islamic State's manpower.
Troops supported by the United States have reconquered full control of the northern city of Manbij near the Turkish border, after the last ISM fighters in the city have left them, said a spokesman for the group on Friday.
The Democratic Forces of Syria (DKS) run through the city after the withdrawal of the remaining group of fighters who have buried themselves within the city.
They have released more than 2,000 civilians who were held hostage by the fighters, shared Sharfan Darwish of the Manu military council of Reuters allied with the DKS.
"The city is now under perfect control, but we are carrying out clean-up work," he told Reuters.
Clinton earns 10.75 million in 2015 and pay 34.2% federal taxes
On Friday, Hillary Clinton published her tax declaration for 2015, which showed an income of USD 10.75 million for the presidential candidate and her husband, and an effective tax rate of 34.2%.
In 2015, the Clinton Foundation spent $1 million for charitable purposes, mainly to the Clinton Foundation; former President Bill Clinton earned almost USD 5.3 million in speech fees; the former Secretary of State gave an income of USD 3 million from Simon & Schuster for her book about her term of office in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs.
Clinton's candidate for the vice-presidency, Senator Tim Kaine from Virginia, publicly published his tax declarations over the past ten years, together with his wife, Anne Holton.
They paid an effective tax rate of 20.3% in 2015.
"Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine continue to set standards in terms of financial transparency," said Clinton's campaign helper in Jennifer Palmieri in an opinion.
In a stark contrast, Donald Trump is hiding behind false excuses and returning to publish his tax returns on his promises to date.
It is customary for US presidential candidates to publish their tax declarations, although they are not required to do so by law.
Trump, a New York businessman, and his lawyers have declared a tax check by the tax authorities as a reason for refusal.
"They are on the train," wrote Clinton's campaign helpers Ian Sams on Twitter, with regard to the publication of Democrats" presidential candidacy.
On Thursday, Michael Cohen, Trump's Special Adviser, told CNN that he would not allow Trump to publish something before the tax reviews are closed.
Trump's critics, including the Republican presidential candidate for 2012 Mitt Romney, have already said that his refusal raises questions about wealth, his contributions to charitable organizations, his conduct, and various other connections, especially with Russia.
Clinton has already touched on the issue and published a video on Friday in which senior Republican Trump would be calling for his tax declaration to be published.
On Thursday, she also addressed the issue during a speech on the Michigan economy.
"He refuses to do what any other presidential candidate has done in recent decades and publish his tax returns," she said.
Politico has reported that Trump has not paid for two years, or paid very little, during the 1990" s, and an economic journalist in the New York Times quoted on Friday a number of tax lawyers and tax advisors who said that it could still be the case.
Federal taxes have become an issue in the election campaign.
Clinton supports a scheme named after the billionaire and investor Warren Buffett, who would ensure that people who earn more than USD 1 million earn a tax rate of at least 30%.
President Obama also supports the proposal.
During an election campaign for Hillary Clinton last week in Omaha, Nebraska, Buffett, whose Berkshire Hathaway industrial conglomerate is located here, asked Trump to exchange his tax returns.
Buffett said that he had been subjected to a tax review of the IRS, and Trump had "fear" in front of the voters, not before the tax authorities.
Clinton's campaign has released tax returns by 2007.
The Clinton, now living in Chappaqua, New York, has on average paid an effective tax rate of around 32% between 2007 and 2014 and an effective combined tax rate of about 40.5%.
The Clinton tax declaration of 2015 showed that they accounted for only $100 of their income as wages, unlike most of the Americans.
Its main investment was a low-cost index fund, from which the Clinton dividend and earnings of USD 109.000 were taxed.
By Kevin Drawbaugh; edited by Jonathan Otis
Condoms with chilipudes, fireworks promote dance anias elephant protection
Naturalists in Tanzania use an unorthodox way to prevent elephants from going into settlements inhabited by people - they throw condoms on them that are filled with Chilipuder.
The method has proved effective, and the Honeyguide Foundation, which had the idea already years ago, has stepped up its promotion, along with US natural protection, by training volunteers in villages in northern Tanzania to use a non-violent four-step method to protect their homes and crops without violating animals.
Previously, many spears used to defend themselves.
Friday is World Call Day dedicated to animal welfare.
"Since we have developed the... toolkit, we have seen a change in their attitude within these communities, while they are much more confident that they can dissuade the elephants from their fields without harming the elephant," said Honeyguide Damian Bell in a communication.
The first two steps include the lights of the elephant with a torch and the bladder in a horn.
If it is not scared, a so-called "Chilicloud" will be thrown.
Chilipuder mixed with earth, combined with a firework body in a condom, the end of which is turned into the ignition.
When it is lit, the condom bursts with a bang and sprays fine dust on Chilipuder in the air.
A hint is usually already out to chase the elephant.
One last option is a Werfer, who is shooting a gold fire in the air, causing a loud, bright explosion.
Municipal Council decides unanimously: No Kioskneubau at St. Goarer Rheinufer
Normally, the St. Goarer investments are taken by traders with Kusshand - but the retail trade in the core city is considered to be significant.
However, the city council is now unanimously opposed to the request for the new construction of a sales skiosk on the banks of the Rhine, in the immediate vicinity of the Rheinbalkons under construction.
"In principle we welcome new traders, but at this location in an exposed location on the banks of the Rhine, this kiosk does not fit in," said Michael Hubrath for the CDU group.
Jewish director has broken Berlin's hotel because Israeli pre-election has been removed from the "Arab" call - RT News
A French director with Jewish roots unleashed a media rebellion after he had betrayed that the Kempinski Bristol Hotel in Berlin did not list Israeli pre-election, as it had "requested" Arab guests "requested."
Claude Lanzmann, author of the Holocaust documentary "Shoah" caused his anger at the Kempinski Bristol Hotel in Berlin by writing an open letter to the German newspaper FAZ.
During his last stay, Lanzmann tried to find Israel on the hotel's list of countries.
However, the country was not listed among the countries that can be called directly from the hotel room.
How is it possible in 2016 in Berlin, the capital of the new Germany, that Israel has been eliminated and deleted?
Wrote Lanzmann.
Instead, the Kempinksi Bristol offers an opportunity to choose Israel via its own Call Center.
After a statement, the director turned to the hotel reception.
The answer he received there "shocked him," as Lanzmann wrote.
The hotel staff said that the measure was a "deliberate decision of the management of the Kempinski Hotels."
The reason behind it was even more furious in the director.
"The majority of our guests are Arabs and they have demanded that the pre-election be deleted," was quoted the employee of Lanzmann.
The Israeli ambassador in Germany Yakov Hadas-Handelsman called this a "great shame," reports the Süddeutsche Zeitung.
We were horrified and dismayed from this event.
That is really very shameful.
The fact that this has happened in Germany in exactly this hotel chain is even more disgraceful.
No explanation is needed.
We expect the hotel to "draw the right conclusions," said the official.
The incident caused a fairly large response on the Internet, where people called the whole affair a scandal.
Some of the people of the Kempinski Hotel said that it would "have given way to the supposed calls of Arab guests."
"Have you," it was said in another speech that it was pointed out that the hotel, which is located on the noble Kurfürstendamm, is close to a synagogue.
The hotel quickly made all the accusations of itself and called the event a "mistake" and "apologized" at Lanzmann, reported Der Spiegel.
"There was never a direct statement "to not include Israel in the quicklist," the Süddeutsche Zeitung quoted a spokesperson of the Kempinski Hotel.
It adds that the country code has now been added.
Police forces tears and rubber bullets to protest Brazilian students
Students met with the police in the Brazilian city of São Paulo on Thursday, when they gathered together to demonstrate the government's reform of the public education system.
The police set up tears and rubber bullets against the demonstrators.
The difficulties began when police officers tried to divide the students, leading the police to implement rubber bullets and tear gas.
Several hundred students took part in the demonstrations to express their consternation about the plans.
According to the board of governors of the federal state of São Paulo Geraldo Alckmin, a little less than 100 public schools are closed, while 300,000 students are being implemented to save money.
Some of the Protestants saw graffiti against the temporary president, Michel Temer, on walls.
The recent protests occurred several days after demonstrators were on the streets in order to support the suspended President Dilma Rousseff, who had been removed from office by a vote of the Senate.
Trade between Russia & Iran suddenly rises to 71% - RT business
With the lifting of the sanctions, according to the Russian ambassador to Iran, Levan Dzhagaryan, the volume of trade between Moscow and Tehran grew by 70.9 per year.
Since international sanctions against Iran have been lifted, the interest on the part of Russian companies in shops in the country has increased sharply, the ambassador informed.
Russian companies take existing links with Iran, while new firms are prepared to gain access to the market.
Of course, further trade development is one of the biggest priorities for bilateral cooperation with Iran," said Dzhagaryan.
He noted that the trade turnover between Russia and Iran rose by 70.9% in the first five months of 2016, compared to the same period in 2015, and $856 million.
In particular, Russian imports in Iran increased by 91.5% and amounted to $697 million.
Russian imports from Iran increased by 16% to $158 million.
The trade recovery was achieved through deliveries of machines, trucks and weapons," said the ambassador.
This year Dzhagaryan comes from a record number of Iranian tourists in Russia.
Last year, Russian foreign representatives issued some 35,000 visas, primarily Reisevisas, to Iranian citizens.
In addition, Iran reached the top 20 of the countries as regards the number of tourists in Russia.
One could say that the record numbers of Iranian tourists in Russia last year, are broken, "he said.
At the same time, only relatively few Russians visit Iran, something that the ambassador hopes will change.
"I personally recommend visiting the cities of Isfahan, Shiraz and Yazd, who have preserved the monuments of ancient Persian civilization in a good state, "he said.
Looking at: Beverage market in forest fires invaded
A robbery was carried out on Thursday evening on the beverage market of Rewe XXL at the forest fires Gerberstraße.
On the basis of a firearms, three dark-dressed people, who had congregated their faces, asked for the release of cash from the employee of the beverage market and then, first and foremost, took refuge on foot and then presumably with a silver yellow VW gulf.
How much money has been exploited does not share the police.
The perpetrators should have been between 1.60 and 1.70 metres in size, in other words relatively small.
The beverage market is directly accessible from the parking deck of the Rewe-Market and is poorly visible.
After the robbery, the offenders have to move towards Gerberstraße, Friedrich-Engelbert-Weg, and from the gravel car park located in front of the Parkhauseinfahrt with the silver car, possibly in the direction of B 256 (Schladernring).
Anyone who has made observations (at 7.45 p.m.) in connection with the robbery, is to be reported to the police as a matter of urgency.
Nagold: Game and fun in the summer period
Eight beautiful and happy days spent the children and young people of the socio-alpine educational day group/social group work of the Nagold child protection group with their carers on their summer holidays in Nussdorf, near Mühlacker.
During the first week of the school, the lifeline group was quartered in a quiet area of hardwood.
Several day trips were on the programme.
On the one hand, it was with the visit of the string zoos.
On the other hand, there was a special children's guide in the world famous monastery.
The third excursion led to Pforzheim.
In the Keltenmuseum in Hochdorf, the group learned a lot about the everyday life and the food of the Celts.
On the hot days, the group at the deep lake in Mulbronn, which invited to jump, swim and plan.
Children and maintainers have been pampered with their self-prepared body dishes such as the Sauren Spätle, the Seafronner Pfännle, Iselshauser-Bloff, the English Request and Tübinger Bologna.
In workshops, beautiful jewels of pearls and stones created or made of wood made of wood.
Other highlights of the leisure time were fishing in a nearby pond, the evenings on the fire and the final "Bunte evening."
On the day of the journey home, the sun was laughing and the children and young people were happy.
Haigerloch: Pilgrims to the mercy of mercy
The Ministrants from the Eyachtal-Haigerloch St. Anna were on the way to a four-day pilgrimage from Villingen to Freiburg.
Four stages have been taken together.
In order to bridge the period until the next visit of all Ministrants in two years, the Oberministrantenround St. Anna decided to prepare and carry out a multi-day pilgrimage tour.
Various pilgrimage goals have been examined and one has finally decided for the Bishop city of Freiburg, where this year, on the occasion of the Holy Year of Mercy, a special pilgrimage goal was offered with the opening of the Barm cordial at Freiburger Münster.
16 Minis from Bittelbronn, Gruol, Haigerloch and Heiligenrooms were on the way.
In the evening, Father Storost sent the pilgrims in a small celebration in St. Anna, blessed the pilgrims and gave the pilgrims.
From Horb it was driven by train to the starting point of Villingen, where there was also a Münster Unserer Lieben woman and thus became the Pilgerweg of Münster.
The individual day tours were framed in the morning and in the evening by a short impulse with various prayers, songs and texts.
At the same time, the Minis went back to the field cruises, chapels, or churches to sing together a song from a specially assembled pilgrimage settlement.
The local parishes were made available for the overnight stays.
At the stages, Alexandra Burkhardt and Heidi Faller served for a tasty as well as a delicious dinner and breakfast.
On the second day we went to Gütenbach.
At the end of the day, the stage after St. Peter, which was the most exhausting route, had to be climbed up to about 500 metres in the heat of the heat and then again.
The deserved reward was a common barbecue at the beach in the evening.
After the morning impulses on the fourth pilgrimage day in the impressive monastery church of St. Peter, it went to Freiburg.
Obviously, the Minis met at Freiburger Münster later in the afternoon and went through the doors of mercy.
With a small impulse, God was thanked here.
In the evening fair in Münster, the Minis of Cooperative Markus Obert was welcomed at the pilgrimage destination.
After the worship, the pilgrims were able to visit the sacristy and the high altar.
The next day was still time for the latitude metropolis.
In the afternoon it went back by train to Horb.
In the end, all participants agreed that the days of spirituality and a strong community experience were marked.
Scote Callum Skinner stormed home when Brite gold won gold for cycling
Scotland's Callum Skinner last night in the men's team sprint in the Velodrom in Rio for glory, when the British team defended the London 2012 title.
The 23-year-old from Glasgow took the anchor role that his compatriot Sir Chris Hoy had to embrace.
England claimed a shocking victory four years ago, while Hoy took the fifth of six Olympic medals.
They repeated the trick after they had only a modest sixth place in March at the World Championships in London despite the resignation of Hoys.
The problem between Beijing and London was the replacement of Jamie Staff.
They did so in good time.
Hoy's retirement created a gap that Kian Emadi and Matt Crampton tried to close.
Skinner was the man with whom they remained, when they saw potential in the Scots, which has unfolded.
Hindes, Kenny - who won Hoy four years ago - and Skinner set an Olympic record in the qualification rounds, but in the standard races the New Zealand won the first round.
And the British trio won the Duell with gold.
After his round, Hindes fell short, but Kenny brought the team to the front and skinner.
A change of strategy made a large part of the transformation, in which Hindes drove in a higher course in order to slow it down and to allow Kenny and, above all, Skinner, to keep pace.
Hoy looked from his position as a BBC expert and noticed Skinner, Kenny and Hindes when they went to the podium.
The 23-year-old Skinner from Glasgow said: "It's a flattering comparison."
I am only here to do my best and make a name.
We have established an Olympic record in the final stage and defeating the world champions.
It was simply incredible.
There is no better way to win.
After the triumph in 2012 at the Kennys and Hoys side, Hindes admitted that, after a weak start, he was deliberately on the train.
He withdrew this statement later, and there was no opposition from England's rivals.
This time, there was no such problem with such a surprising victory.
Hindes said: "It feels with the whole GB flags in the gallery as London."
We have been working as a team over the past three months.
We did so badly for so many world titles that it was unbelievable to win again at the Olympics.
This is an event, a gold medal for the nation won seven out of 10 titles in both Beijing and London.
If this is a barometer of our progress over the past five months that we expect successful five days in the Velodrom.
With the form Kennys, it is in the realm of the possibility that he repeats Hoy's victory of three Olympic gold medals in a competition.
This would be for Kenny - who is exactly 12 years younger than Hoy, who was also born on 23 March (an apparently holy date for British sport; in the day Steve Redgrave, Mon Farah and Roger Bannister were born) - a yield of six gold medals and a silver medal.
That would be the same as Hoy.
Kenny is next in the Sprint, which starts today and will go over three days.
The 28-year-old from Bolton said: "I enjoy this only for the moment."
The team event is always the best.
It can be won with his colleagues.
It feels rather lonely to win.
Hindes said: "If he wins two more gold medals, he should be beaten."
It was the only medal competition of the day, but there were other good news for England.
Sir Bradly Wiggins, Ed Clancy, Steven Burke and Owain Doull qualified with the fastest performance in four four-kilometre races.
They arrived in 3: 51,942.
The world record that won gold in London in 2012 was 3: 51,659.
The first and final round (22.42) will take place today on the second day of the contest, where Wiggins will definitely focus.
Yesterday, he met with envoys prior to qualification, when officials called on him to measure his body size.
In the corresponding female competition that continues tomorrow and ends, Laura Trott, Joanna Rowsell Shand, Elinor Barker and Katie Archibald of Milngavie in world record time in 4: 13 260.
The GB team relies on its strong rail team to dominate the middle period of the Olympic Games and to catch up with medals.
After a truly extraordinary presentation of absolute dominance in Beijing and London, expectations for Rio were downgraded.
Dramas played in the background, such as the resignation of the technical leader Shane Sutton in April, in the midst of sexism and harassment charges, as well as retirement of sizes such as Hoy and Victoria pendleton.
However, if you look at the first night of competition in the Velodrom, it looks as if the legendary call GBs, which reached its climax at the perfect moment, could be repeated again.
The future of Portland's melting pot due to the lifting of the energy contract
The future of Portland's aluminium melting in Victoria - as well as hundreds of jobs of workers - are at stake, as the plant operator will terminate the energy supply contract and thus lift all supply contracts, as the supplying energy company announced.
This was followed by the decision of the Government in Victoria earlier this year not to grant any further subsidies for the operation of the plant.
A 20-year subsidy will expire in November.
Up to 2000 jobs in Alcoa's plant in Portland are at stake.
No less than 2000 jobs - direct and indirect - could be at risk of closure.
Moreover, it could lead to domino effects, as the melting process consumes around 10% of the total power generation of Victorias.
In 2014, Alcoa concluded the Point Henry Schmelzerei, which led to the closure of the Anglesea power plant last year.
Alcoa's melting pot in Portland loses money and risks closing down.
This step follows years of speculation about the future of the plant, initially as a result of the strong Australian dollar and, most recently, the electricity price for the plant.
AGL, which supplies the large aluminium melting machine with its Loy Yang A power plant in Latrobe Valley, announced that it is expected that three other owners will terminate their contracts.
The plant is in the majority possession of a joint venture between Alcoa and Alumina, of which the Chinese company CITIC and the Japanese Marubeni Corp hold smaller shares.
"AGL assumes that the plant will continue to operate in Portland, which means further physical demand for electricity through melting," said the company.
AGL continued to say that the contracts were so-called "security transactions," which would have been in force since November 2016.
The contracts have a 12-month notice period so that they will end in 2017.
"From this point of view, AGL considers that the contracts in the financial year 17 will contribute to the revenue," said the electricity supplier.
All potential effects on AGL revenue from GJ 18 are currently limited by the forecasts of the strong futures markets for wholesale electricity prices.
AGL announced that it had already written off the value of the contracts in its annual accounts of $187 million in "expectation of termination."
Alcoa said that the decision to make the contracts, the "ability of Alcoas... to run the melting or the supply of electricity to the melting machine" did not affect.
The US company said that it had completed a 20-year contract with Loy Yang in 2010, which should have entered into force in November this year, even if it is still guilty of a declaration of why it has resigned from the Treaty.
As a result of the bad economic conditions of the industry, analysts warn against the possible closure of the Portland Schmelzerei in Victoria and the Tomago plant near Newcastle.
In reference to the analysts' statements at the beginning of the week, the Head of Operations Stephen Mikkelsen said that Portland uses approximately 600 megawatts and Tomago around 900 megawatts of electricity annually.
If both units disappear from the market, this would mean a significant reduction in demand on the [electricity market].
And for us, as electricity producer, it would not be good," he said.
More than just a Kardashian Reality-TV Star, Kendall is on the cover of the September edition of the Vogue.
Kendall Jenner, 20, Model and fourth daughter of the manager and mother of the Kardashian Jenner Clans Kris is on the cover of the coveted September edition of the US Vogue.
Kendall, the brand ambassador of Estee Lauder, and ran on the Fashion Weeks in Milan, Paris and New York, announced on Thursday the news on her Instagram account.
"In a space full of people I love, the sight of this cover for wines," wrote Kendall.
The revelation of the Covers was followed by a bizarre (or simply Keeping Up with the Kardashians?), scripted reality video that shows the entire Kardashian-Jenner family (except for the problems of Rob and Caitlyn, and in the presence of the most popular showbiz uncle and producer of Keeping Up Ryan Seacrest).
This is the stereotypical act of nearly every birthday of a child's day (Seacrest brought the sentence, "You thought that we had forgotten you?," with the sincerity of a cartoonist on a television at 8 a.m.), but Kris had to leave her other girls somehow in this publicity.
With regard to the September edition of the Vogue, a new era of Kardashians has certainly begun.
Kendalls's big sister Kim may have beaten her as far as the Vogue cover is concerned (she and her husband Kanye West were to see it in April 2014), but the cover of the September edition of the magazine is a league for itself.
The September edition is the most sold edition of the year for Vogue.
With a volume that looks more like a picture band than a fashion magazine, the output attracts a large number of advertisers (Laut Fashionista was from the 832 pages of the ramp 615 pages advertising).
The revelation of his co-star is so eagerly awaited that in the last two years pictures of the magazine were leaked before the official announcement.
Women who were already on the cover include Naomi Campbell, Linda Evangelista and Kate Moss.
In recent years there were clearly more "celebrities, the models" as "models that are celebrities" on the cover.
Oscar-Prize winner and Dior brand ambassador Jennifer herself was on the cover in 2013, one year after Lady Gaga had the honour.
But even with the little chance that Mrs Jenner - who is described by the magazine as the "breakage model" of her generation - falls under the previous category, she is in good society.
These celebrities are not related to famous people or Reality Stars or young people of today, who know how to turn a good snapchat video (even if all of these are applicable to Jenner).
They are really talented women who are in the entertainment industry.
Beyonce, who appeared on the last cover, had one of the most successful years of her career with the publication of lemonade.
Of course, Jenner's success is not everyone's success.
With her reality TV history, Jenner's position in the world of fashion has always been somewhat tense.
In June, the former Victoria's secret-model Stephanie Seymour Jenner and her colleague, Gigi Hadid, criticised and called them "the mistpieces of the moment."
These feelings came up again when the news came out with the appearance of Jenners on the Vogue cover.
But there seems to be a mistake on the point at the point.
Kendall Jenner is on the cover of the September edition of the Vogue.
It is a supermodel in the truest sense of the word.
She runs for Marc Jacobs.
It makes advertising for your greeting of Estee Lauder.
They and all their sisters sell images of themselves on their respective pay apps.
She sells her pictures of Cindy Crawford's daughter to the magazine LOVE.
And in her leisure time she is in Reality TV, probably only to see her sister Kourtney and her children.
Local law centres provide 160,000 people per year
More than 160,000 of the country's assistance needs are rejected annually by local authorities, while the industry is looking at the effects of further budget cuts on already congested transactions.
In Queensland, three out of five people - mostly older people, immigrants, vulnerable workers, victims of violence, and those who do not have funds for unjust delogations and the like - are already dismissed in their search for free legal advice and legal assistance.
Legal services of the municipality, which are already excessive, are prepared for further cuts.
As from June next year, these legal centres will lose another 30% of their federal funds.
The director of the district legal centres of Queesland James Farrell said that the last collection of the National Association of Local Law Centres showed that thousands of people are already dismissed each year.
Farrell said that the situation would only get worse without the decision of the Federal Government.
"Queensland's municipal law centres are chronically underfunded, which means that thousands of people are rejected by important services that you need," he said.
People who leave violent relations, people with insurmountable and suffocating debts, families who go through separations, workers who are unfairly laid off - all these people have problems of a legal nature and this survey shows that they cannot get the help they need.
The Federal Government will cut the funds by 30% from June 2017, which means that thousands of people from Queensland will be forced to cope with their legal problems without any help.
We call on the General Public Prosecutor and the Federal Justice Minister, as well as Senators from Queensland George Brandis, to lift these budget cuts without delay, so that people can get the help they need in the case of legal problems.
Last year, the state government met its commitment to raise funds for legal assistance to the national average.
It is now time to look at the needs of community law centres and their clientele, and that the Palaszczuk government invests in this important work.
Donald Trump's campaign for election campaign accused of using a gun.
New York: Donald Trump's campaign has been charged for alleged inaction after it has been informed that her campaign leader for North Carolina, in February, has sent a gun to an employee while travelling in a jeep in February.
The event is described in an indictment which was filed on Wednesday in the District Court of Charlotte by Vincent Bordini, a former software programmer for the campaign in this state.
Bordini admitted to have been waiting for months for the matter to be settled internally before he realized that "that would not happen."
The campaign leader, Earl Philip, "pulled a gun, put his right finger on the withdrawal, and rammed the run in Vincents Kniekehle," Bordini gave in his charge.
After having complained to the local and regional campaign management, Bordini found that at least four more people had already had the same experience with Phillip, he admitted in the indictment.
"Arms must not be fired on to cause damage," said Bordini.
The charge comes only two days after the Republican presidential candidate triggered a revolt when he told a crowd in North Carolina that the "Second Amendment People" - firearms owners and weapons friends - should take action if his Rivalin Hillary Clinton is elected and judges should appoint.
Trump's campaign made it clear that the media would have taken its words out of context, and that it would not incite violence.
Bordinis complaint calls for compensation from the campaign for the infringement of the duty of care and of Philip for the injury of the body and the persistence of mental damage.
Trump's spokesman Hope Hicks was unable to reach an opinion.
Attempts to contact Philip also failed.
WCCB, a local news station in Charlotte, reports that Phillip is no longer a member of the campaign.
To call on his consulting firm, Innovative Consulting Services, has not reacted.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has so far led a controversial campaign.
The trial is Bordini v. Donald J. Trump For President Inc., 16-CS-14300, Supreme Court, County of Mecklenburg (Charlotte).
Berlin/Schwerin: Survey against Rural elections: SPD and CDU lose
In the upcoming elections in the Länder of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern (4 September) and Berlin (18 September), significant losses for the government parties to the SPD and CDU groups are emerging.
This resulted in representative surveys of the opinion research institute INSA for the "Picture" newspaper (Friday).
While the red-black government coalition in the North could continue to govern narrowly, this is not possible according to the survey values in Berlin.
In both states, the SPD would be the strongest party and would thus have a good chance of continuing to head the head of the government.
In Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, the SPD fell from 35.6% five years ago to 24 per cent.
According to the survey, the party would only be close to the CDU, which could come back to 23%.
The third place is controversial between the Left and the AfD.
The left would be 19% (previously 18.4%), the AfD would be represented at 19% for the first time in the country.
In spite of a slight loss of 6% (previously 8.7%), the Greens were reluctant to return to the Schwerin Landtag.
NPD and FDP would not be represented at 3% in the country of the country.
According to the Berlin Chamber of Deputies, the SPD of the survey would be only 23% (election in 2011: 28.3%).
The CDU reached only 18% after 23.4%.
As a result, it would be 19% (17.6% in 2011), but before the left with 15% (previously 11.7%).
The AfD would be represented at 14 percent for the first time in the Chamber of Deputies.
With 5%, the FDP could hope for a return, but the pirates would miss out in 2011.
Nokia 9000 Communicator: The first smartphone
Email and Internet in Zeitlupe: 20 years ago the Nokia Communicator came on the market.
Today, the successors dominate the world - its manufacturer experienced a disaster.
The device wow almost half a kilogram and was more than four times as difficult as an iPhone 5.
It was thicker and bigger, so it was not good.
On the contrary, it was quite eloquent.
The built-in memory was initially eight megabytes, which would now suffice for approximately two selections with high resolution.
An iPhone is now shipped with at least 16 gigabytes.
The "Nokia 9000 Communicator" came exactly 20 years ago, on August 15th, 1996, in the shops - and it was the first smartphone.
For a few euros, lovers can buy the equipment on the internet, but they come from the time of the internet-age.
Twenty years ago, the Communicator was a sensation.
The Finnish mobile phone manufacturer had announced the product a few months earlier at the Cebit computer fair in Hanover as a "office in West Asia."
In fact, the new mobile phone could get a lot for then standards: SMS and e-mails could be sent and received, also by fax was the communicator to reach.
Even access to web pages was possible via HTML browser, although it was slow.
A pocket calculator was available, a digital address book and an electronic calendar.
There was a small antenna, and the mobile phone could be folded like a laptop.
Then there was a small keyboard and a black-and-white screen.
Very proud was the price: 2700 D-Mark, that is about 1400 euros.
The average retail price of a smartphone in Germany was 392 euros in 2015.
No one could predict in August 1996 that the communicator would be the beginning of the smartphone era.
Since then everything has changed.
The smart phones are a success story, though not for Nokia.
The hands of the Finns experienced an unprecedented disaster, and was finally sold and executed to Microsoft.
Today, the market dominates providers, all of which came much later than Nokia.
Always and everywhere online, this is today for very many people everyday life.
In 2015, there were nearly two billion smartphone users worldwide.
It has sold about 1.4 billion devices, Samsung and Apple alone account for 555 million pieces.
Global sales of equipment is around €400 billion.
This will lead to the well-running business of the countless App-providers and the telecommunications companies.
A whole industry has been created around the smartphone.
The major breakthrough in the mass market was only at the beginning of 2007, when Apple boss Steve Jobs announced the introduction of the iPhones on the Mac-World.
He promised three devices in one: A music player, a phone and an Internet communicator, all by touch screen.
The success of Apple began, today the iPhone is the most important product of the Group.
Nokia, Motorola and Blackberry, who dominated the market, had the night.
They disappeared finally, Blackberry has to fight.
The shots now have Apple and Asian suppliers like Samsung.
The smartphone is a matter of course 20 years after its invention.
On average, every German now has 88 times a day on his mobile phone.
"We must all learn to throw away the smartphone," said Janina Kugel, responsible for staff in the Siemens Management Board.
Permanent accessibility now applies as a curse and blessing at the same time.
England must steer the Olympic spirit and expand Heathrow
Heathrow will bring renewal and prosperity not only in our local communities and across London, but throughout the country.
For me, this was the biggest attraction on the right side, just as in London in 2012, when we did a great deal of effort to ensure that all our nations and regions benefited from the games.
The Olympics brought great benefits for Stratford and the East End.
And this will be achieved by creating new opportunities for local residents and companies close to Heathrow.
For our local communities, we will already create 10 000 new apprenticeships, 40,000 new jobs and an end to youth unemployment in the airport environment.
Just as they were ahead of us in London in 2012, there will be those who will think that the challenge of enlargement is too big.
I have been told that England will never be ready for the Games and that we will be blaming ourselves on the world stage.
The doubters were wrong in 2012 and they will also be wrong at Heathrow.
There are always obstacles to overcoming, but Heathrow answers every question he raises.
Like the Olympic Games, Heathrow is for many, and not for individual, an infrastructure project.
Enlargement is one way to create up to 180,000 new jobs, £211 billion of growth and a legacy of skills and employment, both at the airport and in the UK.
We have a great team at Heathrow, which has implemented a £11 billion expensive infrastructure investment program in time and budget, from the T5 - five years as a result of the world's best airport terminal, up to T2, built in the middle of the world's two most frequented runways.
Now they are ready to deliver a third run, which is supported by £16 billion in private investment.
The 2012 London Games were a great success for GB and I am confident that the expansion of Heathrow will also be one.
It is time for us to steer this Olympic spirit and expand Heathrow, thereby safeguarding our future trade and creating a legacy of skills and employment that England can be proud of.
Lord Paul Deighton is Chairman of the Heathrow Board and former Commercial Secretary to the Treasury
Adblock Plus, Facebook in the "cat and mouse game"
For companies that earn money with online advertising, according to one of the software manufacturers, attempts to circumvent display blockage, a "cat and mouse game" are the same.
On Thursday, just two days after Facebook announced that it would block display loops on its desktop, Adblock Plus published a blogpost that said that users could update their filters in the program to block advertising in the social network again.
On Tuesday, Facebook announced that its desktop page would change the encoding in terms of its advertisements, in order to make it more difficult to detect it, the detection of which part of the site is advertising.
But Adblock announced that it has found a new way to bypass the new codes.
In a blogpost, the spokesman of Adblock Ben Williams wrote that "this kind of Hin--and-Her-struggle between the open-source community and the evasions has been underway since the invention of advertisers," and that it is possible that Facebook will soon come with a new solution.
The fact that the world's largest company for social media has entered the fight is a strong indicator of how worrying advertisers for the industry have become.
According to a study carried out by Pagefair and Adobe last year, around 200 million people in the world use display lockers, almost four times more in 2013.
With 1.03 billion active users who access Facebook via their mobile devices, mobile advertising accounts for 84% of the advertising revenues.
The company has it on display blockers on desktop PCs, as mobile ad blockers have no effect on facebooks mobile app for the social network and instagram, a spokesperson informed.
Advertising on desktop PCs makes up a sufficient amount of revenue so that Facebook appears to be worth the investment of such a step.
On Tuesday, Facebook announced that it would update its "scoreboard of preferences" to give people more control over advertising targeted at them.
On Thursday, Facebook Facebook that Adblocks would give new filters cause for concern, because they would also block content on the site that are not advertising.
"This is not a positive experience for users, so we plan to raise the problem," said Facebook spokesperson in an email communication.
Ad blockers are a blunt means, which is why we have focused instead on developing tools such as Ad Preferences in order to put more control in the hands of people.
Woman suspected suicide on Swiss motorway
The victim was on the motorway in the middle of the night.
The police call witnesses after a woman was overturned on a highway in the early morning hours on Thursday in the case of a suspected suicide of several vehicles.
The incident occurred on the A1 near Morges in the Canton of Vaud shortly after midnight.
A woman put on the street in the dark "in an act of despair" and were hit by several cars, said the police in Vaud.
It is obvious that a Swiss woman, at the age of 49, who was overrun by several vehicles, including a truck, wanted to kill himself.
She died on the ground.
Several drivers have already been heard, but some have still not been identified, said the police, who are asking them, as well as any witnesses of the incident, to sign up.
An investigation procedure was opened, which is a "logical" step in such a situation, said Gilles Hofstetter to the Le Tribune de Geneve.
However, it remains to be seen whether one of the drivers will be displayed.
Was a collision preventable?
This is something that the public prosecutor must decide," said Hofstetter.
Two similar cases over the past five years show that drivers are not being held responsible.
In each of the two cases, where one person was on the motorway in the dark, it was decided that the motorists did not have to expect a pedestrians to run on the motorway in the middle of the night, as was said in the newspaper.
Last year, a policeman of the negligent killing was released after she had passed and killed a man who was at the A1 near Payerne in August 2014.
The 22-year-old victim had drunk and became unconscious on the street, the court took away.
The court found that the policeman -- who responded to an emergency call -- was in a legitimate way, and that the presence of a man on the road was a "completely extraordinary and unpredictable situation," the judge said.
Anyone who has further information on the event on Thursday, near Morges, should contact the police under the number 021 644 83 46 or 021 644 44 44.
NASA climate model: Venus was previously habitable
According to the projections of a new NASA climate model, Venus was likely to be habitable.
Scientists at the Goddard Institute for Space Studies of NASA developed a model to discover the past of Venus on the basis of tools and algorithms similar to those of climate researchers.
The model has been designed to determine whether Venus, with its hot, waterless surface and CO2-dense atmosphere, could have pointed out similar conditions.
Scientists have previously indicated that the slow rotation of Venus could be explained by their dense atmosphere.
But the latest simulation suggests that Venus could have had a thin, erdlike atmosphere, yet slowly moving.
The model also illuminated the topography of early Venus.
The planet was likely to have more dry areas than the earth, but once had enough water and geographical variability to accommodate life and to protect it from rapid evaporation.
The early Venus also benefited from a sun that was 30% matter.
"In the GISS model simulation, the slow revolution of Venus exposes their daily side of the sun for almost two months," said Giss scientist Anthony Del Genio in a press release.
This warms the surface and produces rain that creates a thick layer of clouds, which acts as a umbrella to shield the surface from a large part of the sun's heat.
The result is average temperatures, which are some degrees cooler than those of the earth today.
The model brought forth a history of Venus, which is similar to the evolution previously suspected by planetary researchers.
Although it was likely to be habitable, Venus -- in the course of several billion years -- has been exposed to excessive heat and ultraviolet light.
Their oceans evaporated and their water vapour was burnt away from the ultraviolet light.
When their hydrogen was removed, only a thick atmosphere of carbon dioxide was left with a deadly greenhouse effect -- the Venus that we know today.
The researchers shared the results of their new Venus Klimamodells in Geophysical Research Letters.
Patrick Ferrero-Waldner resigns as trainer of Avalanche
On Thursday, Patrick began resigned as coach and Vice President of Hockey Operations of the Colorado Avalanche and led a too low right of co-determination in the team's decision-making process.
Alternative President/General Manager of the Colorados Joe Sakic confirmed this decision and noted that the club will search for a new coach without delay.
"In the last three years I have fulfilled my duties as Chief trainer and Vice President of Hockey Operations of the Colorado Avalanche with energy, passion and determination," said the 50-year olds in an opinion.
In the course of the summer I have thought a lot about how I could improve this team to give it more depth, it needs it and to bring it to a higher level.
In order to achieve this, the vision of the trainer and Vice President of Hockey Operations must be perfectly aligned with that of the organisation.
It must also have a right of co-determination in decisions that affect the team's performance.
These conditions are not being met at the moment.
Sakic, who had been recruited on 23 May 2013, thanked him for his contributions to the team.
"Patrick has informed me today about this decision," said Sakic.
We appreciate all what he has done for our organization and wish him the best for the future.
During his debut season at the Avalanches 2013-14, he was the winner of the Jack Adams Awards as the best coach of the league.
He led the club to 112 points and first place in the Central Vision, but Colorado was beaten in the first round of the Playoffs of Minnesota and missed the low season in each of the last two years.
The Avalanches registered a 39-39-4 brand in the season 2015-16 and fell behind the game for a second Wildcard Spot in the Western Conference by five points.
As a hall of Fame Torwart, he won four Stanley Cups -- two pieces with the Montreal leagens and the Avalanche.
Northern oil workers meet again, strike strike
The wage war on pay for North Sea oil workers is being suspended, while all the parties to the dispute stand for a new round of talks, said negotiators.
Strikes against the oil field provider Wood Group were carried out sporadically on platforms in the North Sea operated by Royal Dutch Shell.
"Wood Group and the Unite and RMT trade unions can confirm that we have agreed to restart the settlement process of the current dispute," says a joint statement.
We will hold some all-day meetings in the next few weeks, which will start at the beginning of next year to address the problems.
The unions said that their last strike, the first in over 25 years, was a protest against possible wage cuts of up to 30%.
This year, Wood Group has reduced the rates of its contractors in the North Sea by around 9 percent due to negative market pressure.
The company's group reduction follows a 10-percent decline for on-shore contractors in 2014.
The company said that additional cuts would give the company the necessary space to cope with the market downturn.
Shell has laid off for its part thousands of people and announced plans to abandon its oil and gas activities in up to 10 countries, since it rationalises its business activities as a result of its mega-merger with the UK energy company BG Group.
Energy companies are under pressure as a result of lower crude oil prices, an economic situation that has been reinforced by the decision of the British in June to leave the European Union.
The Scottish MEP, Dave Anderson, met with workers at the beginning of this week to discuss one of the biggest disputes that have taken place in the North Sea for a generation.
The North Sea is important for the regional economy, he said.
"In the North Sea and across the country, we need an economy that works for many, not just for a few," he said in a statement.
In 2016, less than $1.4 billion of spending on new projects in the North Sea is expected to be around $7 billion over the past five years.
Kepler attaches the rotation rate of stars to the star clusters of the plejades.
The latest mission with the Kepler Space telescope helped astronomers collect the most complete catalogue of rotational rates under the stars of the plejades.
The new data will help astronomers understand why stars in the star clusters rotate to different levels, and in what context the rotation periods are associated with the planetary development.
"We hope that by comparing our results with other star clusters, more about the relationship between the mass of a star, its age and even the history of its solar system," said Luisa Rebull, a researcher at Caltech's infrared Processing and Analysis Center in Pasadena, in a press release.
The star cluster of the plejades is 445 light years away from Earth.
Many stars in this star cluster, created around 125 million years ago, are now reaching adulthood.
They are now the fastest.
At peak rotational rates, these ripening stars attract large numbers of star winds.
Since these winds travel through the magnetic fields of the stars, they have a brake effect on the stars.
When a star ages, its rotation rate begins to slow.
Kepler measures the rotation rate of each star by detecting the time between the appearance of a visible star spot -- like sunspots --.
The latest catalogue of rotational rates points out that more solid stars turn more slowly than less massive stars.
Rebull compares the stars with dancers, while larger stars turn slower pirouettes than smaller ones.
"In the "Ballet" of the plejades, we see that slow rotors tend to be massive, whereas faster rotors tend to be very bright stars," said Rebull.
Since the star cluster of the plejades is so close, it serves as an ideal cosmic laboratory to compare stellar qualities such as rotation rates.
"The star clusters of the plejades offer an anchor for theoretical models of stellar rotation in both directions, younger and older," said Rebull.
There is still a lot ahead of us to learn about how, how, how, when and why stars slow down their rates of rotation and, so to speak, hang their "dance shoes."
Rebull and her colleagues have reported in detail in three newspaper reports about their latest analysis of the rotational rates of the plejades, which will soon appear in the Astronomical Journal.
A controversial Baseball Star
The tears ran faster with Alex Rodriguez than the US aseball star in best days from Base to Base.
After his emotional resignation announcement, the 41 year old Profi will wear the jersey of his New York Yankees on the 12th of August against the Tampa Bay Rays.
"I love this game and this team."
"I say 'Goodbye' to join," said the 14-time All-Star Game participant of the Major League Baseball (MLB).
Three times, Rodriguez was elected the most valuable player in the league, in 2009 he won the World Series with the Yankees.
His signature under a ten-year contract awarded him 27 million US dollars a year since 2007.
Until the end of the contract on 31 December 2017, he will be an advisor and youth coach in the future.
As a player, Rodriguez spent a long time with performance.
With 696 Homeruns, 3114 Hits and 2021 points for his teams ("Runs") for the Seattle Mariners (1994 to 2000), the Texas Rangers (2001 to 2004) and since 2005 the Yankees created some milestones.
With Hank Aaron and Willie Mays, only two other baseball players, Hank Aaron and Willie Mays, have similar values.
However, the 41-year-old should not be included in the rest hall of the baseball.
Because so successful Rodriguez - nickname "A-Rod" - was in the field, so controversial is his appearance outside the place.
As early as 2009, the superstar at "ESPN" admitted that steroids were prohibited between 2001 and 2003.
In August 2013, by the end of 2014, it was blocked for 211 games due to an involvement in the so-called biogenesis scandal by the end of 2014.
Rodriguez is considered to be the main suspect to have received performance-related funds for years through an anti-aging clinic in South Florida.
After a dispute, the lock was reduced to 162 encounters.
"The league could even have done me a favour for 2014, because I have been playing through 20 years without pause," said Rodriguez at the time.
Even his farewell days are not silent.
While many baseball legends in their last games once again received the big stage, Rodriguez often had to sit on the bench.
"My job does not include a farewell tour."
"My job involves trying to win each game," said Yankees-Coach Joe Girardi.
After all, Rodriguez, who was married with the actress Cameron Diaz and followed the conditions with Popstar Madonna and actress Kate Hudson, received sympathy for the fans of the Yankee-Archrival Boston Red Sox.
"We want A-Rod," the supporters sang in the 4: 9 defeat against the Rodriguez team.
Olympia 2016: Chen Xinyi, Silwia Danekova and Adrian Zielinski are the first cases of doping
Caught: Due to a positive doping test, the weight of Adrian Zielinski from Poland in Rio is not allowed to start.
Rio de Janeiro - The 2016 Olympic Games are being overshadowed by the first official doping cases.
A hit athlete would have won almost one medal.
Before the seventh competition day, the first official instances of doping have become known as the Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro.
The Chinese swimmers, Chen Xinyi, 3000-meter-obstacle runner Silwia Danekova from Bulgaria and the Polish weight holder Adrian Zielinski have been positively tested and excluded in Brazil - immediately prior to the beginning of the already critical athletics competitions, these messages come to a time of time.
In the case of Chen, the diuretics of Hydrochlorothiazid was already proven last Sunday, which is being used as a masking tool for doping substances.
The International Sports Court CAS confirmed its exclusion from the Olympic Games on Friday afternoon.
On Sunday the 18-year-old had occupied fourth place in the final over 100 m butterfly, only by 0.09 seconds they missed the bronze medal.
On Friday, Chen would have attended the courses over 50 m free style.
At the International Olympic Committee (IOC), Chen asked for the opening of the B-sample and a hearing.
The national federation takes the matter "very seriously and demands from Chen full cooperation in the investigations," quoted Xinhua from a communication: "We will cooperate with the International Court of Sport CAS and will accept the judgment."
For the first time in history, the IOC, but the CAS, is responsible for the sanctioning of sportsmen and women.
Also in the night of Rio, the news of the positive test at Danekova leaked through, the 33-year-old went on to the offensive.
"I had three tests, all negative, and my fourth test was positive," she said "an incredible shock," she said to the Bulgarian TV BNT.
She was innocent, "the only explanation could be food supplements," said the athlete.
According to the report, the banned substance is EPO.
Danekova has been suspended for the time being, according to BNT, the B-sample should also have been positive.
Bulgaria's Prime Minister, Bojko Borissow, responded promptly with criticism of the athlete.
"I do not understand why athletes do not draw the right conclusions," he said: "We Bulgarians are under observation, so many have already been excluded."
For example, all weights from the chronically tracted nation must not take part in Rio.
On Friday was also known the case "Adrian Zielinski," the London Olympic winner in the class up to 85 kg, as his brother Tomasz, three days earlier, tested positively on the anabole steroid Nandrolon.
Both of them do not take the dose, but they cannot start in the class up to 94 kg.
In particular, the Danekova case is another major blow to the reputation of the whole sport.
The World Federation of IAAF prohibited the complete Russian team, except for an exception because of systematic dopings, and the release of Kenya also produced numerous bad news in Rio.
In the swimming sport, the earlier crimes in China had also caused a great deal of controversy among athletes.
So the Frenchman Camille Lacourt attacked the Chinese Olympic champion Sun Yang harshly.
"Sun Yang pinkelt lila."
"If I see the podium over 200 m of free style, I will go hand in hand," said Lacourt on the French radio.
Sun was also at the heart of a dispute with the Australians Mack Horton.
"I have no time and no respect for doping fraudsters," he said.
Sun was positively tested in the Chinese championships in 2014, but had to sit down only for three months.
Data klau: So perfide hackers are exposing their ransom.
Programmers are currently targeting companies - and are successful in doing so.
According to a recent survey by the Malware-Defense Specialist Malwarebytes of 540 companies in North America, Great Britain and Germany, 40 percent of the companies surveyed were at least once, sometimes several times, victims of an attack with blackmail software.
In Germany, almost 20% of firms were already the target of a ransomware blackmail.
40% of the victims willingly paid the ransom required by the perpetrators in order to be able to use the systems and data that are under attack.
According to the observations of Malwarebytes, the perpetrators specialize in attacks on company networks according to the observations of Malwarebytes.
If they are successful there, the potentially blackmailing ransom field is significantly higher than for private users.
"We are witnessing a frightening rapid evolution of the malware," explained Malwarebytes-boss Marcin Kleczynski in conversation with the "World."
In 2008, most malware programs were designed to send advertising.
Then the offenders discovered blackmail software for themselves.
Only private users were the target, but the changeover to company attacks took place at a frightening pace over the past few months.
Ransomware works on a simple pattern: Once on a victim's computer, it is looking for newly modified files such as Word, Excel or database files, as well as archives of images and videos.
These files encrypt the ransomware and delete the original.
Then the software presents the demands of the blackmailers.
In order to get the final code to the files, the victims must transfer money - mostly in the form of the Cryptocurrency Bitcoin.
However, where the personal photo database is at stake for private users, companies are involved in sensitive customer data or project databases, without which production is closed.
As a result, the damage occurs when a ransomware is added.
22 percent of the German companies affected reported loss of revenue through Ransomware, 13 percent even had to interrupt the business completely, in one case people were in danger of life.
In Germany, several hospitals have already been victims of attacks, whose patients can be seriously threatened by the loss of health records.
"We always say to the victims: Does not pay, it only promotes the problem," says Kleczynski.
But 80 to 90% of the companies that pay will get their data again.
For managers, it is difficult to reject the demand of the perpetrators in the face of a standstill.
Hackers again know that and try to build a good reputation.
In a recent study, the security researchers of F-Secure investigated the user interface and contacts with the blackmailers and come to the result: The perpetrators are actually trying to build a kind of customer service to take more money.
They explain to their victims through chat, how they can pay by bitcoin, set freely accessible support sites or unlock example files for free.
And if private individuals are redeemed after payment of a few hundred euros, companies will have to negotiate hard and pay five-digit sums in order to recover their data unencrypted.
In view of the potentially high and relatively risky profits from the ransomware blackmail, hackers are increasingly professional and share the work, explains security expert Chester Wisniewski of the antivirus provider Sophos: "A single person can write a Ransomware about within a week."
However, it is more likely that there are three or four people.
The programmers then sell their malicious software in the form of a software building block to the actual blackmailers.
The previous malware kits were created by buying the malware themselves, advice, and additional tools for a unique, fixed price between 1000 and 10,000 dollars.
"The scope of delivery is an adjustment tool, so that smaller configurations, appearance and branding can be changed," says Wisniewski.
The blackmailers are looking for more hackers to distribute the newly purchased software among the victims.
We live in a service economy.
So you can login in one of the subground forums, buy the set of a criminal and charge another to install the software to as many PCs as possible.
Payment is per infected machine.
"usually the criminals then recruit spammers with the spread," says Wisniewski.
The risk of Ransomware is now known to many companies that better secure their data.
More than 50 percent of the company's IT managers in the Malwarebytes-survey trust to be able to ward off Ransomware by means of file backups and scanner software.
As a result, the perpetrators are already pursuing new strategies.
"If the encryption of data is not a sufficient threat to successful testing alone, the perpetrators are threatening to publish sensitive data such as customer lists or price calculations," explains Malwarebytes-boss Marcin Kleczynski.
Thus, the damage potential, depending on the type of data, is even higher than before.
In the future, the perpetrators could also take completely new objectives on the Internet of things.
At the hacker conference Defcon, security researchers demonstrated how they were able to control a thermostat connected to the Internet.
In the middle of the winter, the opening of such a blocked heating could well be worth a ransom.
If, instead of heating in the future, the perpetrators block a whole production line in a factory, Ransomware could also become a subject in industry 4.0.
One for all cases
Honda HR-V is flexible and everyday
In the small HR-V Honda wants to pack everything: A little SUV, a little coupé and also the versatility of a minivan.
Sounds rather overloaded, but the HR-V, which was constructed on the same new platform as the new jazz, actually proves to be extremely flexible in everyday life.
Although the HR-V, which is only 1.60 m high, is rather small, the passengers have a lot of space in both the first row and the rear, it does not work closely.
The materials of the interior are well processed and are pleasant, but only the cockpit top has something to do.
The HR-V is more versatile than comparable vehicles.
It is not only a bounce room of 453 litres at high level and 1026 l. It is available at the same time as the "Magic Seats" and the "Magic Seats."
This is less magic than it sounds: The seat of the back bank can be folded up like a child's boiler and thus offer storage space, which is 1.24 m high from the ground up to the ceiling.
The boot room can be loaded well, but the loading height with 650 mm is slightly higher than the comparable Peugeot 2008.
The tested 1.6-l-Diesel with 88 kW / 120 hp accelerates the HR-V thanks to the torque of up to 300 Nm in wide speed ranges very powerful.
However, he is expected to do his work more quietly.
The daily consumption of 4,7 l/100 km is gratifying.
There is another motorisation: A 1,5-l-Benziner with 96 kW / 130 hp.
An all-wheel drive is not offered.
Driving behaviour is balanced, a good compromise between dynamism and comfort.
But the governance should be a little more direct.
The equipment in the top version of "Executive" does not leave any wishes open.
Security systems include the city emergency brake assistant (working up to speed 32), the collision warning system and the track record assistant.
The collision warner sometimes irritates because it evaluates many obstacles as "approaching objects."
The remote light assistant works very reliably.
And the intelligent Temporegler responds to the traffic sign detection and reduces the speed when required.
Full connectivity is available only for the top level: 7-inch touchscreen, Navi, App-Integration and more.
Two USB and one HDMI connector are under the armrest and are therefore to be achieved in a cumbersome way.
The around 29000 euros for the well equipped top diesel are in order.
If you don't want to invest so much, you will receive the gasoline from €20000, the Diesel from 23000 euros.
The engines meet the Euro 6 emissions standard.
With the HR-V Honda offers a versatile and all-day car.
Airline is not responsible: Overthrow on Passenger Bridge
An airline is not responsible for the overthrow of a passenger on the passenger bridge.
The Supreme Court of Düsseldorf (Az.: 18 U 124/14) argued that a liability would only be possible in the case of dangers that are typical of air transport.
The plaintiff had broken a knee in the fall.
However, the accident could have happened everywhere - it was a general risk of life, the court said.
The airline did not have to pay compensation to the man.
Illness: When the organiser pays
After their journey, sick holidaymakers will only get money if the cause of the disease is unquestionably found in the hotel.
But this is only the case when more than ten per cent of the guests have shown the same symptoms.
In this case, a family was hard hit by diarrhea and vomiting on the second day of her Turkish leave.
She spent almost the whole holiday in the room.
Their illness led the holidaymakers to a defective purification plant, which was supposed to pollute the sea water.
The family was of the opinion that the journey was so flawed - and complained against the organizer.
The plaintiff had no success before the Court of First Instance.
It is true that the wastewater treatment plant was defective.
But the organizer learned of it just before the plaintiff's departure.
He had to assume that the seawater was in order.
In other words, he did not violate his information obligations, so the verdict.
No pollution has been found in water samples.
The illness of several hotel guests - possibly by contagion among themselves - belongs to the general risk of life.
Of 691 guests were only 38.
De Maizière said that, according to the acts of violence committed by refugees in Würzburg and Ansbach in July, many people would be concerned about further attacks.
The state must respond calmly and resolutely to terrorist threats.
What is certain is that our country will not respond to the violence of the perpetrators with hatred and division.
We will not treat this triumph to the terrorists.
If criminals would have to leave the country more quickly, however, that would increase security and also give the people the support of the refugee policy.
De Maizière intends to implement the proposals until the federal elections in 2017.
He also announced a further reinforcement of the security forces of the security forces, "in the middle of a number of years."
There must be a return of sympathy for terrorism.
Video surveillance is to be improved, the right of arms to be amended to make it more difficult to buy weapons on the Internet.
The last much-discussed confidentiality requirement for doctors is to be maintained in the words of Mrs Maizières.
However, in dialogue with the medical profession, he wants to find solutions to how to reduce the threat to the citizens, he said, with regard to mental disorders, for example.
In order to counter the radicalisation of refugees, the Minister considers better social support.
Teachers would have to be better prepared for dealing with traumatised people.
In order to prosecute criminals in specific areas of the Internet (Darknet), de Maizière plans to use covert investigators.
SPD boss Gabriel said: "The SPD is ready to talk about everything that contributes to further raising security."
It is important that the Minister for the Interior has clearly opposed activism.
"That was a slap for the sharfmakers in the CDU/CSU," said Gabriel the newspaper of the Funke Media Group (Friday).
De Maizière had previously rejected calls from the Union for a ban on Burma and the abolition of double nationality.
A general ban on full concealment is constitutionally problematic.
We cannot ban everything that is opposed, and I reject the wearing of the burka.
We can talk about rules, for example, in the case of road transport or for witnesses in court.
Mr Simone Peter, head of the Group of the Greens/European Free Alliance, said to the Minister that he wanted to simulate the power and ability to act with ever new anti-terrorism packages.
Left party leader Bernd Riexinger said: "Fleet and a tightening of the right of residence do not bring security to the people of this country."
Improved flow of traffic on the motorway
It is regularly on the bypass - here is a picture of November.
But this should change: The legal basis is to be extended.
This is good news for all car drivers who are on the road on the road every night in congestion when they drive through the motorway (A 43).
On Tuesday and Wednesday (16/17 August), the country's road construction sector extends the area between the Hammer Straße and the Weseler Straße exit at 700 meters.
Car drivers can then turn right directly from the Hammer Straße.
The big advantage: The traffic will be more early, thus improving the overall process on the much-frequented section of the Bundesstraße 51.
The idea with the extended exit had the CDU group in the district representation of Münster-West.
The road narrowing down to the supplier will leave the car drivers mainly between 17 and 19: 00.
On weekdays, the backlog reaches to the bridge over the Albersloher way and sometimes beyond.
Reason is the needle eye on the B 51 shortly before the departure of Weseler Straße.
From here, transport is guided only by the motorway bridge.
The second track had to be built more than three quarters of years ago.
The reason: Static calculations have shown that the bridge no longer has the necessary capacity to absorb heavy goods traffic in particular.
As long as this bottleneck and the related workday congestion will continue, the competent state company cannot say.
However, there are years to be expected: The bridge has an official retention period up to 2034.
For the prolongation of the legal deduction, the country has deliberately chosen the weaker time in the school holidays, because it is expected to be disabled.
The traffic is closed on Tuesday and on Wednesday at the site.
Intercultural journey: Cultural offers for schools
The international class of the Forest School visited the play "The invisible house."
The club NIMA's and the Young Theater are now planning a music project.
The association NIMA's enables young people with migration and refugee backgrounds to visit cultural institutions in Münster.
The "Class International" of the Waldschule Kinderhaus has attended an idea of the award winning piece "Das invisible Haus" of the Young Theater Münster.
In the context of the "Intercultural journey" initiated by the association NIMA's, 19 students visited between eleven and 15 years the staging in the small house.
Since the beginning of the year the association, which aims at the cultural integration of young people with a migration and refugee background, has offered schools with welcome classes the opportunity to visit cultural institutions in Münster as part of this project.
Most young people in the class had come to Münster from September 2015 to March 2016, including Afghanistan, Iran, Serbia, and Syria.
Thanks to the choreographies, the scenical images and video animations, it was possible for them to follow the course of action, such as the press release of the boy Theater Münster.
The club NIMA's, founded by Dr. Tannaz Westerberg from Sprakel, and the Young Theater will work in the next season in the context of a music theater-project.
From October to December, young people with and without a flight and migration background should be given the opportunity to attend professionally guided courses in the fields of singing, dance, play and music.
Offers for children and families in the field of theatre play and theatrical language mediation are in the planning.
The "Intercultural journey" project continues.
In view of the increased numbers of refugees, the club expects many classes that want to participate.
Rainfall rather than star rates: Hope for weather improvement
The weather has made the star schnuppen-Guckern in the south-west of Germany in the night on Friday one of the lines of the bill - but there is still hope.
The night, due to clouds and rain, was bad enough to observe the heavenly spectacle, said the chairman of the observatory Welzheim, Hans-Ulrich Keller, on Friday morning.
Our hope lies on the night of Saturday.
The weather is supposed to be good, then we certainly see many starches in the sky.
The startups are Perseiden, which, with 216000 kilometres per hour, are among the fastest startups.
They have their name, because they seem to come from the star image of Perseus, which goes to the northeast.
Relaxing night: Tips on sleep disturbances
The room was very small and the bathroom was very small.
That is anything but relaxing.
After all, we are in good society with such problems: According to the Robert Koch Institute, about a quarter of adults have sleep disturbances and more than ten per cent have seen their sleep often or permanently not recovered.
What are sleep problems or sleep disturbances?
There are several forms of sleep disturbances, and there are many reasons behind it, emphasized Hans-Günter Weben, member of the board of the German Society for sleep research and sleep medicine.
However, what you can understand is the insomnie, that is, an entry and sleep disorder.
It is precisely that that many people find unsatisfactory or insufficient, says Jens Wagenknecht, member of the board of directors in the German Chamber of Medicine, in practice in Varel in Lower Saxony.
What is behind sleep disturbances?
The causes of sleep disorders are complex.
Organic, mental or behavioral factors may be behind it, but also medicines.
Not seldom is the sleep disorder an expression of another disease.
"very early awakening is often often, especially during a depression," said Wealth.
And it may be that different factors require each other.
For example, if you have a band failure, you can be bad, weight every two to three hours, and may start to greet about everyday problems and orgae, there is one example.
This leads to tension, and sleep is no longer possible.
When should sleep disturbance to the doctor?
If you don't sleep well over a period of one month in at least three nights per week and is impaired on the day, you should go to the doctor.
The impairment may be very different: One is insulated, tired, unspent, has difficulties with the attention and concentration, is easily irritable, has mood fluctuations or physical complaints such as stomach or headaches.
In order to alleviate sleep disturbances, it is important to find out its causes.
Treatment options include behavioral changes, cognitive behavior therapy, or even medications - classic sleep-tablets only in exceptional cases and not at most for two weeks.
In Germany there is hardly any person established in Germany, emphasizing Prof. Ingo Fietze, head of the interdisciplinary sleeping medical centre of the Charité University Medicine Berlin.
For this reason, in the case of sleep problems, you should first contact the home doctor.
It is possible to investigate whether the problems have a physical cause.
Who should enter the sleep laboratory and what happens?
For example, to study in the sleep laboratory, physicians suggest, for example, in snoring with breathing irons, in the case of sickening day fatigue, sleep converters, or if you do not find the cause of a sleep disorder, Fietze explains.
We really do not have to prepare for the study.
You should spend the day normally.
"Only please do not make a nap of lunch," says Fietze.
After the curing, you go to bed at your normal time.
In addition to the electrodes on the body, one carries a nozzle, a chest strap and a finger at the finger.
In addition, a camera on the ceiling sets the sleeping end.
How can people get to grips with the problems?
There are plenty of screws that can be used for better sleep.
The hotel is located in the centre of the city, only a few minutes away from the city centre. The hotel is located in the centre of the city, just a short walk from the city centre.
What the jungle camp with missing medals in swimming
The former German swimmer Markus Deibler has expressed himself on Facebook for the disappointing performance of the DSV team at Olympis.
In December 2014, he first won gold at the World Championships in Doha and, at the same time, presented his first world record.
Now, the former DSV Athlet Markus Deibler, via Facebook, has been protesting against his ex-team colleagues who are in criticism.
"In a country where an Olympic winner receives 20,000 €premium and a jungle king 150,000 €should not be surprised by a lack of medals," said the 26-year-old in the night on Friday on his Facebook page.
The support system for swimming sport is bad, but the control of doping is very good.
In this way, we cannot compete with countries that promote a great deal and do not look at it in the same way as we do on the issue of doping.
"I do not say that controls should be stopped here," he added.
If he wanted to start a comeback, Deibler would have to be notified nine months before his first launch of the National Anti-Doping Agency Germany (NADA).
This is how it should be maintained with countries.
"He who cannot be checked for a certain period of time before World Cup/OS by independent inspectors of WADA/FINA cannot participate," says the Election Hamburg, who is now conducting an ice cream.
Airport: Arrested by luggage
Professional Diebe at Düsseldorf Airport
Two women and two men aged between 50 and 61 were arrested on Thursday.
The suspects had committed multiple pocket and baggage steels as bands.
On 21: 30 civil servants in the area of the Düsseldorf Airport recognized a bande known to the police from past theft crimes.
The two men and two men had committed several offences since mid-July, and were involved in a collaborative, labour-intensive and particularly professional manner.
The specialists in the Crime Office 34 can show four deeds to the thieves who have entered Germany specifically for committing crimes.
They used a total of more than 15,000 euros.
Old buildings, a few of the Linden trees, are still one of the remaining cobblestones: The Rigaer Strasse in Berlin-Friedrichshain does not look like this at first sight, but the police are one of the "dangerous places" of the city.
If you go down the road from east to west, you can get to the playgrounds, a playful kindergarten and a biolade.
At the façade of a grey house, someone has screened "ugly!."
In comparison with a Lidl, which will soon be demolished, it is already being built: Until 2017, a house with high windows and 133 new rental apartments will be created.
Articles about this "trendy quarter," as the real estate company Friedrichshain calls, are, however, favored in the last few weeks with burning cars.
The reason is the house with the number 94: Once it was occupied, meanwhile the residents have rent contracts, on the ground floor are still spaces and are used for events.
Since the beginning of the year, Berlin's internal senator Henkel, in particular, has argued for a hard work by the police against the project, the area as a "no-go zone" for police officers and the 94 as the starting point for autonomous violence.
On 22 June, the ground floor, the cadtersmiths, with 300 police officers, patrolled the police for three weeks, according to official statements, with 30 to 40 officials and three teams on the ground, closed sections of the street and stopped visitors from entering the house with number 94.
On behalf of the unknown homeowners, renovated construction workers are the rooms.
On 13 July, a Berlin Administrative Court ruled that the clearance was illegal, and a day later, police and construction workers withdrew from the jewel of sympathizers and residents.
On this summer afternoon, the street works peacefully: Parents walk with children, people sit on the pavement in front of the houses in the sun, others talk about the Späti.
A primary school and kindergartens are located close to the house projects.
The left violence is not the main concern of many residents: Kerstin Neugebauer, who has lived in the Kiev since 1999, and Jana *, who attracts three children here, are mainly genervated by the police presence.
With the residents of the house projects, they share the concern of rising rents and ginging.
It does not sound like a Kiez, the majority of which wanted police protection against vaulting left.
The ditch that the Berlin interior senator and the police place between squatters and their neighbours does not seem to exist.
Friedrichshain in the east of Berlin was actually a traditional working quarter, which also has a low average income and high risk of poverty in comparison to the rest of the city.
There are also domestic occupations and the ensuing housing projects have been part of Kiev for a long time: In 1990 numerous houses were occupied in the former GDR, including almost the entire Mainzer street close to the Rigaer.
While the maintainers had been evacuated under great police coverage in a regular street slaughter, many of the projects were legalised in the Rigaer and are still inhabited by the people who occupied them 26 years ago.
At the same time, the district has become a magnet for tourists and voters from all over the world over the past few years: People from DDR times and former squatters are now sharing their sights with them.
This also applies to the rental companies, which have increased by almost 60 per cent since 2009.
Many of the new buildings in the Rigaer are under attack as symbols of this development: They can be seen on the inserted windows or freshly painted facades which have been thrown with colour bags.
No other road was mentioned this year so often with the words "linksautonomous violence."
One reason why not all the neighbours consider this to be a problem could be that they are not necessarily affected by crime: Crimes such as personal injury are reported almost exclusively to police officers.
The biggest part of the crime is the damage to property, which tends to affect new buildings and newly renovated houses.
For Kerstin Neugebauer, who has lived for 17 years in a rental house next to the controversial 94, there can be no talk of uncertainty.
As far as violence is concerned, it is appeasement: The people in the 94 are their neighbours, who have certainly not been.
Even the famous burning cars no longer exist in the Rigaer.
For the architect, her street is not a criminal focal point, on the contrary: "Here you can help each other, live together on the road and get more from each other than elsewhere."
Neugebauer is deliberately drawn into the Rigaer Street - and remained.
That is why it was so important that the residents should get back to their streets: From the police, politics and the media, who, in July, all suddenly claimed the sovereignty of the area.
But, in the eyes of residents like Neugebauer, the road continues to be taken away from them: Through faceless new buildings in former construction gaps, which are pushing the old inhabitants.
"These are, after all, condominiums that are not interesting for many here - here are people who are not so good," she says.
"I absolutely cannot approve of violence and destruction."
But what should be done if someone is never listening to someone?
There is frustration on all sides, including the police and the residents.
For those who are annoyed by color bombs, Kerstin Neugebauer has little understanding: The house projects and the left scene belonged to the Kiez.
If you prefer, you should be aware of this - just as someone dragging into a pub district can complain about noise there.
All those who have only been given first names have asked not to be called by their proper name.
Urbach: Annika Deuschle is a new refugee commissioner
Annika Deuschle is the contact person for integration and organizer.
She is also a social worker on the ground.
Since July Annika Deuschle has been the refugee commissioner for Urbach.
The social pedagogy supports the team of management around Achim Grockenberger.
It sees itself as a contact for all actors: Refugees, refugee aid, administration, public authorities, and anyone else.
Regine customer of the working group suggests that the honorary official is more than grateful that Deuschle is now there, the eierlegende Wollmilchsau, which mainly has a problem.
For example, some were referring to the multiplicity of tasks that were needed, rather than the administration, when the administration wanted to write out the job.
An administrative force with a talent for languages and people, combined with a long experience of social work, has been sought, just as a ferocious Wollmilchsau.
But administrative work is not their central area, says Annika Deuschle.
Above all, it is about organisation, work with the people on the ground and also behind the scenes and network activity.
The 31-year-old has been doing so for about six weeks.
It has limited a 50 percentage point to three years.
"It was high time," says Regine customer, that Annika Deuschle supports honest and main actors.
There are large and small problems, organisational, human and communication problems.
New containers will soon be available on Wasenstraße
A serious problem has been going on for some time now to find housing for the connecting refugees who have been recognised.
The municipalities are responsible for connecting services.
They must accommodate the refugees in their own or rented homes.
The costs of building, renting or renovating these accommodation must be borne by the municipalities themselves.
The responsibility changes from the Landscape to Kommune and Jobcenter.
Problem: There are free objects, but not every landlord wants to offer his apartment.
The search has been very difficult for some time.
De facto, the administration does not find private homes.
So far, it does not work, with the need for private housing, such as Deuschle.
Therefore, public housing needs to be caught up, as it is so beautiful.
So new containers will soon be placed in the Wasenstraße.
But only with housing is it not done.
Perspective is the keyword, Regine customer and Annika Deuschle agree.
In addition to a fixed lead, there are traineeships, training places, school places, one-euro jobs and training for refugees and migrants who need to be funded or set up.
"More seats would be good," says Regine customer.
Many work in the Bauhof or help homemasters, do not-for-profit work - and this is motivated and very orderly, as Annika Deuschle reports.
It hopes that work for the community will lead to a positive external effect.
That is "no employment therapy."
But work does not only mean work.
The day needs a fixed structure, say Deuschle and customer.
People would have to develop a sense of belonging.
So it needs offers like sport, contacts with locals and especially language courses.
Professional courses are rar.
So, here too, there is administration and honorary official.
It is crucial that the refugees feel that they are wanted and welcome in Germany.
The long duration of the procedures is a problem.
They need to explain to the refugees that it will take time and that they will be able to bridge the time, for example with language courses.
Anyone who develops the feeling that he cannot help anyone in Urbach should not work and be useless, who will never be able to integrate himself.
The clear majority was motivated.
The work of Deuschle and the customer is therefore always to motivate others.
All this is a "mammoth task."
A difficult question: After the recent events, are the two afraid of radicalization, including in a small community like Urbach?
"No," says Regine customer very clearly, "what some may call naïve," but it cannot and do not preclude a balance of risk.
However, the volunteers are already aware of this.
These incidents are also issues for the refugees.
They are afraid that the attackers are making them completely discredited.
"They want to show that they have nothing to do," says Regine customer.
Many would like to stay in Urbach.
In other words, local and local volunteers must look out for activities in the region.
They have always been in the background that a new blow could soon come to refugees and migrants to Urbach.
Does Germany need a ceiling?
To give a clear answer to this question is the policy.
In fact, it is unfair to place them on the spot.
"In Urbach we have not yet arrived at where we want to go," says Annika Deuschle.
No new refugees would relax the situation.
Regine customer also makes it clear that the Urbacher has already been used to integrate the previous people wisely.
These are about 100 people, mostly young men.
But if people in need are in need, they must be helped, both women agree.
The political world is so complicated, there are no easy answers.
Schorndorf: Search engines searched
The police helicopter flew to various areas for about one hour - unsuccessful.
Two unknown men were forced into an apartment in a multi-family house in the Lindenweg on Friday morning at 8.50 a.m.
The inhabitant surprised the two and beat the Unholde in the flight.
The two men were about 1.65 to 1.70 meters large, probably masked, both wore bluejeans and black capubility pulses.
It was in the direction of the city centre.
In order to punish the police, the police set up several strikes, as well as a police helicopter.
The investigation ran without success.
Perhaps the unknown did not occur near the apartment or in its flight.
Baden-Württemberg: Police identified after Rocker attack on Imbiss
After an attack on an Ulmer Imbiss, the police investigated six suspects from the Rockermilieu for serious land peace.
In the case of housing searches, evidence and narcotics had been secured, the police announced on Friday.
Some 20 masked men of a rocker-like group had, according to the police, thrown bottles and stones against the window window of a snack in July.
After that, they were to be attacked by two guests and slightly injured.
After that they fled.
There was a damage of 10000 euros on the snack bar and on the adjacent building.
According to the investigators, there is a dispute in the Ulmer Rockermilieu between a Kurdish and a Turkish course.
Thuringia: Zeiss Meditec moved closer to the turnover billion
High demand for medical technology in Asia has stimulated the turnover of Carl Zeiss Meditec.
In the first nine months of the fiscal year commenced in October, the group sales rose by 6.7 percent to 798.6 million euros, as the listed company announced on Friday in Jena.
The Asian business grew disproportionately by 17.1%.
Earnings before interest and taxes increased from EUR 89.5 million to EUR 110,5 million.
In this financial year, the Jenaer medical technology group wants to exceed the sales mark of one billion euros, reconfirmed the Board of Management.
Zeiss Meditec produces equipment and equipment for medical practices and clinics.
The company, which belongs to the optical and electronic company Carl Zeiss (Obercooking), employs nearly 3,000 people.
