A 28-year-old cook was found dead in the mall of San Francisco
The 28-year-old chef, who recently moved to San Francisco, was found dead in the stairwell of a local shopping center this week.
However, the victim's brother says that he can not imagine someone who would like to hurt him, noting: "At last things were going well with him."
"The body, found at Westfield Mall on Wednesday morning, was identified as 28-year-old San Francisco resident Frank Galicia," the San Francisco Forensic Bureau said.
The San Francisco Police Department reports that death was classified as murder and the investigation continues.
The victim's brother, Luis Galicia, told the KGO channel of the ABC television station in San Francisco that Frank, the past cook of the distribution line in Boston, got his dream job as a chef at the San Francisco's Sons & Daughters restaurant six months ago.
A spokesman for Sons & Daughters said that they were "shocked and depressed" by his death.
"We are a small team that works as a friendly family and it will be very missed," the representative said.
Our thoughts and condolences to Frank's family and friends in this difficult period.
Luis Galicia said that Frank first stayed at the hostels, but recently "At last things were going well with him."
"He found an apartment, he met a girl," - Luis Galicia told KGO.
Luis Galicia said he can not imagine someone who would like to hurt his younger brother.
He had a good heart and a big heart.
His way of communication with the family has always been to prepare us some dish, cook dinner for us, "said Luis Galicia.
He never wanted to be involved in any quarrel.
He was a brother who sailed with the flow.
"With all the bad things happening to this world, it was that uncut diamond that shone brightly every day," he said.
All those who own the information are asked to call the SFPD Hotline at 415-575-4444.
Churkin said that the UN Security Council meeting on Crimea was useful.
Permanent Representative of the Russian Federation to the UN Vitaly Churkin said that the last meeting of the UN Security Council on Crimea was useful, reports Interfax.
"I think the discussion was useful for us, and we provided them with information about what happened," Churkin said.
He explained that in closed consultations of the Security Council he had provided information to the member states on the incidents in the territory of the Republic of Crimea and read out a statement by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation in which "concerns and indignation about the attempted terrorist attack and sabotage in the territory of the Republic of Crimea are expressed."
The Russian men's team reached the final of the combined relay race 4 to 100 m.
The Russian men's team managed to reach the final of the combined relay race 4 to 100 meters in swimming at the Olympics in Rio de Janeiro.
Russians in the qualification presented Anton Chupkov, Evgeny Koptelov, Alexander Sukhorukov and Grigory Tarasevich.
They sailed the distance in 3 minutes 32.95 seconds.
The Russians showed the sixth result.
In the preliminary round, the best time for the British is 3 minutes 30.47 seconds.
The final will be held in the late evening on Saturday.
The Russian foil-wielders defeated the Americans and went to the final of the tournament for OI.
The Russian fencing team reached the final of the team tournament at the Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro.
In the semifinals, Russian athletes defeated the American team with a score of 45:41.
The final will be held at 00.30, in which the Russians will battle with the team of France, who won the match in the semifinals with the Italians with a score of 45:30.
Russian judoist reached the 1/8 finals of the Olympics
Russian judoist Renat Saidov on Friday defeated Austrian Daniel Allerstorfer in the 1/16 finals of the Olympic Games in the category of over 100 kg, the site reports.
In one eighth finals the Russian will meet with the Brazilian Rafael Silva.
It was judoists who brought two of the four gold medals at the Russian Olympics.
Beslan Mudranov became the best in the weight category up to 60 kg, Khasan Halmurzayev - in the category up to 81 kg.
At the moment, the Russian team takes seventh place in the medal standings with 19 awards.
The size of the national debt of Italy increased to record figures
The size of the national debt of Italy in June 2016 exceeded 2,248 trillion euros.
The central bank said that this amount is the historical maximum, RIA Novosti reported.
The previous negative record was set in May this year.
Then the size of the national debt reached 2.228 trillion euros.
It is noted that for the first half of the debt load of Italy increased by 77.2 billion euros.
Earlier it was reported that at the end of 2015, Italy's public debt was 132.7% of the country's GDP.
Meanwhile, the Italian Minister of Economy and Finance Pierre Carlo Padoan forecasted a decline in this indicator in 2016 to 130.9%, and in 2018 - to 123.4% of GDP.
Payments from the airport received 141 victims of the terrorist attack in Domodedovo.
141 people received charity payments from the Aviation Fund, which was created by the management of the Domodedovo airport to help those affected by the terrorist attack in 2011, Interfax reported.
According to Alexander Vlasov, airport spokesman, two more applications are under consideration.
"On the part of the fund, charity payments are continuing to those who suffered from the terrorist act of 2011 and are provided with comprehensive assistance in resolving existing issues," Vlasov added, recalling that specifically to facilitate interaction with victims, a fund website was created containing full information on the procedure for providing charitable assistance.
In 2011, the suicide bomber launched an explosive device in the Domodedovo airport.
As a result of the terrorist attack, 37 people were killed and 172 more were injured.
Scientists have found an animal that can live 500 years
An international group of biologists came to the conclusion that the longest living vertebrate is the Greenland polar shark, which can live about 500 years, reports RT.
Scientists conducted a radiocarbon analysis of the lens of the eye of 28 Greenland sharks.
The largest shark, whose length exceeds five meters, can be from 272 to 512 years.
Biologists believe that an important role in the longevity of the shark is played by low metabolism, which leads to a slow development.
The females of Greenland sharks reach puberty only by 150 years.
Earlier it was believed that the "neighbor" of the shark-the Greenland whale-lived the longest of vertebrates.
The oldest specimen, known to scientists, was slightly over 210 years old.
Putin changed the composition of the Security Council of the Russian Federation.
Russian President Vladimir Putin by his decree changed the composition of the Security Council of the Russian Federation, the Kremlin press service reported.
Earlier it became known that Putin removed from office the head of the presidential administration Sergei Ivanov, his successor appointed Anton Vaino.
Ivanov will now work as a special representative of the president on issues of environmental protection, ecology and transport.
Among the permanent members of the Security Council of the Russian Federation, Rashid Nurgaliyev, the secretary of the Council, was expelled.
The council includes Sergei Ivanov, Anton Vaino, presidential envoy to the Siberian Federal District Sergei Moyajlo and the plenipotentiary in the Northwestern Federal District Nikolai Tsukanov.
Sergei Ivanov was relieved of his post as head of the presidential administration.
By presidential decree, Sergei Ivanov was relieved of his post as head of the Kremlin administration.
Ivanov is appointed special representative of the Russian Federation for environmental protection, ecology and transport.
Anton Vaino, who previously held the post of deputy Sergei Ivanov, was appointed new administrator of the administration.
According to Vladimir Putin, Ivanov himself asked him to transfer to another job.
Should I go to a sanatorium if there are no health problems?
Our expert is the chief doctor of the sanatorium Olga Bogush.
And if a person is healthy, just tired of work, is it worth it to go to a sanatorium?
Sanatorium and resort rest is necessary for us not only for treatment, but also for disease prevention.
In a sanatorium, a person can check the condition of his body and get advice from a doctor how to live, so that his health does not collapse.
Such recommendations will not be superfluous to anyone.
"I'm just tired of work" - this is an important signal of the body, it should not be dismissed.
Constant stress, mental and physical fatigue can lead to depression and chronic fatigue syndrome.
And about 90% of visitors experience stress.
And the most exposed to it people from large cities aged 45 to 55 years.
So it's better not to complicate the situation and give yourself time to rest.
Studies show that 98% of people reduce their biological age during their stay at the sanatorium.
Modern sanatoriums offer a comfortable rest for the whole family.
So, if you want to spend a vacation with children, you do not have to part with them.
For children, even the smallest, health programs are provided, which include both diagnostic services, pediatrician consultations, tests, and medical ones.
For example, swimming (in many sanatoria there are children's pools), inhalations, a special diet, massages, oxygen cocktails, therapeutic exercise.
The course of procedures is determined by the doctor taking into account individual indications and features of the growing organism.
In addition, in the sanatoriums, as a rule, there is a children's club with animators, where children can attend game classes, various master classes.
Some sanatoriums open their doors even for guests with babies, provide babies with the necessary conditions and provide services for an experienced nanny.
Soft winter, long summer, an abundance of sunny days a year (over 300) create good conditions for year-round recreation at the resorts of the Caucasian Mineral Waters.
And then the body needs rest not only in the summer.
So do not be afraid of the weather outside the window, especially since most of the procedures are carried out indoors and in no way depend on the season.
Generally, it is desirable to spend spa treatment 2 times a year, especially to people of mature age.
The main feature of the Caucasian Mineral Waters region, of course, is the healing mineral springs: Slavyanovskiy, Smirnovsky, Essentuki, Narzan.
Their waters have unique properties and affect different body systems.
Water differs in temperature, salt content, total mineralization, chemical and gas composition.
The doctor selects water depending on the state of health of the patient.
So, "Narzan" has anti-inflammatory, immunomodulating action, restores gastrointestinal function and metabolism.
"Essentuki-4" affects the gastrointestinal tract, reduces the level of sugar.
"Essentuki new" has anti-inflammatory, choleretic and diuretic effects.
The same effects have and the water "Slavyanovskaya."
With the appointment of water doctor necessarily takes into account the state of the cardiovascular system.
If there are signs of hypertension, it picks up less salt water, because the salts retain the fluid, which leads to an increase in pressure.
Admission of mineral water requires compliance with the regime: water should be drunk at a certain time, in the right amount and a specific temperature.
Now in the sanatoriums are available and various cosmetic procedures for the face and body.
What types of recovery, based on the natural features of the North Caucasus, can be obtained at the resorts of this region?
Near Pyatigorsk, for example, there is a salt lake Tambukan, mud mud of which is useful for joints, spine, internal organs.
It has anti-inflammatory, resolving, immunomodulating effect.
These are wellness trips on individually compiled routes.
They are especially popular in Kislovodsk, where there is a huge Spa Park (the second largest in Europe).
Popular in Kislovodsk, which is in close proximity to the mineral spring "Narzan".
There you can also take a bath of wine, pearl, iodide-bromine, selenium, sage-licorice, depending on what you will appoint a doctor.
Prolong fruiting.
What can I do to make the harvest till the end of the season?
Yulia Belopukhova, agronomist and dacha woman tells.
Tall tomatoes are time to arrange a haircut: remove new stepsons, cut off the tops, remove all leaves to the penultimate brush with fruits and inflorescences with small ovaries - they will not have time to ripen.
All tomatoes, irrespective of the "constitution", as well as peppers and eggplants, are fed with an ash-superphosphate extract, processed with biological preparations (Morozov - for accelerating the filling and growth of fruits, Phytosporin-M, Phytolavin, Gamair, Bactofit for diseases, Immunocytophyte for immunity, Bitoxibacillin, Lepidocide, Phyto-vermis - if there are pests).
Of the chemicals in late summer is to use only copper sulfate, colloidal sulfur and green soap.
We make the last watering of plants.
Long-flowered cucumbers in the greenhouse are lowered from the trellis so that the lower, bare part of the stem (25-40 cm) lies on the ground, watered with warm water and Zircon solution, pour the stem with 5-7 cm of compost.
Extend the fruiting zucchini is also easy: cut old leaves, pour with warm water and a solution of complex fertilizer, sprinkle fertile soil under the bush.
To protect against nighttime colds, place an arc over the garden with cover material.
Keep plants open during the day and close them after sunset.
Signs of the end.
What does it mean that Russia is emerging from the crisis?
Economists saw signs of Russia's withdrawal from the longest recession in the last twenty years.
As analysts interviewed by Bloomberg analysts, Russia's GDP demonstrates a positive trend - in the second quarter, GDP fell by 0.8% in annual terms.
This indicator is minimal since the beginning of 2015.
According to the latest data of Rosstat, the decline of the Russian economy in the second quarter slowed to 0.6%.
The Central Bank and the Ministry of Economic Development recently announced stabilization of the situation.
Ahead - slow growth.
According to CBR experts, the recession in the Russian economy has remained in the past.
"The index estimate of Russia's GDP suggests that the recession has been left behind, and ahead is a slow growth of the economy," the Bank of Russia bulletin says What Trends Say.
Modular estimation of GDP for the current quarter increased the regulatory specialists to 0.4%, the estimate for the fourth quarter was 0.5%.
According to the representative of the Ministry of Economic Development, during the second quarter the decline in the Russian GDP stopped in the second quarter, amounting to 0.2%.
In the second quarter, the seasonally adjusted decline in GDP was 0.2% compared to the previous quarter.
But during the quarter the decline stopped: in April it was 0.2%, and in May and June the GDP change was in the range of 0-0.15 ", - quotes the representative of the Ministry of Economic Development of the RIA Novosti.
The slowdown in the rate of decline of the Russian economy during the last five quarters indicates that the "bottom is over".
Among other markers, indicating signs of revival of the national economy, Bloomberg calls the growth of demand for electricity and rail transportation, business revival.
If we make an amendment to the fact that the year is a leap year, it is clear that the dynamics in plus 1% of electricity consumption can be half due to an additional working day.
Add to this the lower average annual temperature in the first quarter.
The next argument is the growth of freight traffic, but it is difficult to obtain accurate data, and plus or minus 0.5% of the semi-annual volume can also be explained by seasonality, "explains Kirill Yakovenko from ALOR BROKER.
However, there are other, more obvious signs of stabilizing the Russian economy.
For example, reducing the price pressure.
In July, the consumer price index was 7.2% compared to 15.6% in the same month last year.
Moreover, the last two weeks Rosstat fixes deflation.
Prices in Russia declined for the first time in five years.
If you look at the dynamics of the ruble, which, although it showed strong fluctuations at the beginning of the year, increased by 12% in August from the beginning of the year.
This is also one of the signs of recovery, followed by indicators from the real sector of the economy, "Yakovenko said.
In addition, since April in Russia there has been an increase in industrial production.
In June, the indicator grew by 1.7%.
Slowing down the foreign trade turnover slows down from -32.8% in January 2016 to -20.7% in May.
Positive dynamics is also demonstrated by the situation on the labor market, where the unemployment rate fell to 5.4%.
Below it was only in September 2015 (5.2%).
Despite the favorable situation in the labor market, the question of the real disposable income of the population leaves much to be desired.
In annual terms, the indicator is reduced by 4.8%.
This factor can hamper economic recovery, as household expenditures make a significant contribution to GDP.
As a rule, in the structure of the economy, their share exceeds 50%.
In addition to low consumer activity, the rigid policy of the Bank of Russia can also be cited as a risk factor for economic growth.
The regulator holds the rate at 10.5%, which is not the best way to affect the real sector.
A negative factor is the insufficiently high level of investment, which hampers the development of industrial potential.
But in general, we can assume that by the end of the year the rate of decline in the Russian economy will slow to -0.5% from -3.7% in 2015, "says Irina Rogova, an analyst at the Forex Club.
The process of naturalization of athletes, recently launched in Russian football and well established in winter sports at the Sochi Olympics, is not yet actively developed in summer sports.
If in the Olympic Games in Rio for Russia and act former foreigners, in most cases it is about the natives of countries - the former Soviet republics.
But in Rio de Janeiro, we can observe the reverse process - a fairly large number of Russians act under the flags of other states.
In each case, the history of the change of citizenship is different.
Someone's parents were taken to another country as a child, leaving no choice.
Someone could not stand the competition for a place in the Russian team.
And some people thought that better conditions for development in sport would be created abroad.
"AIF.ru" found at least 16 athletes who decided to change their Russian citizenship.
In the German passport of the 27-year-old girl it is written that her name is Lisa Ryzhikh.
But earlier it was, of course, Elizabeth.
She was born in 1988 in the city of Omsk.
In just four years, as soon as the Soviet Union collapsed, Lisa's parents decided to emigrate to Germany.
The girl had no choice.
There she decided to follow in the footsteps of her older sister - to do athletics.
Like her sister, Lisa chose pole vaulting.
Staying in Russia, she could hardly "move the throne" Elena Isinbayeva.
Unfortunately, at the Olympics in Rio, Lisa will be our only fellow countryman, albeit a former, in the sector for pole vaulting.
Her best achievements in this sport are the bronze of the 2010 European Championship and the silver of the continental championship in 2016, which she won again in the absence of Elena Isinbayeva.
29-year-old Elena Pirozhkova was born in Novokuznetsk in 1986.
Her parents are religious propagandists of the evangelical direction.
In many ways, because of their faith, they left for the US when the girl was only three years old.
In addition to Helen, the family grew eight more children.
They all lived in a small town in Greenfield, Massachusetts.
Lena began to get involved in wrestling in school.
Featuring good results, she moved to the city of Colorado Springs, where the US Training Center continued her studies under the leadership of another former Russian Vladislav Izboynikov.
At the 2012 London Olympics, Elena lost in her first fight.
But at the World Championships in the same year - a victory.
Before that, by the way, she managed to win silver at the 2010 World Championship.
After that, there were bronze in 2013 and silver in 2014.
26-year-old Maria was born in the city of Yaroslavl, where for the first time she got acquainted with synchronized swimming.
But to say that she was brought up by our coaches in Russia would be wrong.
Soon, the girl's family decided to emigrate to the US and settle in the city of Colorado.
There Maria continued her studies.
Soon she was already a member of the US team and showed excellent results in the Pan-American Games.
It is clear that at a serious international level it can not compete with Russian synchronists, but for America its performance is a ceiling.
A new name that sounds strange in Russian, Christina Shaldybina received at 11 when her parents decided to continue teaching the girl to rhythmic gymnastics overseas.
Up to this point, the girl was engaged in a favorite sport in her native Yaroslavl.
Having emigrated to the USA, she quickly joined the junior national team of this country, and later broke into the main national team.
At the Pan-American Games, 19-year-old Kristen won gold and silver.
For the first positions on the world stage, of course, she did not have to fight, but for the USA she organized a real breakthrough - she brought the star-striped team to the Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro.
Another of our former "artist" is Yana Berezko-Marggrander, who is in favor of the German national team.
Yana was born in Togliatti.
In 2008, when the girl was 13 years old, the family decided to move to Germany - where the girl had more prospects to get into the national team.
Soon she already represented her country at the 2012 London Olympics.
There, however, Yana was able to take only 17 place, not enough to get into the final competitions in the personal championship.
But two years before that, she managed to win the bronze medal of the Olympic Games - juniors.
Another gymnast, only this time sports - Irina Sazonova.
If the ways of emigration of the above-mentioned athletes can be called standard, the choice of Irina's family is very unusual - Iceland.
Ira is a pupil of the Volgograd sports school.
Naturally, in Iceland she immediately became the champion of the country.
True, Irina is still training in Russia - she specially comes to her homeland not to lose her skill.
In Rio, she did not perform as well as she would like.
The best place is 40 in personal all-around.
Information about the swimmer Maria Ugolkova in the Russian information space is extremely small.
For a very long time, Maria lives and trains in Switzerland.
However, for a long time she acted under the Russian flag, showing good results - there was even a country record at a distance of 200 meters butterfly.
In 2015 she received Swiss citizenship and began to perform under the red-and-white flag.
In Rio, her best performance is the 14th place in the 4 × 100 relay race.
To get into the games, the girl launched a crowdaming project, thanks to which she was able to collect about 6,000 francs, which allowed her to pay for the preparation for the Olympics.
The 31-year-old freestyle wrestler Adam Batirov practically spent his entire career under the Russian flag.
During this time the native of Khasavyurt managed to become a three-time winner of the European Championships, the champion of Russia, the master of sports of Russia of international class.
When he stopped getting into our national team, it's time to think about changing citizenship.
For several years, the talented wrestler disappeared from sports platforms.
The triumphant return took place at the Asian championship in 2016 - Batirov already represented Bahrain, for which he won a gold medal and got a ticket to the Olympics in Rio.
About another ex-Russian, Mikhail Kudinov, in his homeland is known even less than even about the Swiss swimmer Maria Ugolkov.
The fact is that his parents emigrated from Vladivostok to New Zealand, when the boy was very young.
It was there that Mikhail began to practice gymnastics.
He did not achieve great success at the international level.
In Rio, his best result was the 40th place in the qualification on parallel bars.
But for New Zealand, even getting into the Olympic Games in gymnastics is a breakthrough.
When Nastya, born in Moscow in 1985, was only 9 years old, her family emigrated to Israel.
There, the girl continued her synchronized swimming classes, showing high results at the national level.
In 2014, at the European Championships in Berlin, the girl took the 6th place in synchronized swimming.
In the duet with Eugene Tetelbaum, Anastasia took eighth place.
In the solo program she was fifth.
Like Anastasia, 23-year-old Dmitri Kreutter speaks for the Israeli national team.
When the boy was only 6 years old, his mother decided to repatriate to Israel.
In 2009, at 17, Dmitri has already become the champion of the country.
In the same year he won the Youth World Championship.
A year later, Kreuter wins the gold of the youth Olympic Games in Singapore.
In addition to jumps in height, Dmitry is engaged in long jump and triple jump.
31-year-old Albert - another native of Khasavyurt, who after long speeches for Russia decided to change his sports citizenship.
However, unlike Batirov, Albert chose Romania, which he will represent in Rio.
In Russia, he was in favor of the School of Higher Sports Skill of Krasnoyarsk, in 2011 even becoming the champion of the country.
28-year-old Oleg Antonov was born in Moscow in the family of the USSR national volleyball player Yaroslav Antonov.
Just a year before the birth of his son Yaroslav was recognized as the best volleyball player of the planet.
Soon he decided to continue his career in Italy.
In the same place, the family stayed on permanent residence.
In 2015, as part of the national team, he became a bronze medalist at the European Championships held on the territory of his new homeland.
Hajiyev was born in Chechnya in 1994 and was with his family in the midst of the war.
Ten years later, the parents decided to emigrate.
The original goal was Norway, but it was not possible to get to this northern country - it was necessary to go to France, to Nice.
There Zelimkhan continued to study free-style wrestling.
Soon he won the world championship among juniors, and later qualified for participation in the Olympic Games.
In Rio, he will be the only representative of France in the wrestling tournament.
And again a free fight, and again a former Russian.
This time we will talk about a native of North Ossetia, who emigrated to Spain - about Taymuraz Friyev.
At the end of December 2012, he was granted Spanish citizenship, and currently he is in favor of the national team of this country.
Before that, however, the 30-year-old athlete managed to celebrate high results in Russia.
He became the bronze medalist of the national championships in 2007 and 2008.
Tired of failures in the team, Taimuraz decided to change sports citizenship.
The last in our list is a Chechen boxer, born in 1995 in the capital of Dagestan, Makhachkala, - Artur Biyarslanov.
When the boy was ten years old, the parents took the family across Azerbaijan to Canada.
There Arthur, on the advice of his older brother, began boxing.
Since then, Arthur has become the champion of Canada three times, and in 2012 he became the world champion among the youth.
In 2015, Biyarslanov won the gold of the Pan-American Games, the first for his new homeland since 1975.
The head of the presidential administration Anton Vaino.
On Friday, August 12, Vladimir Putin appointed Anton Vaino head of the Russian presidential administration.
Earlier this post was occupied by Sergey Ivanov.
"The head of state, through his decree, appointed Anton Vaino as the head of the presidential administration of the Russian Federation, releasing him from his post," the decree signed by Putin and published on the Kremlin website says.
Since May 2012, Vaino was deputy head of the presidential administration.
Anton Eduardovich Vaino was born on February 17, 1972 in Tallinn.
Father - Eduard Vaino, Chairman of the Business Council of Cuba-Russia in the Chamber of Commerce and Industry of the Russian Federation and Vice-President for External Relations and Cooperation with Shareholders of AvtoVAZ.
Grandfather - Karl Vaino - from1978 to 1988 the first secretary of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of Estonia.
In 1996 he graduated from the Moscow State Institute of International Relations of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Russia, Faculty of International Relations.
From 1996 to 2001 he worked in the Russian Embassy in Japan, then in the Second Asia Department of the Russian Foreign Ministry.
From 2002 to 2004, he held various positions in the Office of the President of the Russian Federation.
From 2004 to 2007 he was deputy head of the Protocol and Organizational Department of the President of the Russian Federation.
From 2007 to 2007 - First Deputy Head of Protocol of the President of the Russian Federation.
From October 2007 to April 2008 - Deputy Head of the Government of the Russian Federation.
On April 25, 2008 he was appointed the head of the protocol of the Chairman of the Government of the Russian Federation, Deputy Head of the Staff of the Government of the Russian Federation.
Since December 27, 2011 - Minister of the Russian Federation - Head of the Government Office of the Russian Federation.
On May 22, 2012 he was appointed deputy head of the presidential administration.
Fluent in English and Japanese.
Actual state adviser of the Russian Federation of 1 class (class rank awarded by the Presidential Decree of January 22, 2008)
Honorary Diploma of the President of the Russian Federation (February 16, 2012) for his services in supporting the activities of the government of the Russian Federation and for many years of conscientious work.
Gratitude from the President of the Russian Federation (November 24, 2005) for his services in the preparation and holding of ceremonial events dedicated to the 60th anniversary of the Victory in the Great Patriotic War.
He is married and has a son.
Why do children need Cossack classes in schools?
According to Governor V. Kondratyev, "Cossacks need to be educated not by actions and parades, but systematically."
They must grow and at least from the age of 7 understand that they are Cossacks and education should be Cossack.
But while this work, it seems to me, is being conducted formally and, I suspect, more on paper.
If the Cossack classes absorb all the positive things that have been accumulated earlier, at a qualitatively new level, I will be happy.
If all in a hurry and do not know how, the new idea will turn into cheap populism.
Housing and communal services continues to be one of the most criminal sectors of the country's economy.
There are encroachments on the funds allocated for the needs of the communal sphere from budgets of different levels.
According to the Prosecutor General's Office, inflated tariffs are one of the most common crimes in the housing and communal services sector.
As a result, the region's consumers have overpaid to power engineers more than 170 million rubles.
One of these days and the Prosecutor's Office of the Krasnodar Territory revealed the facts of including unreasonable costs in the tariffs.
And in the expenses of OOO IV-consulting (supplies cold water), 4 million rubles were pledged for renting cars at a price higher than the market price.
And there are a lot of such examples in the country.
The people give the last money for "communal", and pays regularly - according to the RF Ministry of Construction, the average collection of payments from the population is 94%.
He is accused of several articles of the Criminal Code: embezzlement, legalization of proceeds from crime, abuse of authority, etc.
According to investigators, as the head of the fund, which was engaged in the repair of urban facilities, Makarov entered into contracts with entrepreneurs, work on them was not actually carried out, but paid.
Businessmen simply returned most of the money to him.
And as the owner of the Criminal Code, Makarov collected money from the population, but the service providers did not pay and spent them for their own needs.
As a result, damage to the budget and residents is millions of rubles.
Allegedly, the schema of Makarov's machinations is typical for Russia.
A whole wave of arrests and detentions of the leaders of the Criminal Code, which appropriated the citizens' money, swept through the country.
In Kamchatka, the trial of A. Kohan, by the way, also a former deputy of the city council, who is accused of fraud for 91.7 million rubles.
According to the investigation, in 2012-2013 in Elizovo in the Kamchatka Territory he established 6 management companies and created 3 limited liability companies.
One of them performed contract work for UK, the other two played the role of cash settlement centers, that is, they accepted money from the population.
However, A.Kohan did not list the power engineers, but spent money on himself, his beloved.
Judging in the sphere of housing and communal services is quite difficult.
Cases are not excited, prolonged.
And the extremely complicated housing legislation "helps" in this, - Svetlana Razvorotneva, executive director of NP "Housing and Communal Services", believes.
We do not have time to earn one law, as we come up with a new one, which should make the previous one work.
Experts, including judges, on housing and communal services are also few.
Lawyers themselves admit that very little attention is paid to housing law in universities.
On the refusals to initiate criminal cases, about the red tape in the course of investigations, they say in the Prosecutor General's Office.
Out of the 3.5 thousand crimes that are underway in 2015, less than half are directed to the court.
For the rest, the investigation was protracted, and one in five was suspended due to the failure of the accused person to be identified.
Often shortcomings in the activities of law enforcement agencies are written off by them for gaps in the current legislation.
There is a law, but the bodies of inquiry do not hurry to initiate and investigate such cases.
In the second half of 2015 there were about 230 reports of fakes - only 60 criminal cases were opened.
For 5 months of this year, their number has increased only slightly - 99.
And what is the falsification of the protocol of the meeting of tenants?
This means: changing the management of the house, financial and other issues go around the opinion of the owners.
And it means that normal companies can not break into the market of housing and communal services, who want to work honestly, and not "milk" the population.
It turns out, tenants in the red, small and medium businesses, too.
First of all, through the eradication of corruption as such in the whole state, "said Anton Zharkov, a member of the State Duma Committee on Property.
And now this work is being actively pursued.
This is not just a single action - it's a purposeful course to fight corruption.
Of course, not all regions have such a sad situation.
In particular, the scandal in the capital and does not smell.
Why in Moscow there are no such scandals in the sphere of housing and communal services, as in many other regions?
Yes, because the metropolitan government showed an iron will and put things in order, "Anatoly Vyborny, a member of the State Duma's Committee on Security and Anti-Corruption, told AIF.
I have in mind both the personnel question, and legislative amendments, and legal education.
Management companies are closely monitored, and they all went through licensing.
Complaints of citizens are quickly resolved in the public space (and the appeals of residents, and response measures are posted on the portal of the government of Moscow).
Many do not just pay monthly receipts, but closely monitor what is written there, how the house is contained.
Awareness among the population about the rights of owners and the obligations of resource-supplying and managing organizations is very high.
Plus, Moscow is testing the validity of tariffs for housing and communal services - in fact a large part of budgetary funds goes to subsidies and benefits for numerous categories of the population.
Probably all this together and explains the calm situation in Moscow.
Does it all come down to the will of the regional authorities?
Maybe it's worthless to change your place of work?
Turkish gambit.
Can Erdogan renounce friendship with the EU and the US?
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan put forward an ultimatum to the US suggesting a choice between Turkey and Fethullah Gülen, an Islamic preacher accused of organizing a coup d'état.
He stated this, speaking to his supporters in Ankara.
Erdogan called on the Americans to give up support for the "terrorist organization of fethullahists."
This is not the first statement from Turkey, in which the US is calling to change its position.
Experts believe that the split in relations between Turkey and the West is increasingly growing and may lead to a new attempt to change power in the country.
"Sooner or later, America will make a choice between Turkey and FETO (" Terrorist organization of fethullahists ").
Either the organizing coups of FETO, or the democratic Turkey.
She must make this choice, "Erdogan's statement quoted by the Anatolian agency, sounded on Wednesday night in Ankara.
The President of Turkey once again, but more rigidly, demanded that the US fulfill its demand, voiced to them for the first time immediately after the suppression of the mutiny.
Recall that on the night of July 16 in Turkey, senior representatives of the Turkish army made an attempt to overthrow the legitimate authorities in the country, as well as an attempt on the life of the head of state.
However, after Recep Erdogan addressed the population, the mutiny was suppressed, and its organizers and participants were arrested.
In total, about 8 thousand people fell into suspicion, among whom, in addition to the military, there were teachers and scientists.
According to Recep Erdogan, their mentor was Fethullah Gülen, who lives in the state of Pennsylvania in the United States.
Erdoğan's supporters also admitted that Americans could be implicated in the state coup.
The United States refuted all claims to its address, refusing to extradite Gülen and advised to change the tone.
The last statement of the State Department representatives on this matter was made at the time of Erdogan's visit to St. Petersburg on Tuesday.
However, this does not stop the President of Turkey - he persistently insists on his own and also puts forward demands on his other Western partners.
"Ankara will cease to fulfill its obligations under a migration agreement with the European Union if Brussels does not name the date for the abolition of visa restrictions for Turkish citizens," Turkish Foreign Minister Omer Celik said on August 9.
According to him, Ankara's amendment of the antiterrorist law, as required by the EU, would jeopardize Europe's own security.
Note that on August 1, Vice-Chancellor of Germany Sigmar Gabriel demanded from Turkey to stop the blackmail of the European Union by promising to open borders for migrants in order to facilitate the visa regime with the EU.
His words became the answer to the corresponding statement of Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu.
Another provocative statement was made by Chavushoglu last Wednesday, assuming that Turkey can withdraw from NATO.
The head of the Turkish Foreign Ministry did not rule out that the country will consider the possibility of withdrawing from the alliance if it does not meet with the expected support.
The decision to increase cooperation with Russia in the defense sphere is not a step against NATO.
There are NATO countries cooperating with foreign states in the defense sphere - they are importing missiles, "Cavusoglu said in an interview with Anadolu.
According to him, Turkey now needs to create its own defense system based on its technologies, as well as to cooperate with other countries.
"Until now, Turkey has tried to cooperate with NATO member countries, but the results did not satisfy us, and we began to look for others," the minister said.
Experts believe that all this indicates a serious disagreement between Turkey and the West and a reorientation of the country to the East.
The head of the International Institute of Political Expertise Yevgeny Minchenko believes that Recep Erdogan is currently playing his game and can not go on a tough confrontation with the West.
He is very much tied to the West from the point of view of business, and from the point of view of the military (Turkey is a member of NATO), so I think that Erdogan will try to balance, maintaining a framework relationship with the West.
Although, of course, it would be more convenient for Americans to see at this post a completely obedient person, "the expert explained.
According to him, it is possible that after the statements of the Turkish leader (about the non-payment of EU compensation, the demand for visa-free space with Europe and the issuance of Gulen from the US), he will be pressured.
"Recep Erdogan will face the deterioration of relations with both America and the European Union, and they will pressure him precisely on humanitarian issues, dictatorial methods of governing the country, and so on," Minchenko said.
Head of the Center for Political Information Alexei Mukhin admits that the Turkish president will change his point of view in relations with Russia as soon as it becomes profitable for him.
Eight months ago, Erdogan was extremely tough on Russia and in every way sought favor in the West.
In a very short time, the situation changed to the opposite.
Guarantees that after some time the President of Turkey will not change his priorities again, no.
I think that Erdogan entered the period of shuttle diplomacy.
Once between the two poles - the West and Russia, he will try to get the maximum benefit for himself, "Mukhin said.
In his opinion, the main task for the president of Turkey today is to keep political power in the country, and for this he needs Russia and partner relations with Vladimir Putin, so that the US will not support Gulen.
Turkey needs both the EU and the US, which with its help control the situation in Syria and the Middle East.
Therefore, a consensus with Turkey will be achieved, "the expert believes.
Another point of view is held by the head of the Center for Asia and the Middle East, Anna Glazova.
Now Turkey's relations with both the EU and the US are quite tense, and this is due primarily to the internal policy pursued personally by Erdogan.
I think that this crisis in relations will worsen, and against the backdrop of this crisis, the Turkish leadership will try to reset the policy both in the Middle East and in relations with Russia.
It is no coincidence that the Turkish president and a number of Turkish politicians declare that they are ready to change their position on a number of issues on Syria, regulate relations with Israel, and have an active political interaction with Iran, "Glazova said, admitting that Erdogan's next step will be the normalization of relations with Egypt.
According to her, the policy pursued by Erdogan is a return to the course of the foreign policy concept, which Turkey followed before the beginning of the Arab revolutions.
"It was then that on the" zero problems with neighbors "positions, Turkey began to actively develop its relations with the Middle East and the Asian region.
Very successful visits of the President of Turkey to Russia and the countries of Africa have now taken place.
Therefore, this vector of foreign policy will develop and contribute to strengthening Turkey's positions both on the regional and international arena, "the expert believes.
Glazova believes that it will be incredibly difficult to return Turkey to the former relations with the EU, now the question is rather whether the EU will start to respond toughly to Turkey, which can go on opening the borders for migrants and thereby create serious problems for Europe.
Strike of junior doctors: Calls for new collective protests
Representatives of junior doctors asked the union to authorize new collective protests in their dispute over a new employment contract.
The JDC Committee of the British Medical Association (BMA) is going to ask for its full advice to support more collective protests from early September.
JDC says the ministers failed to answer questions about the employment contract.
Junior physicians and medical students in July voted for the cancellation of the contract of employment, agreed with the BMA.
It was rejected by 58% of its members who participated in the secret ballot.
In a letter to members posted on Twitter on Thursday evening, JDC chairman Ellen McCourt said the government continued to "stubbornly remain silent" about problems that, she said, led to the rejection of the employment contract.
She said: "Given the current situation, the head of JDC voted to reject the proposed new labor contract in full and called for formal re-negotiations on all your issues."
In response to the silence of the government, the head of JDC today made an official request for an extraordinary meeting of the BMA Council to approve an ongoing program of expanding collective protests, beginning in early September.
The dispute led to the fact that young doctors took part in six strikes this year, including the first general strikes in the history of the State Health Service.
The leader of the BMA junior doctors, Dr. Joan Malavana, resigned after voting for the abrogation of the agreed terms of the employment contract, which BMA recommended.
He told the BMA members that the deal was good, which should be accepted, during the meetings on the eve of voting, 54,000 junior doctors and medical students.
After the vote, Health Minister Jeremy Hunt said that this employment contract will be used for medical workers in England.
Russia and Turkey: "Alliance of the Bad"?
It was a gesture that ended the crisis.
The leaders of Russia and Turkey met on Tuesday to shake hands and announce the official end of the eight-month war of words and economic sanctions.
But when Vladimir Putin greeted his Turkish counterpart in the gilded hall of the palace in St. Petersburg, I had a lasting impression that Ankara wants this reconciliation more.
There was a handshake, yes.
But Mr. Putin's smile looked strained, and he hardly radiated heat even at his own discreet standards.
Recep Tayyip Erdogan, in contrast, spoke repeatedly about his "dear friend" to Mr. Putin - five times, according to one report.
I lost count.
He also promised that relations with Russia would return not only to their pre-crisis level, but even higher.
The next day, one newspaper described the actions of Mr. Erdogan as if nothing bad had ever happened.
In my opinion, his enthusiasm suggested otherwise.
But the drawn-out coolness coming from Mr Putin showed that the Russian leader had not forgotten anything.
In fact, the cause of the crisis was the first, which he mentioned in the opening comments: Turkey shot down a Russian fighter on the Syrian border.
The reaction of Moscow at that moment was frantic.
Mr. Putin broke out in an angry tirade, accusing Ankara of Moscow's blow in the back.
The insult was even stronger, based on the alleged friend.
Restoring real trust will be difficult, probably impossible.
Russian public opinion has also changed since November.
Over the course of the months, state-controlled media carried out a staggering, all-out assault on Ankara.
Suddenly it seemed that the Turks should be guilty of everything.
The most serious were accusations from senior officials that Mr. Erdogan's own family made money on illegal oil trade from Syria controlled by the so-called Islamic State.
He denied it decisively.
But there was an official signal in St. Petersburg that it was time to move on.
In the end, this meeting occurred only because Mr Putin received an apology that he demanded from President Erdogan.
Russia could claim victory of its kind.
For Ankara, the benefits of declaring an armistice are clear.
First and foremost, Erdogan needs all the friends he can get, after he was almost deposed from his post last month in an attempted coup.
Repeated terrorist attacks on Turkey clearly shocked him, too.
There is also an economic reason.
Russian sanctions have been badly hit - especially the ban on charter flights, which usually bring several million Russian tourists to the Turkish coast annually.
The amount fell sharply by almost 90%.
As for Russia, tour operators and charter companies here, of course, will feel relief when flights finally resume.
They put on the peak of the end of the season on the Mediterranean.
And even this week, state television predicted cheaper fruits and vegetables as soon as Turkish imports of agricultural products were allowed again.
"Tourists go there, tomatoes back here," as it was said in a report in the newspaper Vedomosti.
But the visit also had additional political value for Moscow.
Ankara is angry with the West for what it considers a weak response to the coup attempt.
Add to this her prolonged discontent with the snoring pace of talking about joining the EU and the step of Mr. Putin - who is trying to take advantage of the coolness and gradually destroy the Turkish ties with the West.
The Russian leader, of course, won bonus points with Ankara for calling for support of elected authorities after the coup attempt.
Keep in mind, this is a given for Moscow, which has its own deeply rooted fear of regime change.
So, the summit in this brilliant palace on the sea coast allowed Russia and Turkey to present what one analyst described to me as an "alliance of the bad": two countries that feel rejected and humiliated by the West unite forces.
Yet, despite the public display of reconciliation, the two still have significant differences.
The key is Syria, where Moscow has recently positioned itself as a peacemaker, but where Russia and Turkey support the opposite sides.
Perhaps, it speaks for itself that after almost three hours of initial negotiations, while the two presidents gave a press conference, they did not even touch upon this topic.
The Turkish president deliberately avoided answering the question of their differences, while Mr Putin preferred to accentuate them.
There is no clear agreement on how they can find a common language in Syria.
But after months of open hostility - and taking into account the possibility of a total catastrophe, when NATO member Turkey shot down a Russian jet fighter - it's certainly better that the two leaders at least talk again.
The Royal Bank of Scotland will disappear for customers outside of Scotland
The RBS brand should be reduced to the role of the back office, according to the bank's executive director.
The Royal Bank of Scotland will disappear for customers outside of Scotland.
Ross McEwan told the BBC of Scotland that the RBS brand was associated with the bank's global ambitions.
The bank has retreated from them since it almost collapsed eight years ago and it had to be saved.
During this period, brand strategists used "RBS" to protect other brands of consumer lending.
He was supported by millions of pounds of sponsorship to international sports, from the Six Nations Cup in rugby to the Wimbledon champion Andy Murray.
But now it was decided that it would be right to allow more national brands to come to the fore.
The Royal Bank of Scotland will be used with Scottish customers, but will not be launched.
In England and Wales, all references to RBS, including the external head office and the stock exchange, will be changed to NatWest.
The Ulster Bank brand is already used for customers in the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland.
There are other, smaller brands for private banking that will get more influence - Coutts, Adam & Co, Drummond and Holt's Military Bank.
Mr. McEwan interviewed during a tour of clients and employees in Invernesshire.
He told the BBC of Scotland: "The RBS brand will eventually become our investment brand and the one in which our staff will be employed, because we are now becoming a brand bank more."
Since the bank itself became a global brand, RBS has become a global brand.
I now say that we no longer have global aspirations, we have local aspirations.
Each of these brands will represent something completely different in their population groups, and our staff will work with customers under these brands.
RBS has already stated that it will not be to continue its sponsorship of the Six Nations Cup, and it is building up a profile of various brands in sponsoring sports.
"It's a good time for us to move the brand bank, because at the core (we asked ourselves), how do we focus on improving the bank for customers?" Said the CEO.
It would be very cynical three years ago if we said that we are going to be a wonderful bank for clients and would close all these brands.
But with the work that we did, focusing on the needs of customers, not on our own, I think you see a lot of changes.
We can return these brands again, so I think the time is right.
Frankie Dettori reaches 3,000 winners with a victory in Newmarket on Lust
Dettori sprinkles champagne after the take in Newmarket leads him to 3,000 wins
Jockey Frankie Dettori achieved his 3000th British victory at Newmarket on Friday.
He came to this outstanding mark with the help of his second winner of the night on his homeward track - on Addiction, trained by John Gosden.
The 45-year-old Italian is the sixth jockey who reached this outstanding mark in smooth races.
He follows Sir Gordon Richards, Doug Smith, Lestor Piggott, Pat Iddery and Willie Carson.
Three-time champion jockey Dettori, who previously won on Ghayyar, said: "This is something special."
I'm very excited, because my family is also here
I am very glad that this happened in Newmarket, since it was here that I settled 30 years ago.
This is not a big social event, it's not the Royal Ascot - it's an ordinary Friday evening with 20,000 people.
I am free from business and very unpretentious.
Dettori accepts applause when leads Predisposition after victory
Two jockeys reached such a mark in the hurdles: champion jockey Richard Johnson and retired 20-time champion Sir Anthony McCoy, who had more than 4,300 victories for a record career.
Lester Piggott, nine-time winner of the Derby, 4493 career victories
Frankie is one of the best jockeys of the modern era and it's no surprise that he reached this mark, which so few reached before him.
He is stylish and strong, but it is his tactical wit that distinguishes him from others in the weight room.
He is a great representative for racing, his enthusiasm and charisma attracted fans in this sport for years.
I told Frankie a few weeks ago in Epsom, he would have brought 6000 winners if he had not been just a jockey of weekends and big races!
But seriously, Frankie led the winners in the UK for most of 30 years, which is great to see.
He's an energetic character, which is good for British races, but more than that, he's an incredible jockey.
Frankie Dettori celebrated this outstanding mark with a brand new swift jump off the horse
From swift finishes to swift jumps, Frankie Dettori is a symbol of British smooth racing for two decades.
These were ups and downs.
Many winners of the big races, including his famous "Magnificent Seven" in Ascot in 1996, but he also survived the plane crash and was disqualified for doping.
Three years ago, he first encountered difficulties when he returned after a six-month suspension, but he showed great willpower to challenge the skeptics and return to form.
And he may not have finished for a while - Dettory previously said that he would like to continue to take part in the competitions, at least until the age of 50.
Putin dismisses the head of the administration of Sergei Ivanov
Russian President Vladimir Putin unexpectedly dismissed his chief of staff, Sergei Ivanov.
Ivanov was part of Putin's trusted inner circle for many years.
This 63-year-old has now been appointed representative for the environment and transport.
A statement from the Kremlin says that Putin "decided to release Ivanov from his duties as head of the Russian presidential administration," but did not name the reason.
Deputy Mr. Ivanov since 2012, Anton Vaino, was appointed his successor.
Mr. Vaino, 44, former diplomat.
Born in the Estonian capital Tallinn in 1972, he graduated from the prestigious Moscow State University of International Relations (MGIMO) and served in the Tokyo embassy.
Later he was the head of the protocol of the president and the government apparatus, the Kremlin website (in Russian) reports.
During the appointment, he told Putin: "Thank you for your trust."
I think the most important task of the administration is to support your activities as heads of state in terms of drafting laws and monitoring how your instructions are being implemented.
Putin told a Russian television station on Friday that Ivanov had asked to be released from his post and recommended that Vaino replace him.
Do smiles convince?
This is a move that puzzled Moscow.
Sergei Ivanov for a long time was one of the closest supporters of Vladimir Putin and, like him, served in the Soviet security service, the KGB.
As the head of the administration, he was one of the most powerful people in the country.
At a meeting with President Putin, which was shown on state television, both men said that the head of the administration had resigned at his own request.
But despite the smiles on the camera, this few people here convinced - especially right now, right before the parliamentary elections.
So, are these unforeseen consequences of some kind of power struggle?
Nobody knows yet.
But the official statement - that the man for whom he was once agitating as a potential president, suddenly wanted to manage Russian environmental policy - was met with great skepticism.
In Putin's remarks quoted on the Kremlin's website, Ivanov said: "It is true that in early 2012 I asked you to entrust me in this conversation with this very difficult post, even a problematic post, for four years.
Well, it turns out, I was the head of the presidential administration for four years and eight months.
Ivanov took office in December 2011.
Previously, he worked as Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Defense.
He is a member of the Russian Security Council and a former member of the State Security Service of the KGB, like Mr. Putin.
In the late 1990s, when Putin was the head of the Federal Security Service (FSB), which replaced the KGB, Ivanov was appointed his deputy.
When Putin came to power, he named Ivanov among the five people he most trusted.
It was once believed that Ivanov could become president of Russia after Putin's second term, as Putin's third term would contradict the constitution.
However, this post was taken by another close supporter of Putin, Dmitry Medvedev.
Putin became prime minister before returning to the presidency after just three and a half years.
Star of the series "Thinking like a criminal" Thomas Gibson fired after a fight with the producer
Gibson was a participant in the scuffle during the filming of the show in Los Angeles last month.
ABC Studios and CBS Television Studios, which produce serials, announced his dismissal in a joint statement.
Gibson, who played Special Agent Aaron Hotchner, apologized on Thursday, before the announcement of his removal was announced.
There were creative differences on the set and differences of opinion.
I regret that it happened, "he said in his statement.
Details on how the Gibson character will be struck from the show that follows the FBI agents team is expected to arrive later, according to ABC Studios and CBS Television Studios.
The 54-year-old actor, who previously starred in the sitcom Darma and Greg, was in the show from the first season in 2005.
"I like to" Think like a criminal "and have invested my heart and soul in him for the past twelve years," Gibson said in a statement published on Friday.
I hoped to be present in it to the end, but now it will be impossible.
I just want to thank the writers, producers, actors, our wonderful team, and, most importantly, the best fans that the show could only dream about.
It is planned that the show will return with its twelfth season on September 28.
Riddle: fish landed in the garden of Banff
The man from Banff asked for help in identifying the fish that appeared in his garden in Banff.
Kevin Bain believes that 75 fish could be gerbils left by a water whirlwind.
Bain, who lives 500 meters from the sea, laid out a picture of this spectacle in Periscope in the hope that someone could shed light on the appearance of two-inch fish.
Kingsferry Crossing: The bridge is now connected to Fife
The project at 1.35 billion pounds should now be completed by May 2017
Engineers connected the northern span and the Queensferry Crossing viaduct - which means that the bridge is now connected to Fife.
This is the first of four closures between the "fan of the canvas", which is now coming to an end near all three pylons of the bridge.
The section of the bridge from Fife is now 600 meters long and weighs 30,000 tons.
It has 10,000 tons of steel and 20,000 tons of concrete and 46 bridge cables.
The £ 1.35 billion project should now be completed by May 2017.
Economy Minister Keith Brown today visited the site and was among the first to walk from land to bridge.
He said: "This is a historic and symbolic moment in the construction of Queensferry Crossing.
We are all witnesses of engineering art truly epic in this project, where more than 30,000 tons of concrete and steel have been used only for the construction of this part of the bridge.
Despite the massive size and weight of the bridge, the completion of the closing between the viaduct and the bridge is a virtuoso operation using extremely accurate assembly tolerances.
In total, about 79% of the entire roadway is now in place, for the last section of the canvas a concrete covering is cast in Rosaithe today, which means that the entire canvas is ready to be lifted into place on the bridge.
Michael Martin, Forth Crossing Bridge Constructors project director, said: "The first closure on each bridge project is always a significant milestone.
In this stunning project, this closure is the most modern building art.
After installing the last section of the roadway and connecting it with the expanding roadway of the North Pylon, we then had to close the remaining gap on the north - or facing the shore - side.
This was done by pulling the viaduct of the northern approach 700 millimeters to the south.
It was a large-scale and at the same time very elegant operation.
Scale, because the viaduct is 222 meters long, weighs about 6,000 tons and should have been raised by an inclination angle of about 3%.
Graceful, because the tolerances the team worked on were tiny - just a few millimeters in each direction.
Fortunately, all this went very well.
Salvation in the Gulf of Mohelf: Three men 'lucky to stay alive'
Three men were 'lucky to stay alive' after they were thrown from a fishing boat in Anglesey.
Rescue station Moelfre RNLI raised the alarm at 13:20 on the British summer time on Friday, after the team saw the incident unfolding in the Gulf of Moelfre.
Three men struggled to swim to a safe place, while their ship continued to go on its own.
"We saw how their ship circled next to them and assumed the worst," said Moelfre helmsman Vince Jones.
"Fortunately, by the time we descended into the water, a strong wind took him away from them," he added.
Two men were rescued with the help of a local fishing vessel, and the third man of 60 years was found to be exhausted and clinging to a buoy without a lifejacket.
All of them were brought aboard a coastal lifeboat and delivered to a rescue station
Jones said: "Three men, thrown into the water, were lucky to be alive and completely unharmed.
The boat's engine had an emergency breaker, but it somehow disengaged from the man who ran the boat when it overturned.
Someone was protecting these guys today.
Pokémon Go, a worthy hunt for health and happiness
It's fascinating to watch the world change.
The fact that teenagers and children no longer go out to play, preferring to spend their free time looking at screens, has been a complaint of many over the past decade.
Pokemon Go tears people off the couch and involves some physical activity.
Time in the screen was initially limited to the TV, then video games and more recently smartphones.
It's so great to see that technology and activity on the street are not mutually exclusive.
I, of course, mean the craze, which is Pokémon Go, an application based on the characters originally created for video games in the 1990s (later spawned a series of cartoons, playing cards and other offshoots).
Like many other pop culture phenomena, all this has lost its former relevance somewhat earlier than this new game became available in the US, Australia and New Zealand in early July.
The launch in other countries at that time was delayed due to the massive response that the servers overloaded.
In a few days Pokémon Go had more users than Tinder and almost as many as Twitter.
So how does it work?
In a nutshell, players with smartphones go looking for Pokemon, which are tracked by GPS and, being discovered, can be 'photographed' (via a screenshot on your phone) or 'caught'.
The generation who played the game, being younger, joined the craze, tearing herself away from the sofas for a search.
In the US, the game has led to a significant increase in the number of steps taken by an "ordinary" person daily.
Cardiogram, an application for Apple Watch that tracks 35,000 users, was recently informed by the Washington Post that within two days of launching the game, the number of people it tracked who performed 30-minute exercises daily jumped from 45 percent to 53 percent.
The company does not know who plays in the Pokémon Go, it simply sees the initial data on the passing levels.
Many public health campaigns that persuade people to "find 30 minutes", "get up off the couch" and "be active every day," have not found a response, because most health messages are boring and voiced by people who look unhappy.
Nevertheless, the importance of physical exercises can not be underestimated.
Those who exercise regularly, reduces the chances of developing cancer or depression.
Physical activity helps with weight correction, high blood pressure, diabetes and a long list of benefits, too long to be quoted here.
But the beauty of Pokémon Go is that she pulls people out onto the street to do what they love.
Thus, the three foundations of health are covered: movement, fresh air and sunlight and joy.
Some people even make new friends on the hunt.
As usual, there are boring bores who are looking for something to complain about.
And yes, someone can stumble upon the door.
So what?
The breakthrough came about.
After all, despite the fact that applications for smartphones, such as Fitbit could have previously tracked our physical activity, they did not give us a reason to practice, as this game does.
The novelty will nest, and use will weaken over time.
However, because of Pokemon's success, there will be more games that will integrate applications and virtual reality with physical activity in the real world, helping many people on the hunt to be more active, in good shape and healthy.
Read Dr. Joe's blogs at www.drjoetoday.com
Simone Biles wins the gold of the absolute championship in women's gymnastics
Forget the pressure.
Forget about the turmoil.
Simone Biles is immune to all this.
Dynamic on the base jump.
Relaxed on a log.
Stunning on the floor.
Stunning everywhere.
And now, at last, the Olympic champion.
The 19-year-old American gymnast rose to the title of champion in the absolute championship on Thursday, placing a gap between herself and the rest of the world on a convincing demonstration under close Olympic attention.
Her total score of 62.198 was at a sufficient distance from the silver medalist and teammate of the "Final Five" Eli Reisman and the Russian bronze medalist Aliya Mustafina.
Biles from the United States performs at the gymnastics beam during the final of the women's individual absolute championship in rhythmic gymnastics at the 2016 Summer Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, on Thursday.
Biles became the fourth consecutive American woman who won the championship title of the absolute championship and the fifth in general, consolidating her reputation as the best of her generation and, perhaps, at any time.
She burst into tears when she was shown her final total score and her long journey to this point was over.
This achievement puts her in the same league as the exceptionally rare athletes, such as Michael Phelps, who raised their sports to new heights:
Biles spent the last three years dominating her sport, winning 15 World Championship medals - including 10 golds - with such stunning programs in their mixture of hard work and precision that the 1984 Olympic champion Mary Lou Retton called her "the greatest gymnast I've ever seen."
One last test waited in Brazil, the competition is not so much between Biles and the rest in this area, as between her and the load of inflated expectations.
Anything less than going back to his family's home in Spring, Texas, with a handful of gold medals, would be treated as an unjustifiable wait.
Simone Biles from the United States, on the left, and Eli Risman embrace after winning gold and silver respectively in the final of the women's individual absolute absolute rhythmic gymnastics championship at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, Thursday, Aug. 11.
Biles earned the first gold on Tuesday, becoming a beautiful final chord for the farewell party of the outgoing coordinator of the national team, Marta Caroli.
While Biles insisted that she had never looked to the future during her long journey to the top, this is not entirely true.
Part of her freestyle exercise program - one that includes her signature passage - is set to Latin American music that would come right up at home on the street right outside the Rio Olympic Arena.
This is not a coincidence.
A girl adopted by her grandfather and grandmother, when she began to walk as a child and opened by the mother of coach Aimee Burman during her visit to the hall where Burman was a coach, became a force.
She has not lost a single competition in the absolute championship since the summer of 2013 - a band of luck that should last as long as Biles wants.
Despite the fact that Mustafina got a slight advantage with the help of two spins, it was a mirage.
Gymnastic logs and floor exercises - where Biles defends the title of world champion - lie in wait.
She again came forward with 15,433 on a log and finished with 15,933 on the floor.
Ryseman gently hugged her as they waited for the final score - a pure formality - and tears emerged around the shiny red and white eyeliner Biles, when the design she once recorded in the scrapbook came true.
Riesman's speech was a small revenge for what happened four years ago, when she shared third place, but lost the bronze of Mustafina on a tiebreak.
This time the 22-year-old captain of the team, which the Americans call "grandmother" was much ahead.
She sent kisses to the crowd after her free exercise swept by the return, which sometimes seemed questionable.
As for Biles, the viral tweet of the 19-year-old from the beginning of this week now has a completely new meaning:
Police: 3 victims in the serial killer case shot while listening to music in the car
Two women and a 12-year-old girl who died during the deadliest attack on the first serial killer of the Phoenix over the last decade, sat in the car, talked and listened to music when they were shot, according to police reports published on Thursday.
Angela Rochelle Liner, Stephanie R. Ellis and daughter Ellis, Malia, were shot on June 12 when their car was parked on the roadway, the authorities said.
The criminal made about eight shots from a pistol, standing on the passenger side of the car, then disappeared on another vehicle, according to the report.
Police say that the triple murder, apparently, is not the result of a robbery, since the attacker did not take wallets or $ 2,900, which were available to one of the adult victims.
A Phoenix police spokesman, Sergeant Jonathan Howard, said the shooting prompted investigators to check whether he was involved with the four previous attacks.
A total of seven people were killed and two others were wounded as a result of nine attacks in two predominantly Latin American areas within four months.
"This is happening in a residential area in front of the house," said Howard KPHO, a CBS affiliate, earlier this month.
The suspect is believed to have used several vehicles, including the brown Nissan of the late 1990s, the black BMW of the late 1990s and the white Cadillac or Lincoln.
The investigators refused to disclose the evidence that led them to conclude that the attacks are linked and committed by the same killer.
Ellis, 33, was hospitalized with injuries and later died.
Liner, 31, and daughter Ellis, Malia, died on the spot.
The witness told the police that it was not unusual that they were sitting in a parked car listening to music.
The authorities also published a police report on the bombardment, the purpose of which was an empty pick-up truck half an hour before the triple murder and which is believed to have been the work of a serial killer.
The investigators found the shells and removed the bullet from the seat and fragments of the bullet from the engine compartment.
The mother of a 6-year-old child with microcephaly: "It's getting better"
Like most six-year-olds, Edmund Pixeyto loves singing, toys and, of course, his mother.
But unlike most of his peers, Edmund has microcephaly - the result of a genetic disorder that his mom Elizabeth Pixywto did not know about during pregnancy.
When he first came home, my first thought was - I can not do it.
I can not do this.
I did not subscribe to this.
What, in fact, is not true - of course you subscribe to this, "she said.
She and her husband Vincente were told that Edmund might never know them and that he might not even survive.
Some doctors even offered to place him in a specialized medical institution.
"My first response was:" I did not think that people still do that ", - explained Pixyvto.
Edmund walks with a walker.
Edmund did not sit or crawl until he was three, and he still does not speak.
But it is slowly going through some stages.
He goes with help and rides a bicycle.
He also likes to play with his two brothers and singing.
Elizabeth shows the gesture that Edmund came up with for "please sing to me."
"We teach him the language of gestures," Cix News said.
But not just an ordinary sign language - she says that Edmund invented his own gestures.
Microcephaly can occur due to a number of different circumstances: genetic, such as in Edmund, infections during pregnancy from such viruses as measles and Zika.
Symptoms and prognosis may vary significantly.
It is still too early to talk about how this will affect the lives of those infected with the virus Zeka.
Pixyvto recalls emotional losses due to an uncertain future.
I kept saying what would happen?
What will happen?
And she still does not know.
I did not really ask for a life expectancy, because I do not expect that someone will really be able to tell me.
But Pixicut has an encouraging tip for mothers of children with birth defects due to Zick.
It's getting better.
You know that everything will become better for you.
You will love your child, and your child will love you.
Severe rain, flood cause rescue work in Louisiana, Mississippi
The heavy rain and large-scale flood in Louisiana forced the governor to declare a state of emergency on Friday, with even more rainfall expected to fall over the state until Saturday.
Numerous rivers in the southeast of Louisiana and southern Mississippi have emerged from the shores and threatened with large-scale flooding after extreme rainfall, the National Meteorological Service reported.
The Governor of Louisiana John Bell Edwards said that government officials are in constant contact with local authorities and help has already left for the affected parishes.
Mike Steele, representative of the Office of the Governor for National Security and Emergency Preparedness, said that requests for high-water transport, boats and sandbags were being received.
Steele said that only the arrival of Tandjipahoa asked for tens of thousands of bags of sand.
The danger of flooding remains in force until Saturday in most of the south of Louisiana.
The weather service said in a statement that an additional 3-5 inches could flood the area.
In southern Alabama, the duty in anticipation of the flood continued until Friday, as the rain continued to flow in the region of Mobile.
The Comit River near Baton Rouge and the Aimit River near Denham Springs, both in Louisiana, were projected to set a record for the flood level over the weekend.
Synoptic Alec Krautmann said that both rivers could flood many houses in suburban areas near Baton Rouge.
He also said that the flood going downstream in the Assenschen parish is a threat, as these swollen rivers will slowly flow into the Morpa lake.
The Tikfo River, just south of the Mississippi border in Liverpool, Louisiana, has reached the highest ever recorded at 9 am Friday morning.
Rescuers were still pulling people out of the floods in the districts of Amit and Wilkinson in the southwest of Mississippi.
Leroy Hansford, his wife and stepson were among the rescued early on Friday near Gloucester.
Hansford, 62, says that the waters of Beaver Creek, which are usually more than 400 feet from his house, quickly rose overnight.
He said that another stepson who lives nearby warned him.
"We woke up and the water continued to advance," Hansford said.
She reached the level of my belt.
His wife told Hansford that this is the biggest influx that she saw in 48 years that she lived here.
Hansford said that he and all members of his family have a disability, and he is the only one who can swim.
Hansford said that rescue workers rescued all three with an army truck and took them to a fire station in Gloucester, where they hid on Friday.
Krautmann says that the flood is "rapidly spreading", as the rains continue, noting that officials are considering an evacuation order.
Krautmann says that one observer near Livingstone reported a fall of 13.75 inches of rain from midnight to Friday morning.
Krautmann said that the soil was oversaturated with rainfall from the environment.
Heavy rain and flooding of streets led to work to save residents from homes in the Tandjipahoa parish and to cancel classes in five school districts, the authorities say.
WWL, a branch of CBS, reports that counselor Tanjipahoa told about 200 flooded houses.
Residents were evacuated to two churches, but they are both now flooded.
The chairman of the parish Robbie Miller said that the authorities rescued 72 people and seven domestic animals caught in high water.
The shelters were opened in the city of Aemit and the city of Hammond to receive those who were evacuated.
"They will have the opportunity to return home as soon as the water begins to recede," he said.
In the city of Hammond, the Tandjipahoa parish, about two dozen streets were closed due to high water levels, and sandbags were available for delivery to residents in the hope that they would keep water away from homes and businesses.
"The last major flood that we had was in March," said city manager Lacy Landrum.
It's on the way to becoming a similar event.
In Mississippi, Harrison County, the head of the Emergency Situations Service, Rupert Lacy, reported that the hard rain continued to flow to the Gulf Coast.
According to him, several houses were registered as flooded on Thursday, but none were registered on Friday.
Kate Towson, head of the store Shopper Value Foods in Aimee, has lived in the area for 40 years.
"I saw water in places where I had never seen it before," Towson said, "and it still pours to the ground."
Brown, Brown 6, "riddled with bullets," remains alive after the shootout in Philadelphia
Police say that they shot at a 6-year-old boy in Philadelphia, registering a second shooting at a 6-year-old in the city this week.
Grandmother and grandfather of the child identified him for CBS Philadelphia as Mahaj Brown.
Grandmother and grandfather say, Brown received numerous gunshot wounds, including his groin, leg, arm and stomach, but was conscious when he was transferred to the hospital.
"He got very badly, his small body was riddled with bullets," says his grandmother Delores Melendez station.
I just can not believe it.
The boy is listed in the hospital in a critical condition and has undergone several operations.
The family told the station that it is expected that he will recover.
He had to go to first grade at a local elementary school.
Brown was one of four people who were shot in the Germantown quarter.
Also shot in three men: two 29-year-olds and one 32-year-old.
It is reported that one of the 29-year-old men is in critical condition, the other two victims were recorded in a stable condition, according to CBS Philadelphia.
The child was found shot in the front seat of the car next to the 29-year-old in critical condition, reports the station.
Two other victims were not in the car, and the police are investigating whether any of the wounded men could have been shot.
Investigators report to the CBS of Philadelphia that, apparently, there was a gunfight between several armed men.
Sleeves from semi-automatic weapons, attributed to different instances of semi-automatic weapons, littered the scene.
It seems that it was definitely a long battle.
There were cartridges on the street, on both sides of the sidewalk.
Therefore, apparently, there were several armed fighters and they were actively involved in the shootout, "police station captain Philadelphia Anthony Ginaldi said.
Many houses and cars in this area were also affected.
No arrests have been made, and the police have reportedly been scanning video surveillance cameras.
Another 6-year-old child, a girl, was hit in the arm by a stray bullet Tuesday, when she played in front of her house in the West Oak Lane area.
It is being restored, and the police are still looking for a suspect.
Why we need Simon, Gabby and Lori
That's what I call the women's Olympic team for this year's gymnastics and for several reasons.
Firstly, I've been at every Summer Olympics since 1984, and the US has never been so dominant.
And the second: three gymnasts play a key role in this team: Simon Biles, Gabby Douglas and Lauren "Lori" Hernandez, who have already inspired so many non-white girls.
The composition of this team, supplemented by Eli Reisman, who is Jewish, and Madison Koshan, who is Catholic, makes everyone proud.
This team looks, at last, like America.
It also strengthened the black and Latino female presence at the top of this sport.
Over the past four years, the female gymnast number one was African American.
Last year, Simon and Gabby were number 1 and number 2.
It's powerful.
At the last Olympics, Gabby Douglas was an unexpected Olympic champion, and America greeted approvingly.
Now the world could witness the incredible performances of three-time World Champion Simon Biles, Douglas and Lori Hernandez, performing unexpected but nevertheless virtuosic gymnastic exercises.
On Thursday, Simone became the fourth American consecutive winner of gold in the women's individual absolute championship.
A colleague on the team, Eli Reisman earned silver.
We are witnessing the peak of this sport, but it does not look like this in the gymnastic sections across the country.
Simone, Gabby and Laurie all chose the same path as Eli and Madison to form the Olympic team.
They are the "final five", because the next Olympic gymnastics team will have only four gymnasts in the team, and this is the last year of Martha Caroli's coaching.
But in reality gymnastics is an expensive sport, and gymnasts first train in private gyms, supported with the help of parents, paying for the cost of training, equipment, travel, uniforms, fees for participating in competitions, payment for hotel services (for coaches and their gymnasts and families), and the list continues.
Most of these gymnastics clubs are located in the rich suburban areas that can support this business.
These clubs are where gymnasts get everything from their training, and this is an expensive and long-term duty for the families of gymnasts.
Aimee Burman, coach Simone Biles, and Maggie Honey, coach Lori Hernandez, both trained their athletes from the moment they started gymnastics.
We need to create more affordable and affordable gymnastics training for the communities of the myriad of young girls inspired by Simon, Gabby and Laurie.
I founded my gymnastics fund 20 years ago.
In my organizations, we have already provided free and inexpensive gymnastics classes located in Harlem for more than 15,000 urban youngsters (mostly blacks and Hispanics) and raised national and international champions.
In September, we will expand to Detroit (my hometown) to provide high-quality youth gymnastics, which deserves the opportunity to learn and benefit from this great Olympic sport.
Gymnastics develops strength, flexibility and coordination for the body, as well as resistance to exhausting work, discipline and perseverance for the mind.
This combination has a positive impact on the health, success in school and work throughout life.
It is the inspiration of this team that will send thousands of girls to do gymnastics, and that's fine.
Doing sports is so important, especially for girls.
Now such a wonderful time.
Thank you, Simone, Eli, Laurie, Gabby and Madison for this serious demonstration of the "Women's Power" in winning Team Olympic gold and for motivating so many girls of different backgrounds to be healthy, strong and successful young women.
The younger doctors undertook the announcement of further strikes after rejecting Jeremy Hunt's proposal
The ministers hoped to finalize the dispute about the changes, having agreed the amended agreement with the leaders of the British Medical Association, but 58 percent of the 37,000 young doctors who participated in the voting rejected it.
In July, Hunt announced plans to introduce the treaty, saying that the NHS was on "nobody's land" and any subsequent delay would damage personnel and patients.
The first junior doctors are transferred to a new contract, which includes changes in work activity at night and weekends to improve after-hours service.
Dr. Ellen McCoot, chairman of the committee of young doctors "BMA, said last night in a statement:" Junior doctors still have serious concerns about the proposed contract, in particular that it will feed up the existing labor crisis and that it can not be applied to all doctors fairly. "
There are only eight weeks left before the first group of doctors will be transferred to a new contract, progress is needed, and time is running out.
The WMA's attempt to resolve the dispute by negotiations was met with reluctance to take action and sometimes complete silence from the government.
And this despite Jeremy Hunt's promise last month that his door is always open.
"Jeremy Hunt needs to act now, inspire the introduction and respond to the fears of junior doctors.
If he does not, then the junior doctors are unambiguous in that they are ready to organize subsequent strikes.
The last strike at the end of April brought about a delay of about 13,000 planned operations and 100,000 nurses' receptions, while nurses and consultants were brought in to ensure the replacement of doctors in the picketing line.
The ministers hoped to end the dispute about the changes, having agreed the amended agreement with the leaders of the British Medical Association.
The WMA wants a better payment of the weekend for 54,000 junior doctors, who will fall under the treaty.
Daniel Mortimer, CEO of NHS Employers, called on junior doctors not to continue strikes.
Mortimer said: "Strikes reach little or nothing, but put pressure on already-running teams and services, and cause anxiety, physical pain and frustration for patients, carers and their families."
Over the past two months, we have talked with the Committee of Junior Physicians and in conjunction with the Department of Health and others, responded positively to their concerns regarding the role of guardians and corporate information policy.
The employees hoped that continued positive cooperation on other important topics such as staff distribution, training flexibility, additional training for those who returned after a career break, tuition fees, mutual recognition of the curriculum, academic leave and gender pay differences in medicine were a sign of how seriously employers, Health Education England and the Department of Health were meeting the conditions reached by the WMA in November, February and May.
A drug for £ 2 a day can reduce the risk of a heart attack
Thousands of patients with a heart attack are going to use the drug for £ 2 a day, after the authorities recommended giving it to more people and for a longer time.
An anticoagulant ticagrelor reduces the risk of repeated seizures for people with heart disease.
The drug is already prescribed for 12 months after a heart attack, reducing the risk of a stroke or a new attack.
The NICE Surveillance Service of the National Health Service of Great Britain advised to give it to people for four years to further exclude the risk of cardiovascular problems.
However, now the NICE Surveillance Service of the National Health Service of Great Britain advised to give it to people for four years to further exclude the risk of cardiovascular problems.
A heart attack occurs with about 140,000 people in England every year, and a quarter of them have another attack or stroke.
Heart attacks and strokes occur as a result of the accumulation of fatty material on the walls of the arteries and the formation of plaques.
If the plaque is torn apart, it can cause a thrombus blocking the access of blood to the heart and causing a heart attack.
And if the clot moves, he can move through the bloodstream and block blood flow to the brain, causing a stroke.
People who are already overtaken by one attack are at greater risk of getting another.
Tikagrelor, manufactured by the British company AstraZeneca and sold under the name Brilique, reduces the risk of making thrombi less likely.
The NICE draft instruction, published today, recommends that people be given 90 mg of ticagrelor for 12 months, then 60 mg with aspirin twice daily for the next three years.
Professor Carol Longson, director of the NICE Medical Technology Assessment Center, said: "Despite the availability of effective secondary prevention methods, with about a quarter of people who already had a heart attack, another heart attack or stroke occurs, often with devastating consequences."
Fear of repetition can have a significant negative impact on the quality of life of a person.
There is evidence that ticagrelor in combination with aspirin is effective in reducing the risk of subsequent heart attacks and strokes in people who have already suffered a heart attack.
Preliminary recommending ticagrelor, we are happy to have the opportunity to increase treatment options available to many thousands of people who are ready to use it.
Since information on the efficacy and safety of ticagrelor - especially the risk of bleeding - is limited after the expiration of three years, the draft instruction does not recommend treatment longer than this time.
The culture of PC ownership makes it possible to flourish in the falsification of vote counting in Muslim areas
The ex-mayor of the Tower Hamlets Lutfur Rahman was dismissed last year due to corruption, prompting the government report
The culture of political correctness led to the closing of the eyes, which turned out to be a widespread falsification of vote counting in Muslim communities, according to the government's disruptive report released today.
Former cabinet minister Sir Eric Pickles has been critical of the police, observers of the election process and the city administration for ignoring evidence of election irregularities due to "excessive sensitivity to race and religion."
The former secretary of the local communities, now the anti-corruption king, said that the intimidation of voters on religious grounds was so strong that the police should be allowed to put cordons outside polling stations to protect frightened voters.
He suggests that voters take ID cards to prove who they are when they vote.
At the moment, voters should only indicate their name and address.
The report even suggests putting indelible ink on people's fingers when they hand over their ballots, with the goal of eliminating that someone could vote twice.
It is necessary to provide better protection to whistleblowers, said Sir Eric.
He calls for greater access to the local council documents and decisions made by informal committees or working groups.
"This is done not only to protect ourselves from electoral fraud, but also to protect the local government from the more open culture of corruption and financial fraud going hand in hand with it," he said.
The report was ordered by Downing Street due to a scandal with voting in Tower Hamlets in East London.
Last year, a special court considering the issues of elections, ruled that the incumbent Mayor Luftour Rahman should have been dismissed from office due to a long list of corrupt and illegal activities.
The court found that Rahman "cynically distorted" the religious feelings of his Muslim community and silenced his critics, accusing them of racism and Islamophobia.
Rahman, as was said, "led his campaign, based on the fact that it was the duty of Muslim believers to vote for him."
Up to 300 voices aroused doubts or were the result of a character when a person votes, pretending to be someone else.
Sir Eric said there were evidence of fraud throughout the country.
He voiced special concerns about mail voting fraud, in which senior members of the Muslim community were reportedly pressured by people to vote for their chosen candidate.
Sir Eric, in the photo, made several recommendations on cleaning up the voting system, including the requirement to bring his identity card to prove who you are
His report says: "Evidence was provided of the pressure exerted on vulnerable members of certain ethnic minority communities, particularly women and young people, to vote by the will of the elders, especially in communities of Pakistani and Bangladeshi origin.
"There were fears that ... government agencies turned a blind eye to this behavior because of the excessive sensitivity of" political correctness "about ethnicity and religion."
Cheese Eric gave 50 recommendations for cleaning up the system, including removing political activists from working with postal ballots to stop "harvesting votes."
The report, under the consideration of Theresa May, also calls for tougher checks at the registration desk to prevent the use of the voter list for immigration fraud and privileges.
An option is considered to require voters to present an identity card before voting.
Use indelible ink on people's fingers as soon as they drop their newsletter to prevent someone from voting twice.
Conduct systematic checks on the nationality of people to make sure that they have the right to vote.
Introduce a three-year limit on applications for automatic postal voting.
Eliminate political campaigners and activists from working with filled-in absentee ballots and envelopes with postal voting.
Give the police authority to establish cordons around polling stations.
Amend the law to make it easier for people to be accused of intimidation according to the View of the People's Act of 1983
Make it illegal to take photos at polling stations.
Make it a requirement that only English be used at polling stations (with the exception of Wales).
Strengthen training to ensure that staff forces voters to go to the booth one at a time.
Sir Eric furiously attacks the city police, stating that it is "astonishing" that no criminal charges were brought against the Tower Hamlets case.
"The court, considering the issues of elections, disqualified Lutfur Rahman and his agent for a long list of corrupt and unlawful actions," he said.
He was found guilty in the absence of a reasonable doubt - a criminal standard of proof - for a number of reasons.
He also criticizes the futile "checks for the sake of a tick" of the electoral registration departments of city administrations.
Sir Eric stated: "Last year's court ruling in Tower Hamlets was a signal for revival.
Our nation has a proud heritage as the mother of parliamentary elections, yet the alarming and covert spread of selective fraud and the state of denial by some bodies threaten this good reputation.
Those who go crazy on the bicycle analogue of Kate and other twins of the celebrities of the Olympics in Rio
Fans of the 2016 Olympics in Rio this week went crazy about the French bicyclist Pauline Ferrand-Prevost, who, it turned out, is impressively similar to the Duchess of Cambridge.
But the 24-year-old participant of the Olympic Games is far from the only athlete struggling for gold this summer, which can boast of her own famous double - at least, according to reports in social networks.
So, in honor of the Rio Games and all the famous people appearing on our screens at the moment, FEMAIL has compiled a list of Olympians who have more than a superficial resemblance to the Hollywood stars.
Hunter and Wolf: The member of the US archery team, Brady Allison, on the left, was compared to Leonardo DiCaprio since he was a child
Besides Kate's double on the bicycle path, many online people hurried to point out how a certain archer might be the twin of superstar Leonardo DiCaprio.
A member of the US archery men's team, Brady Ellison, was the cause of the hurricane on Twitter, after images of him appeared that looked frighteningly like the Wolf star from Wall Street.
And in fact, the archer learned about the folly of social networks and admitted that he had heard that he looked like Leo since he was a child.
"I personally do not see a huge similarity, maybe with the exception of vegetation on the face," said Brady Huffington Post.
"He's an attractive guy, so I think it's a compliment."
One of the most popular comparisons from London 2012 will undoubtedly be indicated even more this year: the striking similarity between the British jumper Greg Rutherford and the popular actor Neil Patrick Harris.
The Russian gymnast Alia Mustafina, with her big expressive eyes, is said to be an exact copy of the Cuban-American singer Gloria Estefan.
And in the pool of South African swimmer Cameron van der Burg was compared to the star of Horus Matthew Morrison for many years.
Turning to the more unexpected: This user believes that Nathan is a "sports version" of the actor of "The Beginning"
Another long-standing comparison was between tennis player Rafael Nadar and actor Josh Harnett, who boast similar heavy eyebrows and lips.
Silver medalist swimmer from Russia Julia Efimova can boast not only the same tanned skin and blond hair as actress AnnaLynne McCord, while Nathan Adrian from the US team, according to fans, is similar to the "sports version of Joseph Gorgon Levitt."
Severe Women: Football star Hope Solo, left, and actress Jennifer Carpenter from Dexter, on the right, have the same face and eye shapes
Not the only one: One Twitter user was very pleased that others also saw similarities
Creating a theory: According to this user, there may be a reason underlying the similar appearance of this pair
One Twitter user recently contacted the site to publicize their delight that "the rest of the Internet thinks that Hope Solo and Jennifer Carpenter are actually identical."
In fact, the US football star and actress Dexter have incredibly similar face and eye shapes.
Other popular comparisons include Kerry Walsh Jennings and her smile, which is close to the identical smile of actress Laura Linney, as well as the gold medal winner Gabrielle Douglas, who can boast her own beautiful broad smile that looks like the smile of Gabrielle Union's "Bring It Up" star.
The Olympics commentator on the CBC apologizes for speaking out about the Chinese swimmer "died like a pig"
The analysis of Byron MacDonald fourth place at the finish 14-year-old Ai Yanhan on the women's relay freestyle 4x200 m outraged on Wednesday the audience CBC in the live broadcast of the Olympics
The Canadian Broadcasting Company CBC was forced to apologize after one of its commentators said that the 14-year-old Chinese swimmer "started like a stink" and "died like a pig" during the swim.
Commentator Byron McDonald thought that his microphone was disconnected when he began to express his own opinion at the end of the final women's 4x200 m freestyle relay.
You could hear how McDonald, who was attracted to the CBC commentators team, "to dilute it with color," said: "This 14-year-old Chinese woman dropped the ball, baby."
Too agitated, started like a stink, died like a pig.
Thank you for that.
Chinese swimmer Ai Yanhan, who is 14 years old, swam the second stage of the relay for 1: 57.79 - 1.61 seconds slower than Canadian Taylor Cancer, allowing Canadians to eliminate the backlog of China.
Viewers across Canada quickly reacted to the network after being shocked by the tone and expressions used
Emmett McFarlane tweeted: "In fact, did the CBC announcer just say that the 14-year-old swimmer from China 'died like a pig' ????"
This idiot did not understand that they were still on the air. "
About Ai Yanhang from China in the women's 4x200m freestyle relay said: "This little 14-year-old Chinese woman dropped the ball, baby."
Criticism in Twitter immediately fell on Byron McDonald, and many called for his dismissal
Twitter users did not hold back when they heard how insensitive Byron MacDonald was
Another Twitter user, Sarah Paradise, wrote: 'Wow #ByronMacDonald.
You represent CBC and Canada and you make us look like a bunch of racists. #disgusted.
Shortly thereafter, Scott Russell, who conducted the CBC broadcast, apologized live for McDonald's comment, saying: "We are sorry for the fact that the commentary on the swimming performance was aired."
It was an unfortunate choice of words, we are sorry that it happened. "
IFOR ended up apologizing to more than 90 people who tweeted in response to this statement
A friend of commentator Scott Russell had to apologize on behalf of MacDonald
CBC then copied and sent their apologies to over 90 other Twitter users who complained about McDonald's comments
The network also hurried to apologize and publish the statement.
We sincerely regret that these statements were made and that they were allowed to go on air.
Last night, we acted operatively to apologize to our viewers on the air and our subscribers in social networks.
Make clear, comments Byron related to the performance of the swimmer, and not to her as a person.
And yet it was an inappropriate and unfortunate choice of words, and Byron very much regrets what he said.
On Thursday afternoon, MacDonald apologized on the air and tried to clarify his comment, saying that he did not think his words would be interpreted as an attack on a person.
"I would like to take a moment to apologize for the comment that I made last night after the women's relay," he said at the broadcast of the Olympic Games on CBC.
"I was talking about the swimmer's performance, not about her personally."
"It goes without saying that no disrespect was implied, and I'm sorry."
The buyer Primark insulted a woman who shamelessly tried on the underwear in the middle of the store
Buyers did not know where to look away when a woman bared to try on her panties, on the floor with shops in the middle of Primark.
Even worse, she tried on how she looked in them, pulled them together and laid them back on the shelf.
She continued the search and eventually measured four pairs of underwear at the Bouverie Place shopping mall in Folkestone.
Shop Primark shopping center Bouverie Place in Folkestone, where the woman tried on knitted panties, before putting them back on the shelf
The mother of two children, Jenny Davidson, who was at the store this time, said that after trying on the underwear, the mysterious woman "dressed and left the store again without buying anything."
She said: "People could not believe what they saw."
Standing in the middle of the trading hall, she took a pair of panties from the store window, took off her own pantyhose and panties and put them on.
"She did not try to find somewhere a secluded place to do it - she just stood there, shameless."
"Everyone stared when she took off her panties again, and they obviously did not like her, because she put them back on the shelf."
She did the same with three other couples before finally deciding that there is nothing here that she would like, again dressed and left.
"It does not look like she was worried about who was watching her, or that she thought about a man who would eventually buy these panties, which she tried on."
33-year-old Jenny Davidson from Kent, said: "How disgusting to think that someone is going to take home the panties that someone else already wore, and they were not washed."
The incident happened on Tuesday afternoon.
Davidson added: "I conclude that the staff, apparently, tried to remove these garments from the sale, after she left - well, the better."
"I would not like to come home with a new pair of women's panties and find out that another woman wore them and took them off, and they were not washed."
A spokesman for Primark said: "Primark is aware of the incident that happened in our store in Folkestone on Tuesday, August 9th."
All the goods in question were withdrawn from sale.
How to protect yourself from attacks with a gun, using the Krav Maga
The world around is dangerous, but this video from Dailymail.com, perhaps, will help make it a bit safer for you.
We spoke with Ron Mizrachi, Master of the Krav Maga Federation in New York, to find out how to deal with armed robbers at close quarters.
Whether approaching you in front or behind, this video will show you how to beat a robber with his own weapon.
If they come from behind, according to Mizrachi, the first thing to do is turn around so that you see the attacker and "liberated the line of fire."
Then you tightly squeeze the gun between your forearm and shoulder, before hitting them in the face with a free elbow.
Then follows the knee in the groin, and while the attacker bends from the pain, you unscrew the pistol from his hands, beat him in the face with a barrel and retreat back, holding the gun pointed at him.
For an armed, suitable in front, the way of execution is similar - remove your body from the line of fire, quickly grab the gun and unscrew it so that the villain can not shoot.
At the same time, move the weight onto the gun and hit the attacker with your fist in the chest, then turn the gun out of his grasp before stepping back and aiming at it.
Sounds difficult?
Watch the video to see exactly how Mizrachi does it.
But remember that the safest way out of any robbery - if you are not a master of Krav Maga - is to give away your cash.
For the guide, the traveler Jan Wright conducts his own language in the dirtiest places in Europe
The British traveler subjected his immune system and gag reflex to a serious test, licking some of the dirtiest and ugliest places in Europe.
Lead author and author of travel books Jan Wright, 51, from Suffolk, spent his time with the euro banknote, the circus of Piccadilly Circus, the toilet flush button on the train and the Russian public telephone to prove the strength of his immune system.
Before licking each object, he used a luminometer to show himself and us what he was getting into.
But the experiment, which should become a film called "Traveler-Lizun's Guide to the Inner Force," yielded some surprising results.
The idea of licking a flush button on a train used by thousands of others can be extremely disgusting, but in fact there are worse bacteria in the kitchen sink.
Throughout his trip to Europe, Wright spoke with doctors and health workers about increasing intestinal bacteria and his own health.
Fortunately, nothing licked brought him more than a bad taste in his mouth.
Wright became known for testing the strength of his intestines, traveling the world and eating strange and amazing things.
From the public railings at the stations to the toilet flush button, this task undoubtedly tested his immune system
In the film he shot, he said: "From the very childhood I was completely carefree in relation to my health and I dragged many different things into my mouth from the ground, eating worms and dirty water."
He certainly proved his reputation during the film.
The only thing he refused from was a dirty Russian public toilet.
His test smear demonstrated a luminometer value exceeding 4000 units.
For comparison: freshly washed hands should be within 60.
But there was one Russian public toilet that he refused to lick after the value of his luminometer was more than 4000 units, while the newly washed hands show less than 60
Wright and Finnish producer of dairy products Valio made a film about a traveler called "Traveler-Lizun's Guide to the Inner Force", which shows the number of bacteria in different places, for example in the toilet
In the film, he said: "It's close to one of the worst things I sniffed in the toilet."
There is nothing more dirty than this!
I'm not going to lick anything, because it's disgusting.
"Traveler-Lizun's Guide to Internal Power" was filmed with the Finnish dairy producer Valio.
The company provided Wright with Valio Gefilus, which contains fermented bacteria, as well as vitamins C and D, to help accelerate the growth of human intestinal bacteria and develop the immune system.
Senior Vice President Valio for snacks, juices and new categories Nico Vuorenmaa said: "We really wanted to offer consumers something new.
What would be interesting to see and at the same time could explain the use of probiotics.
We had a brainstorming session that culminated in the idea of "let's call Jan".
They argue that interest in intestinal health is becoming a global phenomenon
Instead of just talking about products, we wanted to put them in a larger context: good and bad bacteria in our daily environment, the importance of intestinal health and how it is related to the immune system.
The growing interest in intestinal health is a global phenomenon, and with the help of this documentary we were able to provide consumers with more information about this in interesting form.
I also think that the film shows that we have a good sense of humor!
Tom Hakala, who directed the film, added: "Let's just say: I would lose respect for Jan if he licked some of the things I asked for, such as the disgusting Russian toilet that is shown in the film."
Naturally, it was easier to lick some things to Jan, and some were pretty tough.
I'm glad that we managed to film some of these licks. "
In a poll conducted in 2015 by Valio, 84 percent of respondents attributed acid-milk bacteria exclusively to good stomach and intestines, and 58 percent said they ate at least sometimes foods containing added fermented bacteria.
The family of hooligans destroyed Saltash, the municipal house of Cornwall, on the eve of the eviction
A family of hooligans left their municipal house with a loss of £ 50,000, after they were evicted for intimidating their neighbors.
Tanja Skeldon and her partner Shawn Trebilkok were kicked out of their property in Saltash, Cornwall, after a long list of complaints against them.
After they were forcibly evicted from the property, the shocked officials of housing and construction cooperatives discovered this property in a condition requiring repair.
The walls were left with gaping holes, the floorboards were opened, the rubbish was scattered on the floor and the walls were smeared with graffiti.
The family is now resettled and is supposed to live in a private apartment
Donna McEvoy, a settler in Cornwall Housing, said she was afraid that he could not be saved.
She said: "It was an absolute nightmare for the people here, and I do not think that people should live like this.
There are many things that need to be weighed, because this property will probably be known as not a very good aspect of Cornwall.
This family is notorious, and their name is notorious.
The couple have three sons who lived in the property from time to time, and the police say that the horror of the family caused by the family included fights on the street with baseball bats, intimidation of residents of nearby areas, drug use, drug trafficking, excessive shouts, disputes and curses.
Skeldon, 47, whose name was on the lease, received a warrant for antisocial behavior in June.
In several rooms of the house, which can be demolished, they found old rubbish
Floor boards in the house in which drugs were sold in the past were pulled out
Neighbors say they saw fights on the street and regularly called the police
Cornwall Housing was forcibly evicted from her home and her partner this week after they were granted an extended period of 11 weeks for voluntary departure.
The eviction was relieved by neighbors who said that their lives were turned into a living hell.
One said: "They did not disturb anyone".
We lived next to them for 20 years, and it was always bad.
The number of times we saw the police here is incredible.
"This morning we could not sleep."
We stood up because it was so quiet here - we are not used to it!
Now that they have finally left, everything will be fine.
Adam Fitzpatrick, head of the Cornwall Housing neighborhood group, said that the family could not cooperate with local authorities.
The family lived in the house for 20 years, with the police, and the police regularly called for it
Garbage and old toys were scattered lower down the overgrown side of the municipal house
He added: "It's a shame that the tenant could not take any responsibility for the behavior of her and her family, since eviction is always the last method of action that Cornwall Housing is considering.
It was a very difficult case, since the behavior was extreme, and their actions must have been terrifying for its observant neighbors.
I appreciate all the work that my team, the police and members of the Devon and Cornwall community have invested, who bravely came forward to give us information.
I hope that this development will give a little consolation to the neighbors and will send a signal that asocial behavior will not be tolerated.
Fitzpatrick reported that all three sons lived in the house at different times, but said that they were all a little more then 20.
Dirty mattress, left on the floor in one of the bedrooms after eviction
Resettlement workers will now have to remove the piles of debris that surrounds the house
In 2014, the police searched the house and found more than 70 grams of hemp, as well as scales, accessories and £ 1700 in cash.
Skeldon was fined after pleading guilty to possession of Class B drugs for the purpose of delivery.
She stated that the money went to pay a tombstone for her son, Lee Skeldon, who died in a car accident in 2013.
After they were made homeless, there are reports that Tanya and her partner now live in Plymouth.
The walls of many rooms of the house were covered with graffiti all over the surface.
The police say that they will try to evict tenants who do not obey the rules of renting premises
Angela Crowe, from the police of Devon and Cornwall, stated that this eviction sent a clear warning to other tenants who continue to violate the rules.
"This is a message for those who feel that they can behave without accusations of the accuser, as well as those who are harmed by such behavior," she said.
Criminal and antisocial behavior will never be tolerated by the police of Devon and Cornwall, who will continue to work with partners to protect our communities.
Tourists in Portugal were horrified when a low-flying military aircraft almost touched the beach
In the city of Aveiro in Portugal, tourists who love to luxuriate in the sun, terribly frightened for their lives
The P-3C Orion aircraft of Portugal's air force flew incredibly low
The air force reported that he was doing a training flight, but insisted there was no risk to safety
Here's the moment when the frightened tourists start to panic, while the moment when the low-flying plane dived over the crowded beach.
On the dramatic shots, a military aircraft is visible, flying almost at a touch distance from hunters on a sand belt in Aveiro, northern Portugal.
Holidaymakers jumped to their feet as soon as they became, for obvious reasons, concerned about the noise of the aircraft engines, but not being able to see that it was moving in their direction through the clouds.
The incident occurred last night near the town of Aveiro in Costa Nova.
Daniel Fernandes, one of several vacationers who published a video of a shocking span in social networks, said: "He flew very low twice, and there was a moment, at some point it seemed that he would break."
Nuno Arroza added: "I was surfing and I swear, it felt like the plane was about to fall on me."
Tourists on the beach of Aveiro were terribly frightened when the plane appeared from the fog and flew at an extremely low altitude
The Portuguese air force said today that the pilot of the P-3C Orion aircraft was doing a training flight to find fishing boats offshore, and was forced to descend so low, as this was the only way to check them.
The pilot said that the aircraft flew a little lower than usual because of the lack of visibility caused by smoke from nearby burning forests, but the air force insisted that no one was at risk.
This summer, forest fires caused damage to the mainland of Portugal, and also killed four people on the island of Madeira.
The Portuguese air force made a statement today that the pilot had to fly so low due to circumstances - dense fog and smog from forest fires that worsened visibility
The aircraft carried out a training flight, and the pilot was instructed to find fishing boats under the assignment
The HACCP system has been obligatory for catering more than a year, but most cafes and restaurants in St. Petersburg have not yet been implemented.
Inspections are becoming more active, and businesses face fines of up to 1 million rubles.
For more than a year, Hazard Analysis and Critical Control Points (HACCP, in the Russian version of HACCP) - risk analysis and critical control points - are mandatory for food manufacturers and carriers, as well as catering companies in Russia as a member of the Customs Union (CU).
Business checks by Rospotrebnadzor for compliance with these standards in St. Petersburg began in February 2015.
But while officials write out fines only for certain violations of the regulations (see "List of documents" ...).
Failure to comply with the regulations as a whole will cost the company 600 thousand rubles for the first violation and 1 million rubles for the second.
HACCP as a system that takes into account risks when working with food products and prevents them, was invented in the USA in the 1960s.
Then it was about food safety for astronauts.
Now the system is used at all food enterprises not only in the USA, but also in Canada and in the European Union.
Since February 2015, HACCP operates on the territory of the CU.
The development and implementation of the system in business was 4 years (HACCP requirements appeared in the technical regulations of the Customs Union in 2011).
However, entrepreneurs and officials alike admit that most companies have not even heard of this norm.
We, unfortunately, for a long time were sure that the norm concerns only food production, not restaurateurs, "explained the head of the Public Council Elena Tsereteli.
Now everyone is trying to catch up.
The expected time for the resumption of charter flights to Turkey is the end of August and the beginning of September.
But they will not cause a rush, as their target audience - families with children - is already preparing for school, experts say.
The alliance of travel agencies yesterday sent a letter to the government with a request to now allow the charters.
"For many Russian tourists, the issue of selecting quality and affordable sea recreation is insoluble, because the resorts of the Krasnodar Territory and the Republic of Crimea, most accommodation facilities have already been booked before the end of September," note the letter's authors and emphasize that the opening of charter flights in August will not significantly affect the already established demand for Russian maritime tourism.
As reported in the North-West regional branch of the Russian Union of Travel Industry (PCT), if the aviation departments of Russia and Turkey quickly agree, the resumption of charter flights to Turkey can be expected within a month.
Clear understanding when the charters will be renewed, yet, it depends primarily on the aviation authorities.
Technically, planes can fly in September, even in August, if tour operators quickly build programs and agree with airlines on the directions needed on the direction, "says Pavel Rumyantsev, deputy director for communications and international projects at the North-West regional branch of the PCT.
According to him, the possible resumption of charters is good news, but it will not affect the alignment of forces on the market, because the main buyers of charter tours - families with children - have already returned from vacation and are preparing for school or spending vacations in other countries.
In the velvet season, tours are mostly single travelers and couples.
Charter programs can count on those who have the opportunity to rest spontaneously, "- says Pavel Rumyantsev.
"Turkey has a chance to attract a lot of tourists if it now gives very budgetary offers - 50-60 thousand rubles per tour for two, because there are people who are waiting for very cheap tours purposefully," says Valeriya Rosenthal, general director of the travel agency Optio-Travel.
Otherwise, counting on agiotage is definitely not worth it - most of the travel has already been planned.
Pavel Rumyantsev also believes that since there is a demand for regular flights to Turkey, charters will also be in demand, but there is no need to wait for excitement.
"For Turkey, launching charters now is a rehearsal for the next season," says Pavel Rumyantsev.
"Opening of charters to Turkey is a positive news for the next season," Valery Rubtsova agrees.
The Tax Code provides for exemption from personal income tax established by the legislation of compensation payments within the limits of the approved norms related to compensation for harm caused by injury or other damage to health.
Extradition to employees engaged in work with hazardous working conditions, milk in accordance with established standards is provided for by Article 222 of the LC RF.
At the same time, the norms and terms of issuance were established by Order No. 45n of the Ministry of Health and Social Development of Russia of 16.02.2009.
According to this document, free delivery of milk or other equivalent food products is made to employees on the days of actual employment in jobs with hazardous working conditions due to the presence of harmful production factors in the workplace.
Proceeding from these norms, the Federal Tax Service of Russia in the letter in question concluded that on the basis of paragraph 2 of clause 3 of Article 217 of the Tax Code, income from the taxation of personal income tax is exempted from the income of milk in the days of actual employment in jobs with hazardous working conditions in accordance with the norms and conditions approved by Order No. 45n of the Ministry of Health and Social Development of Russia on 16.02.2009.
Moscow's Gazstroibank remained without a license from the Central Bank.
On Friday, August 12, 2016, the Central Bank of Russia revoked the license for banking operations from the credit institution Joint-Stock Commercial Bank "Gazstroybank", registered in Moscow.
According to the regulator, JSC JSCB "GAZSTROYBANK" conducted a highly risky credit policy related to the placement of cash in low-quality assets.
An adequate assessment of the risks accepted at the request of the supervisory authority and a reliable reflection of the value of the bank's assets led to the appearance of the credit organization's grounds for implementing measures to prevent bankruptcy.
In addition, the credit institution was involved in conducting doubtful transit operations.
A temporary administration is appointed in the bank until the time of appointment to the bankruptcy commissioner or liquidator.
Powers of executive bodies of the credit organization in accordance with federal laws are suspended.
Joint-stock company AKB "GAZSTROYBANK" - the participant of system of insurance of contributions.
Recall that the payment of insurance compensation to depositors of the bank, including individual entrepreneurs, in accordance with the Federal Law No. 177-FZ "On insurance of individuals' deposits in the banks of the Russian Federation" is provided in the amount of 100% of the balance of funds, but not more than 1.4 million rubles in aggregate per one depositor.
Payments, according to the Agency for Deposit Insurance, will begin no later than August 26, 2016.
According to the financial statements, as of August 1, 2016, JSCB "GAZSTROYBANK" held 335th place in the banking system of the Russian Federation.
London schoolgirl, who joined IGIL, was killed in Syria
Cadiz Sultana, one of three British schoolgirls who left London last year to join IGIL, is reportedly dead in Syria.
Attorney Tasnim Akundji stated that her family had learned of her death in Rakka, Syria, a few weeks ago.
It is assumed that she was killed by a Russian air strike in Rakka, the mainstay of the grouping in the country, ITV News reported on Thursday.
Sultan was 17 years old, and according to her family, she died just when she planned to leave the war-torn country and return to England.
"One can only hope that the only advantage of all this - like a tombstone and a testament to others, is that these are the risks that are referred to when traveling to the war zone - to dissuade people from ever making the same choice," Akundji said.
In February 2015, Sultana and two other schoolgirls from East London boarded a plane to Turkey and then a bus to the Syrian border.
The Sultana's family said that she married the militant Igil in Syria and became a widow for several months.
Reed says Clinton will remain loyal to Garland as a candidate for the post of Supreme Judge if elected
Democrat leader in the Senate Harry Reed says he is convinced that Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton will nominate Judge Merrick Garland to the Supreme Court if elected as President.
Senate Republicans blocked Garland's statement, as President Barack Obama nominated him in March.
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell says the next president will choose the person who will be able to replace the last Supreme Court judge Antonin Scalia.
Reed said at a conference call on Thursday that he predicts that Clinton will choose Garland "with some degree of certainty."
Representative Reed later said that he did not talk directly with Clinton about whether she would put forward Garland, and simply made assumptions.
He praised Garland and said that the Clinton team would not want to "rock the boat" with a new choice.
Garland is the chief justice of the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia.
Reed said that Republicans who block Garland's nomination are "henchmen" and "accomplices" of Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump.
He said that Trump is not suitable for the position.
Treats states that erotic calendars for 'women, as well as for men'
Treats magazine collaborates with photographer David Bellmer to release a calendar for 2017, inspired by Pirelli in the 1970s.
But instead of naked celebrities, they set out to find the next generation of top models for their calendar for 2017 with naked muses.
President Treats Steve Shaw told us earlier this year that his magazine with a lot of nude models is different from the old-fashioned Playboy, because "Playboy is for men."
I do it for women.
Obviously, he thinks that the calendar too.
"We need to return to the demonstration of the eternal and classic nude figure, where women, as well as men, feel comfortable and inspired by these images of the female body," Shaw said in a press release announcing the calendar.
Women will want to be a part of this project, because it is a beautiful work of art.
Models can submit photos online or in person at open castings in Los Angeles and New York.
Moskvicham will give out memos about unscrupulous Internet shops.
In Moscow, they are going to issue a memo, which will tell how not to become a victim of an online store.
This was reported in the Rospotrebnadzor, writes M24.
It is reported that the specialists of the department are preparing a memo that will help citizens correctly choose an online store and recognize possible fraudulent schemes.
The concept of this brochure provides for several sections.
This will be general information and legislative framework, rules for the delivery of goods, ways to protect their legal rights.
The appendix will give recommendations on how to properly form a claim and so on, "- said in Rospotrebnadzor.
Memo to the present moment is being finalized.
Subsequently, it will be posted on the site of Rospotrebnadzor in Moscow, it is also planned to release a printed version and distribute it to Muscovites.
The Russian Foreign Ministry issued a statement in which he named the name of the second suspect in the organization of sabotage in the Crimea.
Detained persons from among the citizens of Ukraine and Russia, who assisted in the preparation of terrorist acts.
Among them - Panov Evgeny Alexandrovich and Zakhtey Andrey Romanovich.
"All of them give confessions," the report said.
Earlier, a resident of the Zaporizhzhya region Evgeny Panov, who was detained on suspicion of organizing terrorist attacks in the Crimea, admitted his guilt during the interrogation.
FAS fined Google for 438 million rubles.
The Federal Antimonopoly Service of Russia (FAS) has imposed an administrative fine on the corporation Google in the amount of 438 million rubles., Says the website of the agency.
"The fine for Google for violating the antimonopoly legislation amounted to 438 million rubles.
We hope that the company will execute our decision and pay the fine in the near future, "said FAS Deputy Head Alexei Dotsenko.
During the investigation, FAS found that Google supplies smartphone manufacturers that are sold in Russia, the Google Play app store, provided that other applications of the corporation are installed on the device.
Among these applications is the search engine, which should be placed on the main screen of the smartphone.
Thus, the corporation violates Part 1 Article 10 of the Federal Law "On Protection of Competition" (abuse of dominant position).
We are confident that the implementation of the prescription will provide an opportunity for the development of competition in the mobile software market in Russia, which will have a positive impact on our consumers.
The Law "On Protection of Competition" must be observed by all companies whose products are delivered to the territory of the Russian Federation and transnational corporations as well, "noted the head of the Communications and Information Technologies Department of the FAS Russia Elena Zaeva.
The department suspects of the conspiracy of 16 Russian stores.
Network "New book" fined for selling the book "50 days before my suicide."
The network of shops "New book" fined for the sale of the book Stace Kramer "50 days before my suicide," the city news agency "Moscow" reports.
As reported in Rospotrebnadzor, without specifying the amount of the fine, the text of the book can be considered as "provoking or motivating to suicidal behavior of children and adolescents."
The Ostankino district court confirmed the violation of the established requirements for distribution of information products among children and decided to impose a fine in the form of confiscation of 49 copies of printed materials arrested by the department of Rospotrebnadzor.
The source in the "New Book" confirmed that it was a work of Stace Kramer.
In March this year it was reported that in the largest bookstores in Moscow are being checked for a book "50 days before my suicide."
In Moscow, there will be an evening of memory of Ernst Neizvestny.
In Moscow there will be an evening of memory of the sculptor Ernst Neizvestny, TASS reported.
The event will be held August 15 at the Central House of Writers.
Unfortunately, not everyone will be able to say goodbye to Unknown in the US personally.
Therefore, it was decided to arrange this evening for those who want to remember it on their native land, "the press service of the Russian Jewish Congress said.
They noted that this is important for the widow of the sculptor Anna Graham and his friends around the world.
On the evening, close friends of the Unknown, including the poet Yevgeny Yevtushenko, the artist Boris Messerer, the president of the Pushkin Museum of Fine Arts, Irina Antonova, the director Mark Rozovsky, as well as the minister of culture of Russia Vladimir Medinsky, the head of the Moscow Department of Culture Alexander Kibovsky, the deputy mayor of Moscow Leonid Pechatnikov are invited.
Earlier it was reported that relatives of Ernst Neizvestny planned to hold a memorial service for the sculptor in New York, presumably until August 14.
The ultimate consumer of vinyl: who actually buys records?
Lonely middle-aged men love vinyl.
And while you did not rush to clog the comments section with coarse insults under the pseudonym of "All Single Men", "Midsummer", this statement follows from the fact sheet.
According to YouGov, so many discussed revival of records is conditioned not by the boom among the generation of two thousand people who want to be imbued with the novelty of a material object, but by the nostalgia of middle-aged.
Those who recently bought a vinyl album are very likely to be between the ages of 45 and 54, according to the data.
Moreover, those who belong to the 18-24 age group are the least likely.
This is also not just an act of gathering amateurs - it has an emotional significance: older vinyl customers are more likely to keep their feelings in themselves (56% vs. 53%) and enjoy loneliness (69% vs. 66%).
But are the results of YouGov correct?
If this blog was a television news report, the camera would follow me as I walked through the center of the busy Soho street, in a modest gray suit and giggling before stopping, folding my arms and saying something impressive like "So, let's see."
So, let's see.
While Soho's heart slowly loses its charm and dirt - hotels, cafes, Paperchase stores now flooded the buildings once occupied by independent sellers - several music stores with fantastic specialists still remain.
I would probably have asked the camera to stop for the next scene, in which I am close to various people in some of these stores and try to assess their age and emotional state by observation.
A native of Glasgow Stewart, 55, I followed from Sister Ray (counting data: two young women, three middle-aged men) to Reckless Records (counting data: eight middle-aged men, one woman probably over the age of 20), in London for half a day to hold a meeting, and strolling around to take hours.
He's a collector, I ask?
"I think so," he says.
I have about 3,000 or 4,000 records.
These plates, depicted above (he sent me an e-mail snapshot, I did not pursue him to the house), go lines along the walls of his living room.
His reason for buying so many albums and singles partly comes from his disposable income: he can now buy records that he could not afford when they just came out and buy back the items he sold when he was young and shallow.
"A lot of what I get is the end of the 60's, the beginning of the 70's, things that came out when I was 11 or 12, things for which I was probably too young to buy," he says.
He agrees that those who buy records are most likely introverts, who like their own company, adding: "I do not smoke, I do not drink very much.
This is my fault.
Wes, 25, who works for Sister Ray, also believes that many of the clients he meets meet the YouGov profile.
He, however, noticed a new wave of people under the influence of the hype in the media, people who heard about the return and felt the duty to redeem their old records.
Judging by the conversations that I had, people got rid of their collection, usually around 1998 or 1999.
Customers who once sold their vinyl to buy CDs are now selling their CDs to redeem their records, "he says.
This can explain the boom among the figures of the revival of vinyl of a certain age.
And what about the alleged emotional importance of the records?
It's enough to spend a few seconds in a store, such as Phonica, to understand that the record shops offer a comfortable society to people with similar views.
According to Wase, some older clients, in particular, are offended by a cashless payment system.
Some vinyl lovers can feel the shock of the digital world and prefer to retire into the constancy of familiar envelopes for records, objects that evoke memories of a serene youth.
"I think that sometimes it can be the filling of emptiness or the possession of material things as a kind of comfort," says Wes.
Since I am a collector myself, I have it, and I think that many people have it too.
This is an easy way to take your head.
"We are like their social workers!" - the colleague from the shelf of records began to speak.
The ICM poll in April showed that almost 50% of people who bought a vinyl album last month did not yet listen to it.
The poll also found that 41% have a player they never use, while 7% of those who buy vinyl do not have a turntable.
At this stage of the news report, I would probably look seriously puzzled, flipping through the shelves with Bosanov's collections.
The "trophy" aspect of rebirth is what Johnny, 42, who works for Sounds of the Universe (counting data: three middle-aged men) observed.
"Someone came recently and said:" I do not have a record player, but I want to buy a Radiohead record so that we can put it on our shelf, "he says.
It's not a big percentage, but it definitely happens.
More component of the product, less music.
We have people who say: "I do not have a record player."
They are younger people, not elderly, they are a little less than twenty, who only get acquainted with it.
At Fopp, who now took almost the entire floor of the vinyl, a much more diverse audience when I come.
There are couples who are over 70, tourists who take photos, teenage boys and middle-aged women.
Although the atmosphere is less laid-back than in the aforementioned shops - the last synth- and sex-pop Wild Beast, and not jazz improvisation, breaks through the columns - it's nice to see the diversity in its customers.
None of them looks particularly lonely, but the painful psychological trauma is difficult to establish standing for 30 seconds next to someone.
Eleanor, 27, went to Fopp for a few minutes, examining the various plates available for sale.
She looks at the goods, and does not spend money.
She does not earn much, she said, so collecting records is not a very suitable option.
It's expensive.
It's easy to listen to music on a computer or other device, but the beauty of vinyl is ... ", she sinks into dreams with a sigh full of love.
I do not know how to explain - it's really unique.
My last stop is a store that is said to have contributed to the emergence of a new generation of vinyl lovers: Urban fashion.
While I'm creating the illusion that I'm considering jeans tight-fitting shorts, I'm watching a group of teenage girls every minute gathering around the Polaroid camera before the father and his daughter begin discussing the purchase of the Crosley player.
To the left is a staircase, the wall of which is covered with plates Adele, Jeff Buckley, Amy Winehouse and Fleetwood Mack: a mixture of modern style and classics, mandatory plates for any medium collection.
No one looks - perhaps because they are just decoration, some are so high up on the wall that it would be impossible to touch them.
This is a real "artistic vinyl".
But, given that any attraction of attention to these subjects can mean more money for the industry and send a few customers to the outback of Soho for a while, there is not much to complain about.
It is not surprising that a segment of the population that is more likely than the majority to have more time and money than the majority is the layer that spends most money on luxury items such as vinyl.
But while my conclusions show that YouGov's results are accurate, at least in Soho's record shops, they do not exclude the existence of a huge number of women collectors and vinyl lovers who exist in reality, in record shops and online forums.
These people probably work hard at school or in offices.
But they obviously do not spend the morning of Thursday, walking through the shops of records on Berwick Street, flipping through the plates and avoiding the views of the unpleasant 30-year-old fake presenter, who hangs over the shoulders of unsuspecting middle-aged men.
Greenland Polar Shark - the longest living vertebrate - video report
Scientists say that the Greenland polar shark has the longest life span of all vertebrates on the planet.
Julius Nielsen, who studies these sharks, states that the record was set by a female aged 272 to 512 years and a length of five meters
French court rejects proposal to demolish stores in Jungle refugee camp
The French court rejected the proposal of the authorities of Calais to demolish dozens of self-made shops and restaurants in the Jungle camp, where thousands of refugees live.
At the court hearings this week, the authorities of Kale said that the state should be able to demolish a total of 72 self-made shops where people inside the camp sell goods, from cigarettes to energy drinks, offer a haircut or sell tea for 50 cents (40p) or the simplest dishes for a few euros in self-made restaurants.
Kale prefecture expressed that these places should be demolished, because they represent a parallel economy that does not pay taxes, and because they carry fire and sanitary risks.
Humanitarian groups told the court that shops and restaurants are vital, stating that the free dishes offered by the pro-government association and other groups do not provide enough food for the growing numbers in the camp.
They argued that self-made shops and restaurants often provide shelter and free food for those who need it.
The Lille court ruled that there was no legal basis to expel people running 72 self-made shops, but stated that the problems of the Calais prefecture "were completely understandable."
Judge Jean-Francois Molla said that groceries, cafes and restaurants played a much larger role than simply feeding people who "live in extremely precarious conditions."
He said that the spaces provided peaceful meeting points for refugees and volunteers.
One of the places that was threatened with demolition was the children's cafe The Jungle Book at the camp, which does not work for profit and offers 200 meals a day, classes in English and French and counseling for asylum for hundreds of vulnerable juveniles unaccompanied in the camp.
Over 170,000 people signed a petition to protect the children's cafe.
A letter sent to the Guardian said that its closure "would be a disaster for these children, some of whom are not older than eight years old."
Two charities, Aid to the Refugees and L'Auberge des Migrants on Friday estimated that the number in the Jungle camp grew and exceeded 9,000 people - the highest in the history - after a sharp increase in new arrivals during the summer.
Libraries of microdistricts invite young Free residents to cognitive programs.
This week, branch libraries will hold meetings dedicated to the City Day, the Year of Russian Cinema and even the Day of the Athlete.
The programs are oriented to the children's audience, therefore, they will mostly go in the form of a game.
Today, on August 10, the library-branch No. 2, in a closed microdistrict, invites to the cruise-presentation "My town is small".
August 11 in the library-branch number 1 will be held local lore hour "I live in this city, I know this city."
In the library-branch No. 2 on the same day, a multimedia lesson will be held, "The Earth's Native Destiny".
And in the library-branch No. 4 in Surazhevka - the game program "Film, film, film".
On Sunday, August 14, for the children from the northern microdistrict, the library-branch No. 3 will conduct the game program "Fizkult-hello!".
Britain stops on silver in rugby-7, after the master class of Fiji allows them to take the gold
The impressive series of Great Britain in Rugby-7 was shatteringly stopped at the final hurdle by the Fiji team in the finals on Thursday night, when they were completely crushed by 43-7 at the Deodoro stadium here in Rio.
Fiji gave a master class on ball possession, raspasovke, evasion, support for the game, running through lines and brute force to win gold - their first Olympic medal of any color.
The defeat came with not too poor consolation in the form of silver - the third in Britain for the day - and they could be proud of their efforts in the first Olympic tournament in Rugby-7, which along the way won New Zealand, Argentina and South Africa.
The painful beating of the Boks, 7-5 in the semifinal earlier on the same day, could come back to adversely affect them in the final.
But, no matter what, Fiji in this form won the best team of 15 people.
This may be some consolation for the UK - but probably not - that at least one Briton will hang a gold medal tomorrow on the neck: Fiji's head coach is Ben Ryan, the former England chief from Wimbledon.
This was some kind of travel for the UK.
Eight years ago, under Ryan, they lost every game on Adelaide Sevens.
Here they lost only one.
These blows will cause pain, but the progress is astounding.
Fiji started splendidly, for fun, beating off attempts by the UK to intercept the ball.
It was like bumping into a column of moving buses for Captain Tom Mitchell and the company, and the World Series champions went up 5-0 when Osea Colinisau dived into the corner.
Having four minutes on the clock, Jerry Tuwai added another touchdown on the right flank, which was realized.
12-0 and the United Kingdom barely touched the ball.
A magnificent attempt to intercept Mitchell deterred the mountain man Leon Nakarava from scoring a third, but this only delayed Fiji.
In the seventh minute Jas Veremaluwa made a touchdown in the right corner, and the United Kingdom lost 17-0.
Nakarava added one more after the resumption and on the clock there was still more than a minute ... in the first half.
Vatemo Ravov then broke through a few more sluggish attempts to intercept the UK and stormed the line to get a point.
The implementation led to a 29-0 in halftime.
It looked as if Fiji were born to play rugby-7, while the UK is still mastering the craft.
Which is pretty much true.
Great Britain made massive substitutions in half the game and they blocked the Fijian dam ... for all four minutes, which was good by the standards of the first half, until Joshua Tuisova passed after several brilliant Fijian interactions.
Dan Norton grabbed a try for the UK by making a touchdown in the left-hand corner to make the score 36-7, but the game was long marching along the path of the South Sea islanders, whose fans sang, waved flags and danced in the stands.
It was impossible not to admire the full joy of Fiji's approach.
Mata William embellished the Fijian cake, which did not need embellishment, another attempt in the last seconds.
A whistle sounded, the Fijians embraced, and the United Kingdom fell to the lawn, completely defeated.
Earlier in the day, Fiji defeated Japan 20-5 in its semi-final, while the United Kingdom slightly overpassed South Africa in a tense semi-final of one attempt to everyone - the difference is British realization.
Kyle Brown leads the Boks forward in the first half, but Dan Norton, with some magnificent leg work, tore the line and scored under the beams in the second half.
A brilliant last attempt at interception from Marcus Watson, brother of 15-aside England team, Anthony, secured a victory - and ultimately a silver medal.
Helen Glover and Heather Stanning are inspired to win the rowing wrestling coach with cancer
There will be no more exciting gold in these games, and it's about something says.
From the first movement to the last, 220 heavy ups in history, Helen Glover and Heather Stanning found additional value for their golden moment on the Estacio da Lagoa.
Although they were the two who pulled the oars, there were three voices in this boat, the echo of coach Robin Williams was always as long as they were eager for the second consecutive Olympic gold in women's pairs, the first women in the annals of British sport who reached such a height.
Their superiority was absolute, in the end it was their 39th undefeated performance, again unprecedented.
What we see, two brilliant athletes gliding over the surface with the elegance of swans, do not fully reflect the nature of triumph.
For each gold, they rowed a battalion of ready-made hands, contributing to gradually increasing victories, which are important, and there are no hands that were more important than the hands of the coach, who 30 months ago, when he was diagnosed with cancer, did not know if he would live to see that day.
As he said, it was a dangerous business.
I had bladder cancer, which is one of the things that they can handle, and they did it.
If they do not, it goes everywhere.
It could be a pretty bad situation.
It slightly changes your views for the future.
Williams was diagnosed in December 2013.
The trio was lucky that he could start treatment in early 2014 in the off-season, keeping the schedule gap minimal if this could be the right expression in circumstances such as these.
I needed payment, so I needed to get better quickly.
It was an incentive.
I was in the hospital and walked around the compartment - 20 feet, 30 feet, 50 feet at a time, although they were saying quite a few steps.
Here's how it starts.
Rowing in itself is a journey, but it does it a little more.
The next moment after the victory, their first thoughts were about Williams, who spent a nervous morning talking a little more than usual in an attempt to overcome his own experiences.
Stanning, the captain of the artillery regiment with the service in Afghanistan behind him, said: "I was an emotional wreck this week, maybe it's a little too much, but it means so much."
It only confirms how much this means to me, how much Helen and I worked, and Robin too.
It's been a fantastic three years with Helen and Robin.
Without Robin, we would be nobody, so thank you very much, he is the best coach in the world.
I could not ask for a better partner for training or a better coach.
Helen Glover and Heather Stanning did not lose a single race in five years.
This pair sets an intense rhythm that their competitors could never match.
Even at the last 500 meters, when the teams of New Zealand and Denmark began to approach, Stanning and Glover had too much left.
We were strong in the phase.
Helen called: 'stay in the process, stay in the process'.
Now it is very important not to get carried away.
We had a good start, and at the same time we did not try to do something amazing.
We did not expect fireworks today, we just waited to be able to row well and get out and win this race, which we did.
A couple will take a year to decide their future.
Glover needs to be at the wedding next month, on her own with television adventurer Steve Backshall.
Now she wants to just enjoy the moment.
I did not want to say that this is my last race.
It would mean too much pressure.
It took about six months in London to realize that I became an Olympic champion.
It was all so new, and I was so tense.
It took about four minutes.
I feel so much better, "she said.
The government extended the term for the destruction of sanctions products
The government extended until the end of 2017 the deadline for the destruction of foodstuffs banned from importation into Russia.
The relevant decree was signed by Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev, it was published on the official portal of legal information.
The embargo against countries that imposed anti-Russian sanctions because of the situation in Ukraine, was introduced in our country in August 2014.
Subsequently, the ban was repeatedly extended, now it is valid until December 31, 2017.
It is forbidden to import certain types of agricultural products, raw materials and foodstuffs from Russia, the United States, the European Union, Canada, Australia, Norway, Ukraine, Albania, Montenegro, Iceland and Liechtenstein to Russia.
In particular, the ban included meat and meat products, fish, seafood, vegetables, fruits and dairy products.
The utilization of foodstuffs imported into the country bypassing the embargo is being carried out in Russia since August 2015.
Only for the first quarter of 2016 about 100 tons of banned products were seized from the sale.
Hunting for "banned"
On Friday, rains and thunderstorms are expected in Moscow.
Through the metropolitan region will pass the atmospheric front, which will bring precipitation and lower the temperature of the air.
During the day, the air warms up to 25 degrees Celsius.
So, on the night of Saturday in Moscow, there will be short-term rain in the places, thunderstorms and gusts up to 15 m / s are possible.
In the afternoon rain is expected with thunderstorms and gusts of wind up to 12-17 m / s.
Rains with thunderstorms are also forecasted in the Oryol, Kursk and Voronezh regions, "Dni.ru" reports.
In the next working week, precipitation is unlikely.
The panel of arbitrators of the WTO has established that Russian import duties on paper, refrigerators and palm oil contradict the rules of the organization.
The import rates exceed the obligations assumed by Russia upon accession to the WTO.
"This is the first time that the WTO has taken a decision against the Russian Federation," the official website of the organization said.
However, the arbitrators stressed in their conclusion that the European Union did not provide sufficient evidence that Russia's measures were "systematic" or "comprehensive."
Russia, in turn, promised in the near future to adapt import duties on paper and refrigerators.
This is stated in the message of the Ministry of Economic Development of Russia.
July 4, it was reported that Kiev intends to complain to the World Trade Organization on the actions of Russia, which introduced additional restrictions on the transit of Ukrainian goods.
This is stated in the statement of the Government of Ukraine.
In May, the Financial Times wrote that US behavior in resolving controversial issues in the WTO undermines the organization's principles of discussion.
A similar statement was made by Brazil, Japan, the European Union and other WTO members because of the Americans' refusal to approve South Korean judge Chan Son Hwa for a second term.
In this regard, Russia will not appeal to the WTO on the issue of Western sanctions imposed against the Russian Federation.
The WTO is an international organization set up in January 1995 to liberalize international trade.
Now it consists of 162 countries.
Russia joined it in 2012.
The presidential administration was replaced by the head
Russian President Vladimir Putin appointed Anton Vaino, the former deputy of Sergei Ivanov, as the head of his administration.
Vladimir Putin held a reshuffle in the presidential administration and expressed the hope that the new head of his administration would contribute to the constructive work of the government and the Kremlin.
In turn, Anton Vaino said during the meeting that he considers the anti-corruption work that President Ivanov started as head of the administration to be important and promised to cooperate with the government.
Earlier Izvestiya wrote that experts consider the situation with the resignation of Sergei Ivanov from the post of the head of the administration transparent and understandable and permutation will not fundamentally change the activities of the Kremlin administration.
They note that the leader left, who worked in the presidential administration for quite a long time, effectively built up the activities of the AP.
Instead, came the deputy head of the administration, Anton Vaino - a man who knows the specifics of this work.
In Poland, they admit that they will not buy fuel from Gazprom.
The state-owned Polish oil and gas company PGNIG does not rule out that in a few years, gas supplies from the Russian Federation may become unattractive for it because of the reorientation to fuel from Norway and other countries.
This was announced by the vice-president of the Polish financial company Bohuslav Mazhets.
His words are broadcast by TASS.
"It may happen that we will not buy gas at all (from Gazprom), we are now diversifying our supplies.
Within the next four years, the main directions of supplies for us will be the East, raw materials from LNG terminals and Norway, "Mazhets said.
Currently, Gazprom holds a dominant position in the supply of gas to Poland.
On Friday, August 12, PGNIG reported that the Russian supplier in the first half of 2016 supplied it with almost 5.3 billion cubic meters of gas, which is 30% higher than in 2015.
The share of the Russian gas giant in the purchases of PGNIG increased to 49.8% compared with 40% a year earlier.
Recall that on July 22, the Polish antimonopoly authority did not agree on the creation of a joint venture between Gazprom and its European partners for the construction of the Nord Stream-2 gas pipeline.
At the same time a month earlier, Poland left a request to Gazprom to supply 11 billion cubic meters of gas through the Nord Stream-2.
This was stated by Deputy Chairman of the Holding Alexander Medvedev.
The auction for the capacity of Nord Stream-2 will be held in 2017, and in autumn 2016 an auction for its laying is planned.
In late May, it was reported that Gazprom had no plans to take any action in connection with the intention of the Polish side to abandon long-term contracts for the supply of gas from Russia after 2022, said Deputy Chairman of the Board of Directors of the company Alexander Medvedev.
He recalled that in the first quarter of this year the Poles only increased by 42% the purchase of gas from the Russian Federation.
The deputy chairman of Gazprom added that the very fact of submitting a Polish PGNIG application to the Stockholm Arbitration Court does not mean the termination of negotiations.
Earlier, the Polish company appealed to the court to achieve a reduction in the purchase price for Russian gas.
Recall, the Polish government's authorized representative for gas and energy infrastructure Peter Naimsky said that the Polish authorities decided not to renew the contract with Gazprom for gas supplies.
The contract between Poland and Gazprom was signed in 1996 and expires in 2022.
In March, the Polish government's authorized representative for gas and energy infrastructure, Petr Naimskiy, stated that in six years his country could refuse to supply blue fuel from the east.
According to him, Warsaw plans to build a new terminal for the supply of liquefied natural gas Baltic Pipe, which will connect the country with the Norwegian shelf.
"Nord Stream-2" provides for the construction of two strings of a sea gas pipeline with an aggregate capacity of 55 billion cubic meters of gas per year from Russia to Germany along the bottom of the Baltic Sea.
The OSCE Special Monitoring Mission (CMM) increased the number of observers near the Ukrainian border with the Crimea.
This was reported by the first deputy head of SMM in Ukraine, Alexander Khug.
"I can confirm that the SMM has increased the number of observers in this field," he said, answering the journalists' question, RIA Novosti reports.
According to the OSCE, the situation on the Ukrainian-Crimean border is calm, incidents that affect security have not been recorded there.
Observers monitored what was happening at three checkpoints across the Russian-Ukrainian border.
A video of the Yak-42 passenger plane landing at the airport of Ufa appeared on the Internet, which rolled out beyond the runway for 400 meters and fell to the left wing.
The video was published by the TV channel "360".
The emergency occurred at 4.30 Moscow time.
Flight airline KrasAvia "arrived from Sochi.
They were quickly evacuated to a safe place, there were no casualties.
The aircraft itself was transported to the parking lot.
Ufa Airport operates normally.
Privolzhskoye Investigation Department on the transport of TFR engaged in finding out the reason for the hard landing of the liner.
The UN is investigating the use of chemical weapons in Syria.
The UN Special Commission is investigating the possible use of toxic gas in the rebel-held areas of the Syrian city of Aleppo.
All parties to the conflict deny the use of chlorine, but the United Nations special envoy for Syria Steffan de Mistura believes that the incident was undeniable.
Similar statements were made on the eve of the third round of the inter-Syrian talks, which should begin in late August in Geneva.
UN experts have launched an investigation into reports of the use of chemical weapons in the Syrian city of Aleppo.
The first information about the terrorist attack with the use of toxic gas, presumably chlorine, appeared on August 2.
Then the opposition said that in the area where the Russian military transport helicopter had been shot down the day before, the aircraft dropped bombs with poisonous substances, but in Moscow these charges were called a throw-in.
Later, the Ministry of Defense of Russia accused the opposition group "Nur al-Ad-Din al-Zinka" in the incident.
Soon it became known that there were two bombs filled with toxic gas.
This was confirmed by the BBC one of the victims.
"A few minutes later I smelled gas, started burning my eyes, it became difficult to breathe," the newspaper quotes the eyewitness.
As a result of the attack, at least 7 people were killed, 23 were hospitalized.
If the use of poison gas is confirmed by experts, the actions will be regarded as a war crime.
UN Special Envoy for Syria Staffan de Mistura told reporters: "Evidence that this really happened, a lot."
The inadmissibility of the use of chlorine for military purposes is prescribed in the Convention on the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons (CWC).
Despite the fact that all parties to the Syrian conflict deny the use of toxic gases, in 2015 human rights defenders recorded 35 cases of chlorine use by the Syrian army against the "moderate opposition".
The situation in Aleppo is complicated by the fact that shelling of its areas are conducted daily, and terrorists prevent the withdrawal of residents from the city.
According to Reuters, the UN expects from Russia to establish a "humanitarian pause" in hostilities.
The current regime of the daily three-hour lull in the organization is considered "insufficient to help almost 2 million civilians trapped in the trap."
Staff adviser Staffan de Mistura on humanitarian issues Jan Egeland said that a 48-hour ceasefire would be required every week to deliver aid and evacuate sick and wounded people from the city.
"We have to send bulk cargo with a column of trucks in the area where the roads are almost destroyed, and those that remain are mined," Mr. Egeland said. "But the Russian delegation confirmed its readiness to sit with us at the negotiating table."
Consultations in Geneva between representatives of the United States and Russia regarding the establishment of a "humanitarian pause" are continuing.
How did Russia open the "humanitarian windows" in Aleppo.
In the ongoing battle for Aleppo - the second largest Syrian city - on August 11 Russia announced the introduction of a three-hour ceasefire regime, which will operate daily from Thursday.
The creation of "humanitarian windows" is designed to provide conditions for the delivery of medicines, food and basic necessities to the city.
The decision of the Russian Defense Ministry was made against the backdrop of growing international pressure on Moscow demanding to curtail the military operation and facilitate the resumption of the negotiation process.
As a result of a series of explosions in the resorts of Thailand, killing four people.
Several explosions thundered in the south of Thailand on Friday morning.
As a result of the attack, four people were killed and 19 wounded.
The epicenter of the bombings fell on the city of Hua Hin.
Among the victims were ten foreigners, citizens of four states, Russians are not among them.
The responsibility for the incident has not yet been taken by any of the terrorist groups, but the Interior Ministry hastened to state that the Islamists are not involved in it.
Several people have already been detained on suspicion of organizing the explosions.
According to preliminary data from the local police, the scale and characteristics of the explosions indicate that they were directed against the country's military leaders.
Attacks occurred at popular tourist resorts, including Patong Beach in the Phuket area and the city of Hua Hin, Trang and Surat Thani.
After the arrival of the military junta to power in the country in 2014, economic growth fell from 7.2% (2012) to 2.8% (2015), but tourism remained one of the few industries that demonstrated development.
In 2016, the country has already been visited by 14 million people, which is 1.5 million more than in 2015.
The first suspects in the preparation and organization of attacks have already been detained, Colonel Chris Patanacharenen said.
It is too early to talk about goals, he added, but the Interior Ministry "is sure that they are not connected with international extremist groups."
It's too early to draw conclusions, "Mr. Patanacharen said."
But we know for sure that these incidents are not directly related to any types of terrorism, in fact they are local sabotage, and we are trying to identify the identities of those who stood behind them.
Explosions occurred on the birthday of the Queen of Thailand Sikrit.
The Thai junta considers the protection of the monarchy to be one of its main priorities, therefore, the incident is most likely directed against it.
According to the statement of General of Police Sitkhichai Srinipacharenorata, the bombs were detonated remotely with a difference of half an hour.
They were hidden inside the trees in busy streets filled with dining in restaurants by tourists.
It is already known that one of the four victims was a Thai girl who sold street food.
The identity of the other victims is still unknown, but it is known that they are residents of four foreign countries.
According to the Royal Thai police, among them four German citizens, three Dutch nationals, two Italian citizens and an Austrian citizen.
Russians are not among the victims of the explosions, the press service of Rosturizm reported.
Local experts also link the explosions with the August 7 referendum, in which 61.4% of the country's population supported the draft of the new constitution.
It was prepared by the commission for drafting the constitution, appointed by the military junta.
Voters needed to decide whether they supported the system in which the upper house of parliament was fully appointed by the military and had a significant role in the election of the country's prime minister.
The new system was adopted and will be tested for the first time in the 2017 parliamentary elections.
Recall, on May 22, 2014 in Thailand, a military coup took place under the leadership of army commander Prajuta Chan-Och.
This step, he said, was fueled by an unceasing political crisis and a lack of progress in the negotiations between the government and the opposition.
The military created the National Council for Peace and Order, imposed a curfew and censorship, dispersed the protesters and the upper house of parliament.
How Bangkok found himself in a state of emergency
The Government of Thailand, led by Prime Minister Yinglak Shinawatra in January 2014, announced the imposition of a state of emergency in Bangkok and the provinces adjacent to the capital.
The special regime lasted 60 days.
As in Bangkok, two explosions boomed.
In January 2014, two explosions occurred in the center of Bangkok near the Victory Monument, where one of the main protests took place, as a result of which 28 people were injured, five of them were in critical condition.
Explosions were carried out by unknown persons on motorcycles.
The authorities stepped up security measures in the capital and enlisted the military to protect the demonstrators.
In the Dry Log the development of conditions began.
As it became known to Kommersant, the government was offered to agree on the draft terms of the auction for the Sukhoi Log gold deposit with the preservation of two key restrictions.
The auction is proposed not to allow a company where 25% or more belongs to foreigners, and those applicants in whose capital there will not be a minimum of 25% of state participation.
Industry participants do not expect that the government will rewrite the terms, noting that many players do not risk taking on a complex and expensive project.
The auction can be announced in August and held in October.
The Ministry of Natural Resources submitted to the government a draft order and auction terms for the largest undeveloped gold ore deposit in Russia, Sukhoi Log (Irkutsk region, reserves and resources - 130 million ounces), two sources told Kommersant that are familiar with the situation.
The project was introduced on Wednesday evening, one of them specifies.
The Ministry of Natural Resources confirmed to Kommersant that the project was submitted to the government.
A representative of the subsoil use supervisor, Deputy Prime Minister Alexander Khloponin, told Kommersant that the project had not yet been submitted to the office of an official.
"The auction can be announced already in August, immediately after the release of the government's order, and taking into account the deadline for the collection of applications of potential participants (at least 45 days), the tender can be held already in October," the Ministry said.
According to Kommersant's information, the project retained two key requirements for potential participants, which were prescribed in the version that was sent for approval to the ministries and federal agencies in July (Kommersant has).
First - the presence in the capital of applicants at least 25% of the state.
The second is the denial of access to the auction for companies under the control of foreign investors, based on the understanding of FZ-57 on foreign investment in strategic societies.
According to the two articles of the Federal Law specified in the draft law, as August 2 has already written to Kommersant, the company, whose beneficiaries (25% of shares and above) are not tax residents of the Russian Federation or have dual citizenship, can not be admitted to the auction.
The government has the right to impose such restrictions, as the Dry Log refers to the subsoil of federal significance (reserves of over 50 tons of gold).
The Ministry of Natural Resources confirmed that the project "contains restrictions on the admission of foreign companies," but declined to comment on details until the government decreed.
The demand for state participation in the capital of the participants in the auction was put forward by the Irkutsk region, they said to Kommersant in December 2015, and was later confirmed by regional governor Sergei Levchenko, noting that it was sent to the Ministry of Natural Resources by his predecessor, Sergey Eroshchenko, "who had agreements on investment projects with Rostekh."
Who lobbied the restriction on the admission of foreigners, the interlocutors of "Kommersant" do not specify.
"But it's in the spirit of the times: do not give the same control in the largest gold deposit in Russia against the backdrop of Western sanctions," - says the source of Kommersant, who is familiar with the preparation of the auction.
The head of the Ministry of Natural Resources Sergey Donskoy said on August 1 that foreigners "can go to the consortium" if the candidates attract them "as a financial structure, technological partners."
The interlocutors of Kommersant believe that it is unlikely that the government will correct the conditions.
The main contender for Sukhoi Log in the industry is the consortium of Russia's largest gold miner PJSC Polyus, controlled by the son of Suleiman Kerimov Said, and Rostekha.
As Kommersant wrote, in July partners created a joint venture "SL Gold", where Polyus holds 51% of shares, Rostelekh RT-GR has 49%.
Rostekha declined to comment, Polyusa told Kommersant that it "is certainly interested in this asset" and has all the necessary competencies and resources for its development.
"But the final decision on the possibility and format of our participation will be taken after the announcement of the conditions," - added to the "Pole".
ALROSA may participate in the auction, but the decision is made by the Russian government, sources told Kommersant.
The possibility of participating in the development of the Dry Log declared the Russian GV Gold and the Canadian Kinross, which develops assets in Chukotka, while Polymetal and Nordgold, according to Kommersant, are not interested in the asset.
The head of the Union of Gold Miners of the Russian Federation, Sergey Kashuba, in December 2015 estimated Kommersant's investments in Sukhoi Log at $ 2.5-4 billion.
Most potential contenders scare away not only the amount of investments, but also the complexity of the project: serious additional exploration of reserves and technologies for working with complex ores are needed, Kommersant's interlocutors in the industry explain.
The largest M & A transaction started on the pension market - KIT Finance Pension Administrator launched a process of merging four controlled APFs.
As a result, NPF will be created on the basis of "Gazfond Pension Accumulation" with an accumulation of about 373 billion rubles.
The owner of 100% of the funds of KIT Finance Pension Administrator LLC announced the launch of the procedure for merging four pension funds - KIT Finance, Promagrofond, Heritage and Gazfond Pension Accumulations.
"The reorganization is carried out in agreement with the Central Bank, while observing the requirement of non-deterioration of the terms of the existing contracts," the company said.
The association is held on the basis of "Gazfond Pension Accumulation".
Oleg Bialoshitsky, general director of this NPF, says that the association of funds allows solving several tasks: expanding the geography of the presence, concentrating resources for development, reducing costs, replicating the best practices of each of the funds and optimizing corporate governance.
According to him, the approximate date for completing the consolidation is the second quarter of 2017.
As a result of the merger, NPF Gazfond Pension Accumulation will become the largest player in the OPS market.
As of March 31, the volume of pension accumulations of the merged funds exceeded 373 billion rubles.
As follows from the reports on the fund's website, the beneficiaries of their owner - "KIT Finance Pension Administrator" - are currently Anatoly Gavrilenko (through controlled companies owns 65%) and NPF Gazfond (35%).
However, the group itself launched the merger much later than its competitors.
So, under the control of the O1 group, APF "Future" absorbed the "Steel Fund" at the beginning of this year.
At present, this merged NPF joins the funds of Uralsib and the Russian Standard.
"Unification in a single structure, in addition to reducing costs, is necessary for solving structural problems," said Nikolay Sidorov, General Director of the NPF Future.
Active work on the consolidation of funds from April goes and in the pension group Safmar - NPF European, Education and Science and Regionfund should join the NPF Safmar before the end of this year.
In 2017 NPF "Doverie" will join them.
"The pooling of funds will give the effect of strengthening control over risks, operational processes and costs," the Safmar pension group noted.
The pause in the pool of funds that KIT Finance Pension Administrator has withstood, may be caused by several reasons, experts say.
Until recently, NPFs could not repurchase more than 40% of the volume of issuance of infrastructure bonds, in which the group was actively located.
After amending the CBR resolution in March this year for a number of issuers that meet the requirements of the regulator, such restrictions no longer exist.
If necessary, the entire issue can be redeemed by one major player, "- indicates the director of the group of ratings of financial institutions ACRA Yuri Nogin.
Several top managers of APFs from the top 15 on assets another possible reason for the pause are the division of spheres of influence and, as a consequence, personnel appointments in a single fund, which the owners of the group had to agree upon.
Yesterday Anatoly Gavrilenko was unavailable for comment.
At the request of "b" in NPF Gazfond also did not respond.
Although the consolidation of funds is a time-consuming and expensive undertaking, this decision will be justified at a long distance.
As the general director of the consulting company Pensioner Sergei Okolesnov notes, Gazfond Pension Accumulations has fewer outflows, the merger will stabilize the base of the other funds of the group.
At the same time, the more successful experience of NPF KIT Finance and Promagrofonda in constructing retail sales of OPS, as well as using more modern software, will be in demand.
The Central Bank's requirements for the NPF processes and personnel are constantly growing, therefore it is not appropriate to duplicate the infrastructure on four funds under a single investment policy, says Pavel Mitrofanov, Managing Director for Corporate Ratings, Expert RA.
"The effect of reducing the duplicating functions will unambiguously block the possible costs of the merger," Mr. Mitrofanov said.
The costs of the association of four funds, Sergei Okolesnov estimates at 30-50 million rubles.
"The cost of maintaining four funds of this size is about 400 million rubles a year, with consolidation in the medium term, the budget can be cut in half," Mr. Okolesnov said.
In the Russian hire came the good Disney movie "Pete and his dragon."
Beautiful species of New Zealand, a touching dragon, a heart-rending story and songs in the country style are enough to re-believe in old-fashioned magic, says ELENA KRAVTSUN.
The frightened kid was picked up by a dragon, who became a human cub and a tender nanny, and a devoted friend.
Pete calls his friend Elliot, in honor of the puppy from the book of fairy tales, plays with him in pursuit and falls asleep in an embrace.
Six years later, he, overgrown and in a loincloth, can not be distinguished from another clever forest sorceress - Mowgli.
In this form of Pete, and discovers the red-haired female huntsman Grace (Bryce Dallas Howard), while the Gavin brigade (Carl Urban), her husband's brother, aggressively fells the forest.
Now she will not only have to believe in the existence of the dragon, but also to help save him.
Pete undergoes an accelerated course of "being a man" surrounded by idyllic Americans who wear shirt-cowboys, a moral code in the heart and smile blindingly than in any advertisement.
No character looks or acts too horribly that the viewer really begins to hate or fear him.
Even Gavin, who discovered a hunt for an atypical inhabitant of the forests under his control, is far from an incorrigible villain.
The huge fluffy dragon also turned out not at all terrible, with the good face of a bulldog, the airliner wingspan and the ability to become invisible.
The dragon is funny, rumbles, purrs, even grunts and, fortunately, does not speak, but he always wants to pat, it is advantageously different from all the famous cinematic dragons.
The visual image of Elliott and his manner of holding up provide such a high degree of emotional involvement that in the most intense moments begin to sob desperately in three streams, not only the small spectators, but also the adults.
Amazingly good and young Oakes Figley in the role of Pete, torn between a possible family and a real friend.
And Robert Redford virtuously gives out the canonical grandfather, who would be glad to have literally every child.
How did the director David Lawrey manage to shoot a fantastically cute remake of the forgotten Disney film "Dragon Pete" in 1977, mediocre from the nose to the tip of the tail and remember only a mix of animation and feature films, and make him the most soulful film this summer?
It was only a miracle that helped.
In his picture Lowery from the original, in fact, took only two things: the orphan Pete and the dragon.
Overboard were musical numbers and most of the strange jokes.
In this kind fairy tale, features borrowed from "Bambi", "Alien" and many other dear children's pictures are read.
Studio Disney continues to successfully expand the gallery of high-quality remakes of the XXI century.
Of course, "Pete and the dragon" is not so stunningly beautiful as the "Jungle Book", and there is no skilful villain like Cate Blanchett as a stepmother in the new Cinderella.
But this naive film no less successfully helps to believe in miracles and good in the best Disney traditions.
By the way, the keys to the magical castle of Disney director Lowry will receive again - for artistic film adaptation of the story of "Peter Pan."
Spent in "Pete and his dragon" tandem David Lowry and screenwriter Toby Halbrooks entered the new ambitious project of a boy who does not grow up after the same story of James Barry.
RBC journalist Alexander Sokolov will be charged again
The lawyers of the journalist RBC Alexander Sokolov, accused of organizing the activities of the extremist structure, said that the prosecutor's office found shortcomings in the case of their client.
The fact that the prosecutor's office made such a presentation, we learned from the investigators just yesterday.
We had planned to participate in the hearing on the issue of restricting the familiarization with the materials of the criminal case, but the meeting did not take place, and the investigators informed us about the presentation made by the prosecutor's office, "the lawyer Olga Dinze cites RBC.
She said that the prosecutor's office told the investigators that the case and the materials collected were inconsistent.
Now the investigators will have to remove the gaps in the evidence base and present a new accusation to Alexander Sokolov.
Either another article of the Criminal Code (CC) will appear in the case, or it will remain the same, but with other arguments and new evidence, Ms. Dinze clarifies.
As reported by "Kommersant", Alexander Sokolov was arrested on July 29, 2015.
In June this year, it was reported that the investigation excluded statements from the RBC journalist about "loosening the political situation towards instability" and "overthrowing power illegally."
Correspondent "Kommersantoboscosport" ALEXANDER ZILBERT lived the life of an Olympian in the Olympic Village, inspected the house of the Russian team, had lunch at the local canteen and even passed the WADA test thereafter.
It seems that life does not stop here for a second.
Even at night.
The last starts sometimes end in midnight, after which the athletes need an hour and a half or two to return to the Olympic Village.
In addition, without stopping settling and eviction from the village, as some athletes finish their performances and leave Brazil, and some, on the contrary, only come here.
Well, at 7:30 in the morning, one of the temporary tents stretches the heads of all the Olympic delegations.
At these meetings, we usually discuss some operational issues of everyday life, "says Igor Kazikov, head of the sport delegation of the Russian Olympic team," Despite the fact that the house in which ours were located was considered to be one of the first and demonstrated to all the inspectors, even in it there are always some shortcomings.
Then with hot water problems, then, sorry, with the toilet.
We fought for purity for a long time.
At first, no one came to clean up.
Then the clinics began to come, but only popshikayut some substance on the floor, and that's it.
The floors they have, you see, are some kind of innovative.
Like, you can not wash them like a human.
Yes we know these floors - laminate ordinary!
In general, they have succeeded in changing the cleaning company and now everything is OK with this.
The Olympic Village is such Southern Butovo, a sleeping area fenced on one side by mountains, on the other - by an impressive moat, sometimes flooded with water.
Well and for reliability still there is on all perimeter a two-meter iron fence, along which the submachine gunners are strolling.
In total, the village can accommodate up to 17 thousand people in 3604 apartments located in 31 houses.
On one of the 18-story buildings hangs a huge Russian flag - this house is completely given to the needs of our team.
Having looked at a small foyer at the entrance, you can immediately determine what problems, apparently, are for the domestic team the most urgent.
There are two ads at the front desk: the printed "Please do not throw paper to the toilet!" And by hand "I'll accept the badges as a gift.
The rack itself is buried in booklets.
Their cheerful coloring contrasts with the titles of the brochures: "Memorandum on infectious diseases for travelers to Rio de Janeiro", "First aid for drowning, foreign body entry into the respiratory tract, loss of consciousness - the stages of cardiopulmonary resuscitation," "First aid for burns, heat stroke, fractures and bleeding."
The text inside is generally encouraging.
For example, this: "Infection is accompanied by a fever and a subsequent cure.
However, not everyone is waiting for a favorable outcome.
Of course, the location of the Russian team has a medical center, which at any time is ready to provide residents of the house with qualified help, including a relaxing and sport massage.
Opposite the medical center is the headquarters of our delegation.
Next to the door is an inspiring poster "In spite of everything, we will win!".
And, of course, poetry:
All arguments are absolute nonsense!
They believe in only those who fear.
Let less than us, the sweeter is the taste of victories, Russia will not back down, it will not break!
And for an even greater uplift of the spirit, an announcement hangs: "Dear brothers and sisters!
With the blessing of His Holiness Patriarch Kirill of Moscow and All Russia, Archpriest Andrei Alekseev carries out spiritual care for the athletes of the Russian Olympic team.
You can order a moleben and other services by phone ...
In general, on the territory of the village there is a Center for Meditations and Religious Rites for representatives of all faiths.
Well, the Russians, it turns out, in a privileged position - they have their own chapel.
In connection with the load of the elevator from the ninth floor to the fourth, I decided to go down the stairs, which is recommended to use during a fire.
And in the dark he stumbled over the bodies lying on her.
Apparently, they were sleeping employees of a new cleaning company.
I believe, in readiness at any time to rush to wash innovative floors, they decided to arrange a quiet hour directly on the cold stairs.
On the fourth floor, I was met by a meeting with a longtime acquaintance - Vitaly Fedorovich Dubko, the trainer of our trampolines, who led them to Olympic gold 16 years ago in Sydney.
He with the pupil, the European champion Yana Pavlova, kindly agreed to show his rooms.
Honorable by and large, there is nothing, - Honored coach of Russia shares his impressions. - We live by two, the beds, of course, almost end-to-end, but this is uncritical.
The bathroom is one for four, but spacious.
The closet, of course, is ridiculous, of fabric, it does not cause trust, but you can put things.
"No, well, you're figuring out, they've run out of tea!" - Svetlana Kuznetsova, a tennis player, greets me, greeted by me in the main dining room.
The main one is called at least because it is a space of 2.7 thousand square meters and is ready to accept 5 thousand visitors simultaneously.
Here they give out 60,000 servings per day absolutely free of charge.
The menu options are as follows: "Best of Brazil", "World Cuisines", "Asian Dishes" and "Pizza, Pasta".
The last option, as I podglyadel, is very popular with our volleyball players.
In this case, say, I did not find any soups in any department of the giant restaurant.
What kind of soups? "Kuznetsova says," No tea! "
It's good that I took the Chinese with me, the custard.
And a kettle.
But in general, so that you understand, we have even worse food on the courts.
Here, at least, something can be chosen, despite the unbearable monotony.
I personally picked cod and steamed meatballs in tomato sauce.
Next to each dish is a plate with its name in three languages - English, French and Portuguese, as well as indicating the nutritional value of the product and the presence of allergens in it.
Well, quite, I admit, was edible.
I do not even understand why this line is worth all the time in the local McDonald's.
Well-fed, relaxed, we can say "lukewarm" athletes at the exit from the restaurant are waiting for our best friends - representatives of the World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA).
They enticed me with a deftly - quiz, the winner of which gets a T-shirt.
Provoke, you can say!
To receive a gift, you must correctly answer at least eight questions out of ten.
There are questions in Russian! - the girl from WADA attacked me.
But not on that attacked.
That is, I was harnessed in a patriotic outburst, naturally.
The situation worsened already on the second question: "If I received a notification of doping control, should I immediately go to the doping control point?"
I decided on option B: "No - I have one hour."
I lost my vigilance, so to speak.
I forgot that WADA does not have to wait for relief.
In general, we must immediately appear.
Well, at the seventh stage of the quiz, my position became quite critical.
I somehow thought that if it was difficult for me to follow a balanced diet because of my busy schedule (and, incidentally, it's difficult for me!), I can use bioadditives to get "additional nutrients to increase my productivity."
But no, they do not allow!
More precisely, the answer is formulated in such a way that it is strictly forbidden, but strongly, in several sentences dissuade.
Dishonest plays it WADA!
Well, how are things going, Russia? "- Mockingly inquires the leading quiz.
There is nowhere to retreat - behind Yefimov, Isinbayev and all our bloodless team.
So I concentrated and from the last strength I won an unhappy T-shirt.
Know, as they say, ours!
In a victorious mood, I wandered into the fitness center next door.
I got carried away by counting the simulators.
I lost it by 250.
I was surprised to note that in this conglomeration of racetracks, not a single Russian athlete was found.
But maybe it's right?
Let him train those who can not play!
But in the nearby polyclinic, one of our guy was sitting.
In line to the oculist.
Do not worry, not the shooter.
In the polyclinic, however, as well as throughout the village, wherever you spit, the device for issuing condoms hangs.
An inspiring appeal is inscribed on it: "Celebrate with a condom!"
Then it remains only to twist the piece of iron reminding the handle of the door lock, and the condom, made of natural latex of the Amazon, readily falls out of the apparatus.
I took one for my memory.
From athletes will not lose - they were brought by their 450 thousand.
Just for the festive and idle pastime in the Olympic Village there is a whole entertainment center.
Near him, just in case, there is a cognitive tablet, reminding that the International Olympic Committee in various ways spends $ 3.25 million a day on athletes.
The center is flooded with video games, billiard and tennis tables, table football and hockey and some strange devices, similar to video simulators.
What is this? - I'm interested in a friend in the form of the Ukrainian team, which actively uses a strange toy.
Could, of course, just say that he does not want to talk with a man in the form of the Russian national team, and that's it.
Here, incidentally, for some strange coincidence in the eyes ripples from the guys in zhovto-blakitnom.
The most playing team, it turns out.
To get around the whole village, looking into each corner of it, you need at least three hours.
But if you walk and not drive electric cars, you will also have a Canadian team with a moose at the entrance and a tent with a recovery bath, a ticket office, a laundry, a dry-cleaner's, a hairdresser's, a flower shop, a convenience store, and a post with unique stamps (only you can not wait out of the Chinese philatelists anyway), and a bank and a lost and lost kiosk.
And late at night, exhausted, you will sit down near an olive tree, hung with colorful ribbons in memory of the friends who left this world and the relatives of athletes.
And under the accompaniment of a machine, randomly spraying liquid to kill insects, think of the eternal.
That is about the Olympic movement.
Which in this village does not stop for a minute.
While the rest of the Russian world watched with bated breath, as the Australians nearly punished the American Dream Team, the real fans went to the network.
Few people know: the news that Inna Deriglazova won gold in a rapier at the XXXI Olympic Games, I got first.
Maybe I'm even the only Muscovite who saw how this happened - apart from those, of course, who were watching the competition in Carioca that evening.
This can only be understood by a true fan.
Just imagine: the dead Moscow night.
Neighbors from below - as always to one o'clock in the morning - wake up and begin without malice, but very loudly shout at each other.
And menacingly move furniture.
In the kitchen there is a tap - there is no time to go to the market and buy a new one, as the plumber asked.
In the television schedule, nothing is clear, so I just kept control of the channels "Match", "First" and just in case "Russia" - although it is almost pointless.
"Russia" - the birthplace of repetition, all the sports there for some reason in the record.
There serials live on air.
Hope, of course, on the "Match" - the whole evening a young man shouted in newscasts first about the great semifinal of Deriglazov - Shanaev, then about the upcoming battle for gold.
It would be logical to show.
But instead, basketball - USA - Australia.
By the way, I can not say anything negative about this decision.
Australians were on equal terms, the first half generally won.
They put the Americans out of their own greatness into place.
As a result, still lost, but, as they say now, the basketball Olympic tournament will not be the same.
It's all good, but the battle with Di Francisca is approaching, but on the screen without changes.
In a light panic I start flipping through the channels.
This feeling, the second time in a row twist.
Okay, let's go deep into the cable.
None of the thematic "matches" fencing.
And, according to my feelings, the battle is about to begin.
Text and tweet-translation of some sports sites do not suit me.
Convulsive surfing gives an unexpected, but brilliant result.
On the site of the "First", it turns out, there is a direct technical broadcast of all the competitions that take place at this point in time.
I click on fencing, I get a duel for gold.
Deriglazov perfectly counterattacks, goes forward on points - and obviously begins to delay time.
The Italian wins back the entire gap.
Our one point ahead, to the end a little more than two seconds.
Di Francisca rushes to Deriglazov, she recoils, time ends, the Italian strikes.
Victory!
A couple of seconds, the Olympic messenger on the phone reports the fourth gold medal.
It turns out that I was the first who saw it with my own eyes.
Mad, faithful, involved.
The Spiritual Administration of Muslims (DUM) of Tatarstan refuses to use the Russian language in mosques.
Yesterday the plenum of the DUM ordered its imams to conduct Friday sermons only in Tatar, in order to compel young Tatars to "study their native language."
The administration states that this "in no case infringes" the rights of Muslims of other nationalities.
Some mosques in Kazan complain that the Tatar language is not understood by up to 60% of the parishioners, among them foreign students, migrants and Tatars themselves.
The Imams fear that their preaching in the Tatar "will not reach the whole audience."
Yesterday, the Plenum of the DUM of Tatarstan unanimously decided to hold Friday sermons in the mosques of the republic only in the Tatar language.
As Mufti of Tatarstan Kamil Samigullin said, this should be an incentive for young Tatars "to learn their native language."
"For those who say that it is" hard ", in every big mosque we intend to organize lessons of the Tatar language absolutely free of charge," Mr. Samigullin promised.
He added that "the decision has already entered into force" and today in all mosques the sermons "must already be in the Tatar language".
He recalled that the DUM of Tatarstan publishes the magazine "Shura" with typical sermons in the Tatar language.
The Imam, who does not speak Tatar well enough, "can thoroughly prepare for them".
The DUM of Tatarstan unites more than a thousand parishes in all municipalities of the republic.
According to the mufti, in the districts Friday sermons are conducted exclusively in the Tatar language.
At the same time in Kazan, a number of mosques used to be predominantly Russian.
In particular, as pointed out by the mufti, it was practiced in the Barnaul mosque, Zakabannaya and "Eniler".
However, Mr. Mukhametshin stressed, the leadership sets the task that all students should possess both state languages of the republic, regardless of nationality.
"There can be no question of any infringement of non-Muslim Muslims," Mr. Mukhametshin stressed, explaining that the sermon "is not an obligatory, the main part of prayer."
At the same time, Namaz will continue to be read in Arabic, lectures and lessons will be kept in mosques in Russian.
At the same time, Rafik Mukhametshin told Kommersant that there was no serious threat of expelling the Tatar language from the mosques.
In addition to Russian and Tatar, other languages, for example, Uzbek or Tajik, according to his information, are not used in sermons in the republic.
The decision of the Duma was actively supported by the Executive Committee of the World Congress of Tatars (CGT).
The head of the VKT executive committee, Rinat Zakirov, told Kommersant: "Mosques are an important part of our national life."
It would be sad if the Tatar language had left this sphere.
He noted that the conduct of sermons only in the Tatar language "the desire of the imams themselves," but in the executive committee of the CGT "consider this right."
The Imams interviewed by Kommersant who conducted the sermons in Russian are ready to execute the decision of the DUM, but they believe that the parishioners will have difficulty understanding clergymen.
Tatars and Russians go to the mosque.
Many do not understand the language.
They, of course, will be tugovato.
"We will have to rebuild," says Farahat Mavleddinov, imam of the Burnaev Mosque.
According to him, sermons in Russian are closer even to many Tatars, since "Russian and in schools, and in kindergartens, on radio - everywhere from the beginning."
However, he believes that the mosque will be able to continue the lessons and lectures in Russian, which are held on other days.
We rely on Allah.
Allah will show a way out of this situation, "he concluded.
But about 60% of us do not know the Tatar language.
They are Uzbeks, Tajiks, and Azerbaijanis.
Many foreign students come to us: Africans, Arabs.
"That's why we switched to Russian for four years," the imam said.
He believes that in the Tatar language, sermons will "reach a narrower range and will not reach the entire audience."
But we will obey the decision of the plenum.
Just the result of the sermons will be different.
But time will tell.
"For me, for example, it will only be easier, because the Tatar language is my native language," concluded Gabdulla Galiullin.
The former director of the FSIN was put on trial
The Moscow prosecutor's office approved the indictment on the criminal investigation into the criminal investigation into the budget of the Federal Penitentiary Service (FSIN) of Russia.
Before the trial, ex-head of the prison department Alexander Reymer and his deputy, who caused FSIN damages worth more than 2.7 billion rubles.
The capital prosecutor's office sent a criminal case against the former director of the FSIN of Russia, Alexander Reimer, his former deputy Nikolay Krivolapov, and the director of the FSUE "Information and Technical Support and Communication Center of the Federal Service for the Execution of Punishments" (FSUE CITOS), Viktor Defendinov, to the Zamoskvoretsky District Court.
Depending on the role and degree of participation in the commission of crimes, they are accused by the GSS of the Russian Federation for the violation of Article 3 of Article 285 of the Criminal Code of the Russian Federation (abuse of official powers resulting in grave consequences), Part 4, Article 159 of the Criminal Code (fraud committed using his official position as part of an organized group, on a large scale).
In addition, Krivolapov is charged under part 1 of Article 222 of the Criminal Code (illegal acquisition and storage of ammunition).
According to the version of the TFR, in 2010-2012 these individuals fraudulently abducted from the state treasury budget funds allocated by the Federal Penitentiary Service to provide the system with electronic monitoring systems of controlled entities, the so-called electronic bracelets.
In order to steal budget money, the group members developed a scheme according to which the company controlled by it, FGUP CITOS, with which the relevant state contracts were concluded, manufactured technical control and surveillance equipment, including electronic bracelets, and sold at prices that were inflated several times.
Despite the fact that FGUP CITOS did not have production equipment, buildings, facilities for locating production facilities that allow creating a complete cycle of production of electronic bracelets, five state contracts worth more than 3.3 billion rubles were signed between him and the Federal Penitentiary Service of Russia.
As a result of this scheme, more than 2 billion rubles were on the accounts of the FSUE Samara branch, of which 1.2 billion rubles was stolen.
According to the investigation, more than 140 million rubles of cash money was personally received by Mr. Reimer in his office from one of the accomplices, a criminal case against which was allocated to a separate proceeding.
Nikolai Krivolapov, who participated in the machinations, found unknown sources of ammunition for the award pistol, which allowed him to show additional charges.
In this case, the volume of which was 133 volumes, the FSIN to the defendants filed an action for compensation of material damage in the amount of 2.7 billion rubles.
Footballer Hakan Shukyur suspected of involvement in the putsch.
The Turkish authorities issued a warrant for the arrest of a former football player and then a member of Parliament Hakan Shukur and conducted searches in his family's two homes.
Turkish football star of the 1990's - early 2000's attacker Hakan Shukyur is wanted by the authorities in connection with the attempted coup d'état that took place last month.
The forward, who finished his sports career in 2008, is accused of belonging to an "armed terrorist group".
It is about the movement "Hizmet" - a society associated with the famous Turkish religious figure and oppositionist Fethullah Gülen.
It was his president, Erdogan, who was the organizer of the attempted military coup that took place on July 15.
Fethullah Gülen lives in the US, the Turkish authorities demand his extradition.
According to local media, today was issued a warrant for the arrest of Hakan Shukyur, police have already conducted searches in two houses that belong to the family of the former football player.
According to the investigators, in addition to Hakan Shukyur, his father also belonged to the organization of Gülen's Fethullah.
However, neither the former football player nor his relatives were there.
Now he and his family live in the USA.
When he was a football player, Hakan Shukur defended the colors of several Turkish clubs and played for the national team of the country.
He spent most of his career in the Galatasaray.
In the list of foreign clubs are listed Italian "Torino", "Inter" and "Palermo", as well as the English "Blackburn".
True, he did not spend more than one season in either of them.
Hakan Shukyur still remains the most productive striker of the national team of Turkey: he has 112 matches for the national team and 51 goals scored.
In 2013, Hakan Shukur left his post because of the beginning of corruption investigation around the party of Erdogan and his closest associates.
According to the Turkish newspaper Hurriyet, on July 25 in Turkey, arrest warrants were issued for at least 42 journalists.
They are accused of promoting a military coup and relations with the opposition Islamic preacher Fethullah Gülen, who live in the United States.
Given the severity of the charges, media employees can wait for long prison terms - from ten years to several life imprisonments.
Yegor Konchalovsky wants to create a network of cinemas only for domestic films.
"I would create a network of cinemas exclusively for Russian cinema, tickets for which cost 2-3 times less than for foreign films," he said.
Mr. Konchalovsky notes that it is difficult for Russian films to compete for the viewer with large Hollywood tapes.
In our country, more than 100 pictures are made every year, of which up to screens reaches an average of 20-25 tapes.
"And even it is very difficult for them to compete with" Transformers "and" Iron Man ", in the advancement of which huge budgets are uploaded," the filmmaker said.
Recall, on July 1 in the Crimea, the All-Russian Youth Educational Forum "Tavrida" began its work.
Among the participants there are teachers of creative professions and young professionals of various creative and humanitarian directions from all over Russia and a number of countries of near and far abroad.
British women won Olympic gold in academic rowing in the deuce
Britons Helen Glover and Heather Stanning won Olympic gold in academic rowing in deuces.
Silver took New Zealander Rebecca Scone and Genevieve Beren, the third place was taken by Anne Anderson and Hedwig Rasmussen from Denmark.
Ъ-News - The new general contractor promises to hand over "Zenit-Arena" by December 26.
The new general contractor of the stadium under construction in St. Petersburg, which is to host the matches of the Confederations Cup-2017 and the 2018 FIFA World Cup, Metrostroy promises to hand over the arena by December 26, RIA Novosti reports with reference to the head of the temporary commission of the Federation Council to prepare for the 2018 FIFA World Cup Vadim Tulipanov.
"Today we together with the Minister of Sports of Russia Vitaly Mutko visited the construction site, the general director of Metrostroi Vadim Alexandrov was with us.
He said that he would hand over the stadium by December 26.
This is a serious Petersburg company, it never breaks the deadlines.
Vitaly Mutko and I were satisfied with what we saw and heard, "- the agency's interlocutor said.
Earlier Vitaly Mutko arrived in St. Petersburg to inspect the venue of the upcoming large-scale competitions.
Mr. Tyulpanov also noted that the Commission of the Council of Federation headed by him will continue monitoring the progress of the stadium construction and will regularly visit the construction site.
It should be reminded that it became known yesterday that Metrostroy Company will complete the construction of Zenit Arena, the contract value will be about 5.4 billion rubles, the same company won bids for landscaping around the stadium, the contract cost 2.4 billion rubles. Contracts with Transstroy Corporation, Transstroy-SPb Engineering Corporation and Transstroy Engineering Corporation were terminated.
Two more companies were not allowed to fight for the construction of the stadium.
Read more about the selection of a new general contractor in the material "Kommersant" "Metrostroy" was allowed on the field. "
In Miass (Chelyabinsk region), the lawyer of former vice-governor Nikolai Sandakov Konstantin Akulich was detained.
As reported by "Yuzhny Ural" another lawyer of the accused - Sergei Kolosovsky, Konstantin Akulich was summoned to the investigation department of the Miass SCR for bringing charges on the case of a year ago on the beating.
Then Konstantin Akulich went to the scene of the accident as a lawyer to help one of its participants.
"Initially, it was instituted against unidentified persons." Now, when he began to defend Nikolai Sandakov, it turned out that it was Akulich, "says Sergei Kolosovsky.
Konstantin Akulich became the lawyer of the ex-deputy governor in early August.
At the same time, half an hour before the call of a lawyer in the Miass RTS, the defense was notified that on Monday the deadline for acquaintance with the materials of the fraud case expiring in which Nikolay Sandakova is accused.
Recall, in relation to Nikolai Sandakova initiated two criminal cases.
In the first (fraud case) he is charged with a promise for 1.5 million rubles to facilitate the appointment of the head of the administration of Ozersk, Yevgeny Tarasov, to the post of Mayor of Magnitogorsk.
The second criminal case concerns a bribe, which Nikolai Sandakov allegedly received from Igor Kalugin, director of the Python Private Enterprise, in the form of illegal gratuitous rendering of services of a property nature in the amount of at least 1.3 million rubles.
Read more about the case of Mr. Sandakova in the material "Kommersant" "The former vice-governor demands the unification of his affairs."
The Russian Copper Company (RMK) is ready to take on social responsibility and pay more attention to the environmental aspects of its business.
This is confirmed, for example, by the fact that RMK undertook the modernization of one of the oldest and environmentally "dirty" enterprises of the country - the Karabash copper smelter.
The Karabash copper smelter was founded by an English joint-stock company led by Leslie Urquhart in 1910.
In Soviet times, it was a significant industrial enterprise for the country's economy, and it actually provided vital activity for the whole city.
However, in the 1990s, due to financial problems, production was stopped, which entailed serious social problems in Karabash.
In 1998, it was decided to resume work of the Karabash copper smelter.
It was also necessary to solve one of the main problems of the Karabash plant - the ecological one.
By the beginning of the 2000s Karabash was already notorious as a zone of ecological disaster.
The situation on "Karabashmedi" began to change in 2004, after the enterprise passed under the management of the Russian copper company.
The company began to modernize production, which gradually began to reduce the environmental burden on the environment.
This was recently noted by the Governor of the Chelyabinsk Region, Boris Dubrovsky, who visited Karabashmed in the early days of July.
The head of the South Urals called the changes that have taken place with the company since Karabashmed moved to the RMK group.
The main event for the modernization of Karabashmedi in recent years has been the construction of a new sulfuric acid shop, which allows to capture up to 99.9% of metallurgical gases.
According to the president of the Russian copper company Vsevolod Levin, the volume of investments in this project amounted to about 7 billion rubles.
The next stage of modernization of "Karabashmed" CJSC is the reconstruction of converter conversion.
Replacement of three converters, dusters, flue duct is planned for the end of 2017.
The project cost is 2.5 billion rubles.
In addition, at the end of 2016 it is planned to launch a new workshop for the purification of industrial effluents worth 1 billion rubles.
In turn, the amount of taxes deducted to the budget of the city of Karabash will also grow.
For the entire period of the Tomino GOK project implementation - from the beginning of construction to the commissioning of the second stage - the federal treasury will receive 8.9 billion rubles.
And after the commissioning of GOK into operation, the receipt of taxes to budgets of all levels may amount to 80.9 billion rubles.
During the year of production in the Varna region, 346.3 million rubles were transferred to budgets of different levels.
And this is for the first year.
"The longer a business successfully operates, the amount of deductions may be greater," added Valery Ulanovsky.
In the RMK clarified that in 2015, tax deductions from the Mikheevsky GOK approached 1 billion rubles.
However, the participation of RMK's enterprises in the life and development of their territories is not limited to tax deductions.
The enterprises of the RMK help to repair and maintain schools, kindergartens, sports facilities, build cultural and entertainment facilities, and landscaping.
In 2016, one of the largest social projects of the Russian Copper Company in Karabash was major repairs, and in fact - almost a complete reconstruction of the kindergarten N9 for 95 pupils.
The building, built in 1960, was in an emergency condition.
Also on the territory of the "RMK Arena" there will be a landscaped park with an artificial pond, underground and overground parking lots for 600 cars, cafes and sports shops.
"RMK Arena" will allow to conduct spectacular professional sports events of international level.
But the main task of this project is to make physical education and sports in comfortable conditions accessible to Chelyabinsk residents, first of all for children.
Place in the first row on the stunning architecture of the Central Library of Los Angeles
Learn more about the history of the Central Library in the business district, while the Society of Architectural Historians / branch in Southern California conducts an art exhibition with Arnold Schwartzman and Stephen Guy, authors of the new book "The Central Library of Los Angeles: History of its art and architecture."
Guy and Shwartzman are going to discuss and share the design images of Bertram Goodhugh's 1926 year, as well as the restoration and additions of 1993 from hardy Holtzman Pfeiffer Associates.
The salon is open from 2 days to 4 days on August 21 at Salle Moderne in the Art-Deco Southwest School of Law (formerly Bullocks Wilshire), 3050 Wilshire Blvd.
Participants can stroll through the central hall, rooms of certain periods, the Cactus Lounge and the Tea Room.
Advance booking is required, SAH / SCC members - $ 15, non-members - $ 25.
Open, industrial loft in DTLA gets a cozy new look
Celebrate the 90th birthday of the Central Library of Los Angeles with - what else? - a new book
Employees of the Sandholm refugee center in Denmark suspected that teenagers living in it are engaged in prostitution.
This is on Thursday, August 11, reports The Local.
According to him, some teenagers told the staff of the institution that "someone in Copenhagen is organizing prostitution."
As the newspaper notes, doubts of shelter workers arose after the Swedish newspaper Sydsvenkan told about similar stories in Malmö.
In 2015, the European Union was hit by a crisis due to the influx of refugees from countries in Africa and the Middle East.
Denmark has placed on its territory more than 20 thousand of them.
Near the coast of the Cape Cod Peninsula (USA), a fisher caught a rare blue lobster.
The man discovered a crustacean among others caught in his underwater trap, reports ABC News.
The American plans to transfer it to the local aquarium.
Lobster weighs about a kilogram.
It is noted that Wayne Nickerson (Wayne Nickerson) has been fishing lobsters for the last 35 years.
According to his wife, for the first time in his career, a man caught a blue lobster in 1990.
According to ABC News, crustaceans acquire blue or blue color as a result of genetic changes.
In April 2016 it became known that the fishermen caught a copy of the rarest species of deep-sea sharks Megachasma pelagios (a large-sized shark) off the coast of Japan.
A five-meter animal weighs about a ton.
The military of the Black Sea Fleet conducted the testing of anti-subversive and sabotage defenses in the Black Sea.
This was reported to RIA Novosti by Igor Dygalo, spokesman for the Defense Ministry's press service for the Navy.
Training was conducted in the framework of the first stage of exercises on special types of support for the Navy.
"Servicemen of anti-subversive subversive units have worked out anti-subversive defenses of the point of basing of the fleet forces on the coast and adjacent marine waters of the Black Sea," said Dygalo.
About 400 servicemen, more than 10 military equipment, including Mi-8 and Ka-27 helicopters, Graichonok anti-sabotage boats and Raptor high-speed patrol boats participated in the exercise.
In the course of maneuvers, the forces of brand-hungry ships using hydroacoustic means discovered conditional diversionary groups and repulsed the attack of "underwater saboteurs" from the sea to the Black Sea Fleet's base.
A landing-assault group landed from the Ka-27 helicopter, which blocked and destroyed the enemy's saboteurs.
After that, the minesweepers of the Black Sea Fleet went out into the sea to search for mines.
Dygalo said that "these exercises of the Black Sea Fleet are conducted in accordance with the plan for the preparation and conduct of the upcoming command post exercise" Kavkaz-2016 "and the training plan for the Navy."
From July 18 to July 30, Ukraine and the United States conducted joint military exercises of the Sea Breeze 2016 fleets on the Black Sea.
A total of about four thousand people from 16 countries took part in the maneuvers.
In the sea component, more than 25 ships, boats and vessels of the USA, Turkey, Romania and Ukraine were involved.
Court in the suburbs arrested his father for killing his adopted daughter: Investigation and court: Power structures: Lenta.ru
Ozersky City Court of the Moscow region sanctioned the arrest of Roman Chernikov, who confessed to the murder of his six-year-old adopted daughter.
On this Thursday, August 11, according to the city news agency "Moscow", said court spokeswoman Nina Zhilkina.
"The court granted the petition of the investigating authorities to elect a preventive measure against Chernikov in the form of detention for two months," she said.
Chernikov will be under arrest until 9 October.
August 11 management of the TFR for the Moscow region reported that the adoptive parents and grandmother of the six-year-old girl gave confessions in her murder.
In particular, Roman Chernikov reported that he committed the murder of a child on one of the days of April 2016 from personal hostile attitudes, being at home in a state of intoxication.
Then, in order to conceal the child's body, he burned it and scattered the remains with his wife in a large area.
In the evening of August 9, during an interrogation with the investigator, the foster parents reported that in April 2016 a six-year-old child drowned in a bath.
For a long time they managed to hide from all the disappearance of the girl, but in August, having learned that they would soon have to come to their home guardians, they decided to tell everyone that the child was gone.
Parents said that on August 6, their adopted daughter left the territory of the house where they lived as a family and disappeared.
Pope Francis of France shared a meal in the Vatican with refugees from Syria.
On Thursday, August 11, said the head of the printing service of the Holy See Greg Burke, reports CTV News.
Migrants arrived at the invitation of the pontiff from the Greek island of Lesbos.
Lunch was held in the Vatican House of St. Martha, where there are personal apartments of Francis.
It is noted that the meal was attended by two groups of Syrian refugees, who on April 16 visited the pontiff in Greece.
Then on the way back to the Vatican, he took on board his aircraft 12 migrants, including six children.
In June, the second group of Syrians arrived.
The Holy See took care of them.
"The pope brought toys and gifts to children, they gave him their drawings in return. Both children and adults were able to talk today with the pontiff about the first days of their life in Italy," Burke said.
During his April visit, the Pope called the migration crisis that broke out in Europe in 2015, "the greatest catastrophe since World War II."
Greece is one of the countries through which the most migrants get to Europe.
According to the Greek authorities, in 2015 a total of 800,000 people moved from Turkey to Greek-owned islands in the Aegean Sea.
At the same time, Lesbos became the main transit point for refugees on the way to the EU.
Traffic jams over 40 kilometers long were formed in Japan on the first day of short summer holidays.
On Thursday, August 11, the information center of the country's traffic, reports RIA Novosti.
So, in the area of Tochigi Prefecture, the traffic jam stretched for 43 kilometers, in Kanagawa Prefecture - 33 kilometers.
As the agency notes, the trains are half full, air tickets on the domestic routes are completely sold out.
Since August 11, 2016 in Japan is celebrated the Mountain Day, the holiday is officially considered a day off.
After that, many Japanese people go to their native cities for a few days.
A short vacation with the Japanese will last at least until Tuesday next week, then a new peak of traffic congestion is expected.
In Japan it is considered a bad form to take a full vacation.
By law, citizens are supposed to rest 18 days a year, but most of them are limited to a week.
The flagship boutique of the chain of luxury clothing stores and accessories Frame Moscow opened after the renovation with a completely updated design and assortment, the representative of the network told Lente.ru.
In the design of the space, only natural materials were used - nuts, brass, granite and tinted glass in the tone of the tree, - said the representative of Frame.
Multimedia showcases balance on the border between tradition and advanced technologies.
In the Frame Moscow multi-brands there are Marol shirts, Serapian handbags and briefcases, designer Jacob Cohen jeans, Tateossian cufflinks and bracelets, Moorer jackets and Barrett shoes.
In addition, the network is the exclusive distributor of the company for tailoring men's suits Atelier Portofino in Russia and owns monobrand boutiques Barrett and Jacob Cohen.
French fashion house Louis Vuitton September 17, 2016 will open a new boutique in St. Petersburg.
It will replace the first store of the house, opened in this city in 2007.
A new boutique will be located on Nevsky Prospekt, a representative of the company told "Lente.ru".
We are happy to announce the opening of a new store in St. Petersburg, "said Alessandro Valenti, President of Louis Vuitton for Northern Europe, Middle East and Africa.
Buyers will be able to personalize their purchases with hot stamping technology: in honor of the opening, a cliché with a view of St. Petersburg is made, which complements the initials of the client.
At the end of the XIX century he created luggage for the Russian aristocracy - Grand Duke Alexander Romanov, Princess Trubetskoi and the Imperial Family.
Currently produces clothes, shoes, accessories, jewelry and watches, as well as renewed the production of perfumes.
The company is part of the international holding company LVMH.
The pensioner turned the stepladder into a "budget beach tower."
Users of the network laughed at photos on which an elderly man installed a stepladder on the beach and turned it into a springboard for jumping into the water.
The picture was published on several entertainment portals, as well as in the group "My Taganrog" in the social network "VKontakte", because of which many decided that the photo was taken on the shore of the Azov Sea.
In comments, "innovation" was dubbed "budget tower" and "mobile springboard."
Many praised the man for his ingenuity and "ingenuity", and some drew attention to the fact that a man seriously risks injuring himself when jumping from his tower, because he installed it at a shallow depth.
However, one of the commentators on the Pikabu portal noted that it is impossible to judge the depth of the sea from the picture.
"Firstly, we do not know what the depth is, the beach can be piled up with a sharp descent to the meter right behind the stairs, and secondly, even if there is a meter of depth, with the proper skill, you can jump from a couple of meters," wrote the user under the name C0JIbAMDJZ
In this case, the Italian edition of Roma Today writes that a man with a stepladder was seen on the beach near Rome.
Russian President Vladimir Putin expressed his hope that Anton Vaino as a new head of the presidential administration will contribute to its constructive work.
As reported by RIA Novosti, the corresponding statement was made by the Russian leader at a meeting with Vaino and his predecessor, Sergei Ivanov.
The Russian leader noted that Ivanov himself recommended Vaino's candidacy for the post of head of the presidential administration.
Putin praised the latter for the work done.
On August 12, Putin removed Ivanov from the post of head of the presidential administration.
Vaino took this post instead.
The authorities of the French city of Cannes have banned visiting the local beaches in Burkina - a special bathing suit for women, which completely covers the body from the head to the ankles.
On this Friday, August 12, reports ABC News.
Mayor Cannes David Lisnard (David Lisnard) explained that these clothes "do not meet the rules of decency, the principles of secularism and does not meet the standards of hygiene and safety."
Also, according to him, clothing that emphasizes religious affiliation can cause disturbances in public order.
A penalty of 38 euros (about 42 dollars) was imposed for wearing a burkin.
It is noted that the ban was introduced against the backdrop of the terrorist attacks that took place on July 15 in Nice and July 26 in the church of the city of Saint-Etienne-du-Rouvray in the north of the country.
After its introduction, several Muslim women appealed to the court, saying that the restrictions violate the right to freedom of religion.
The Blagoveshchensk City Court (Amur Region) sentenced the former head of the city, Alexander Miguly, to nine years in a general regime colony.
This is on Friday, August 12, according to the website of the court.
Miguli was found guilty of committing crimes under articles 286 ("Excess of authority"), 285.1 ("Misappropriation of budget funds") and 285 ("Abuse of official powers") of the Criminal Code of the Russian Federation.
The investigation found that the official in December 2008 gave his friend a plot of land in the village of Mukhinka in violation of the procedure established by land legislation.
In 2006, he unlawfully issued a decree on the acquisition of a highway bridge over the Chigiri River at the overpriced price without competitive procedures and the conclusion of a municipal contract, Interfax said.
In addition, in the period from 2007 to 2010, Migulya changed the terms of payments under the contract of sale of the lease contract for the land plot that was provided for the construction of housing in the interests of the commercial organization under his control, and also relieved the company of the rent.
As a result, the regional budget received less than 5 million rubles, and the city treasury about 21 million rubles.
August 4, it became known that the former mayor, who was in custody on suspicion of corruption, and claimed the deputy's mandate, did not provide the electoral lists in time for election to the State Duma and was removed from the election race.
Migulya was detained in May 2015 in the territory of the Lipetsk region and placed in pre-trial detention center.
Prior to that, he had been on an international wanted list since 2011.
Alexander Migulya held the post of Mayor of Blagoveshchensk from November 2004 to April 2010.
The Russian Ministry of Foreign Affairs denied information about the release of a Russian helicopter captured by the Taliban.
Information about the talks on Friday, August 12, in an interview with Interfax, was shared by the Russian president's special representative for Afghanistan, director of the Second Asia Department of the Russian Foreign Ministry, Zamir Kabulov.
This information could not be verified.
"The crew is still in captivity, negotiations are under way," Kabulov said.
On August 11, a source in diplomatic circles informed the agency that the prisoners were released.
According to him, the former hostages were transferred to Pakistan.
On August 4, information appeared that a Pakistani Mi-17 helicopter flying from Peshawar landed in Logar province in the eastern part of Afghanistan due to technical problems.
The builders of the Crimean bridge got a hymn "I'm piling a pile."
On the YouTube channel of the "Crimean Bridge" project a clip "I'm piling a pile" appeared.
This is the song of the builder of this building - the hero tells that the bridge will help "not to lose touch with a huge country."
The author, in particular, sings about how "piles the pile".
The video is attached to the music from the construction site of the Crimean bridge.
The song was written and performed by Konstantin Khomenko - a designer from the "Giprostroymost Institute - St. Petersburg", who developed the project of the construction.
He is not a professional musician.
The Ministry of Internal Affairs of Thailand accused of explosions at the resorts of local saboteurs.
Explosions in the resorts of Thailand - "acts of local sabotage" and have nothing to do with the activities of international terrorists.
This, according to Reuters, said the Thai police.
According to the custody order, they have not yet been able to find out whether these explosions are related to each other.
According to the main version, their organizers tried to disrupt the tourist season.
It is possible that behind the explosions there are Muslim separatists from the south of the country.
Law enforcement authorities have already detained several people.
At the moment, we know of four dead and several dozen wounded.
Prime Minister Pranut Chan-Ochá ordered additional security measures to be taken to prevent further explosions and exclude possible victims.
At the tourist resorts in Thailand on Friday, August 12, a series of explosions occurred.
The devices worked at police stations on the island of Phuket, in the cities of Surat Thani (the capital of the province with the same name, in which the island of Samui is located) and Hua Hin.
Another explosive, laid on the beach, was neutralized by sappers.
A day earlier, on August 11, two explosions occurred in the resort town of Hua Hin.
Bombs were in pots from plants and were activated by calling from a mobile phone.
Among the victims - 10 foreign tourists, Russians are not among them.
British jewelry house Graff introduced a new model of watches The Peacock Watch, made in the form of a peacock feather, reports Vogue.
The watch case is decorated with a scatter of diamonds.
For this, the jewelers used not only classic round stones, but also baguettes, as well as trapezoidal diamonds of step cut and emerald cut.
These watches with a quartz movement and blue arrows of characteristic design Graff are created in a single copy and are presented in the boutique Mercury in the Moscow hotel Four Seasons.
The price does not mention the publication.
Graff is a jewelery-watch house, founded in 1960 in London by Lawrence Graffe.
It produces jewelry with precious stones, mainly with diamonds (including colored diamonds) and watches (since 2008).
Four-time holder of the British Royal Prize in the field of international trade (1977, 1994, 2006, 2014).
In different years Graff acquired extremely rare and valuable diamonds, in particular pink Empress Rose, Star of America, The Sarah and others.
A new book by Joan Rowling "Harry Potter and the Cursed Child" has become the best-selling in the UK, reports The Daily Mail.
Roman outscored the popularity of the play "Romeo and Juliet" by William Shakespeare.
According to the publication, for the first week after the release of the eighth part of the saga of the wizard, 847.9 thousand copies were sold.
The book "Harry Potter and the Cursed Child" brought 8.76 million pounds.
At the same time Shakespeare's tragedy was on the second place - since 1998 almost 127,7 thousand books of publishing house Penguin Classics have been sold.
The eighth part of the saga of the magician from Hogwarts "Harry Potter and the damned child" was published on July 31.
The play unfolds 19 years after the events described in the book "Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows."
On the same day in London the premiere of the play was staged at the Palace Theater.
In Russia, the English version of the novel went to the counters of the Moscow House of Books - the only official seller of the novel - on August 5.
All copies were sold out per day.
In Russian, a new part of the saga will be released before the end of 2016.
The owners of instant messengers and mail services need to identify users and remove prohibited information-this is a summary of the bill drafted by the Media Communication Union (ISS), which unites the largest Russian telecom operators (Vedomosti has).
Employees of the three member companies confirmed that such a project is being discussed.
In early autumn, he should be introduced to a working group led by First Deputy Prime Minister Igor Shuvalov, Vedomosti's interlocutor in the ISS said.
It is about amendments to the laws on communication and on the media.
They stipulate that any "organizer of the dissemination of information on the Internet, providing the possibility of exchanging electronic messages," is obliged to identify users on the basis of information contained in the databases of telecom operators, having previously concluded agreements with them.
And also "immediately block messages or publications that contain information disseminated in violation of the requirements of Russian law."
Otherwise, operators have the right to restrict access to the service by decision of Roskomnadzor.
Astronomers have discovered a mysterious cosmic object behind Neptune.
Astronomers have discovered a mysterious cosmic object behind Neptune.
The heavenly body is very dim, its diameter is about 200 kilometers, wrote the New Scientist.
According to researchers, the object is moving along an orbit that is completely uncharacteristic for the solar system.
It is almost perpendicular to the other planets.
The mysterious find was called Niku, which in Chinese means "rebellious", "unconquered."
WSJ: The US is considering the issue of imposing sanctions against the Russian Federation because of the breaking of the servers of democrats.
US officials are considering the introduction of new sanctions against Russia in response to the hacking of the servers of the Democratic Party, writes The Wall Street Journal, citing sources.
It is reported that for the imposition of sanctions, the US President Barack Obama's administration will have to formally accuse Russia or Russian-backed hackers in attacking the servers.
According to sources, the FBI and other US intelligence agencies are almost sure of Russia's involvement in the cyber attack.
WSJ notes that the US usually prefers not to specify those who carry out hacker attacks.
The exception is the hacking of the database of Sony Entertainment Pictures, made in 2014, which was officially blamed on the DPRK.
However, last year Obama issued a decree simplifying the procedure for imposing sanctions on those who implement or promote cyberattacks.
Initially, it was directed against China, but it can also be used against other countries.
The process of deciding on sanctions can be lengthy, the newspaper writes.
Even if officials came to the conclusion that hackers acted with the support of Russia, before deciding to disclose information, they would have to weigh the possible consequences.
They will have to determine whether the incident is so serious, so as to aggravate the tension in bilateral relations because of it.
Earlier it was reported that the administration of Barack Obama allows the possibility of applying sanctions against the state, hackers who hacked the servers of the National Committee of the Democratic Party.
The WikiLeaks website published an electronic correspondence of the National Committee of Democrats.
The media reported that hackers working with Russian authorities may be implicated in hacking.
In the Kremlin, such reports were called absurd.
FAS fined Google almost half a billion rubles
The reason was the violation of competition in the mobile applications market.
The antimonopoly proceedings were initiated on the initiative of Yandex.
The Russian company claimed that Google provides smartphone manufacturers access to Android components on terms that prohibited the pre-installation of applications from other developers, in particular, from Yandex.
FAS found confirmation of these claims and found that the company abused the dominant position in the market and forced mobile device manufacturers to install other applications together with the Google Play store.
Following the audit, the Federal Antimonopoly Service decided to punish Google, said Deputy Head of the Federal Antimonopoly Service Alexei Dotsenko.
The fine must be paid within 60 days after the entry into force of the order.
The FAS concluded that the law on the protection of competition must be observed by all companies, including transnational corporations.
In turn, Google intends to study the solution first and only then determine with further actions: to execute it or to challenge it.
The Federal Antimonopoly Service recognized the company as a violator of the competition law in September of last year and ordered to adjust the contracts until December 18.
However, Google did not agree to this.
Since then, the company and the department are conducting legal proceedings.
The FAS noted that, despite the fine, they are discussing with Google the possibility of concluding a settlement agreement.
This measure will lead to nothing.
Such an opinion "Echo of Moscow" was expressed by the leading analyst of the Mobile research group Eldar Murtazin.
Murtazin also noted that the penalty will not affect either the users or the competitiveness of the corporation.
Volzhanin rented an apartment, and then robbed her for 84 thousand rubles.
Stolen appliances 30-year-old robber managed to sell.
As the "MK in Volgograd" correspondent was told in the press service of the regional GU of the Ministry of Internal Affairs of Russia, the day before, a resident of the satellite city addressed the police department of Volzhsky with a statement about the robbery.
The man informed the guardians of the law that an unknown person had rented an apartment from him.
When the owner visited to check his home, he found it completely empty: no washing machine, no TV, no refrigerator, no tenant himself.
The total amount of damage amounted to 84 thousand rubles.
Soon the guards of order came out on the trail of the thief.
He was a 30-year-old unemployed Volzhanin.
The man was detained, he gave confessions, saying that the stolen property had already been sold.
Now he will have to answer for theft in all the severity of the law - a criminal case has been instituted against the detainee.
This year the Crimeans will receive a notice for payment of the transport tax.
Now the inhabitants of the peninsula will pay tax on land, property and transport.
This was stated at a press conference by the head of the Federal Tax Service of the Republic of Kazakhstan Roman Nazdrachev.
Until the end of 2016, Crimean car owners will receive a notice for payment of the transport tax.
While the tax accounted for about 250 thousand people owning vehicles.
Data on taxpayers will be provided by the State Traffic Safety Inspectorate, Rosreestr.
"If as of January 1 we will receive information about the owners of real estate and land owners, next year the citizens of Crimea will be payers of these taxes," Roman Nazdrachev said.
For privileged categories of citizens, privileges will be granted to pay taxes on property, first of all this is the category of pensioners.
Also, for land tax there is a system of deductions depending on the preferential category of the taxpayer, but, according to the head of the UFNS, until 2017 it is too early to talk about this.
A resident of Balakhna stood up for the woman, breaking the head with a brick to her offender
According to investigators, on the night of June 16, 2016, in the garage on Main Street in Balakhna, the defendant saw how his neighbors quarreled, from whom he had been on the eve of a visit.
The man repeatedly insulted his civil wife, and then he lifted the woman on his shoulder and carried him home.
The malefactor stood up for the woman and several times struck the victim with a brick on the head.
The 29-year-old died on the spot.
Accused accused partially.
At the moment (August 12, 2016), this is all information.
A terrible accident occurred the night before in the area of the tract Kizil-Tash of the Crimean peninsula.
As reported by the "MK in Volgograd" in the press service of the EMERCOM of Russia in the Volgograd region, in 17.05 on the highway P-29 "Sudak-Theodosia" was traveling bus with people in the cabin.
Suddenly the car turned into a ditch and fell off the cliff.
Victims of the road accident were five people, another 20 - were injured.
Victims from the scene of the accident on the cars ambulances were diverted to medical institutions, where doctors provide them with the necessary assistance.
In that ill-fated flight, four residents of the Volgograd region were seriously injured.
This is Yuri and Elena Krivokhizhiny from Kotovo along with 9-year-old grandson Artem, as well as 5-year-old Anastasia Bochkareva, who was taken to the regional hospital in Simferopol - the girl is in serious condition.
When we call for emergency medical care, we hope that the brigade will arrive quickly and the doctors will provide all the necessary qualified assistance.
When to call an ambulance, how quickly should she arrive at the patient?
In the event of emergency medical assistance being called in an emergency form, the nearest free ambulance ambulance or specialized brigade is sent to the call.
The time for emergency medical assistance to reach an emergency call is up to 20 minutes.
The time for emergency medical aid to reach an urgent call is up to 2 hours.
The time of the ambulance's arrival on the fact of death is not regulated.
The OSCE observers did not record military activity on the border of the Crimea.
Observers of the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE) did not record military activity on the Russian-Ukrainian border.
This is stated in a statement published on the organization's website.
Observers report that the situation on the Crimean border is calm, incidents that may be somehow related to the security of Ukraine and Russia are not fixed.
"None of the observers were able to confirm media reports related to security issues, including shooting and military actions in the immediate vicinity of the administrative border," the OSCE report says.
Employees of the organization continue to monitor the situation at three checkpoints at the border in the Ukrainian cities of Kalanchak, Chaplinka and the Chongar Peninsula in Sivash Bay.
Earlier, the State Border Service of Ukraine reported that the rotation of Russian troops is completing on the border of Crimea.
At the same time, the department says, the updated staff has more modern equipment.
Bulgaria shows inflation for the first time in 8 months
Inflation in Bulgaria was 1% monthly in July, as national statistics show.
This is the highest rate for years (since June 2012) and the first above zero since October last year, when positive 0.2% was shown.
The average annual inflation, measured by the CPI, was -0.8% over the last 12 months (August 2015 - July 2016) compared to the previous 12 months (August 2014 - July 2015).
The consumer price index in July 2016 compared with June 2016 was 101.0%, ie monthly inflation was 1.0%.
The inflation rate from the beginning of the year (July 2016 as compared to December 2015) was -0.2%, and the annual inflation in July 2016 in comparison with July 2015 was -0.2%.
In July 2016, in comparison with the previous month, the increase was observed in the following groups of consumer goods: food and non-alcoholic beverages (1.7%), transport (1.8%), recreation and culture (6.3%), restaurants and hotels (1.2%), other goods and services (0.3%).
Prices fell on clothes and footwear (2.2%), furniture, household appliances and regular maintenance (0.5%), health (0.1%).
Prices remained at the same level as in the previous month for alcoholic beverages and tobacco, housing, water, electricity, gas and other fuels, communication systems, and education.
The "Anime" effect of Snapchat is criticized as a caricature of Asians
Snapchat claims that this filter is inspired by anime, but some observers say that it is racially tactless.
Using the "Lenses" tool, Snapchat allows approximately 150 million users a day to change the reality and play with the individual in ways that border on the absurd.
You can turn yourself into a pineapple, a dog or a character to match the picture of Roy Lichtenstein.
Lenses are rough, warping tools that create more than 30 million corrected selfies a day.
Any errors quickly become common knowledge.
Snapchat lenses have been criticized in the past when they were accused that the application advertised dark skin of the face or encouraged whitened faces as an ideal of beauty.
So when some users this week were offered a lens that gave them slanting eyes, crooked teeth and chubby cheeks, some critics considered it a racist caricature of Asians - "yellow-faced."
And they wondered if these repetitive contradictions point to a more serious problem of the company related to diversity.
On Wednesday, the messages spread and followed the indignation in the reports on The Verge and Motherboard, the day after Snapchat was told that they had removed this feature.
The company commented: the lens was conceived as a reverence for the anime characters, and not as a caricature of Asians.
But experts who know about racism firsthand, the lens recalled offensive stereotypes in action.
Others completely rejected the comparison with the anime.
In an email, Grace Sparapani, a Korean-American art student, whose tweets about the photos were actively sharing, said that the lens was "offensive and at least awkward."
She added that "it's hard to argue with comparing side by side a very crude caricature of Asians and filter effects.
This shows that the filter is not just yellow-faced, but extremely pejoratively yellow-faced.
Snapchat is not the only company passing through these cultural bridges.
American culture seems involved in an endless struggle for diversity and inclusiveness, from corporate meeting rooms to Hollywood and devices that we all carry with us.
And the huge audience of young people in Snapchat - which are more racially diverse than their older generation - may mean that they are more likely to wait for understanding.
When one of the Snapchat lenses creates an offensive image for the user, then, 25-year-old Cathy Zhu said in an interview on Thursday, "it's much harder for such a course of events to go unnoticed, as it was before."
On Thursday, Zhu, product manager and engineer who works for Medium, decided to remove her account from Snapchat and encouraged others to do the same.
In an article for Medium and in a telephone interview, she said that she believes that racial contradictions are the reason for the lack of diversity in the recruitment of personnel in Snapechat.
Zhu was criticized mainly by the white management of the company, consisting only of men and finished her article with a hashtag: #DeleteSnapchat.
As Zhu wrote, she herself is an American of Chinese descent: "Either they did not have enough non-white people in the state who could make such decisions, or they have non-white people, but they do not occupy positions in which they can safely and openly speak."
Other observers share her point of view, expressing dissatisfaction with the fact that Snapchat did not answer most of her questions.
The company does not publish information on the representation of national minorities in its state, emphasizing its status as a private company.
On Thursday, Snapchat declined to discuss the racial origins of its staff, but according to a confidant, the company recently hired a recruiter to focus on underrepresented sections of the population and on active attempts to involve domestic resources.
For her part, Zhu said that she would keep her account in Snapchat closed, adding: "I'm wondering if they really need more users like us, so that they can say that this will not work."
Military leadership distorted intelligence about IGIL, reports the Congressional Commission
Officials from the Central Command of the US Armed Forces have changed intelligence reports to present a more optimistic picture of the war against the Islamic state in Iraq and Syria, what is the basis for the events on the ground, the congressional commission said in a report released on Thursday.
The interim report of the task force, established by the Republican Presidents of the House Committee of the House of Representatives, the Intelligence Committee and the Military Appropriations Subcommittee, found "widespread discontent" among intelligence analysts of the Central Command, who claim that the leaders corrected their assessments of American actions aimed at defeating the Islamic state.
The central command, known as the Center, is the main military administration in Tampa, Florida, which controls American military operations in the Middle East and Central Asia.
"The reconnaissance documents approved by the central command of the Centcom, as a rule, gave a more optimistic picture of the US anti-terrorist actions than confirmed by real data from the scene, and were consistently more optimistic than the analysis provided by other special services," the news release said.
"What happened at the Centcom was unacceptable: when top management appears to be untrue, our military personnel are suffering," said Ken Calvert, a Republican from California, a member of the House of Representatives.
The problems with the leadership in the Centcom have reached the very top of the organization.
The ten-page report details the shortcomings that have constantly emerged in 2014 and 2015 in describing and analyzing American actions aimed at training the Iraqi armed forces provided by the Central Command.
Although it does not contain definitive evidence that members of the Obama administration have ordered to falsify reports, he argues that analysts felt that the leadership of the Centcom has forced them to present a more optimistic view of the threat posed by an Islamic state, also known as IGIL or ISIL.
"Throughout the first half of 2015, many of the press releases, statements and testimony of the Central Command in Congress were significantly more optimistic than real events," the report said.
For example, the official of the Centcom publicly stated that a major military attack aimed at the return of Mosul could begin in April or May 2015.
Mosul, the second largest city in Iraq, remains under the control of the Islamic state.
"After months of investigation, this is known for certain," said Rep. Mike Pompeo, a Republican from Kansas, in a statement.
From mid-2014 until mid-2015, the highest management of the Intelligence Service of the US Central Command forged intelligence command documents in order to downplay the threat from IGIL in Iraq.
Republicans created an operational group when they learned that analysts expressed concern that intelligence about the Islamic State was falsified.
As the investigation progresses, the report, published on Thursday, will be followed by more detailed data.
The additional, not completed at the moment investigation of the intelligence of the Center is conducted by the Chief Inspector of the Ministry of Defense.
Representatives of the Democratic Party in the Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives of the US Congress published their own data on Thursday, which are in line with some of the conclusions of the republican task force.
"Between 2014 and 2015, the Center created an overly-closed procedure for the production of intelligence assessments concerning IGIL and Iraqi security forces," said member of the House of Representatives Adam B. Schiff, the main representative of the Democratic Party in the committee.
This procedure, according to Schiff, "stalled the release of intelligence documents," damaged the morale of analysts and "does not reflect enough divergent views."
But Schiff and the Democrats say they have found no evidence that the White House tried to force the Centcom analysts to fit their conclusions into a "given or political interpretation."
Preliminary results of the investigation of the Congress were presented on Tuesday by the portal The Daily Beast.
Last August, The New York Times reported on the existence of an investigation by the Pentagon's chief inspector, who was opened after complaints from Centcom's analysts.
Lieutenant Commander Patrick Evans, a Pentagon spokesman, said in a statement that the Defense Ministry will not comment on the report of the congress while the investigation of the chief inspector is ongoing.
But he said that "experts sometimes disagree on the interpretation of complex data, and the intelligence services and the Ministry of Defense welcome a healthy dialogue on these vital issues relating to national security."
The consequences of the investigation go beyond the question of whether the targets pursued by the Americans are bombarded in Iraq and Syria (as now more and more representatives of the Ministry of Defense).
But last year's statements make us wonder whether President Obama can rely on the Central Command to provide truthful estimates of military operations in Iraq, Afghanistan, Libya and other crisis points.
Criticism of intelligence on the Islamic state repeats the disputes that took place more than ten years ago when the analyst of the intelligence service of the Centcom Gregory Hooker wrote a research article stating that the administration of President George Walker, because of the protest of many analysts, supported a small number of troops in Iraq and did not think about what would follow the 2003 invasion.
Hooker also played a key role in the protest, sparked by intelligence on the Islamic state.
Last year, according to officials, Hooker's team concluded that despite public statements to the contrary, air strikes against oil refineries belonging to the Islamic state did not lead to a significant deterioration in the financial situation of the terrorist group because it built temporary refineries to sell oil on the black market.
But the discovery was not extended outside the Central Command, as the Times reported in September.
The then commander of the Centcom, General Lloyd J. Austin III, was criticized last year after witness testimony in the Senate, which many deputies considered an overly optimistic assessment of the war.
General Austin resigned in April and was replaced in the Central Command by General Joseph L. Vautel.
The USA wins 4 times in a row in women's field hockey, thus approaching the decisive battle with Britain
Having scored three goals in a match that ended in a 6-1 victory over Japan, Kathy Bam opened the scoring on Thursday with the first two goals for the US women's field hockey team when the Americans defeated the India team 3-0.
Five goals in two games should be a memorable achievement, but Bam, who is 27 years old, declares that she is not sure if she would ever do something like that.
"I can not get my mind," she said.
I'm not really one of those people who follow their goals.
Here's what she knows: Americans score 4-0 in the Olympic tournament, and they compete for the first place in their group with Britain, which remains unbeatable after losing to Japan 2-0 on Thursday.
The teams of Britain and the US will meet on Saturday in the last game of the first round.
Both teams qualify for the quarterfinals, and the result of the game will determine who will take the first place in their group of six teams, and who - the second.
The winner will avoid a meeting with a strong team of rivals from Holland, the leaders of another group, a little later, when the quarterfinal games begin.
However, Saturday's game shows that the Americans here made a noise with their unexpected series, four years after they took the last place among the 12 teams in the London games.
Bam was on that team.
She grew up in Blue Bell, Pennsylvania, first took a hockey stick when she was 3 (her older twin sisters played this sport in Drexel) and joined the national team at the age of 16, becoming her youngest player in history.
She missed the 2008 Olympics, when she did not qualify for the final.
Then came 2012, when everything was not going well with her and her teammates.
The following year, Koegu Parnham, an Englishman, was appointed coach, and everything began to change.
"Cultural change, psychological change, a change in physical fitness," said Bam.
In London, we did not have the same performance that we have now.
We completely changed our views.
On Thursday evening, Bam opened the scoring in the first half of the game with a throw from an uncomfortable arm in the short distance.
India approached the game without a single victory in the tournament, but the team showed themselves surprisingly tight and kept the score 1-0 until the end of the third period, when Bam took the initiative.
She made a long pass with the ball down the left side of the field, then spiraled into the middle and sharply sent the ball into the goal, thereby giving the Americans an advantage in 2-0.
Melissa Gonzalez added the final goal in the middle of the fourth period.
Winning "dry" was the first in the tournament for goalkeeper Jackie Briggs, who missed one goal in each of the first three victories.
She's in shock.
Like Bam.
"We are in a good position right now," Parnham said, but how much it depends on the outcome of Saturday's game.
In the midst of the frenzy of the Olympic Games - "Zen" jumping on the trampoline
Wherever you are, no matter how much time now, this is the Olympics.
The events in Rio de Janeiro seem unchanged and inevitable, this is a furious combination of competition and aspiration.
As if the Olympic flame itself is that burning torch that is transmitted from the archer to the swimmer, to the gymnast, to the triathlonist.
You can not turn on the TV, read a newspaper or listen to your neighbors' conversation in turn in a cafe and not hear about Simone Biles, Cathy Ledeki or the feud between Michael Phelps and Chad de Claude.
And there's Logan Dooley.
Dooley, the first time participating in the Olympics, handsome with dimples on his cheeks, could well be among those celebrities who are shown in prime time promoted by sponsors and life-affirming commercials if he were a swimmer, gymnast or even a swordsman.
But 28-year-old Dooley from the city of Lake Forest in California is fighting for gold in the Olympic competitions in trampoline jumping.
The Olympic flame does not cover all events equally.
Further from the center, partially in the shade, are those sports that are not universally recognized: shooting from an air pistol, shooting from an onion, badminton, taekwondo.
Brass will always be with us, a long reign of him.
But if I am allowed to shyly speak out in defense of my personal predilection, let me draw your attention to the modest charm of jumping on the trampoline.
Although trampoline jumping has been an Olympic sport since 2000, when they made their debut in the games in Sydney, over the past 16 years they received so little recognition that many of the people I interviewed were not aware that they are generally related to Olympic sports.
This may be regional ignorance.
Although the United States sent athletes to competitions, they never won medals in trampolining, and their athletes did not qualify for the finals until 2012.
Chinese and Russian, as a rule, share male awards, and Chinese and Canadians - women.
Dong Dong from China and Rosie McLennan from Canada will defend their London gold medals this year.
But jumping on a trampoline has the charm of an outsider, in part because for an uneducated ear is more associated with a circus college than with the Olympics.
Here I must admit that I'm not an expert, but only a mundane enthusiast.
They really have a comic potential - a caricature flashing of endless jumps - but also the grace of gymnastics and jumping into the water, two sports that they basically combine in themselves.
The word "trampoline" comes from the Spanish word "el trampolín", meaning "springboard for jumping into the water."
Applicants for the victory jump on a giant trampoline, flying up into the air for almost 30 feet, and must perform a series of acrobatic tricks (bends, folds and somersaults) until the final landing on their feet.
They are assessed on the performance, complexity and "flight time", according to the official program of the Olympic Games.
Thirty-two athletes from 17 countries, 16 men and 16 women, will compete in Rio.
The most common Olympic course is ahead.
Applicants for the medal should go further, faster, higher and higher in pursuit of gold, sometimes to the finish, and sometimes back and forth, back and forth across the field.
They aspire not only to the finish line or the starting wall, but also, in front of the television cameras, to another tantalizing milestone: the world or Olympic record.
This stubborn desire is noble, worthy of admiration, even fanatical - and it is enough to make even the spectator feel tearful.
But it's also, in my opinion, a little tiring when watching the Games.
From it, jumps on the trampoline give a breather.
The direction of the trampoline is up.
Moving forward is not a goal.
He or she jumps, seems weightless, like an astronaut, flies up, then down, then effortlessly up again.
And in them, of course, it does not do without competition or difficulties, but throughout the program there is no insane zeal for the finish, no jumps in length, only a wonderful, graceful disappearance of time and gravity.
This is the closest Olympic sport to the Zen.
Women's qualifying competitions, and then the final will be held on Friday afternoon, broadcast at one in the afternoon of Eastern European time, men's on Saturday, also an hour.
NBC will broadcast the final within the daily program starting from 14:00 on both days.
In the midst of Olympic madness, a calm, beautiful moment is expected, which can easily be overlooked in a general dump.
And if the growth of consciousness can only be achieved by exposing male athletes to coveted views and objectivization - as the Wall Street Journal recently suggested male gymnasts from the United States - Dooley is just waiting for her new admired crowd of fans.
"Generation protests" in Ethiopia, a longtime US ally
Violent protests in Ethiopia
Demonstrators demanding political change in Ethiopia, faced with fierce opposition from the government.
Eyewitnesses say that dozens of protesters were fatally wounded during clashes with the police.
Is Ethiopia on the verge of schism?
Over the past decade, it has been one of the most stable countries in Africa, a firm ally of the West with a booming economy.
But in recent months, anti-government protests have shocked the country, spreading to an increasing number of its territories.
Only in the last week, thousands of people took to the streets, demanding radical political changes.
According to the defenders of human rights, the government's reaction was brutal.
Eyewitnesses claimed that police officers shot dozens of unarmed demonstrators.
The videotapes from the protests, allegedly filmed at the end of the past or the beginning of this year, show how security officers beat young people with sticks when they put their hands against the wall.
The United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights now calls for a thorough investigation.
"It has always been difficult to keep this country from disintegration, and further it will be even more difficult," said Rashid Abdi, the head of the project "The African Horn" in an international research crisis group.
Ethiopia is the second most populous country in Africa after Nigeria, and its stability is supported by the West.
The US military and intelligence services work closely with Ethiopians to combat terrorist threats in the region, especially in Somalia, and virtually no country in Africa receives such support from the West.
The economy of Ethiopia is developing at an impressive rate.
Its infrastructure has significantly improved - there is even a new suburban train in the capital Addis Ababa.
And its streets, as a rule, are quiet, safe and clean.
However, Ethiopia was hardly a model of democracy - human rights organizations constantly mention government reprisals - the opposition on the territory of the state was suppressed, due to the fact that dissidents were actually silenced.
Many of them were exiled, imprisoned, killed or expelled to remote deserts.
But this can change.
"If people are constantly suppressed and do not leave them other options than to protest, an uprising will take place," said Seium Teshome, a lecturer at the university in central Ethiopia.
All the young people are protesting.
Generation protests.
Complaints are numerous, ranging from land use to the seizure of power by a government coalition.
After widely criticized elections last year, the government party and its allies completely superseded the opposition and now control 100 percent of the Parliament.
At the same time, tension along the border with Eritrea is growing, the struggle for this vague, controversial border has claimed hundreds of lives in June.
Analysts fear that the separatist groups that have been more or less destroyed in recent years, such as the Oromo Liberation Front or the Ogaden National Liberation Front, may try to use excitement and rearm.
A number of factors explain why bitter feelings, boiling in the depths of one's soul for several years, are breaking out now.
The first, it would seem, is completely harmless: smartphones.
Only in the last couple of years a large number of Ethiopians have been able to communicate in social networks, since cheap smartphones have become commonplace, and Internet service has become better.
Even when the government closes access to Facebook and Twitter, as it often happens, especially during protests, many people still find the opportunity to communicate through proxy servers that hide where they are.
Several young Ethiopians said that this was how they organized themselves for protests.
The second is that there is more solidarity between Oromo and Amhara, the two largest Ethiopian ethnic groups.
Oromo and Amhara are not natural allies.
Over the centuries, Amhara from predominantly Christian high-mountainous regions of Ethiopia flourished in politics and business, exploiting Oromo, many of which are Muslim and live in low-lying areas.
But this is also changing.
"We will act together under a single principle," said Mulatu Gemechu, leader of Oromo.
The largest protests took place in the districts of Amhara and Oromo.
Many of Amhara and Oromo feel that members of the Tigray ethnic group, which is about 6 percent of the population, are unjustly dominant in Ethiopia, and which controls military and intelligence services, trade and politics.
The third reason for the unrest is the loss of Meles Zenawi.
Meles, a former rebel leader, served as Prime Minister of Ethiopia for 17 years, until his death from an unknown disease in 2012.
He was considered a tactical genius, a man who could foresee danger.
Analysts say that he especially skillfully recognized the first signals of discontent and used scouts to obtain data and neutralize opponents.
"The current regime lacks common sense," said Abdi, an analyst of conflict situations.
The new Prime Minister of Ethiopia, Hailemariam Desaleni, appeared from nowhere and took the place of Meles.
Unlike Meles, who was from Tigray in northern Ethiopia, Hailemariyam is a Southerner.
Analysts say he does not enjoy the confidence of security services controlled by Tigray.
Many fear that as a result this will lead to even greater bloodshed.
The last time Ethiopia survived such unrest in 2005, after thousands of people protested against what analysts said was apparently the election that the government mishandled, and then forged the results.
During the ensuing repressions, many Protestants were killed, albeit in a smaller number than in recent months, and this period of unrest was relatively rapid.
Development experts expressed their gratitude to the leaders of Ethiopia for the far-sighted development of infrastructure, such as a new inter-city train and significant successes in the fight against poverty.
But it is obvious that this did not stop the growth of internal dissatisfaction with the Ethiopian government.
And it takes a dangerous ethnic form.
Last month, protesters in Gondar, a city in Amhar, attacked businesses owned by Tigray, and anti-Tigray's hate on social networks became all-inclusive.
Analysts say that the protesters put the United States and other Western allies in an uncomfortable position.
The US government used Ethiopia as a base for unmanned flights over neighboring Somalia, although it recently announced that it closed the base.
On the one hand, it is clear that the West wants to support democracy, but on the other hand, it does not want its ally to lose power in an already volatile region.
"And on this tight rope it will be difficult to pass," Abdi said.
Donald Trump explains his statement that IGIL was founded by Obama, "sarcasm"
Donald J. Trump tried to hush up the last conflict that swept his campaign headquarters on Friday, arguing that he joked when several times this week said that President Obama and Hillary Clinton were the "founders" of the terrorist group Islamic state.
The clarification raised new questions about the ability of the presidential candidate from the Republican Party to intelligently address the American people.
It also placed his deputies, who tried to protect him during the period of unrest, in an embarrassing situation, as they had to explain statements that he probably did not have in mind.
Having expressed this supposition at the congress on Wednesday evening, Trump strongly insisted on his statement on Thursday, repeating in an interview that he really wanted to say that the president and Clinton founded IGIL.
But in a post on Twitter on an early Friday morning, Trump wrote that he was just being sarcastic.
This post was the exact opposite of the statement made just a day earlier, when Trump stated in several interviews that he was absolutely serious in his accusation.
When the radio-conservative Hugh Hewitt tried to help Trump soften the statement, reminding him that Obama wants to destroy IGIL, the Republican presidential candidate did not take the opportunity.
The last scandal erupted when Trump tried to reorient his campaign to the economy amid a decline in the rating.
Trump and Clinton came up with competing speeches about the economy in Michigan this week.
On Friday, Trump again tried to return to this topic.
Again resorting to Twitter, he warned that Clinton's plans would lead to an increase in taxes, and stated that she found her speech boring.
Trump had previously used sarcasm as an excuse.
At the end of July, after he attracted general criticism, practically voicing the idea that the Russians should hack into Clinton's e-mail, he later explained his remarks, saying: "Of course, I'm joking."
This approach allows Trump to go beyond what is permissible in political speech and take his words back if necessary.
"I think it's his way of testing messages that resonate with his fans, see how they work, and then" explain "them to one side or the other, depending on the reaction," said Ruth Sherman, a communications expert who analyzed the language of both candidates.
But I also think that he is cautious in his statements and knows that they are vague enough to interpret them in different ways.
Instead of softening the statements for the broader electorate, Trump took an even more sarcastic tone in recent days, while his rating continues to fall.
The new NBC / Wall Street Journal / Marist rating, published on Friday, showed that Trump concedes to Clinton with a large margin in North Carolina, Virginia and Colorado and is on par with her in Florida.
Although Trump usually tries not to apologize for the provocative things that he says, he often blames his critics for misinterpreting his words and misunderstanding his sense of humor.
But since Trump became the object of increased attention in the last months of the presidential campaign, his jokes put his faithful allies in an awkward position: they have to publicly support him, however provocative his statements might be.
Rudolph W. Giuliani, the former mayor of New York, who is one of Trump's most famous deputies, has made serious efforts to protect the candidate in an interview given to CNN on Thursday.
"I think what he says is an acceptable political comment," Giuliani said when asked about the credibility of Trump's statement that Obama and Clinton founded the Islamic state.
It's true in the sense that before Obama, IGIL was an almost unknown tiny organization, he called it not a threat, absolutely unfair, and that's why it all happened because he withdrew troops from Iraq.
Most average Republicans insist that the Obama administration, in which Clinton served as secretary of state, allowed IGIL to develop, as it failed to resolve the situation in the Middle East.
Before the rally in Pennsylvania on Friday, Trump continued on Twitter to attack the media for mocking up every single word of his and prejudice against him.
He mocked the "poor unfortunate" television experts who are trying to solve it, and said: "I'm weak!"
Some Democrats ridiculed Trump's excuses as an extra proof that he was not fit for the presidency.
Once expelled coffee shop returns to Greenpoint
The Verb coffee shop was shabby, taking only a cash place in Williamsburg, which did not have Wi-Fi, but served good coffee for 15 years.
Naturally, it was pushed out of its premises with a showcase on Bedford Avenue.
The "Soup Cheri" store, which took the place of "Verb" in the summer of 2014, sells soap in the form of cupcakes.
Local residents lamented her as the last loss in the city being renovated.
Artist Molly Crabaple wrote on Twitter: "New York is constantly changing, I know, but still can not believe that CBGB is dead, the Chelsea hotel is destroyed, and" Verb "has now become a soap store."
But even though New York is constantly changing, it, in turn, is being updated.
The revived Verb coffee house opened last November at Greenpoint, less than a mile north of the original site.
The new Verba has Wi-Fi and accepts credit cards, but there are still some of the same employees and a similar simple atmosphere.
In addition, coffee is still good.
At the head of the new "Verba" is Sisko Rodriguez, a long-time employee of the old coffee house, who owns and manages the general manager in a new location.
He started working at Verba in 2001 and was there until the very end.
When one of the clients offered to sponsor him in a new place, he said that he would gladly go for it.
Rodriguez, who is 36 years old, left a lot in his previous form.
"Verb" works with the same distributor of beagles and bought the same model of the coffee machine.
It even installed chandeliers from the old "Verba".
But Rodriguez said that he would also like to experiment.
He offered new dishes.
The menu features sandwiches with bacon, eggs and cheese, and there are toppings made of capers or fried onions.
There are dishes from brown rice.
The coffee house no longer serves beer, but now they are preparing freshly squeezed juices.
After nine months, Rodriguez said that he drew attention to the constant flow of old loyal customers.
"Many former customers, too, squeezed out prices from Williamsberg," - he shared.
One of the recent Sundays, Rebecca Oliveira was one of those customers.
Oliveira, who is 34 years old, used to live in Williamsberg and often visited the "Verb".
Even after she moved to Greenpoint, she still stopped by.
After the closure of "Verba" she said that she stopped drinking coffee for a while.
"I realized that it was coffee and atmosphere that impressed me in the" Verba ", - she said.
Now she drinks coffee again, although she ordered a blended tea instead of regular ice-tea, another novelty.
Tom Rosenthal, another longtime client, has faithfully visited Verb since 2003.
He went to work and ordered the same things.
"At fifteen minutes past eight, every day, like clockwork, I came, and for me they were preparing my beigle with butter and all the fillings," he said.
Rodriguez told that he wanted to experiment and introduced new dishes in the menu.
Today, Rosenthal still does the usual order, but someday he will change something with the help of bacon, eggs or cheese on a bagel with all the fillings.
Rodriguez said that he was not offended by the fact that the wash shop once took possession of the old place.
Moreover, the owners of "Soup Cheri" offered to make a special soap for "Verba", using coffee from the coffee shop, prepared in a cold way, as an ingredient.
"I think that we may agree to their proposal," Rodriguez said.
Permanent residents of Greenpoint of Polish origin also chose this coffee shop.
One of these new customers translated the menu into Polish, and Rodriguez said he plans to find a place for him in the shop window so that his new neighbors feel welcome.
The new place has other benefits.
The local point for the sale of juices is planned to be bottled and to sell coffee cooked in a cold way.
There is a possibility that the coffee house will join the neighboring building.
For many customers, it's enough that the new "Verb" will include their favorite dishes in the menu.
Joseph Witt was a regular customer and shared that he was heartbroken when they closed.
When the coffee shop opened in a new place, Witt said that, having entered inside and ordering a cup of coffee, he felt as if he had returned home.
"How long I wanted to feel this fragrance," he admitted.
Depressive eating depression in the "Dense meal"
In March 1933, shortly after his ascent to the presidency, Franklin Delano Roosevelt sat down to dine in the Oval Office.
Being a gourmet, President Roosevelt loved Fifth Avenue's fashion dishes, for example, foie gras and Maryland turtle soup.
His menu on this day was more modest: stuffed eggs in tomato sauce, mashed potatoes and for dessert - a prune pudding.
"It was an act of culinary solidarity with people who suffered," said Jane Siegelman.
Her husband Andrew Coe added: "It was also a message to Americans about how to eat."
Spouses living in Brooklyn Heights, are experts in the history of food.
The last book of Koua, "Raga in Chinese," was dedicated to Chinese cuisine in America, and Siegelman told the story of living in a rented apartment in the Lower East Side through eating in her book "House 97 on Fruit Garden Street."
Their new collaboration, The Dense Meal, which will be published Tuesday by Harper, is the story of American food for the Great Depression.
Manifesting to some extent his own culinary solidarity, they met with a reporter for dinner at the Eisenberg's Sandwich Shop, a tiny simple diner in the Flatiron neighborhood, which has been operating since 1929, the year of the Market Crash.
Zigelman, 54, ordered a cream cheese and a sandwich with slices of olives, and Coe, 57, took a turkey, mashed potatoes and a vegetable mix.
When the reporter ordered a meatloaf, the pair considered this a suitable starting point for discussion about food in the Depression era.
"Rolls were in high demand," Siegelman said.
There was peanut roll, liver roll, bean roll.
They were made from a basic ingredient and cheap products that allowed to stretch the ingredient.
Imagine that you ate as much peanuts as you need for dinner.
Coe winced.
"He must have been lying in the stomach with a stone," he said.
In the years before the Depression, the American table, especially in the countryside, was a buffet.
Groups of women prepared for male farm workers, and freshly baked cake was served for breakfast, lunch and dinner.
It was the Americans who sent food to the starving Europeans during the First World War.The "tight meal" describes how the country coped with the fact that it suddenly ceased to be a country of plenty.
"It was a time when food became a central, uneasy topic for Americans," Coe said, explaining why he and his wife decided to write about it.
Equally challenging was the new budget ration: mysterious dishes such as rolls and casseroles became the staple food, casserole is "an excellent way to utilize scraps," said Siegelman, "because cooks could hide unappetizing ingredients under a thick layer of sauce."
Fresh fruit was replaced with cheaper dried fruits.
Meat, which for many years was the basis of American food, has become a sparingly distributed luxury.
People have tried strange mixtures, because energy and nutritional value have become more important than taste and even culinary common sense.
While doing research for a book that includes recipes, Siegelman cooked a dish of that era: a baked onion stuffed with peanut butter.
"This addition to the dining table was not a success," Coe said.
Zigelman added: "It was very strange."
Peanut butter is not at all suitable for baked onions.
This was typical for many home-cooked recipes.
More than ever before, and ever since, home economists - including Louise Stanley, the head of the Federal Bureau of Home Economics from 1923 to 1943 - have ruled the country's eating habits.
By publishing recipes and articles in newspapers and magazines, they advised women to become "compilers of the budget," to accept the challenge and transform the boar like mashed spaghetti and carrots into delicious dishes.
"Dense meal" is a feast of curious historical facts.
Especially poignant stories about the reaction of the government to the starving citizens, for example, the position of President Herbert Hoover in the spirit of "let them eat pies."
Publicly praising the simple farming concoction of the state of Iowa from the time of his childhood, he ate as a subtle millionaire he became.
"He liked continental cuisine, for example, fish with cucumber sauce," Coe said.
He ate practically in a gilded dining room, wearing a tuxedo.
He was fantastically divorced from reality.
President Roosevelt could have made the same mistake if his wife Eleanor had not advised him to set an example by his own stomach.
As described in the book, Eleanor Roosevelt hired a housekeeper who was not at all interested in taste, and this led to the fact that the White House "used not only the most dull food in Washington, but at times even the most disgustingly cooked."
Many of the culinary tricks of the Depression era were forgotten as soon as the country got back on its feet.
Their legacy is our constant focus on calories and nutrition, says Siegelman, and on how science was used in cooking.
The spouses say that at the time of writing the book they understood better the eating habits of Zigelman's mother - that she could not throw away food, for example.
"She was seriously afraid of negligence towards food," Coe said.
Siegelman remembers: "She seriously poisoned people."
There was one unpleasant incident with profiteroles.
When the plates in Eisenberg's were emptied, Coe and I took out the dessert that had been prepared at home: a prune dessert that President Roosevelt ate for lunch.
"This is called mousse from prunes," Siegelman said, adding that it was a common technique to give catchy names to modest recipes.
Whipped cream was not, only prunes, a little flour, sugar, water and cinnamon.
All reluctantly loaded the spoon into a viscous, brown, sticky substance.
Surprisingly, it was good.
Kou twice asked for supplements.
With the voice of a confident budget compiler, he told his wife: "A few chopped walnuts would not have stopped here."
The arrest of the defendants of the case of a mass brawl in the Khovansky cemetery was extended until November 14
Presnensky court left until 14 November under the arrest of the defendants of the case of a mass brawl in the Khovansky cemetery, having satisfied the relevant petition of the investigation.
14 people are prosecuted in the case.
Recall that on May 14 at the Khovansky cemetery, a mass brawl of several hundred people from Central Asia and the North Caucasus with the use of weapons occurred, which resulted in the death of three people.
The former head of the cemetery Yuri Chabuyev and the lawyer, co-founder of the public organization "Healthy Nation" Alexander Bocharnikov charged with organizing the murder.
The question of the second for the year 2016 indexation of pensions can be resolved within the next two to three weeks.
This was reported on August 12 by Deputy Prime Minister Olga Golodets during her visit to the Bryansk region.
We have specific parameters, how much to increase the pension in order to reduce the inflation that exists in the country.
All calculations have been made.
Now the economists are summarizing the results of the half-year, and we will finish this work within the next two or three weeks, "Interfax quotes the Hunger.
Commenting on the scheme proposed by the head of the Center for Strategic Research Alexei Kudrin to raise the retirement age by six months every year, the vice premier said that this issue is not considered in the Cabinet.
At the end of July it became known that the Government had agreed on a position on the full indexation of pension payments in 2017.
Kamensky and Grigoryan went to the finals of the shooting competition from a small-caliber rifle.
Russian athletes Sergei Kamensky and Kirill Grigorian went to the finals of the shooting competition from a small-caliber rifle from the supine position at the Olympic Games in Brazil.
As reported by TASS, Sergei Kamensky scored 629 points and took first place - this is the new Olympic record in the qualification.
Kirill Grigorian became the second - 628.9 was.
In total eight best sportsmen have passed to the finals.
Kamensky is the world record holder in this discipline (633).
Turkish oppositionist Fethullah Gülen demands an international investigation into the circumstances of the coup attempt in Turkey.
"I demand that an independent international commission investigate an attempted coup d'état," the French newspaper Le Monde quoted Gülen as saying.
Also, the Turkish oppositionist said that "if at least some of the charges are confirmed, I will return to Turkey."
However, Gulen in every possible way denies involvement in the coup d'etat, stressing that his organization has never claimed political power.
Istanbul Court previously arrested in absentia an opposition Islamic preacher Fethullah Gülen.
Recall that an attempted military coup took place in Turkey on the night of 15 to 16 July.
Gilead will reimburse the costs of attorney services during the dispute over the patent from hepatitis C with Merck
Gilead Sciences Inc has the right to be reimbursed for the costs of legal services that it incurred in connection with the lawsuit on a patent for a hepatitis C drug from Merck & Co Inc, a federal district judge.
In June, Gilead was exempted from paying $ 200 million in damages for violating two Merck patents related to Gilead drugs, sales leaders, Sovaldi and Harvoni, after an American judge discovered a number of breaches by Merck, including false oaths and other unethical acts.
When appealing to the court on Thursday, a judge of the US Federal District Court Beth Labson Freeman said that the company Gilead is entitled to reimbursement of costs incurred in the course of challenging the claim.
Merck is trying to catch up with Gilead, which dominates the market for a new generation of hepatitis C drugs that can cure over 90 percent of patients with liver disease.
The case took place in 2013, when Gilead and Merck sued each other, claiming their rights to the laboratory work underlying sophosbuvira, an active ingredient in Gilead's drugs.
The armed forces, created with the support of the United States, claim that they have seized full control of Manbij from the Islamic State
The armed forces, created with the support of the United States, have taken full control of the northern city of Manbij near the Turkish border, after the last militants of the Islamic State left in the city left, a group spokesman said on Friday.
The Syrian Democratic Forces (SDS) are now sweeping the city after leaving the remaining group of militants who were hiding in the city.
They released more than 2,000 civilian hostages that were being held by militants, Sharfan Darwish from the Allied military council of the Munbij military council told the Reuters news agency.
"The city is now completely under our control, but we are undertaking operations to clean up," he told Reuters.
Clinton earned $ 10.75 million in 2015 and paid 34.2 percent of the federal tax rate
Hillary Clinton on Friday unveiled her tax returns for 2015, which showed that the Democratic candidate and her husband had $ 10.75 million in income this year and paid an effective federal tax rate of 34.2 percent.
In 2015, the Clintons received $ 1 million in charitable contributions, mostly to the Clinton Foundation, former President Bill Clinton received about $ 5.3 million in fees for performances, and the former secretary of state announced a $ 3 million income from the publisher of Simon & Schuster for her book on her tenure at the State Department.
Potential Vice-President Clinton, US Senator Tim Kane of Virginia, together with his wife Anna Holton, published tax returns for 10 years.
In 2015, they paid an effective federal tax rate of 20.3 percent.
"Hillary Clinton and Tim Kane continue to set the standard for financial transparency," Counselor Clinton's campaign adviser Jennifer Palmieri said in a statement.
In complete opposition to them, Donald Trump is hiding behind false pretenses and violating his past promises to publicize his tax returns.
It's common for US presidential candidates to publish their tax returns, although the law does not require them.
New York businessman Trump and his lawyers called the audit of the State Tax Service as the reason for his refusal to promulgate his tax returns.
"Your move," - adviser to the campaign headquarters of Clinton Jan Sams wrote on Twitter, referring to the declaration of the candidate from the Democratic Party.
On Thursday, Trump's special adviser Michael Cohen told CNN that he would not allow Trump to release them before the end of the checks.
Critics of Trump, including the Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney and other fellow Republicans in 2012, said his refusal raises questions about his condition, his charitable contributions, his business operations and other ties, including with Russia.
Clinton jumped at this issue and on Friday released an online video in which the main place was given to outstanding Republicans who urged Trump to publicize the tax reporting.
On Thursday, she raised this issue during a speech on the economy in Michigan.
"He refuses to do what every presidential candidate did without exception for decades: to promulgate his tax returns," she said to the audience.
The Politico newspaper reported that Trump had paid no or almost no taxes for two years in the 1990s, and the New York Times business columnist on Friday quoted many tax lawyers and accountants who believed that perhaps things are still the case.
Federal tax rates became the subject of a dispute in the presidential election.
Clinton supported the rule, named after billionaire investor Warren Buffett, who would guarantee that people who receive more than $ 1 million a year will pay a tax rate of at least 30 percent.
President Barack Obama also supported the proposal.
At a meeting with Clinton last week in Omaha, Nebraska, Buffett, whose conglomerate Berkshire Hathaway is based there, suggested that Trump meet and exchange tax returns.
Buffett said that he, too, is under IRS scrutiny, and that Trump is "afraid" not of the tax collection agency, but of the voters.
The campaign headquarters of Clinton promulgated tax returns until 2007.
The Clintons who now live in Chappaqua, New York, paid an average federal tax rate of about 32 percent from 2007 to 2014 and an effective aggregate tax rate of about 40.5 percent.
The Clinton Declaration for 2015 showed that, unlike most Americans, only for $ 100 of their income was the source of salaries.
Their main investment was a low-cost index share fund, and the Clintons declared dividends and capital gains of $ 109,000.
Additional report by Kevin Drobot, editor Jonathan Oatis
Condoms with chilli powder and fireworks enhance the protection of Tanzanian elephants
The environmentalists in Tanzania are using an unconventional way to prevent elephants from wandering into populated areas - throwing condoms filled with chili powder in them.
The method proved effective, and the organization of the Honeyguide Foundation, which came up with this idea several years ago, together with the US Committee for Nature Protection, undertook its promotion, teaching volunteers in the villages of northern Tanzania to use a non-violent, four-step way to protect their homes and crops without harming animals.
Previously, many used spears to protect themselves.
On Friday there will be the World Elephant Day, dedicated to the protection of animals.
"Since we invented the set of tools ... we are seeing a change in the attitude within these communities, as a result of which they are much more confident that they will be able to keep elephants out of their fields without harming the elephants," said Damian Bell, Honeyguide's executive director.
The first two steps consist in lighting the torch before the elephant that broke the border and sending signals with the help of a horn.
If he could not be scared off, then throw the so-called "cloud of chili."
Chili powder, mixed with soil, is placed with a cracker in the condom, and its end is twisted, only the wick remains from the outside.
When ignition, the condom bursts with a roar, spraying the fine dust of chilli powder in the air.
A single blow is usually enough to turn the elephant in the other direction.
The extreme measure is a launching device that shoots Roman candles into the air, producing a loud, bright explosion.
32 Turkish diplomats who have left the country after attempting a coup in July this year have not returned to Turkey.
Such data was quoted by Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlüt Çavuşoğlu in an interview with local journalists.
At the first stage, we recalled 208 cadre diplomats to continue their work in the center.
Of these, 32 people without objective reasons and explanations have not returned, "said the head of the Turkish Foreign Ministry.
Let's remind that in July an attempt of coup d'état took place in Turkey.
The authorities officially announced that the coup d'état had failed, and also reported the detention of over six thousand people, among them military ranks of the highest and middle level.
As a result of the coup attempt, according to the Turkish Foreign Ministry, 290 people died.
Jewish director sharply criticized the Berlin hotel for the removal of the Israeli telephone code at the "request" of the Arabs - RT News channel reported
A French director of Jewish origin unleashed a scandal in the media, discovering that the Kempinski Bristol hotel in Berlin does not have a telephone code in Israel, and employees refer to "requests" from Arab clients.
Claude Lanzmann, the author of the documentary film about the Holocaust "Shoah", expressed his dissatisfaction with the Kempinski Bristol hotel in Berlin, writing an open letter to the German media FAZ.
During his recent stay at the hotel Lanzman tried to find Israel in the list of phone codes provided by the hotel.
The country, however, was not mentioned among the states where one can call directly from the room.
How could it happen that in 2016 in Berlin, the capital of a new Germany, Israel is expelled and uprooted?
Wrote Lanzmann.
In return, Kempinski Bristol provides an opportunity to dial Israel through its own call center.
In search of an explanation, the director raised this issue at the hotel reception desk.
The answer he received there, according to Lanzman, "shocked him."
The hotel clerk said that this measure was "a deliberate decision by the Kempinski hotel chain management."
The reason behind this step caused even more anger of the director.
"Most of our guests are Arabs, and they demanded that the Israeli code be removed," said Lanzman, an employee of the hotel.
Israel's ambassador to Germany, Jacob Hadas-Handelsman, called the case "a terrible shame," the Suddeutsche Zeitung newspaper reported.
We were shocked and shocked by the incident.
This, in fact, is a terrible shame.
The fact that it happened in Germany and it is in this network of hotels, even greater shame.
Explanations are not needed here.
We expect that the hotel will make the right conclusions, "the official said.
The case caused considerable resonance on the Internet, people called it a scandal.
Some argued that the hotel Kempinski simply "went on about" the alleged claims of Arab customers.
"They would be ashamed", - it was said in another post, where it was stated that the hotel, located on the glorious street Kurfurstendamm, is next to the synagogue.
The hotel itself hastened to dispel any accusations, calling the incident "oversight" and "apologizing" to Lanzmann, Der Spiegel newspaper reported.
"There was no direct order not to include Israel in the speed dial list," the newspaper Suddeutsche Zeitung quoted the representative of the Kempinski Hotel.
She adds that the code has now been added.
Police use tear gas and rubber bullets against protesting Brazilian students
Students encountered police in the Brazilian city of São Paulo on Thursday, when they gathered to protest against government reforms in the public education system.
The police used tear gas and rubber bullets against protesters.
Riots began when police tried to disperse students, as a result of which the police used rubber bullets and tear gas.
Several hundred students took part in the demonstration to express their concern about the plans.
According to the proposals of the Governor of the State of São Paulo Geraldo Alckmin, nearly 100 public secondary schools will be closed, and 300,000 students will be redistributed to save money.
Some protesters could be seen writing graffiti on the walls against the acting president Michael Temer.
This last protest happened only a few days after the protesters massively took to the streets to support the retired president Dilma Russef, when the country's senate voted for her impeachment.
Trade between Russia and Iran grew by 71% - RT Business portal reported
With the lifting of sanctions, the trade turnover between Moscow and Tehran increased by 70.9 percent compared to the previous year, according to the Russian ambassador to Iran Levan Jagarian.
As international sanctions against Iran were lifted, there is a growing interest on the part of Russian firms to conduct business in the country, the ambassador said.
Russian companies are renewing ties with Iran, and new firms are ready to access the market.
Of course, further expansion of trade is one of the main priorities of bilateral cooperation with Iran, "Jagarian said.
He noted that in the first five months of 2016 the trade turnover between Russia and Iran increased by 70.9 percent compared to the same period in 2015 and amounted to 856 million dollars.
In particular, Russian exports to Iran increased by 91.5 percent and amounted to 697 million dollars.
Russian imports from Iran increased by 16 percent, to $ 158 million.
The increase in trade was achieved thanks to the supply of machinery, land vehicles and weapons, "the ambassador said.
Jagarian also predicts that this year Russia will be visited by a record number of Iranian tourists.
Last year, the diplomatic representation of Russia in Iran issued about 35,000 visas, mostly tourist, to Iranian citizens.
In addition, for the first time Iran entered the top 20 countries in terms of the number of tourists visiting Russia.
It is safe to say that last year's record for the number of Iranian tourists visiting Russia will be beaten, "he said.
At the same time, relatively few Russians visit Iran, which, he hopes, will change.
"I personally recommend visiting the cities of Isfahan, Shiraz and Yazd, where the monuments of the ancient Persian civilization are kept in good condition," he said.
The state continues to tighten the nuts in the defense-industrial complex.
The reason for dismissal was the "systematic non-fulfillment" of the instructions of the general director of the concern Almaz-Antei, "omissions in work" and "loss of confidence."
Gennady Bendersky was appointed the head of the NGO for the next three years.
Information on the dismissal Neskorodova appeared only on Thursday evening and did not cause wide resonance in the media.
How can this silence be explained in the conditions of large-scale rearmament of the army?
Most likely, the leadership of the Russian Federation does not want the dissemination of any rumors or negative assumptions in a public environment.
This once again confirms that the defense industry complex (DIC) has many problems and the state does not want to attract increased attention from the public.
The removal of Neskorodov is undoubtedly an important event in terms of bringing order to the industry.
NPO Almaz is the head enterprise of the concern, which specializes in the production of surface-to-air missile systems (SAM) of sea and land-based systems.
At present, Almaz is working on the creation of the Polimen-Redut and Morphey SAM systems, which are planned to be installed on new corvettes, frigates, destroyers and cruisers.
The founder of the portal Military Russia, Dmitry Kornev, believes that the dismissal of Neskorodov is caused by the failure to meet deadlines for these projects.
This version is the most logical.
For example, the development of "Morpheus" began in 2007, and commissioning was expected in 2013.
"Polymet-Redut" should become the main air defense system on the newest ships of the Navy.
According to the information that I receive, in a few years of testing, there has not been a single truly successful trial.
However, as far as I can tell, there is no unambiguous guilt of "Almaz" in this, "said Kornev.
The expert fears that the delay in commissioning may occur with the S-500 air defense system.
Experimental design work on the project has not yet been completed, but in 2016 the first complexes should arrive in the troops.
The Defense Ministry assures that "the work is planned and everything will be completed on time", although in 2014 the department recognized the problems with the development of the S-500.
It is extremely difficult to assess the professional qualities of Nemorodov, who directed Almaz since 2011.
Kornev stated that the breakdowns of project deadlines could be both an excuse and cause of dismissal.
In his opinion, in recent years it has become extremely difficult to obtain information on internal processes in the defense industry and the plans of the management of enterprises.
The industry has received long-term orders for tens of billions of rubles, and big money, as you know, loves silence.
As a rule, directors of defense companies leave their posts at their own volition, under an agreement on the agreement of the parties or transferred to another job.
In this case, the suspension took place publicly, although it did not receive a resonance.
This leads to the idea that the head of "Almaz" was, perhaps, a shrewd figure and resisted descending from above "orders".
Apparently, the state does not intend to put up with such behavior.
With the hands of shareholders, it will remove those who prefer to argue with the Ministry of Defense installations and do not fulfill the tasks set.
Simultaneously, the leadership of the Russian Federation seeks to punish the steered managers (machinations at the shipyard Zvezda).
The president pays special attention to the problems of the sector.
Vladimir Putin heads the Military Industrial Commission and periodically holds meetings on rearmament.
The Kremlin defends the ranks of the DIC managers, seeking to have at hand a loyal staff of directors who will carry out orders received from above.
This is far from ideal policy, however, against the background of the rampant corruption and lack of normal competition in the defense industry of other instruments, the state does not have.
The current situation in the defense industry, of course, is not catastrophic, but the current geopolitical situation encourages the Kremlin to put the Armed Forces in order as soon as possible.
In parallel with the "sweep" of managers in the OPK, the leadership of the Russian Federation is taking quite successfully steps to improve the professionalism of Russian troops.
The staff of the army has acquired a new quality with the arrival of Defense Minister Sergei Shoigu.
One gets the impression that the president has adopted the famous saying "You want peace - prepare for war".
During the Cold War, the military power of the USSR and the nuclear parity achieved in the 1970s led to the conclusion of the Helsinki Pact, which secured for Moscow spheres of influence on the continent.
With all the shortcomings of the bipolar system, it worked quite effectively.
The absence of wars on the European continent and the relatively stable situation in the Middle East proved this.
The triumph of the "winners" in the Cold War eventually resulted in the strengthening of international terrorism.
After a series of terrorist attacks in Europe and the United States in the "civilized world", perhaps, there is not a single quiet corner left.
Despite the common misfortune, the West refuses to talk with Russia at the level of an equal partner.
In such conditions, the only allies of our country are the fleet and the army.
Strengthening military power will allow Moscow to defend its national interests more effectively and to enter new frontiers of world politics.
Scotsman Callum Skinner rushes to the finish line, as a result of which the British seize bicycle gold
Scotsman Callum Skinner raced to the triumph in the men's sprint team at the Rio in the past evening, leaving the United Kingdom's team trio defending their title from London in 2012.
The 23-year-old native of Glasgow was in the role of the strongest that his friend Scotsman Sir Chris Hoy made his own, and the young man proudly went down in history, raced past the home stretch to wrest victory from the favorite team from New Zealand.
Britain claimed the rights to an unexpected victory four years ago, winning when Hoy claimed the rights to the fifth of his six Olympic gold medals.
And they repeated the trick after finishing modestly the sixth at the March World Tracking Championships in London, despite the fact that Hoi from the end of his career.
The issue between Beijing and London was the replacement of specialist member Jamie Staffe.
They did so just at the time when Hindes appeared.
Hui's departure also created a void that Kian Emadi and Matt Crampton attempted to fill.
Skinner was a man held by British coaches, seeing the potential in the Scotsman, which was now realized.
Hindes, Kenny - champions with Hoiu four years ago - and Skinner set an Olympic record in qualifying, but the standard was surpassed by New Zealand in the first round.
And the British trio won a duel for gold.
Hindez was exactly behind after his lap, but Kenny pushed the team forward, and Skinner backed.
Changing strategy was a big part of the transformation, where Hindez rode in a larger gear to slow down and allow Kenny and, in particular, Skinner to keep pace.
Hoi watched from his seat as a visiting BBC expert and caught Skinner's, Kenny's and Hindez's glances when they stepped onto the pedestal.
23-year-old Skinner from Glasgow said: "This is a flattering comparison."
I'm here to do my best and make a name for myself.
We set an Olympic record in the finals and defeated the world champions.
It was incredible.
There is no better way to win.
After the triumph in London in 2012, along with Kenny and Hoy, Hindes admitted intentionally fell to the track after an unsuccessful start.
He later retracted the comment, and there was no way to appeal from the rivals of Great Britain.
There was no such question this time in the greatest victory.
Hindes said: "I felt like in London, with all those flags of Britain on the podium."
We all met as a team in the last three months.
We lost on so many world-famous races, that to win the Olympics was just amazing again.
This is one event, one gold medal for the country, which won seven of the 10 titles of races in both Beijing and London.
If this is a barometer of progress made in the last five months, then the velodrome is waiting for five more successful days.
With the form shown by Kenny, it's not beyond the ability to imagine how he repeats Hoi's feat by winning three Olympic gold medals in some Games.
This would make it possible to see how Kenny - who is exactly 12 years younger than Hoi who was also born on March 23 (this seems to be a sacred date in British sports, which is also the birthday of Steve Redgrave, Mo Farah and Roger Bannister) - completes his account to six gold medals and one silver.
It would be the same as that of Hoi.
The next time Kenny competes in the sprint, which begins today and is played out over three days.
The 28-year-old from Bolton said: "I just enjoy it now.
Team competitions are always the best.
You come to defeat your comrades.
It's a bit lonely to win alone, to be honest.
Hindez said: "If he wins two more gold medals, he should get knighthood."
It was the only draw of medals in a day, but there were subsequent good news for Britain.
Sir Bradley Wiggins, Ed Clancy, Stephen Burke and Owen Dull are qualified by the fastest four kilometer team pursuit race at four.
They finished in 3: 51.943.
The world record, set at the gain of gold in London 2012, is 3: 51.659.
The first round and the final (10:42 pm) will be held today, the second day of the event, where Wiggins will definitely be in the spotlight.
He had a discussion with the commissars yesterday, on the eve of the qualification race, when officials demanded from him to measure his weight.
In an appropriate women's event, which resumes and ends tomorrow, Laura Trott, Joanna Rosell Shand, Elinor Barker and Katie Archibald of Milngavi improved the world record by showing the time 4: 13.260.
Command Britain came to the fact that it relies on a powerful team of cyclists to take ownership of the average period of the Olympic Games and earn a bunch of medals.
After the really exceptional demonstrations of total excellence in Beijing and London, expectations have weakened in a gradual preparation for Rio.
There were dramas in the background, not the last - leaving the post of technical director Shane Sutton in April because of accusations of sexism and oppression, and the departure of large figures such as Hoi and Victoria Pendelton.
However, based on the race of the first evening on the velodrome, it seems that the legendary now glory of Britain and in reaching the tops at the right time, perhaps, will just happen again.
The future of the Portland metallurgical plant is threatened by the cancellation of the electricity contract
The future of the Portland aluminum plant in Victoria - as well as the jobs of hundreds of workers - is under threat because the power company that supplies the plant, according to one of the owners of the plant, is going to terminate the supply contract: it is planned that all supply contracts will be terminated.
This step is a consequence of the decision taken earlier this year by the government of Victoria, not to extend the subsidies provided to support the operation of the plant.
The fixed subsidy for 20 years expires in November.
Up to 2,000 jobs can be at risk at the Alcoa plant in Portland.
As many as 2,000 jobs - directly and indirectly - can be at risk due to any closure.
There may also be additional indirect consequences, as the smelter consumes about 10 percent of all electricity produced in Victoria.
In 2014, Alcoa closed the steel plant in Point Henry, which led to the closure of the power plant in Anglesey last year.
Alcoa's Portland Metallurgical Plant loses money and risks closing.
These actions were the result of thinking about the future of the plant, which has been going on for several years, initially due to the strong position of the Australian dollar, and later - because of the price of the plant's products.
AGL, which supplies a large aluminum plant with electricity from its Loy Yang A power plant in Latrobe Valley, said it expects that the other three owners will also take steps to terminate the contract.
The controlling share of the plant belongs to the joint short-term company of Alcoa and Alumina, while the Chinese company CITIC and the Japanese company Marubeni Corp own smaller shares.
"AGL expects that the Portland facility will continue to operate, that is, that the physical demand for electricity from the metallurgical plant will not stop," she said.
According to AGL, the mentioned contracts are the so-called 'hedged contracts', which were to come into force in November 2016.
Contracts have a 12-month period of termination, so in fact they will end in 2017.
"Accordingly, AGL still expects that these contracts will bring their share of revenue in fiscal year 2017," the electricity company said.
Whatever the potential impact on AGL's profit since the fiscal year 2018 is currently limited to forecasts for a strong futures market for wholesale electricity prices.
AGL said it had already reduced the amount of contracts in its accounts by $ 187 million in view of the "forthcoming termination".
According to Alcoa, the decision to terminate the contracts "does not affect the ability of Alcoa to manage a metallurgical plant or to supply electricity to a metallurgical plant."
The US company said that in 2010 it entered into a twenty-year contract with Loy Yang, which was due to enter into force in November this year, but it still has to explain why it terminated the contract.
Analysts feared the possible closure of both the Portland metallurgical plant in Victoria and the Tomago plant near Newcastle due to the unfavorable economic situation in the industry.
Speaking to analysts earlier this week, the AGL operation manager Steven Mikkelsen said that Portland annually uses about 600 megawatts of energy and Tomago uses about 900 megawatts annually.
If both these plants leave the market, there will be a significant reduction in demand in the [electricity] market.
For us, as for the manufacturer, it will be bad, "he said.
Not only the reality star Kardashian, Kendall on the cover of the September issue of Vogue
Kendall Jenner, 20, model and fourth daughter of the Kardashian-Jenner clan mother manager Chris, appeared on the coveted September cover of the American magazine Vogue.
Kendall, who is the face of the Estee Lauder brand and defiled during the fashion weeks in Milan, Paris and New York, reported this news in her account in Instagram on Thursday.
"Being in the room with my loved ones, I looked at this cover and cried," Kendall wrote.
The cover story was accompanied by a strange (or just in the spirit of the Kardashian Family?), A prepared reality video, in which the entire Kardashian-Jenner family (the rowdy Rob and Caitlin, who was also the general favorite favorite of show business, the producer of the Kardashian Family, Ryan Seacrest), forgot about the appearance of her sister on the cover, and finally the classic twist: they planned a surprise party.
This is the standard storyline for almost all episodes of children's television shows devoted to birthday (Seacrest pronounces "You thought we forgot about you?" With the sincerity of the cartoon rabbit from the program at 8 am), but Chris needed this glory somehow to get to other girls.
Because with this episode, dedicated to the September issue of Vogue, we, undoubtedly, entered the new era of the Kardashian show.
Let older sister Kendall Kim and got on the cover of Vogue before (she appeared on it with her husband Kanye West in April 2014), but the September cover of the magazine is an achievement in itself.
The September issue is the best-selling issue of Vogue for the year.
Thickness is more like a gift edition than a fashion magazine, the issue attracts a huge number of advertisers (according to the calculations of the portal Fashionista, 615 pages from last year's 832-page issue contained advertisements).
The news about which of the stars will get on his cover is expected with such impatience that in the last two years the magazine's photos have merged to the official announcement.
Previous women on the cover include Naomi Campbell, Linda Evangelista and Kate Moss.
In recent years, on the cover, of course, there have been more "celebrities who work models" than "models that are celebrities."
The Oscar winner and the face of the Dior brand Jennifer Lawrence was presented on the cover in 2013, a year after this honor fell Lady Gage.
But even in the unlikely event that Jenner, which the magazine described as "an outstanding model" of his generation, falls into the first category, it is in a good company.
These celebrities are not relatives of famous people, reality show stars or modern children who know how to make a good video in Snapchat (although Jenner falls into all these categories).
They are really talented women who succeed in the entertainment industry.
For Beyonce, which appeared on last year's cover, this year was one of the most successful in the career in connection with the release of the album Lemonade.
Of course, not everyone is happy about Jenner's success.
The position of Jenner in the fashion world, in view of her past star of a television reality show, always had to remain shaky.
In June, one of the first models of Victoria's Secret Stephanie Seymour criticized Jenner and her colleague Gigi Hadid, calling them "knots of the moment."
These moods reappeared again after the news about the appearance of Jenner on the cover of Vogue.
But obsessing over the discontent is meaningless.
Kendall Jenner on the cover of the September issue of Vogue.
She is a supermodel in every sense of the word.
She defiles for Marc Jacobs.
She sells you a foundation of Estee Lauder.
She, and all her sisters, sell you their photos in their own applications, available for paid subscription.
She sells her own photos taken by daughter Cindy Crawford to LOVE magazine.
And in her spare time, perhaps to still see her sister Courtney and her children, she participates in a reality TV show.
Public law centers refuse to serve 160,000 people a year
Every year, more than 160,000 less protected people are denied service in public legal centers, as this sector is preparing for an effect that will further cut funding for already already under-performance activities.
In Queensland, three out of five people - mostly the elderly, immigrants, unprotected workers, victims of violence, people who do not have the opportunity to fight unfair deprivation of property, etc. - have already been refused, trying to get free legal aid and representation.
Public legal services, already working outside of opportunities, are preparing for further reductions.
From June next year, these legal centers should lose another 30 percent of federal funding.
Director of Public Law Centers of Queensland, James Farrell said that according to the report of the last census of the National Association of Public Law Centers, already thousands of people a year are denied.
Farrell said that if the decision of the federal government is not revoked, the situation will only worsen.
"Public legal centers in Queensland are constantly receiving inadequate funding: this means that thousands of people are denied the vital services they need," he said.
People who leave violent relationships, people with uncontrollable and ruinous debts, families that go through divorce, unfairly dismissed workers - all these people have legal problems, and this report shows that they can not get the help they need.
The federal government will cut funding by 30 percent from June 2017, which means thousands of less protected Queensland residents will have to deal with complex legal issues without help.
We call upon the Minister of Justice and Senator George Brandis of Queensland to immediately abolish these funding cuts so that people can receive the necessary assistance when they face legal problems.
Last year, the state government fulfilled its obligation to raise funding for free legal aid to the national average.
Now is the time to pay attention to the needs of public legal centers and communities, their clients, and the government of Palaschuk is about to invest in this important work.
Donald Trump's campaign headquarters was sued after an employee was allegedly threatened with a pistol
According to reports from New York, Donald Trump's campaign headquarters was sued: it was alleged that the headquarters did not take anything after reporting that its operating director in North Carolina had threatened a pistol with an employee when they were traveling in a jeep in February.
The incident was described in a lawsuit filed Wednesday in the state court in Charlotte by Vincent Bordini, a former software instructor in the campaign headquarters of the state.
Bordini said he waited several months for the problem to be resolved internally, but realized that "this will not happen."
Director Earl Phillip "took out a pistol, put his right index finger on the trigger and sent the muzzle to Vincent's kneecap," Bordini argues in the complaint.
Having complained to the local and regional administration of the campaign headquarters, Bordini realized that at least four more people had become participants in similar incidents with Phillip, is asserted in the appeal.
"Pistols do not have to shoot to inflict damage," Bordini said in a complaint.
The suit took place just two days after the Republican presidential candidate made a splash, telling listeners in North Carolina that "people of the Second Amendment" - understood as arms owners and amateurs - can begin to act if his rival Hillary Clinton is elected and can choose judges.
Trump's campaign headquarters said that the media pulled his words out of context, and that he did not speak out in support of violence.
In her complaint, Bordini requires compensation from the campaign headquarters for negligent control, and from Phillip - for threat of physical violence, insult to action and causing moral harm.
Trump's representative, Hope Hicks, hesitates to respond to a request for comment.
Attempts to talk with Phillip were unsuccessful.
WCCB, a local news partner in Charlotte, said that Phillip recently left the campaign headquarters.
In response to a call to his consulting firm, Innovative Consulting Services, no one quickly called back.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump held a controversial campaign.
Case: Bordini v. Donald J. Trump For President Inc., 16-CS-14300, General Court, High Court Division for Mecklenburg County (Charlotte).
Britain should channel the Olympic spirit and expand Heathrow
Heathrow will also bring revival and prosperity not only in our local communities and throughout London, but throughout the country.
As for me, it was exactly that huge advantage of Heathrow, just as it was with London 2012, where we did our best to make our peoples and regions benefit from the Games.
The Olympic Games have brought tremendous benefits to Stratford and the East End.
And we will do so again, creating opportunities for local residents and businesses alongside Heathrow.
Only for our local communities we will create 10,000 new internships, 40,000 new jobs and put an end to youth unemployment around the airport.
Just as it was before London 2012, there will be those who think that the task of expanding Heathrow is too large.
I was told that Britain will never be ready for the Olympic Games, and that we will find ourselves in a difficult situation on the world stage.
Skeptics made mistakes in 2012, and they will prove wrong about Heathrow.
There are always obstacles that need to be overcome, but Heathrow answers any question asked about him.
Like the Olympic Games, Heathrow is an infrastructure project for the majority, not just for a narrow circle.
Expansion is an opportunity to create up to 180,000 new jobs, 211 billion pounds of economic growth, leaving a legacy of skills and employment both around the airport and throughout the United Kingdom.
We have a great team in Heathrow, which implemented the program of 11 billion pounds of infrastructure investment on time and within budget, from the T5 - elected the best airport terminal for five consecutive years, to T2, built in the middle of the world's two busiest runways.
Now they are ready to provide a third runway, confirmed by 16 billion pounds of private investment.
The Olympic Games in London 2012 were a huge success for the UK, and I'm sure that Heathrow's expansion will also happen.
It is time for us to direct the Olympic spirit in the right direction and expand Heathrow, ensuring our trading future and creating a legacy of skills and employment that Britain can be proud of.
Lord Paul Dayton - Chairman of the Heathrow Council and former Treasury Trade Attache
Adblock Plus, Facebook play "cat and mouse" on the issue of ad blocking
For companies that make money on Internet advertising, attempts to circumvent software to block advertising are a game of cat and mouse, according to one of the companies that creates such software.
On Thursday, just a couple of days after Facebook announced that it was going to block ad blockers on its desktop version of the site, Adblock Plus posted a blog entry stating that users can update their filters in the program to block ads on the social network again.
On Tuesday, Facebook announced that the desktop version of the site will change the layout around its ads so that ad blockers will find it harder to recognize which parts of the page are advertising.
But Adblock now claims to be able to get around the new code.
In his blog post, Adblock spokesman Ben Williams wrote that "this kind of mutual struggle between the community of open-source advertising blockers and those who try to circumvent it continues from the moment of the invention of blocking advertising," and it is possible that Facebook will present its own solution in the near future.
The fact that the world's largest social network has entered the fight is a clear sign of how big the problem has been blocking advertising for the industry.
Worldwide, about 200 million people use ad blockers, according to last year's Pagefair and Adobe research, nearly four times as many who used such software in 2013.
Given 1.3 billion daily active users who visit Facebook via mobile devices, mobile advertising now accounts for 84 percent of Facebook's revenue from advertising.
However, the company hunts for ad blockers on the desktop version, as mobile ad blockers are ineffective in mobile Facebook applications for the social network and Instagram, according to the representative.
But still advertising in the desktop version is a fairly profitable article, so that Facebook found this step a profitable investment.
Also on Thursday, Facebook announced that it was going to update its tool "advertising preferences" to give people more control over how they targeted advertising.
On Thursday, Facebook said that the new Adblock filters are worrying, as they will also block some non-advertising content on the site.
"This will not be a positive experience for people, and we plan to solve this problem," the Facebook representative stated in an official e-mail.
Advertisement blockers are a rough tool, so instead we focused on creating tools like Advertising Preferences to transfer control to people.
The woman moved to the Swiss motorway in an episode of apparent suicide
The victim lay on the freeway in the middle of the night.
Police call witnesses after a woman moved several vehicles on the freeway early Thursday morning in a clear attempt at suicide.
The incident occurred on A1 near Walrus in the canton of Vaud immediately after midnight on Thursday.
The woman lay down on the road in the darkness "in a gesture of despair" and she was hit by several vehicles, police said in a statement.
Explicitly trying to kill themselves, the victim, a Swiss woman at the age of 49, hit several vehicles, including a truck.
She died on the spot.
Several involved drivers have already been interviewed, but the identity of some has not yet been established, the police said, which calls them and someone else who was a witness of the incident to respond.
A criminal case was instituted, a "logical" step in such a situation, said lawyer Giles Hofstetter Le Tribune de Geneve.
However, it remains to be seen whether any of the involved drivers will be charged.
Was it possible to avoid a blow?
That's what the prosecutor has to determine, "Hofstetter said.
Two other similar cases over the past five years suggest that drivers will not be held responsible.
In each case - both of which involve a person walking in the dark along the freeway - a sentence was pronounced that motorists can not expect an accidental encounter with a pedestrian on the freeway in the middle of the night, the newspaper reports.
Last year, the officer was acquitted of causing death by negligence after she struck and killed a man lying on A1 near Payern at night in August 2014.
The 22-year-old victim was drinking and fainting on the road, the court heard.
The court found that a female police officer - who responded to an emergency call - operated the vehicle in a manner that was justified, and that having a person on the road was "an entirely exceptional and unpredictable situation," the judge said.
Someone who has information about the incident on Thursday near the Walrus, should call the police on 021 644 83 46 or 021 644 44 44.
The climate model of NASA: Venus was once inhabited
Venus, perhaps, was once inhabited, according to estimates of the new climate model of NASA.
Scientists from the NASU Space Research Institute Goddard developed a model for exploring the past of Venus, using tools and algorithms similar to those used by climatologists.
The model was designed to determine whether Venus, with its hot waterless surface and carbon-saturated atmosphere, could ever have had conditions similar to that of the earth.
Scientists previously assumed that the small speed of rotation of Venus is due to its dense atmosphere.
But the latest simulation suggests that Venus probably could have a rarefied atmosphere, similar to the terrestrial, and still rotate slowly.
The model also considered the topography of the early Venus.
On the planet, in all probability, there were more arid regions than on Earth, but once it had enough water and enough geographical variability to create conditions for life and prevent rapid evaporation.
Early Venus also benefited the sun, which was 30 percent duller.
"According to the GISS model, the slow rotation of Venus substitutes its day side of the sun for almost two months at a time," the GISS scientist Anthony Del Henio explained in a press release.
It warms the surface of the planet and produces rain, which creates a thick layer of clouds, acting as an umbrella, protecting the planet's surface from a significant part of the sun's heat.
The result is average climatic temperatures, which, surprisingly, are several degrees colder than in our days on Earth.
The model shows the history of Venus, similar to the development, which was previously assumed by specialists in the study of planets.
Despite the fact that once Venus may have been inhabited, it has been exposed to too much heat and ultraviolet radiation for several billion years.
Its oceans evaporated and its water vapor was burned by ultraviolet radiation.
When her hydrogen evaporated, there was only a dense atmosphere of carbon dioxide with a deadly greenhouse effect - that is, Venus, as we know it today.
Researchers shared the results of their new climate model of Venus in the journal Geophysical Research Letters.
Patrick Roy is leaving the post of coach of the team Avalanche
Patrick Roy left the post of coach and vice president of hockey activities Colorado Avalanche on Thursday, citing a lack of influence during the decision-making process in the team.
Executive Vice President / CEO of the Colorado team Joe Sakik confirmed the news and noted that the club will begin to look for a new coach immediately.
"Over the past three years, I have served as head coach and vice president of hockey activities for Colorado Avalanche with energy, passion and determination," Roy, 50, said in a statement.
During the summer, I spent long and hard thinking about how I could improve this team to give it the depth it needed and raise it to a higher level.
To achieve this goal, the vision of the coach and vice president of hockey activities should ideally match the organization's vision.
He must also have the right to vote when making decisions that affect the work of the team.
These conditions are not met at the moment.
Sakik, who hired Roy on May 23, 2013, thanked Roy for his contribution to the team.
"Patrick told me about his decision today," Sakik said.
We appreciate everything he has done for our organization, and we wish him success in the future.
Roy won the Jack Adams Award as the best league coach during his first season with the Avalanche team in 2013-2014.
He led the club to 112 points and a victory in the Central Division, but Colorado was defeated by Minnesota in the first round of the playoffs and lost the playoffs for the last two years.
Team Avalanche announced an assessment of 39-39-4 in the season 2015-2016 and five points behind the Wild team in the fight for the second concession ticket to participate in the Western Conference.
Goalkeeper from the Hall of Fame, Roy won four Stanley Cups - two with Montreal Canadiens and with Avalanche.
Oilmen of the North Sea resume negotiations and suspend the strike
Workers' strikes on the wages of oil workers in the North Sea are suspended, and all parties to the discussion are starting a new round of talks, leading representatives of the parties said.
Strikes against oil service company Wood Group were sporadically organized on platforms in the North Sea, which are managed by Royal Dutch Shell.
"Wood Group and Unite and RMT unions can confirm that we agreed to resume the negotiation process to resolve current disputes," the joint statement said.
We will hold several full-day meetings for the next few weeks, starting from the beginning of the next week, to take a fresh look at the problems.
The unions reported that their recent action, which they said was the first in more than 25 years, was directed against potential pay cuts of up to 30 percent.
Wood Group this year has reduced rates paid by contract employees working in the North Sea, about 9 percent due to negative market tension.
The reduction in rates on the part of the company occurred after a 10% reduction in rates for contract employees working on shore in 2014.
According to the company, additional cuts will give it the space necessary to overcome the market downturn.
Shell, for its part, has cut thousands of people and announced plans to stop oil and gas operations in countries with up to 10, as it rationalizes its operations due to its mega merger with the British energy company BG Group.
Energy companies are under pressure due to lowered prices for crude oil: the economic situation has deteriorated because of the decision to withdraw from the European Union, adopted in June by the UK.
Scottish Member of Parliament Dave Anderson met with trade union leaders earlier this week to discuss one of the biggest labor conflicts that cropped up in the North Sea in our era.
The North Sea, he said, is vital for the regional economy.
"In the North Sea, and across the country, we need an economy that would work for the majority, not just for some," he said in a statement.
Less than $ 1.4 billion of costs for new projects in the North Sea is expected in 2016, in contrast to the average value of about $ 7 billion over the past five years.
Kepler measures the rotation speed of stars in the Pleiades cluster
The last mission of the space telescope Kepler helped astronomers to compile the most complete catalog of the rotation speeds of stars entering the Pleiades cluster.
The new data helps astronomers understand why stars in a cluster rotate at different speeds, and how the periods of rotation correlate with the formation of planets.
"We hope that by comparing our results with other star clusters, we will learn more about the relationship between the mass of the star, its age and even the history of its solar system," said Louise Riball, a researcher at the Center for Infrared Processing and Analysis at the California Institute of Technology.
The Pleiades cluster is 445 light years from Earth.
Many of the stars in the cluster now only reach maturity, they were born about 125 million years ago.
They rotate as fast as they never will again.
At their peak rotation speeds, these maturing stars emit large amounts of stellar wind.
Traveling through the magnetic fields of stars, these winds exert a retarding effect on the stars.
As the star ages its rotation speed begins to slow down.
Kepler measures the speed of rotation of each star, tracking the time between the appearance of recognizable stellar spots - such as sunspots.
The newest catalog of speeds of rotation forces to assume that more massive stars rotate more slowly, than less massive stars.
Riball compares stars with dancers: larger ones make pirouettes slower than smaller ones.
"In the Pleiades ballet, we see that those that rotate slowly are usually more massive, whereas those that rotate faster usually refer to very light stars," Riball said.
Since the Pleiades cluster is so close, it serves as an ideal space laboratory for comparing the properties of stars with the velocities of rotation.
"The star cluster of the Pleiades provides a starting point for theoretical models of rotation of stars, both younger and older," Riball said.
We still want to learn a lot about how, where and why the stars slow their speed of rotation and hang their "dance shoes" on the nail, figuratively speaking.
Riball and her colleagues elaborated on their latest analysis of the Pleiadian rotation speeds in three new articles that will soon be published in the Astronomical Journal.
The investigation related to the activities of a group of Ukrainian saboteurs detained in Crimea is conducted by two departments, writes Kommersant.
The FSB gathers evidence of the involvement of detainees in the preparation of sabotage in the Crimea.
As previously reported, Evgeniy Panov, a resident of the Ukrainian city of Energodar, gave grateful testimony, who agreed to cooperate with the investigation.
According to him, as objects for sabotage, he considered the chemical plant "Titan" in Armyansk, the tank farm in Feodosia, the Kerch ferry crossing, the gas pipeline, and also one of the military airfields.
Law enforcers believe that not all the accomplices of the saboteurs were detained.
This, in particular, became the basis for the arrest of suspects in the Kiev district court of Simferopol, the newspaper notes.
The main coach of the Russian national football team was Stanislav Cherchesov
At a meeting of the executive committee of the Russian Football Union, it was decided to appoint Stanislav Cherchesov, head coach of the Russian national football team.
The contract with him will be calculated for two years - until the completion of the 2018 World Cup.
On August 11, the RFU Executive Committee appointed Stanislav Cherchesov as head coach of the Russian national football team.
He is a famous football player who played in the Moscow Spartak's position as a goalkeeper, as well as a coach with solid experience, who was the coach of such Russian teams as the same Spartak, Pearl Sochi, Terek, Amkar, Dynamo, and Warsaw's Legia, which won the national championship and the national cup.
It is reported that the contract with Cherchesov will be signed in the very near future and is designed for two years.
Thus, it is his duty to prepare the national team for the 2018 World Championships.
It is known that his coaching staff will include Miroslav Romashchenko, Gintaras Stauche, Vladimir Panikov.
There is information according to which the salary of the entire coaching staff will be 2.6 billion euros per year.
According to the media, the leadership of the RFU has set before Stanislav Cherchesov the goal to bring the Russian national team to the semi-finals and win medals.
As stated by the coach himself, as a priority, he considers creating a competitive environment in the team and is going to give players the opportunity to prove themselves.
Also, according to Cherchesov, he is glad that the choice fell on him.
The first match under the leadership of Cherchesov Russian team will hold August 31 in Antalya - it will be a friendly match with the Turkish team.
Earlier, the post of head coach of the Russian national football team was occupied by Leonid Slutsky, who combined him with coaching at the club CSKA.
He announced his resignation from the post after the failure of the national team of Russia for Euro-2016 in France.
At the same time, he took responsibility for the bad result of the national team.
Sandwiched between Angola and South Africa, Namibia suffered greatly during the long struggle against apartheid.
Nevertheless, after gaining independence from South Africa in 1990, this country with a population of 2.4 million people has made tremendous progress, especially in the last few years.
The main reason for Namibia's success is that the government pays great attention to education.
While people in developed countries take for granted free primary and secondary education, many poor countries in middle and even primary schools require tuition fees.
Moreover, governments are often advised to introduce fee training for "cost recovery".
However, in Namibia, primary schooling is free of charge.
Moreover, since 2015, secondary education has become free.
The country's authorities are also actively working in other important areas.
Efforts to eradicate malaria have reduced the number of annual cases of disease by 97% in the last ten years.
Contrary to the international trend of rising inequality, in Namibia it is declining.
Compared with the 1993 indicator, the Gini coefficient, which is the standard measure of income inequality, dropped by 15 points.
Then, 23 years ago, this indicator was one of the highest in the world.
And the poverty level declined from 69% in 1993 to less than 30%.
The number of people living in extreme poverty (less than $ 1.90 per day) also declined, from almost 53% to less than 23%.
Namibia also has the highest freedom of speech rating in Africa, according to "Reporters Without Borders."
The country was much ahead of the United States and other rich states.
In addition, the country has a favorable rating - one of the highest in Africa - in the "Corruption Perceptions Index", made up of human rights defenders from Transparency International.
Even now, when commodity prices are falling, Namibia manages to maintain high growth rates.
At the same time, the ratio of debt to GDP is about 25%, which is less than 1/3 of the debt level in the US and most European countries.
Of course, Namibia also has some problems.
The unemployment rate, at least according to the traditional methods of assessment, still remains quite high - almost 28%.
And, like other countries in the region, Namibia has a high incidence of HIV / AIDS - almost 17% of the population is infected.
The World Bank estimates that Namibia is among the countries with above-average income, but the authorities insist that their state is in fact a developing country.
Namibia, of course, faces some difficulties that are inherent in poorly developed economies.
The state has to develop a very large and arid country with a small population.
On the territory of the country, isolated nomadic tribes of hunter-gatherers live in deserts, which somehow should be integrated into modern society, without losing their identity.
Integration of people who were a quarter of a century ago were on the periphery of the world economy is not an easy task for any country.
For Namibia, this is even more difficult: just like any other country in the world, it is facing the consequences of climate change.
However, Namibia did not think to give up, the country is solving the problems facing it.
Almost immediately after gaining independence, the authorities engaged in creating a diversified economy and a cohesive society.
It is noteworthy that competing political factions came together to work for the common good.
Indeed, Namibia provides cheap medical care not only to its own citizens, but also to its neighbors.
About 15-20% of visitors to medical institutions in the northern regions of Namibia are Angolan citizens.
No one in Namibia speaks of building a wall that would separate the country from poor and corrupt neighbors.
Namibians realized that they do not choose neighbors, and therefore they decided not to conflict with them, but to cooperate - to share scarce water resources, to take part in regional medical projects, to encourage investments and exchange of students.
In addition, the government of Namibia rightly reasoned that rich natural resources can easily become a curse, contributing to the enrichment of the few at the expense of many.
The authorities understand that the income from the natural resources of Namibia needs to be invested in infrastructure and production facilities.
They also realize that it would be irresponsible not to seek maximum profit from the sale of the country's resources, and revise investment laws and production contracts to make sure that this is so.
Transparency is crucial for this process, so strong government support for freedom of speech is so important.
As the head of state Hage Geynog noted, the media often say something that he does not like.
But after the struggle for freedom from apartheid in South Africa, Namibia must protect the freedoms, the president says.
Not all the key resources of Namibia are exhaustible.
Some - such as fishing - are considered renewable, and the government is making every effort to preserve and strengthen them.
Every year more than a million foreign tourists visit the country.
Namibia shows that even those countries that start with serious shortcomings - racism, colonialism, inequality and low development - can embark on a path to overall prosperity.
Its achievement deserves international recognition and imitation.
Many heard about the "Gold of Varna" - the oldest gold objects created by man (4600 - 4200 BC).
Perhaps it was the loudest archaeological sensation of the 1970s: in Bulgaria, during the excavation of the Varna necropolis, a fantastic amount of gold artifacts was found - more than three thousand with a total weight of 6 kilograms.
Only one grave, known as "grave number 43", was extracted 990 gold items totaling more than 1.5 kg.
However, the official status of the world's oldest gold can soon pass to a plain-looking bead found by archaeologists in July this year.
And again in Bulgaria - in a prehistoric settlement, known as Tell Yunatsite.
Unlike Varna, the port city, Tell Yunatsite is located far from the sea, near the village of Yunatsite, Pazardzhik district.
The bead is a golden strip, folded into a ring.
Yavor Boyadzhiev, the head of the excavation at Telle Yunatsite, dated the find in 4600 BC and stated that it is over the gold of Varna for at least 200 years.
The treasures of Varna, we recall, date back approximately the same period, 4600 - 4200 BC.
The technology, allowing to accurately date the metal, does not currently exist.
Where does the confidence in what kind of gold is more ancient?
Obviously, Professor Boyadzhiev knows more than told Reuters: "I'm absolutely sure that gold is more than the gold of Varna."
This is a finding of extreme importance: in appearance this is a tiny subject, however it is large enough to occupy a proper place in history.
In an interview with Reuters Boyadzhiyev said that in the near future, scientists will analyze the composition of the metal, as well as repeatedly and more carefully study the archaeological stratum, where a gold artifact was found.
This will help date the bead as accurately as possible.
The location of the find also explains a lot.
Tell Yunatsite is a famous settlement, even if you have never heard of it.
Currently, Tell Yunatsite is considered the oldest "city" of Europe.
Tell was founded by descendants of people who migrated to Europe from Anatolia (modern Turkey) in the 7th millennium BC.
During the following centuries, metal processing was rapidly developing in this region, from the development of the first metallurgical skills to the creation of a full-fledged industry.
In the domestic historiography for this archaeological community there is a special name: the Balkan-Carpathian metallurgical province.
In the 5th millennium BC, urban-type settlements began to appear around metal processing centers.
Now they are called the oldest cities in Europe.
Among them, Tell Yunatsite is perhaps the oldest, since artifacts of 4,900 BC were found here.
I would call Tell Yunatsite the prototype of a modern city, although it is a very ancient settlement, even compared to Mesopotamia.
"This place is older than Sumer for a thousand years," says Boyadjiev, referring to the generally accepted view that urban culture originated in southern Mesopotamia - modern Iraq.
There the first cities appeared in the usual sense of the word.
Excavations of Tell Yunatsite have been conducted since 1976.
During this time, archaeologists excavated almost 12 hectares, this is about a third of the estimated total area of the settlement.
The remains of the fortress wall, which once reached three meters in height, were found.
From houses and workshops little has been preserved, but archaeologists clearly distinguish streets, public buildings, urban dense buildings, "business center" and residential outskirts.
Tell Yunatsite is often called the "Bird's City": dozens of clay figurines of birds were found here.
All birds are depicted in a state of rest, hence the assumption that they were not decorative objects, but the object of a local cult.
"Bird City" was destroyed around 4,400 BC - perhaps by Indo-European tribes that came from the north-east.
The nomads had no cities, but there were horses and weapons.
Three-meter-high fortress walls did not stop them.
Archaeologists have discovered obvious signs of a brutal massacre: inside the houses were found the remains of old men, women and children with traces of wounds inflicted with battle axes.
New finds and new facts appear every year, changing the usual ideas about the ancient history of mankind.
Bulgarian archeologists are increasingly talking not about individual cultures, but about the "lost" first civilization of Europe that originated in the Balkans.
A powerful stimulus in the search for this civilization was the "gold of Varna", found relatively recently, in 1972.
It is logical that the golden luxury of Varna should have something to precede - something like a tiny golden bead, created in Tella Yunatsite.
In the Porsche artificially aged model 911 Targa
Officially stated that the preparation of the 911 Targa 4S Exclusive Design is carried out manually by the specialists of the unit who work with serial machines.
"Retro bow" is, for example, in the special body color of Etna Blue, which was developed back in 1960 for the Porsche 356B model - even the logo of the model is painted in this color.
In addition, the taga received brand-name white graphics along the sides and special 20-inch RS Spyder rims, as well as some details of the bodywork, painted in "white-gold metallic."
In the interior, the retro dashes are noticeably smaller: it differs, by and large, with the gray-blue design range, new seats with extended ranges of electrical adjustments and black-anodized steel thresholds with the unit logo.
In addition, when buying a special version, each buyer will receive a gift for the car and a richly decorated album with photos of the production process.
Porsche Exclusive specialists did not touch the power unit: the retro-tagga by characteristics completely coincides with the serial one.
It is equipped with a six-cylinder turbocharged engine with a capacity of 3.0 liters, developing 420 hp and 500 Nm.
The most dynamic version of the 911 Targa 4S is capable of accelerating to 100 km / h in 4 seconds.
Porsche 911 Targa 4S Exclusive Design will be released in limited edition, but neither its volume nor the cost of each specific sports car is reported.
Facebook and ad blockers unleashed an "arms race"
The recent introduction of Facebook technology, which prevented the concealment of advertisements on social networking sites, provoked developers of solutions to block advertising for response actions.
In AdBlock Plus released "antidote", but Facebook plans to soon make it useless.
So AdBlock Plus promulgated its new technology, which, most likely, will remain effective for a short time
Representatives of the social network noted that, in an effort to deceive the new technology of "non-blocking" advertising, the AdBlock Plus solution, along with commercial announcements, blocks many regular posts from friends or pages.
In Facebook, they deplored the AdBlock Plus policy and promised to solve the problem soon.
As the source among the social network developers told TechCrunch, the code making AdBlock Plus useless on the Facebook desktop site will be ready in the next few hours.
Thus, sotsset and blockers unleashed a kind of "arms race", trying to beat each other, the affected party was the users who missed interesting entries from friends or saw ads where they were not used to seeing it.
The ethical aspects of blocking advertising have recently provoked heated debate.
In Murmansk, the rapist will stand trial • Evening Murmansk.
His case has already been completed by the Investigation Committee of the Russian Federation for the Murmansk region.
The charged 54-year-old man is very serious - the commission of violent acts of a sexual nature.
The investigation found that at the end of November 2015, the accused in the area of Pavlova Street in Murmansk committed sexual acts with the use of violence against a 20-year-old girl. The criminal case against the approved indictment was sent for examination on the merits.
The sanction of this article provides for maximum punishment in the form of imprisonment for up to six years.
Dongfeng will bring to Russia cross-fence Fengguang 370 and pickup Rich New - site Driving www.zr.ru
Dongfeng Fengguang 370 - a representative of the growing class in China class cars, combining the advantages of a minivan and a crossover.
Another announced Russian premiere is the pick-up truck Rich New.
Many western companies of the Moscow International Motor Show decided to ignore this year, therefore the Chinese firms will fill the void of the exhibition halls of the "Crocus Expo".
In particular, Dongfeng Motor Corporation will have a strong front, which has great views on the Russian market and intends to offer our motorists a number of interesting novelties in the near future.
One of them will be the cross-flow Dongfeng Fengguang 370, which went on sale in China this spring at a price of 55,900 yuan (just under 550,000 rubles at the current rate).
Russians do not have such a price tag, and the question of deliveries to our country is still under discussion.
In China, by the way, Fengguang 370 in June sales managed to get to the 11th place in the list of the best-selling minivans, although due to its high ground clearance (175 mm) and a protective plastic body kit along the lower perimeter of the body, it can be considered crossover.
Cross-platform is built on the front-drive platform of the younger model Fengguang 360, the 370th has the same wheelbase at 2725 mm, but the body is slightly longer (4565 mm vs. 4510 mm), the design is more solid, and the equipment is richer.
The salon is decorated with wooden plates, but the large vertical touchscreen "like Tesla" shown on the photo was on the center console only on the early exhibition copies of the crosswave, and the cars with the "music" were simpler to go on sale.
Five of the seven seats are easily folded, forming a level loading platform 1650 mm long, the maximum volume of the trunk is 1500 liters.
The engine for the Fengguang 370 is only one - a 1.5-liter gasoline "atmospheric" 115 hp, docked with a 5-speed manual gearbox.
On the dynamic qualities of the car producer modestly silent, but promises a sparing budget owner's appetite at 6.7 l / 100 km.
Pick-up Rich New - this is familiar to Russians Nissan NP300 Navara before last generation, but with a slightly ennobled Chinese stylists design.
Despite the obsolete design, this model still enjoys stable demand among the Chinese consumer as a reliable and unpretentious "workhorse".
At a similar price, Rich New is likely to be of interest to Russians, too, because modern Japanese pick-ups have become prohibitively expensive.
Rich New is equipped with two engines to choose from: petrol 2.4 liters (137 hp) or turbodiesel 2.5 liters (116 hp).
The gearbox is only a mechanic, the drive is to the rear wheels, but there are modifications and with a hard-wired "front end".
Will be at the stand Dongfeng and the new flagship sedan A9, its Russian premier representation of the Chinese company announced back in June.
Minivenopodobnyh crossovers in the Chinese market is becoming more and more recent, one of the latest innovations - Cowin V3 and SWM X7.
At present, the Russian line Dongfeng consists of two models: the S30 sedan and H30 Cross hatchback.
For seven months of this year, Chinese company dealers sold 696 cars in our country.
Notices on the transport tax will cease to be sent by mail - site Driving www.zr.ru
The Tax Inspectorate changed the order of dispatch of notices on property taxes.
All Russian car owners are accustomed to the scheme that has not changed for years: in the summer and in the autumn they receive by mail receipts for payment of the transport tax for the previous year.
However, this year many of them will not wait.
The fact is that the tax inspection changed the order of notification of citizens without any noise.
Those who are registered in the "Personal account of the taxpayer" on the official website of the agency nalog.ru, notices will come in electronic form.
The inspection automatically found such Russians online users and deleted them from the standard, "paper" mailing.
The innovation will affect all owners of vehicles and real estate.
All the rest will still receive the usual letters.
However, the owners of the account on the site have the opportunity to return to the old scheme.
To do this, they will have to visit the tax office in August and write a statement.
On the one hand, the new order is more modern and more convenient.
The notice will appear in the "personal cabinet" immediately after the compilation, whereas the letter will go for several days and may be completely lost.
In addition, the number of users of the Internet service tax inspection exceeded 18 million people, which will allow the department to seriously save on the mailing list.
On the other hand, the modest news on the inspection site is clearly not enough to inform citizens about the changed order.
Some could register in the "private office" to receive a one-time service and have long forgotten about it.
These people will not wait for notices by mail and, without knowing it, fall into the category of defaulters with all the ensuing consequences.
Access to the "Personal account of the taxpayer" is carried out in three ways: through the account of the portal gosuslugi.ru, using an electronic signature or entering the login and password specified in the registration card.
The latter can be obtained personally in any branch of the tax inspection (regardless of the place of registration).
We remind you that this year the transport tax must be paid before December 1.
The notification mailing began in July.
Tuning Mercedes-Benz G-class, in which refinements are aimed at achieving very high returns - a thing in itself.
But the controversial concept did not confuse the masters of the company G-Power, who took up the modification of the sport version of Mercedes-AMG G 63.
G-Power is known for its addiction to BMW cars, but nothing human to its masters is alien.
Indeed, why not improve the G 63 - 571-strong flying sledgehammer with aerodynamics of the tank and acceleration to hundreds in 5.4 s?
Pumping up the "muscles" of the crazy "helik", the masters took advantage of the benefits of the 5.5-liter supercharged "eight".
But the dynamics of overclocking to a hundred improved by indistinguishable 0,1 s, and now the flying "brick" is capable of a spurt for 5.3 seconds.
However, acceleration from medium speeds is surely given to him much better.
The speed ceiling is frightening: if the standard G 63 does not go faster than 210 km / h, then a tuned all-terrain vehicle with a deactivated electronic "collar" can squeeze 250 km / h.
Outside, the car is virtually indistinguishable from its original factory source, except for other wheel rims - 23-inch Hurricane RR dimension of 305/35 ZR 23.
The luxury division of Mercedes-Maybach announced an astonishing 6m concept coupe that will be presented in the Pebble Beach Elegance Competition.
The company Mercedes-Benz is going to compete with the "green subbrand" BMW i and will promote its electric models under a separate brand.
In the coming years, the appearance of at least four eco-friendly novelties is expected.
