28-year-old chef was found dead in shopping centre San Francisco
28-year-old chef, who recently moved to San Francisco, was found dead in the stairwell of a local shopping centre this week.
However, the victim's brother says he can't imagine someone who'd want to hurt him, noting: "Finally, things had gone smoothly".
- A body found in the Westfield Mall on Wednesday morning was identified as 28-year-old resident of San Francisco Frank Galicia, said the Bureau is judicial-medical examination of San Francisco.
The police Department of San Francisco reports that the death was classified as murder and investigations are ongoing.
The victim's brother, Luis Galicia, told channel KGO broadcasting company ABC in San Francisco that Frank, past the cook line hand in Boston, got his dream job as a restaurant cook in San Francisco's Sons & Daughters six months ago.
The representative of the Sons & Daughters said they were "shocked and devastated" by his death.
"We are a small team that works like one happy family and will be sorely missed," said the representative.
Our thoughts and condolences to the family and friends of Frank during this difficult period.
Luis Galicia said that Frank first stayed in hostels, but in recent years "Finally, things had gone smoothly".
"He found the apartment he was met with a girl" - Luis Galicia told KGO.
Luis Galicia said that can't imagine someone who would hurt his younger brother.
He had a good soul and a big heart.
His method of communication with the family was always cooking us a meal, to cook us dinner," said Luis Galicia.
He never wanted to be involved in any altercation.
He was the brother that went with it.
"With all the bad that happens to this world, he was the uncut diamond which shone brightly every day," he said.
Anyone with information is asked to call the tip Line number SFPD at 415-575-4444.
Churkin said that the meeting of the UN security Council on Crimea was useful.
Permanent representative of Russia to the UN Vitaly Churkin said that the last meeting of the UN Security Council on Crimea was helpful, Interfax reported.
"I think the discussion was helpful for us, and we gave them information about what happened," - said Churkin.
He explained that in closed consultations of the security Council, he presented to member States information about incidents on the territory of the Republic of Crimea and read the statement of the Ministry of foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation, which "expressed concern and outrage over the terrorist attempts and sabotage in the territory of the Republic of Crimea".
The Russian men's team reached the final of the combined relay 4 by 100 meters
The Russian men's team managed to reach the final of the combined relay 4 by 100 meters in swimming at the Olympics in Rio de Janeiro.
Russians in qualifying was made by Anton Chuprov, Evgeny Koptelov, Alexander Sukhorukov and Grigory Tarasevich.
They swam the distance in 3 minutes 32,95 seconds.
The Russians showed the sixth result.
In the preliminary round, the best time from the British 3 - minute 30,47 seconds.
The final will take place late on Saturday evening.
Russian foil fencers defeated the Americans and were in the finals of the tournament at the Olympics.
Russian national team on fencing in the finals of the team tournament at the Olympic games in Rio de Janeiro.
In the semi-final, the Russian athletes defeated the American team with a score of 45:41.
The final will take place at 00.30, in this the Russians have to fight with the French team, which won the semi-final match against Italy with a score of 45:30.
The Russian judoka was released in 1/8 finals of the Olympics
Russian judoka Renat Saidov on Friday defeated the Austrian Daniel Allerstorfer in the 1/16 finals of the Olympic games in the category over 100 kg, the website of the competition.
In one-eighth finals of the Russians will meet with the Brazilian Rafael Silva.
Two of the four gold medals at the Olympics in Russia, brought the wrestlers.
Beslan Mudranov was the best in the weight category up to 60 kg, Hasan Halmurzaev - in category to 81 kg.
At the moment, the Russian team ranked seventh in the medal standings with no fewer than 19 awards.
The size of public debt of Italy has increased to record levels
The size of public debt in Italy in June of 2016 exceeded 2,248 trillion euros.
The Central Bank of the country said that this amount is a historic high, reports RIA Novosti.
The previous negative record was set in may of this year.
Then the size of the national debt has reached 2,228 trillion euros.
It is noted that for the first half of the debt load of Italy rose to 77.2 billion euros.
Earlier it was reported that at the end of 2015 the national debt of Italy amounted to 132.7% of GDP.
Meanwhile, the Italian Minister of economy and Finance pier Carlo Padoan predicted decline in 2016 to 130.9%, and in 2018 - to 123.4% of GDP.
Payments to the airport and got 141 victim of a terror act in "Domodedovo".
141 people received benefit payments from the Fund "Aviation", which was created by the management of the airport "Domodedovo" to help victims of the terrorist attack in 2011, reports Interfax.
According to the press-Secretary of the airport Alexander Vlasov is currently considering two applications.
"The Fund continued benefit payments to the victims of the terrorist attack in 2011 and is a comprehensive assistance to address the remaining issues," - said Vlasov, Recalling that specifically to facilitate interaction with the victims was created on the Foundation website, containing full information on an order of rendering of the charitable help.
In 2011, arrivals of foreign airlines Domodedovo suicide bomber detonated an explosive device.
In the attack, 37 people were killed, 172 were injured.
Scientists have found an animal that can live for 500 years
An international team of biologists came to the conclusion that the most long-lived vertebrates is polar Greenland shark, which can live about 500 years, reports RT.
The researchers conducted radiocarbon analysis of the eye lens 28 Greenland sharks.
The largest shark, the length of which exceeds five meters, can be from 272 to 512 years.
Biologists believe that an important role in the longevity of sharks is low metabolism, which leads to a slow development.
Female Greenland sharks reach sexual maturity only to 150 years.
Previously it was thought that the longest living vertebrates "neighbor" sharks - the Greenland whale.
The oldest individual known to scientists, was a little over 210 years.
Putin changed the composition of the security Council of the Russian Federation.
Russian President Vladimir Putin signed a decree amended the composition of the security Council of the Russian Federation, reported the press service of the Kremlin.
Earlier it became known that Putin has dismissed the head of the presidential administration Sergei Ivanov, his successor appointed Anton Vaino.
Ivanov will now work as the special representative of the President on environmental issues, ecology and transport.
From among the permanent members of the security Council of the Russian Federation has excluded somecriteria Council Rashid Nurgaliyev.
The Board included Sergei Ivanov , Anton Vaino, the presidential envoy in the Siberian Federal district Sergey meniailo and the presidential envoy in the northwestern Federal district, Nikolai Tsukanov.
Sergei Ivanov dismissed from the post of head of the presidential administration.
Decree of the President Sergey Ivanov released the head of the Kremlin administration.
Ivanov was appointed the special representative of the Russian Federation for environmental protection, environment and transport.
The new head of the administration appointed Anton Vaino, who previously held the post of Deputy Sergey Ivanov.
According to Vladimir Putin, Ivanov had asked him to transfer to another job.
Whether to go to a sanatorium if there is no health problems?
Our expert - the head physician of sanatorium Olga Bogush.
But if a person is healthy, just tired from work, is it worth it to go to a sanatorium?
Resort necessary for us not only for treatment but also for disease prevention.
In the conditions of sanatorium employees can check the status of your body and get the advice of a doctor how to live that his health is not destroyed.
Such recommendations will not be superfluous to anyone.
"Just tired from work" is an important signal of the body, it is not necessary to dismiss.
Constant stress, mental and physical fatigue can lead to depression and chronic fatigue syndrome.
And stress have about 90% of visitors.
And the most he is exposed to people from big cities aged 45 to 55 years.
So it is better not to complicate the situation and give yourself time to relax.
Studies show that 98% of people reduce their biological age during the stay in the sanatorium.
Modern resorts offer comfortable stay for the whole family.
So, if you want to spend a vacation with children, you will not have to part with them.
For children, even the smallest ones, provided Wellness programs, which include both diagnostic services, consulting pediatrician, tests and therapeutic.
For example, swimming (many resorts have children's pools), inhalation, special diet, massage, oxygen cocktails, physiotherapy.
A course of treatments determined by the physician based on individual indications and peculiarities of the growing organism.
In addition, in sanatoria, as a rule, a children's club with animators, where children can explore games, various workshops.
Some resorts open their doors for guests with infants, to provide infants the necessary conditions and provide services of experienced nanny.
Mild winters, long summers, plenty of sun days in a year (over 300) create good conditions for year-round recreation at the resorts of Caucasian Mineral Waters.
And then the body needs rest, not just in summer.
So do not be afraid of the weather outside, especially since the majority of procedures are conducted indoors and do not depend on the season.
In General Spa treatment is preferably carried out 2 times a year, especially to people of Mature age.
The main feature of the region of Caucasian Mineral Waters, of course, healing mineral springs, Slavyanovskaya, Smirnovskaya, Essentuki, Narzan.
Their waters have unique properties and effects on different systems of the body.
Water differs in temperature, amount of salt, TDS, chemical and gas composition.
The doctor picks up the water depending on the condition of the patient.
So, "Narzan" has anti-inflammatory and immunomodulatory effect, restores the function of the gastrointestinal tract and metabolism.
"Essentuki‑4" affects the gastrointestinal tract, reduces the level of sugar.
"Essentuki new" anti-inflammatory, choleretic and diuretic effect.
The same effect has and water "Slavyanovskaya".
When assigning water doctor must take into account the condition of the cardiovascular system.
If there are signs of hypertension, he picks up less salt water because salt delays the liquid, which leads to increased pressure.
Mineral water treatment requires adherence: the water should be drunk at a certain time, in the right quantity and specific temperature.
Now available in spas and beauty treatments for face and body.
What types of healing based on the natural features of the North Caucasus, can be found on the resorts of this region?
Near Pyatigorsk, for example, there is a salty lake Tambukan silt mud which is useful for joints, spine, internal organs.
It has anti-inflammatory, resolving, immunomodulatory effects.
It's a Wellness walk on tailor-made routes.
They are particularly popular in Kislovodsk, where there is a huge Resort Park (the second largest in Europe).
Popular in Kislovodsk, which is located in close proximity to the mineral source "Narzan".
There you can also take baths of wine, pearl, bromine, selenium, sage-liquorice, depending on what you appoint a doctor.
Extend the fruiting.
What to do to harvest until the end of the season?
Says Julia Belopuhov, agronomist and woman.
Tall tomatoes it's time to give a haircut to remove new shoots, cut the top, remove all the leaves until the penultimate brush with fruits and blossoms with small ovaries - will not have time to ripen.
All tomatoes, regardless of the "Constitution", as well as peppers and eggplants to feed ash-superphosphate hood treated with biologics (Gotravel - for faster loading and growth of fruit, fitosporin-M, Fitolavin, Gamair, Bactofit - from disease, immunotsitofit - to enhance immunity, Bitoksibatsillin, Lepidocide, Fitoverm - if you have pests).
Of chemicals at the end of summer is to use only copper sulfate, colloidal sulphur and green soap.
Do the last watering of the plants.
Cucumbers are vigorous in the greenhouse prispuschen with trellis so that the lower, bare part of the stem (25-40 cm) lay on the ground, pour warm water and a solution of Zircon, cover the stem 5-7 cm of compost.
To extend the fruiting zucchini too easy: cut off the old leaves, pour warm water and solution of complex fertilizer, backfill soil under a Bush.
For protection from the night cold set above the patch of an arc with a covering material.
Day keep the plants open, and after sunset cover.
Terminators.
That indicates that Russia is emerging from the crisis?
Economists see signs of recovery from its longest in the last twenty years of the recession.
As noted by analysts surveyed by Bloomberg, Russia's GDP shows a positive trend in the second quarter, GDP fell by 0.8% in annual terms.
This figure is the lowest since the beginning of 2015.
According to the latest data of Rosstat, the decline of the Russian economy in the second quarter slowed to 0.6%.
About stabilizing the situation recently also said the Central Bank and Ministry of economic development.
Ahead - slow growth.
According to experts of the Central Bank, recession in the Russian economy in the past.
"The index rating of Russia's GDP suggests that the recession is behind us, and ahead of a slow growth economy", - stated in the Bulletin of Bank of Russia "as evidenced by trends".
A modular estimate of GDP for the current quarter the experts of the regulator is increased to 0.4%, the assessment for the fourth quarter is 0.5%.
As the representative of the Ministry of economic development, during the second quarter decline in GDP stalled in the second quarter, amounting to 0.2 per cent.
In the second quarter the seasonally adjusted GDP decline of 0.2 percent from the previous quarter.
But during the quarter, the decline stopped in April it was 0.2%, and in may and June, GDP was in the range of 0-0. 15", - quotes the representative of the MAYOR, RIA "Novosti".
The slowdown in the decline of the Russian economy in the last five quarters suggests that the "bottom has been passed".
Among other markers, indicating signs of recovery of the national economy, Bloomberg calls the growth in demand for electricity and rail transport, the recovery of the business.
If you make allowances for the fact that it is a leap year, it is clear that the dynamics at the plus 1% of electricity consumption can be partially attributed to additional working day.
Add to that lower average annual temperatures in the first quarter.
The next argument is the growth of freight traffic, but it is difficult to obtain accurate data, and plus-minus 0.5% semi-annual volume can be attributed to seasonality," explains Kirill Yakovenko from ALOR BROKER.
However, there are other, more obvious signs of stabilization of the Russian economy.
For example, the decline in price pressures.
In July, the consumer price index was 7.2% compared to 15.6% in the same month last year.
Moreover, the last two weeks, Rosstat fixes a deflation.
Prices in Russia fell for the first time in five years.
If you look at the dynamics of the ruble, which, although showed strong oscillations in the beginning of the year, at the end of August since the beginning of the year rose by 12%.
It is also one of the signs of recovery, which should go indicators of the real sector of the economy," stressed Yakovenko.
In addition, since April in Russia there is a growth of volumes of industrial production.
In June the indicator grew by 1.7%.
Slowing the rate of decline of foreign trade turnover with -32,8% in January 2016 to -20,7% in may.
Also demonstrates positive dynamics and the situation on the labor market, where unemployment fell to 5.4%.
It was only in September 2015 (5.2 percent).
Despite the favourable situation on the labour market, the issue of real disposable incomes of the population leave much to be desired.
In annual terms, the indicator decreases by 4.8%.
This factor may hamper economic recovery, as household spending contribute to GDP.
As a rule, in the structure of the economy, their share exceeds 50%.
In addition to low consumer activity, as risk factors for economic growth can also be called a strict policy of the Bank of Russia.
The controller maintains the rate at 10.5%, which is not the best way affects the real sector.
The negative factor is the inadequate level of investment, which hinders the development of the industrial potential.
But in General, we can assume that by the end of the year the rate of decline of the Russian economy will slow to 0.5% against -3.7 percent in 2015", - says the analyst of Forex Club Irina Rogova.
The process of naturalization athletes, recently launched in the Russian football and well-entrenched in the winter sports at the Olympics in Sochi, while not actively developed in the summer sports.
If in the Olympic games in Rio in Russia and the former are foreigners, in most cases we are talking about the natives of the countries - the former republics of the Soviet Union.
But in Rio de Janeiro, we can observe the reverse process - a sufficiently large number of Russians are under the flags of other countries.
In each case, the history of the change of nationality different.
Someone the parents were taken to another country as a child, without a choice.
Someone could not compete for a place in the Russian team.
And someone thought that abroad will create the best conditions for development in sport.
"Aigi" found at least 16 athletes who made the decision to change their Russian citizenship.
The German passport 27-year-old girl says that her name is Lisa Red.
But before that, she was, of course, Elizabeth.
She was born in 1988 in the city of Omsk.
In just four years as soon as the Soviet Union collapsed, Lisa's parents decided to emigrate to Germany.
The girl had no choice.
There she decided to follow in the footsteps of her older sister to pursue athletics.
As well as sister, Lisa chose pole vaulting.
Staying in Russia, are unlikely to be able to "move from the throne" Elena Isinbaeva.
Unfortunately, at the Olympics in Rio, Lisa will be the only one of our countrywoman, though the former, in sector for pole vaulting.
Her best achievement in this sport - bronze of the European championship in 2010 and silver at the continental championship in 2016, which she won again in the absence of Yelena Isinbayeva.
29-year-old Elena Pirozhkova was born in Novokuznetsk in 1986.
Her parents are religious propagandists Evangelical direction.
Largely because of their faith they left for the U.S. when she was only three years.
Besides Elena, they had eight more children.
They all lived in the small town of Greenfield, Massachusetts.
Lena started to get involved in a fight at school.
Showing good results, she moved to the city of Colorado springs, where the Training center of the US struggle continued studies under the guidance of another former Russian Vladislav Ispolinov.
At the 2012 Olympics in London Olena lost in his first fight.
But at the world championship in the same year - a victory.
Prior to that, she managed to win silver at the world championship 2010.
This was followed by a bronze in 2013 and silver in 2014.
26-year-old Maria was born in the city of Yaroslavl, where he first became acquainted with synchronized swimming.
But to say that it brought our coaches in Russia, it would be wrong.
Soon the girl's family decided to immigrate to the USA and live in Colorado city.
There Maria continued her studies.
Soon she was part of team USA and showed excellent results at the pan American games.
It is clear that serious international level the Russian synchronised swimming competition she can not make, but for America, its performance ceiling.
A new name, which in Russian sounds strange, Christina Shaldybina received at the age of 11, when her parents decided to continue training girls in gymnastics in the ocean.
Up to this point, the girl was engaged in a favourite sport in his native Yaroslavl.
Emigrated to the US, she quickly entered in the youth team, and later broke in and in the main national team.
At the pan American games 19-year-old Kristen won gold and silver.
For the first position on the world stage and of course, battle was not necessary, but for US she organized a real breakthrough - brought the stars and stripes national team for the Olympic games in Rio de Janeiro.
Another one of our former "artist" - Jana Berezko-Malgrange, which stands for the German team.
Jan was born in Tolyatti.
In 2008, when she was 13 years old, the family decided to move to Germany - where the girl was more opportunities to get into the national team.
Soon, she has already represented his country at the Olympic games 2012 in London.
There are, however, Ian could finish only 17th place, insufficient for getting to the final competition in the individual championship.
But in the two years prior to that, she managed to win the bronze medal of the Olympic games and youth.
Another gymnast, this time sports - Irina Sazonova.
If path of exile the previously mentioned athletes can be called standard, the choice of the family of Irene is very unusual in Iceland.
Ira is a student of Volgograd sports school.
Naturally, she immediately became the champion of the country.
However, the Ira training in Russia - especially coming home, not to lose skill.
In Rio she performed so well as she would like.
Best place - 40 in the individual all-around.
Information about swimmer's Polkovoy in the Russian information space is extremely small.
For a very long time Maria lives and trains in Switzerland.
However, for a long time she acted under the Russian flag, showing good results - there was even a national record in the 200m butterfly.
In 2015, she received Swiss citizenship and was playing under the red-white flag.
In Rio, her best performance - 14 place integrated in the relay 4×100.
To get to the games, the girl launched a crowdfunding project through which managed to collect about 6 thousand francs, which allowed her to pay for her preparations for the Olympics.
31-year-old freestyle wrestler Batirov, Adam almost his entire career spent under the Russian flag.
During this time, the native of Khasavyurt managed to become a three-time winner of the European Championships, champion of Russia, master of sports of Russia international class.
When he stopped to get into our national team, it's time to think about changing citizenship.
For several years the talented wrestler disappeared from headlights.
The triumphant return took place at the Asian championship 2016 - Batirov has represented Bahrain, which won the gold medal and got a ticket to the Olympics in Rio.
About another ex-Russians, Mikhail Kudinov, the home know even less than you, even about Swiss swimmer Mary Ugolkova.
The fact that his parents emigrated from Vladivostok to New Zealand, when the boy was very young.
It was there that Michael began to engage in gymnastics.
Great success at the international level he has not achieved.
In Rio, his best result was 40th place in the qualification on parallel bars.
But for New Zealand, even getting to the Olympics in gymnastics is already a breakthrough.
When Nastia, born in Moscow in 1985, was only 9 years old, her family emigrated to Israel.
There, the girl continued her studies synchronized swimming, showing high results at the national level.
In 2014 at the European Championships in Berlin, the girl took the 6th place in synchronized swimming.
In a duet with Eugenia, tetelbaum Anastasia took eighth place.
In his recital, she was fifth.
As Anastasia, the 23-year-old Dmitry Kreuter plays for the national team of Israel.
When the boy was only 6 years old, his mother decided to immigrate to Israel.
In 2009 at the age of 17, Dmitry has become the champion of the country.
In the same year he won the youth world Championships.
A year later, Kreuter wins and gold youth Olympic games in Singapore.
In addition to the jump, Dmitry is engaged in the long jump and triple jump.
31-year-old albert - another native of Khasavyurt, who after many performances in Russia took a decision to change his sports citizenship.
However, unlike Batyrova, albert chose Romania, which will represent in Rio.
In Russia he played for the high School sports of Krasnoyarsk, in 2011, even becoming a champion.
28-year-old Oleg Antonov was born in Moscow in the family of the player the USSR national team in volleyball Yaroslav Antonov.
Just a year before the birth of his son Yaroslav was recognized as the best volleyball player on the planet.
He soon decided to pursue a career in Italy.
There the family remained for permanent residence.
In 2015 the national team it became the bronze medalist of the European championship held in the territory of his new homeland.
Hajiyev was born in Chechnya in 1994 and came with his family in the midst of war.
Ten years later the parents decided to emigrate.
The original goal was Norway, but in this North country could not be - had to go to France, to nice.
There Zelimkhan went on to learn freestyle wrestling.
Soon he won the Junior world Championships, and later qualified for the Olympic games.
In Rio it will be the only representative of France in the wrestling tournament.
And again wrestling, and again, the former Russian.
This time we will talk about the native of North Ossetia, who emigrated to Spain, Taimuraz Frieve.
At the end of December 2012, he was awarded Spanish citizenship, and he currently performs for the national team of this country.
Before that, however, 30-year-old athlete managed to show good results in Russia.
He became the bronze medalist of national Championships in 2007 and 2008.
Tired of the misses national team, Mr decided to change sports citizenship.
Last in our list is Chechen boxer born in 1995 in the capital of Dagestan, Makhachkala, Arthur Biarslanov.
When the boy was ten years old, my parents took the family through Azerbaijan to Canada.
There Arthur on the advice of his older brother started Boxing.
Since then, Arthur three times champion of Canada, and in 2012 became the world champion among youth.
In 2015, Biarslanov won the gold at the pan American games, a first for his new homeland since 1975.
The head of the presidential administration of the Russian Federation Anton Vaino.
On Friday, August 12, Vladimir Putin has appointed Anton Vaino as head of the administration of the President of Russia.
Earlier this position was occupied by Sergey Ivanov.
"The head of state signed a decree appointed Anton Vaino, head of the presidential administration of the Russian Federation, relieving him from his post", - is told in the decree signed by Putin and published on the Kremlin website.
Since may 2012, Vaino was Deputy head of the presidential administration of the Russian Federation.
Anton Vaino E. was born 17 February 1972 in Tallinn.
Father - Edward W., Chairman of the Business Council Cuba-Russia chamber of Commerce and industry of the Russian Federation and Vice-President for external relations and interaction with shareholders of "AVTOVAZ".
Grandfather - Karl Vaino - с1978 year 1988 as first Secretary of the Communist party of Estonia.
In 1996 graduated from Moscow state Institute of international relations of the MFA of Russia, faculty of international relations.
From 1996 to 2001, he worked at the Russian Embassy in Japan, then in the Second Department of Asian Affairs of Russia.
From 2002 to 2004, he held various positions in the Office of Protocol of the President of the Russian Federation.
From 2004 to 2007 - Deputy head of the organizational Department of the President of the Russian Federation.
2007 to 2007 - first Deputy head of Protocol of the President of the Russian Federation.
From October 2007 to April 2008 - Deputy head of the government of the Russian Federation.
April 25, 2008: appointed head of Protocol of the President of the Russian Federation government, Deputy Head of the Government of the Russian Federation.
27 Dec 2011 - Minister of the Russian Federation - chief of staff of the Russian government.
May 22 2012 appointed Deputy head of the presidential Administration of the Russian Federation.
Fluent in English and Japanese.
State Councilor Russia grade 1 (the rank assigned by the decree of the President of the Russian Federation from January 22, 2008)
Honorary diploma of the President of the Russian Federation (16 February 2012) for services in support of the government of the Russian Federation and many years of diligent work.
Gratitude of the President of the Russian Federation (24 November 2005) for achievements in the preparation and conduct of festive events dedicated to the 60th anniversary of Victory in the great Patriotic war.
Married, has a son.
Why should the children of the Cossack classes at schools?
According to the Governor Vladimir Kondratiev, "the Cossacks need to educate not promotions and parades, and the system".
They are also expected to grow with at least 7 years to understand that they are Cossacks and education should be a Cossack.
But it seems to me, is formal and, I suspect, more on paper.
If Cossack classes will incorporate all the positive that has been accumulated previously, on a qualitatively new level, I'll be happy.
If everything in a hurry and know-how, a new idea will result in cheap populism.
Housing continues to be one of the most criminal sectors of the economy.
Have a place encroachment on the funds allocated for the utilities sector from the budgets of different levels.
According to the Prosecutor General, the inflated prices - one of the most common crimes in the sphere of housing and communal services.
As a result, consumers in the region have overpaid the energy sector more than 170 million rubles.
Days and the Prosecutor's office of Krasnodar region revealed the facts of inclusion in tariffs unjustified costs.
And expenses of LLC "YVES-consulting" (supply cold water) was laid down 4 million rubles for the rental of cars at above market prices.
And such examples in the country mass.
The people paid for the "communal" all the money, and pays regularly, according to the Ministry of the Russian Federation, the average collection rate from the population is 94%.
He is accused under several articles of the Criminal code: embezzlement, legalization of proceeds of crime, abuse of power, etc.
According to investigators, as head of the Foundation, who was involved in the repair of city facilities, Makarov entered into contracts with entrepreneurs who work on them are actually not performed, but paid.
Businessmen just gave him the most money.
But as the owner of the CC, Makarov money collected from the population, but service providers are not paid and spend it on your needs.
As a result, the damage to the budget and residents - millions of rubles.
Scheme of fraud Makarova, alas, typical for Russia.
Swept the country a wave of arrests and detentions of leaders of the UK, which appropriated the money of the citizens.
In Kamchatka continues the trial of A. Kokhan, incidentally, is also a former city Council member, who is accused of fraud 91.7 million rubles.
According to investigators, in 2012-2013 in Elizovo Kamchatka region, he established 6 management companies and have created 3 companies with limited liability.
One of them worked for UK contract work, the other two played the role of the settlement-cash centres, that is, took money from the population.
However, the energy sector A. Cohan money had been transferred and spent for yourself, a loved one.
To sue in the housing sector is quite difficult.
Things are not excited, are tightened.
And "helps" in this very complicated housing legislation, - considers Svetlana Razvorotneva, Executive Director of NP "housing Control".
We don't have time to earn one law, how do we come up with a new one that needs to get to work previous.
Professionals, including judges, for housing too little.
The lawyers themselves recognized that housing law in the universities paid very little attention.
Failures in criminal cases, pushing and shoving in the investigations say and the Prosecutor's office.
From being in production in 2015, 3.5 thousand crimes in court is aimed less than half.
For the rest of the investigation took a protracted nature, and a fifth suspended in connection with failure of the accused.
Often, deficiencies in law enforcement are charged by them on the gaps in the current legislation.
The law is there, but the bodies of inquiry do not hurry to initiate and investigate such cases.
In the second half of 2015, there were about 230 reports about fakes - only initiated 60 criminal cases.
For 5 months of current year their number increased only slightly, 99.
And what is the falsification of the minutes of the meeting of the tenants?
This means that a change of control, financial and other issues are going to bypass the opinions of the owners.
But it also means that the market of housing and communal services can not get through normal company who want to work honestly and not "milk" the population.
It turns out, the tenants on the downside, small and medium businesses too.
Primarily through the eradication of corruption as such throughout the state, - said Anton Zharkov, member of the Duma Committee on property issues.
And this work is now actively underway.
It's not just a single action - a deliberate policy of the fight against corruption.
Of course, not all regions are in such a sad situation.
In particular, in the capital of the scandals and does not smell.
Why in Moscow there are no such scandals in the housing sector, as in many other regions?
Yes, because the city government has shown an iron will and put things in order, - told "AIF" Anatoly Vyborny, member of the Duma Committee for security and combating corruption.
I mean a personnel issue, and the legislative amendments and legal education.
For management companies installed close supervision, and everything they have been through the licensing.
Complaints of citizens are quickly resolved in the public space (and addresses of residents, and responses are posted on the portal of the government of Moscow).
Many do not just pay a monthly receipt, and carefully follow what is written there, like contains home.
Awareness among the population about the rights of the owners and liabilities of resource-supplying organizations and managers is very high.
Plus Moscow is checking the validity of tariffs for housing and communal services - indeed, a considerable part of the budget goes to subsidies and incentives for many categories of the population.
Perhaps all of this explains the calm in Moscow.
It turns out, everything depends on the will of regional authorities?
Maybe weak-willed should change jobs?
The Turkish gambit.
If Erdogan is able to give up the friendship with the EU and the US?
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan has put forward an ultimatum to the United States, proposing to make a choice between Turkey and Fethullah Gulen, an Islamic preacher accused of organizing a coup.
He stated, speaking to supporters in Ankara.
Erdogan urged Americans to stop supporting the "terrorist organization of fethullahists".
This is not the first statement from Turkey, where the United States urged to change its position.
Experts believe that the split in Turkey's relations with the West is increasing and could lead to a new attempt to change the government in the country.
"Sooner or later, America will make a choice between Turkey and FETO ("the Terrorist organization of fethullahists").
Or organize coups FETO, or a democratic Turkey.
She needs to make this choice" - quoted by Anatolian Agency appeal Erdogan made on Wednesday evening in Ankara.
The Turkish President once again, but harder urged the United States to comply with his demand, voiced for the first time immediately after the suppression of the rebellion.
We will remind that on the night of 16 July in Turkey, senior representatives of the Turkish army was an attempt to overthrow the legitimate government in the country, as well as an attempt on the life of the President.
However, after Erdogan made an appeal to the people, the rebellion was suppressed and its organizers and participants were arrested.
Only under suspicions were about 8 thousand people, in whose ranks, in addition to the military, were teachers and scientists.
According to Erdogan, their mentor was made by Fethullah Gulen, who lives in Pennsylvania in the United States.
Well as supporters of Erdogan admitted that the coup may also be involved directly with the Americans.
USA, all claims in his address denied, refusing to extradite Gulen and advised to change the tone.
The recent statement of representatives of the state Department on this matter were made at a time of Erdogan's visit to St. Petersburg on Tuesday.
However, this does not stop the President of Turkey, he insists on his and also makes demands to its other Western partners.
"Ankara will fail to fulfill their obligations under the migration agreement with the EU if Brussels did not name the date of cancellation of visa restrictions for Turkish citizens", on August 9, said the Turkish Minister for EU Affairs ömer çelik.
According to him, the introduction by Ankara of the change in the anti-terrorism law, as required by the EU, will jeopardize their own security in Europe.
Note that on 1 August Vice-Chancellor of Germany, Sigmar Gabriel, demanded Turkey to stop the blackmail of the European Union promises to open borders to migrants, in order to achieve the simplification of visa regime with the EU.
His words were a response to the corresponding statement of the foreign Minister of Turkey Mevlut Cavusoglu.
Another provocative statement Cavusoglu did last Wednesday, admitting that Turkey may withdraw from NATO.
The head of the Turkish foreign Ministry announced that the country will consider the possibility of leaving the Alliance, if you don't expect support.
The decision to increase cooperation with Russia in the defense sector is not a step against NATO.
There are NATO countries who cooperate with foreign States in the field of defence, - the importation of rockets", - Cavusoglu said in an interview with Anadolu Agency.
According to him, Turkey now needs to create its own defense system based on its technologies, and to cooperate with other countries.
"Until now, Turkey tried to cooperate with the countries - members of NATO, but the results was not satisfying, and we began to look for other", - said the Minister.
Experts believe that all of this suggests serious differences of Turkey with the West and to reorient the country to the East.
The head of the International Institute of political expertise Yevgeny Minchenko believes that Erdogan now has his game and can't go on a tough confrontation with the West.
It is very much tied to the West and from the business point of view and from the point of view of military (Turkey is a NATO member), so I think that Erdogan will try to balance keeping the framework of relations with the West.
Although, of course, the Americans would be easier to see on this post is completely obedient to the person," explained Aify the expert.
According to him, it is not excluded that after the statements of the Turkish leader (on unpaid compensation in the EU, the requirement of a visa-free space with Europe and the extradition of Gulen from the US) he will press.
"Erdogan will face a deterioration of relations with the United States and the European Union, and they'll push it just the humanitarian issues, the dictatorial methods of governance and so on", - considers Minchenko.
The head of the Center for political information Alexei Mukhin concedes that the President of Turkey will change their point of view in relations with Russia as soon as it becomes profitable.
Eight months ago, Erdogan has taken a very tough stance against Russia, and by all means sought favor in the West.
For a very short time the situation changed to the opposite.
Guarantee that after some time the President of Turkey will not change their priorities, no.
I think that Erdogan has entered a period of Shuttle diplomacy.
Caught between two poles - the West and Russia, he will try to get the maximum benefit for themselves", - said Mukhin.
In his opinion, the main task for the President of Turkey today to hold political power in the country, and this is precisely he needs Russia and partner relations with Vladimir Putin that the United States ceased to support Gulen.
Needs Turkey and the EU, and the United States who are using her control of the situation in Syria and the middle East.
So the consensus with Turkey will be achieved," - said the expert.
A different point of view adheres to the head of the Center of Asia and the Middle East Anna Glazova.
Now Turkey's relations with the EU and the United States are quite intense, and it is connected first and foremost with the domestic policies pursued by the Erdogan personally.
I think that this crisis will worsen, and amid this crisis, the Turkish leadership will try to hold the reset policy in the middle East, and in relations with Russia.
Not accidentally, the President of Turkey, as well as a number of Turkish politicians claim that they are willing to change their stance on a number of issues on Syria, settled relations with Israel, there is an active political engagement with Iran," explained Aephi Glazov, admitting that the next step Erdogan will be the normalization of relations with Egypt.
According to her, the policy, which now holds Erdogan, is returning to the course the foreign policy concept, which was fulfilled by Turkey before the start of the Arab revolutions.
"It was then in the position of "zero problems with neighbors," Turkey began to actively develop its relations with the Middle East and Asia.
Now held very successful visits of the Turkish President to Russia and Africa.
Therefore, this vector of foreign policy will evolve and contribute to strengthening of Turkey's positions at both the regional and international arena," - said the expert.
Glazov believes that the return of Turkey to the old relationship with the EU would be extremely difficult, now the question rather is, will the EU's tough to respond to Turkey, which could go to the opening of the borders for migrants and thus create serious problems for Europe.
The strike of Junior doctors: Calls for a new collective protests
The representatives of the younger doctors asked the trade Union with a request to authorize a new collective protests in their dispute on new employment agreement.
The Junior doctors Committee (JDC) of the British Medical Association (BMA) is going to ask the full Council to support more collective protests since the beginning of September.
JDC says Ministers failed to answer questions about the employment contract.
Junior doctors and medical students in July voted for the abolition of the bargain under the labor contract agreed upon with the BMA.
She was rejected by 58 % of its members who participated in the secret ballot.
In a letter to members posted on Twitter on Thursday evening, the JDC Chairperson Ellen McCourt said that the government continued "stubbornly silent" about issues, which she said led to the rejection of the employment contract.
She said, "Given the current situation, the head of the JDC voted to reject the proposed new employment agreement in full and called for an official re-negotiate all of your questions."
In response to the silence of the government the head of the JDC today made a formal request for an extraordinary meeting of the BMA Council to approve a continuous program of expansion of collective protests, from early September.
The dispute has led to the fact that young doctors took part in the six strikes this year, including the first General strike in the history of the national health service.
Leader of the Junior doctors, the BMA, Dr. Joan of Malawana, resigned after the vote for the abolition of the agreed terms of the employment contract, which was recommended by BMA.
He told BMA members that the deal was a good one that should be taken, during meetings before voting 54 000 Junior doctors and medical students.
After the vote, health Minister Jeremy hunt said that this employment contract will be used for health professionals in England.
Russia and Turkey: "Alliance is bad"?
It was a gesture that ended the crisis.
The leaders of Russia and Turkey met on Tuesday to shake hands and announce the official end of the eight-month war of words and economic sanctions.
But when Vladimir Putin welcomed his Turkish counterpart in the gilded hall of the Palace in St. Petersburg, I had the strong impression that Turkey wants reconciliation more.
It was the handshake, Yes.
But the smile of Mr. Putin looked tense, and he hardly radiated heat even by his own restrained standards.
Recep Tayyip Erdogan, in contrast, spoke repeatedly about his "dear friend" Mr. Putin five times, according to one report.
I've lost count.
He also promised that relations with Russia will return to their pre-crisis level, but even higher.
The next day, one newspaper described the actions of Mr Erdogan's as if nothing bad has ever happened.
In my opinion, his enthusiasm suggested otherwise.
But prolonging the coolness emanating from Mr. Putin showed that the Russian leader had not forgotten anything.
In fact, the cause of the crisis was the first thing he mentioned in his opening comments: Turkey has shot down a Russian fighter jet at the Syrian border.
Moscow's reaction at this point was frantic.
Mr Putin burst into an angry tirade, accusing Ankara of Moscow shot in the back.
The insult was even stronger, coming from an alleged friend.
Restoring real trust will be difficult, probably impossible.
Russian public opinion has also changed since November.
For months, the state-controlled media carried out a stunning, all-out attack on Ankara.
Suddenly it seemed that the Turks should be considered guilty of all.
The most serious were the charges from senior management that the family of Mr Erdogan's profited from illegal trade in oil from areas of Syria controlled by the so-called Islamic State.
He denied it strongly.
But in St. Petersburg received an official signal that it's time to move on.
In the end, this meeting occurred only because Mr Putin has received an apology, which he demanded from President Erdogan.
Russia could claim victory of a sort.
For Ankara the benefits of the truce clear.
First and foremost, Erdogan needs all the friends he can get after he was almost ousted from his post last month when the coup attempt.
Repeated terrorist attacks on Turkey obviously shocked him, too.
There are also economic reason.
Russian sanctions hit hard — especially the ban on Charter flights, which usually bring several million Russian tourists on the Turkish coast each year.
The number plummeted nearly 90 %.
As for Russia, tour and Charter company here, of course, will feel relieved when flights finally resumed.
They put on the peak of the end of the season in the Mediterranean.
And even this week, state television predicted more cheap fruits and vegetables as soon as the Turkish agricultural imports will be allowed again.
"Tourists there, the tomatoes back here," as mentioned in the report in the Vedomosti newspaper.
But the visit also had an additional political value for Moscow.
Ankara is angry at the West for what it considers a weak response to the coup attempt.
Add to this its longstanding dissatisfaction with the snail's pace of the talks on accession to the EU and the step of Mr. Putin — who seeks to take advantage of the coolness and gradually destroy the Turkish ties with the West.
The Russian leader, of course, he won bonus points with Ankara calling for the support of the elected government after the coup attempt.
Keep in mind, it is a reality for Moscow, which has its own deep-rooted fear of regime change.
So, the summit of this glittering Palace on the coast has allowed Russia and Turkey to represent what one analyst described to me as a "bad Alliance": two countries that feel rejected and humiliated by the West, are joining forces.
Yet, despite the public show of reconciliation, the two continue to have significant differences.
The key is Syria, where Moscow has recently positioned himself as a peacemaker, but where Russia and Turkey support the opposite side.
Perhaps it speaks for itself that after nearly three hours of the initial negotiations, until the two presidents gave a press conference, they never even touched on this subject.
Turkish President deliberately avoided answering the question about their differences, while Mr Putin chose to make them focus.
There is no clear agreement on how they can find common ground on Syria.
But after months of open hostility — and taking into account the possibility of complete disaster, when NATO member Turkey has shot down a Russian jet fighter, just better that the two leaders are at least talking again.
Royal Bank of Scotland will disappear for customers outside of Scotland
Brand RBS must be reduced to the role of the back office, according to Executive Director of the Bank.
Royal Bank of Scotland will disappear for customers outside of Scotland.
Ross McEwan told BBC Scotland that the RBS brand was associated with the global ambitions of the Bank.
The Bank retreated from them since then as he almost collapsed eight years ago and had to be rescued.
During this period, the strategy of the brand used "RBS" to protect other brands of consumer lending.
He was supported by millions of pounds of sponsorship to international sports, six Nations Rugby to Wimbledon champion Andy Murray.
But now it was decided that the right to allow more national brands to come to the fore.
Royal Bank of Scotland will work with Scottish clients, but will not start.
In England and Wales, all references to RBS, including foreign head office and the stock exchange will be changed to NatWest.
The Ulster Bank brand is already used for customers in the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland.
There are other smaller brands for banking services individuals, who will have more influence — Coutts, Adam & Co, Drummond and Holt's Military Bank.
Mr McEwan gave an interview during the tour, customers and employees in Invernessshire.
He told BBC Scotland: "RBS Brand will eventually become our investment and the brand which will be busy with our staff because we are now become more Bank brands."
As the Bank itself became a global brand, RBS became a global brand.
I now say that we no longer have global aspirations, we have local aspirations.
Each of these brands will represent something completely different in their groups, and our staff will work with clients under these brands.
RBS has already said that will not to continue its sponsorship of the six Nations, and he builds up a profile of different brands in sponsoring sports.
"This is the right time for us to move the Bank brands as the basis (we asked ourselves) how do we focusareas to improve the Bank for customers?" said the Executive Director.
It would be very cynical three years ago, if we said we were going to be a great Bank for customers and would close all these brands.
But with the work we did, focusing on customer needs, not on our own, I think you see a lot of changes.
We back these brands, so I believe the time is right.
Frankie Dettori comes to 3000 winners with a victory in Newmarket on Addiction
Dettori sprays champagne after his brace in Newmarket leads him to 3000 wins
Jockey Frankie Dettori achieved his 3000th British victory at Newmarket on Friday.
He came to this outstanding mark with his second winner of the night on its home track on the Passion, trained by John Gostinom.
45-year-old Italian is the sixth jockey who achieves this outstanding level of flat racing.
He follows Sir Gordon Richards, Doug Smith, with Lester Pigott, Pat Eddery and Willie Carson.
Three-time champion jockey Dettori, who previously won for Ghayyar, said: "It's something special."
I'm very excited because my family is here too
I am very glad that it happened in Newmarket as this is where I settled 30 years ago.
It's not a big social event, it's not Royal Ascot is a regular Friday night with 20,000 people.
I free and very unassuming.
Dettori takes the applause when results in Predisposition after winning
Two drivers reached the mark in steeplechase champion jockey Richard Johnson and a retired 20-time champion Sir Anthony McCoy, who had more than 4,300 wins for a record career.
Lester Pigott, a nine-time winner of the Derby, 4493 victory in his career
Franks is one of the best jockeys of the modern era and it is not surprising that he reached this level, which so few have achieved before him.
It is stylish and strong, but it was his tactical savvy distinguishes it from other in the weight room.
He is a great representative for the race, his enthusiasm and charisma attracted fans to the sport over the years.
I talked to Frankie a few weeks ago in Epsom, he would have brought 6,000 winners, if I wasn't the only jockey weekends and great races!
But seriously, the Franks led the winners in the UK the greater part of 30 years, which is great to see.
He is an energetic character, which is good for British racing, but more than that, he's an incredible jockey.
Frankie Dettori celebrated this distinguished mark brand rapid dismount from a horse
From fast-paced sprints to the rapid dismounts, Frankie Dettori is a symbol of the British horse races for two decades.
It was UPS and downs.
Many winners of big races, including his famous "Magnificent seven" at Ascot in 1996, but he also he also survived a plane crash and has been disqualified because of doping.
Three years ago, he first encountered difficulties when he returned after a six-month suspension, but he showed tremendous strength of will to defy the skeptics and return to form.
And he may be, is not yet finished for some time Dettori has previously said that he would like to continue to participate in the competition, at least until the age of 50.
Putin dismisses the head of the administration Sergei Ivanov
Russian President Vladimir Putin abruptly fired his chief of staff Sergei Ivanov.
Ivanov was part of the trusted inner circle of Putin for many years.
This 63-year-old has now been appointed representative for the environment and transport.
A statement from the Kremlin says that Putin "has decided to release Ivanov from his duties as head of the Russian presidential administration," but did not say why.
Deputy Mr. Ivanov since 2012, Anton Vaino, was appointed his successor.
Mr. W., 44, a former diplomat.
Born in the Estonian capital Tallinn in 1972, he graduated from the prestigious Moscow State University of International Relations (MGIMO) and served in the Embassy in Tokyo.
Later he was head of Department of Protocol of the President and the government, reports the website of the Kremlin (in Russian).
During the appointment, he told Putin: "Thank you for your trust."
I think the most important task of the administration is to support your activities as head of state from the point of view of development of draft laws and monitoring the implementation of your instructions.
Putin said one Russian TV channel on Friday that Ivanov had asked to release him from this position and recommended that Vaino replaced it.
Convince smile?
It's a move that has puzzled Moscow.
Sergey Ivanov has long been one of the closest supporters of President Vladimir Putin, as he served in the Soviet security service, the KGB.
As head of administration he was one of the most powerful men in the country.
At the meeting with President Putin, which was shown on state television, both men said that the chief of staff has resigned at own will.
But despite the smiles at the camera, few people here convinced — especially now, right before the parliamentary elections.
So, is the unintended consequences of some kind of struggle for power?
No one knows yet.
But the official statement is that the person who once campaigned as a potential President, suddenly wanted to manage Russia's environmental policy — was met with huge skepticism.
In the comments of Putin, quoted on the website of the Kremlin, Ivanov said: "It is true that at the beginning of 2012 I asked You in the conversation trust me this is a very challenging position, one might even say, a problematic position for four years.
Well, it turns out, I was the head of the presidential administration for four years and eight months.
Ivanov took office in December 2011.
Previously, he worked as Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of defense.
He is a member of the Russian security Council and former member of the state security service, the KGB, Mr. Putin.
In the late 1990's, when Putin was head of the Federal security service (FSB), which replaced the KGB, Ivanov was appointed his Deputy.
When Putin came to power, he named Ivanov in the top five people whom he most trusted.
It was once believed that Ivanov could become President of Russia after Putin's second term as third term for Putin would be contrary to the Constitution.
However, this position was held by another close supporter of Putin, Dmitry Medvedev.
Putin became Prime Minister until the return to the presidency after only three and a half years.
The star of the show "criminal minds" Thomas Gibson dismissed after a fight with producer
Gibson was a member of the brawl on the set of the show in Los Angeles last month.
ABC Studios and CBS Television Studios, which produces the series, announced his resignation in a joint statement.
Gibson, who played Special Agent Aaron Hotchner, apologized Thursday before it was announced his suspension.
Had creative differences on the set and divergence.
I'm sorry it happened," he said in a statement.
Detailed information about how the character Gibson will be out of the show, which follows a team of FBI agents are expected to arrive later, according to statements by ABC Studios and CBS Television Studios.
54-year-old actor, who previously starred in the sitcom Dharma and Greg, had been in the show since the first season in 2005.
"I love "criminal minds" and has put his heart and soul into it over the past twelve years," said Gibson in a statement issued on Friday.
I was hoping to be there until the end, but now it would be impossible.
I just wanted to thank the writers, producers, actors, our wonderful team, and, most importantly, the best fans, which the show could only dream of.
It is planned that the show will return with its twelfth season on September 28.
Riddle: fish landed in the garden of Banff
People from Banff appealed for help in identifying the fish that had appeared in his garden in Banff.
Kevin Bain believes that 75 fish could be a gerbil left a water tornado.
Bain, who lives 500 metres from the sea, laid out surveying this scene through the Periscope in the hope that someone can shed some light on the emergence of a two-inch fish.
Queensferry crossing: the Bridge is now connected to Fife
The project is 1.35 billion pounds now needs to be completed by may 2017
Engineers have linked the Northern span and the viaduct Queensferry crossing — which means that now the bridge is connected to Fife.
This is the first of four clamping between "fan paintings", which are now approaching completion near all three of the pylons of the bridge.
The section of the bridge from Fife is now 600 meters in length and weighs 30,000 tons.
In her 10,000 tons of steel and 20,000 tonnes of concrete and 46 vant bridge.
The project is 1.35 billion pounds now needs to be completed by may 2017.
Economy Minister Keith brown today visited the site and was among the first who walked from the ground to the bridge.
He said: "This is a historic and symbolic moment in the construction of the Queensferry crossing.
We are all witnesses of the engineering art is truly epic scale in this project, where over 30,000 tons of concrete and steel used only for the construction of this part of the bridge.
Despite its massive size and weight of the bridge the completion of closure between the viaduct and bridge painting is a masterly operation using extremely precise tolerances for the Assembly.
In total about 79% of all bridge canvas is now in place for the last section of the canvas concrete pavement cast in Rosyth today, which means that all the canvas ready to hoist into place on the bridge.
Michael Martin, project Director of Forth Crossing Bridge Constructors, said: "the First closure at each bridge project is always a significant milestone.
This stunning project is the closure represents the most modern construction art.
After installing the last sections of the roadway and its connection with the widening road North pole, we then had to close the remaining gap on the North — facing or beach — side.
This was done by pulling viaduct North approach at 700 millimeters to the South.
It was a massive and at the same time a very delicate operation.
Large-scale, because the viaduct with a length of 222 meters, weighs about 6000 tons and had to be raised to an angle of about 3 %.
Elegant, because the tolerances worked out by the team, was tiny — only a few millimeters in each direction.
Fortunately, it all went very well.
Rescue in the Gulf Moelfre: Three men 'lucky to be alive'
Three men lucky to be alive' after being thrown from a fishing vessel in Anglesey.
Rescue station Moelfre RNLI were alerted at 13:20 British summer time on Friday, after the team saw the incident unfolding in the Gulf Moelfre.
The three men struggled trying to swim to the safe place while their ship continued to follow its course.
"We saw their ship circled near them and assumed the worst," said coxswain of Moelfre lifeboat Vince Jones.
"Fortunately, by the time we went down to the water, the strong wind took it away from them," he added.
Two men were rescued with the help of a local fishing boat, and the third a man of 60 years was found exhausted and clinging to a buoy without a life vest.
They were all were brought aboard the coast guard boat and taken to a rescue station
Jones said: "the Three men thrown into the water, lucky that they are alive and completely unharmed.
The motor boat was a dead man's switch, but he somehow unhooked from the man who was driving the boat when it overturned.
Someone was protecting these guys today.
Pokémon Go, worthy of hunt for health and happiness
It is fascinating to see how the world is changing.
The fact that teenagers and children no longer go outside to play, preferring to spend their free time gazing into the screens, there was a complaint of many over the last decade.
Pokemon Go pulls people off the couch and engages in some physical activity.
The time the screen was initially limited to TV, then video games, and lately smartphones.
So cool to see that technology and activity on the street are not mutually exclusive.
Of course, I mean the craze that is Pokémon Go, the app based on the characters originally created for video games in the 1990-ies (subsequently spawned a series of cartoons, playing cards and other branches).
Like many other pop-cultural phenomenon, all this has lost its relevance some time before this new game became available in the United States, Australia and New Zealand in early July.
Launch in other countries at the time were detained in connection with the mass response that is overloading the servers.
In a few days from Go Pokémon had more users than Tinder and almost as much as Twitter.
So how does it work?
In a nutshell, players with smartphones going to look for Pokemon that are tracked via GPS and being discovered, can be 'photographed' (via screenshot on your phone) or 'caught'.
The generation that played the game, being younger, joined the rampant passion, looking up from the sofas to search for.
In the U.S. game led to a significant increase in the number of steps traversed "normal" person every day.
Cardiogram, the application for Apple Watch, which monitors 35,000 users, recently told the Washington Post that during the two days since the launch of the game, the number of people they tracked who performed a daily 30 minute workout, jumped from 45 percent to 53 percent.
The company does not know who plays Pokémon Go, she just sees the raw data on the passage of levels.
Many campaigns in the areas of health, urging people "to find 30 minutes", "get off the couch and be active every day", not found response, because most health messages are boring and there are people who look unhappy.
However, the importance of exercise cannot be underestimated.
Those who regularly exercising reduces the chances of development in itself, cancer or depression.
Physical activity helps with weight management, high blood pressure, diabetes and a long list of benefits, too long to quote here.
But the beauty of Pokémon Go is that it pulls people on the street to do what they love.
Therefore covered by the three pillars of health: movement, fresh air and sunlight and joy.
Some people even make new friends on the hunt.
As usual boring boring, looking for something to complain about.
And Yes, someone might stumble upon the door.
So what?
The breakthrough came.
Despite the fact that smartphone apps such as Fitbit could previously keep track of our physical activity, they did not give us a reason to practice, as does this game.
The novelty will wear off, and will subside with time.
However, because of the success of Pokemon there will be more games that will integrate applications and virtual reality with physical activity in the real world, helping many people on the hunt to be more active, fit and healthy.
Read the blogs of Dr. Joe www.drjoetoday.com
Simon Bails gold wins the absolute championship in women's gymnastics
Forget about the pressure.
Forget about the turmoil.
Simon Bails immune to all this.
Dynamic vault.
Relaxed on a log.
Stunning on the floor.
Amazing everywhere.
And now, finally, the Olympic champion.
19-year-old American gymnast has risen to the title of absolute champion of the championship on Thursday, placing the gap between itself and the rest of the world to demonstrate under the watchful Olympic.
Her total score 62.198 was safely clear of silver medalist and teammate "Final Five" Eli Reisman and Russian bronze medalist Aliya Mustafina.
Bails from the United States performs on the balance beam during the final of women's individual absolute superiority in rhythmic gymnastics at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, on Thursday.
Balls became the fourth consecutive American woman to win the title of absolute champion of the championship and the fifth in General, consolidating its reputation as the best of his generation and maybe ever.
She cried when I showed her the final total score and its a long journey to this moment was over.
This achievement puts it in the same League and exceptionally rare athletes like Michael Phelps, who lifted their sports to new heights:
Balls spent the last three years, dominating in their sport, winning 15 medals - including 10 gold - with such amazing programs in their mix of diligence and accuracy that the Olympic champion of 1984, Mary Lou Retton called it "the greatest gymnast that I have ever seen."
One last test was waiting in Brazil, the competition not so much between Bails and others in this field, as between her and the burden of high expectations.
Anything less than go back to her family home in spring, Texas, with a handful of gold medals would be considered unjustified expectation.
Simon Bails from the United States, left, and Eli Reisman hug after winning gold and silver respectively in the finals of the women's individual absolute superiority in rhythmic gymnastics at the Summer Olympics in 2016 in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, Thursday, Aug.
Bails earned the first gold medal on Tuesday, becoming the beautiful final chord of the farewell party for leaving in the resignation of national team coordinator Martha karolyi.
While Balls insisted that she never looked to the future during its long journey to the top, it is not so.
Part of her floor exercise program — one that includes her signature passage — set to Latin music that would fit right at home on the street right outside the Olympic Arena of Rio.
It's not a coincidence.
The girl, who was adopted by their grandparents, as a beginner to go with the child and open the mother of coach Aimee Boorman during a visit to the hall, where Boorman was a coach, has become a force.
She didn't lose a single competition in the absolute superiority of summer 2013 — a streak that should last as long as Bails want to.
Despite the fact that Mustafina got a slight advantage with two spins, it was a Mirage.
Gymnastic balance beam and floor exercises — where Bails protects the title of world champion is lying in wait.
She again came forward with 15,433 on the beam and finished with 15,933 on the floor.
Reisman, gently hugged her while they waited for the final accounts — a pure formality — and tears appeared around the shiny red and white and blue eye liner Bails, when the idea that she once wrote in her scrapbook, was carried out.
The performance of Reisman was a small revenge for what happened four years ago when she shared the third place but lost the bronze to Mustafina in a tie-break.
This time the 22-year-old captain of the team, which the Americans call "grandma" was far ahead.
She sent kisses to the crowd after his free exercise covered by the return, which sometimes seemed questionable.
As for Bails, viral tweet 19-year-old from the beginning of this week now has a whole new meaning:
Police: 3 victims in the case of a serial killer shot dead while listening to music in the car
Two women and 12-year-old girl who died during the most deadly attacks in the case of the first serial killer in Phoenix over the past decade, was sitting in the car and talked and listened to music when they were shot, according to police reports released Thursday.
Angela Rochelle Liner, Stephanie R. Ellis and Ellis's daughter, Malia, was shot on June 12, when their car was parked on the roadway, authorities said.
He did about eight shots from a pistol, standing on the passenger side of the car, then fled in another vehicle, the report said.
Police said that the triple murder, apparently, is not the result of a robbery, as the attacker did not take the wallets or 2 of $ 900, were in possession of one of the adult victims.
The representative of police of Phoenix, Sgt Jonathan Howard said the shooting prompted the investigators to check whether he was associated with four previous attacks.
Only seven people were killed and two others injured in nine attacks in two predominantly Hispanic districts for four months.
"This is in a residential area in front of the house," said Howard KPHO, the CBS affiliate, earlier this month.
The suspect is believed to have used multiple vehicles, including a brown Nissan of the late 1990s, black BMW of the late 1990s and a white Cadillac or Lincoln.
The investigators refused to disclose the evidence that led them to the conclusion that the attacks were linked and committed by the same killer.
Ellis, 33, was hospitalized with injuries and later died.
Liner, 31, and daughter Ellis, Malia, died on the spot.
The witness told police that there was nothing unusual in the fact that they were sitting in a parked car listening to music.
The authorities also published a police report about the shelling, the purpose of which was empty pickup truck for half an hour before the triple murder and who is believed to have been the handiwork of a serial killer.
Investigators found bullet casings and recovered a bullet from the seat and the bullet fragments from the engine compartment.
The mother of 6-year-old child with microcephaly: it Gets better
Like most six-year-old, Edmund, Picciuto loves singing, toys and, of course, his mother.
But unlike most of his peers, Edmund microcephaly, the result of a genetic disorder, which his mother Elizabeth Picciuto did not know during pregnancy.
When he first came home, my first thought was — I can't do it.
I can't do it.
I didn't sign up for it.
That, in fact, not true — of course you subscribe to it," she said.
She and her husband Vincent said Edmund may never know them, and that he may not even survive.
Some doctors even offered to put him in a specialized medical institution.
"My first response was: "I didn't think people still do" it", explained Picciuto.
Edmund walks with a Walker.
Edmund didn't crawl until he was three, and he still does not speak.
But he slowly passes some stages.
He walks with assistance and riding her bike.
He also likes to play with his two brothers, and singing.
Elizabeth shows a gesture that Edmund came up with to "please, sing for me."
"We are teaching him sign language," he said Picciuto CBS News.
But not just an ordinary sign language — she says Edmund has invented their own gestures.
Microcephaly can arise from a number of different factors: genetic, such as from Edmund, infections during pregnancy such viruses like measles and Zeke.
Symptoms and prognosis can vary considerably.
It is too early to say how this will impact on the lives of those infected with the zika virus.
Picciuto, says emotional loss due to the uncertain future.
I kept saying, what will happen?
What will happen?
And she still doesn't know.
I actually didn't request a forecast for my entire life, because I don't expect that someone will really be able to tell me.
But Picciuto has encouraging advice for mothers of children with birth defects because of Zeke.
Getting better.
You know that everything for you gets better.
You will love your child, and your child will love you.
Heavy rain, floods are the cause of rescue work in Louisiana, Mississippi
Heavy rain and widespread flooding in Louisiana forced the Governor to declare a state of emergency on Friday, with still more rain expected to fall over the state until Saturday inclusive.
Numerous rivers in the Southeast Louisiana and southern Mississippi out of its banks, and threatened widespread flooding after extreme rainfall, according to the national Weather service.
The Governor of Louisiana John bell Edwards said that state officials are in constant contact with local authorities and help is already checked out to the affected parishes.
Mike Steele, a representative from the Governor's Office on national security and emergency preparedness stated that it receives requests for transportation for high water, boats and sand bags.
Steele said that only the arrival of Tangipahoa has requested tens of thousands of sandbags.
The danger of flooding remains in effect until Saturday in most parts of South Louisiana.
The weather service said in a statement that an additional 3-5 inches can wash over the area.
In southern Alabama duty in anticipation of the floods force until Friday, as the rain continued to come in the area of Mobile.
The Komit river near Baton Rougem and Amit river near Denham springs, both in Louisiana, according to forecasts, had to set the record level floods over the weekend.
Forecaster Alec, Krautmann said that both rivers could flood many homes in the suburban areas near Baton Rouge.
He also said that flooding downstream in the parish Ascension is a threat, as these swollen rivers will slowly drain into lake Maurepas.
Tikva river, just South of the border of Mississippi in Liverpool, Louisiana, have reached their highest ever recorded levels at 9 a.m. Friday.
Rescuers were still pulling people out of floods in the districts Amit and Wilkinson on the South-West of the Mississippi.
Leroy hansford, his wife and stepson were among the rescued early Friday near Gloucester.
Hansford, 62 years old, says that the waters of beaver Creek, which are usually more than 400 feet from his house, quickly got up during the night.
He said that another stepson, who lives nearby, warned him.
"We woke up and the water continued to advance," said hansford.
It reached my waist.
His wife told Hansford that this is the largest tributary, which she had seen in 48 years that I lived here.
Hansford said he and all his family members disability, and he is the only one who can swim.
Hansford said that the employees of the rescue service saved all three with army truck and took them to the fire station in Gloucester, where they took refuge on Friday.
Krautmann, says that the flood "spreads rapidly", as the rains continue, noting that officials are considering an evacuation order.
Krautmann, says one observer near Livingston reported the loss of 13.75 inches of rain from midnight to Friday morning.
Krautmann said that the soil was saturated from rainfall environment.
Heavy rain and street flooding led to work for the salvation of the inhabitants of the houses in the parish of Tangipahoa and cancellation of classes in five school districts, authorities say.
WWL, the CBS affiliate, reports that Advisor, Tangipahoa told about 200 flooded homes.
Residents were evacuated to two churches, but both of them are flooded now.
The Chairman of the parish Robbie Miller said that authorities rescued 72 people and seven Pets who find themselves in high water.
Shelters were opened in the city Amit and the city of Hammond to receive those who were evacuated.
"They will have the opportunity to return home as soon as the water starts to recede," he said.
In the city of Hammond parish, Tangipahoa about two dozen streets were closed due to high water levels, and sandbags were available to be issued to residents in the hope that they will keep the water away from homes and businesses.
"The last major flooding that we had was in March," said city Manager Lacey Landrum.
This is on the way to becoming the same event.
In Mississippi, County of Harrison, head of emergency Services Rupert Lacy said that continuous rain continued to go to the Gulf coast.
According to him, several houses were reported as flooded on Thursday, but none were registered on Friday.
Kate Towson, Director of store Shopper Value Foods in Amit, lived in the area for 40 years.
"I saw water in places where I had never seen her,' said Towson, and she's still pouring on the ground."
Mahar brown, 6, "riddled with bullets", is alive after the shootout in Philadelphia
Police in Philadelphia shot 6-year-old boy, registering the second shooting in 6-year-old in the city this week.
Grandparents of the child identified him for CBS in Philadelphia as Mahaz brown.
Grandma and grandpa say brown suffered multiple gunshot wounds, including to his groin, leg, arm and stomach, but was conscious when he was transported to the hospital.
"He was pretty shaken up, his little body was riddled with bullets," says his grandmother Delores Melendez station.
I just can't believe it.
The boy is in the hospital in critical condition and underwent several operations.
The family told the station that he is expected to recover.
He had to go to first grade at a local elementary school.
Brown was one of four people that were shot in the district of Germantown.
Also shot three men: two 29-year-old and one 32 year old.
It is reported that one 29-year-old men in critical condition; two other victims were was in stable condition, according to CBS Philadelphia.
The child was found shot in the front seat of the car next to 29-year-old in critical condition, reports the station.
The other two victims were not in the car, and police are investigating, could one of the wounded men to be the shooter.
Investigators tell CBS Philadelphia that apparently there was a shootout between several armed men.
Casings from a semiautomatic weapon attributed to different instances of semiautomatic weapons littered the scene.
It seems that it was definitely a long battle.
There were shell casings on the street, on both sides of the sidewalk.
So, apparently, there were a few armed soldiers and they were actively involved in the shootout," reported the station captain with the Philadelphia police Anthony Ginaldi.
Many houses and cars in the area were also affected.
No arrests have been made, and police are reportedly viewing surveillance cameras.
Another 6-year-old girl was struck in the arm by a stray bullet Tuesday when played in front of his house in the district of West Oak Lane.
She is recovering, and police are still looking for the suspect.
Why do we need Simon, Gabby and Lori
That's what I call women's Olympic team in gymnastics this year and for several reasons.
First, I was at every Summer Olympics since 1984, and the US has never been so dominant.
And second: in this team the key role is played by three gymnasts: Simone Bilz, Gabby Douglas and Lauren "Laurie" Hernandez, who has inspired so many non-white girls.
The composition of this team, complemented by Eli Reisman, which is Jewish, and Madison Kuhsan, which is Catholic, makes everyone proud.
This team looks, finally, like America.
It also strengthened the black and Latin American women's presence at the top of this sport.
For the past four years female gymnast number one was African-American.
Last year Simon and Gabby were # 1 and # 2.
It is powerful.
In the last Olympics, Gabby Douglas was an unexpected Olympic champion, and America approvingly welcomed.
Now the world could be witness to the incredible performances of the triple World Champion Simone Bails, Douglas and Laurie Hernandez, executing the unexpected, but nevertheless a virtuoso gymnastic exercises.
On Thursday, Simon became the fourth American in a row, winning gold in the women's individual absolute superiority.
And in a team-Eli Reisman earned silver.
We witness the peak of this sport, but it doesn't look so in the gymnastics sections throughout the country.
Simon, Gabby and Lori chose the same path as Eli and Madison to form the Olympic team.
They are the "final five", because following the Russian Olympic team will have only four gymnast in the team, and this is the last year coach Martha karolyi.
But in reality, gymnastics is an expensive sport, but gymnasts are trained in first private gymnastic clubs, supported by parents paying for tuition, equipment, travel, form, fees for participation in competitions, payment of services of hotels (for coaches and their gymnasts and families), and the list goes on.
Most of these gymnastic clubs are located in wealthy suburban areas that can support the business.
These clubs are where the gymnasts receive all of their training, and it is expensive and a long-term commitment for the families of gymnasts.
Aimee Boorman, coach of Simone Bilz, and Maggie, honey, coach Laurie Hernandez, both trained their athletes from the time they started gymnastics.
We need to create more affordable and accessible education of the gymnastics community untold number of young girls, inspired by Simone, Gabby, and Lori.
I started my gymnastics Foundation 20 years ago.
In my organizations, we have provided free and low-cost gymnastics, located in Harlem, for more than 15,000 urban young people (mainly blacks and Hispanics) and has trained national and international Champions.
In September we will expand in Detroit (my hometown) to provide high quality gymnastics youth that deserves the opportunity to learn and benefit from this great Olympic sport.
Gymnastics develops strength, flexibility and coordination body, as well as resistance to hard work, discipline and perseverance for the mind.
This combination has lifelong positive impact on good health, success at school and work.
It is the inspiration of this team, send thousands of girls to do gymnastics, and that's fine.
Sports is so important, especially for girls.
Now is a great time.
Thank you, Simon, Ali, Lori, Gabby and Madison for this serious demonstration of "Female Power" to win a team Olympic gold and that motivate so many girls from different backgrounds to be healthy, strong and successful young women.
Junior doctors took up the announcement of further strikes after the rejection of the proposal, Jeremy hunt
Ministers had hoped to conclude the dispute about the changes, agreeing the amended agreement with the leaders of the British medical Association, but 58 percent of the 37,000 young doctors who took part in the vote, rejected it.
In July, hunt announced plans to enter the Treaty, saying that the NHS was in "no man's land" and any subsequent delay will be detrimental to staff and patients.
The first Junior doctors transferred to the new contract, which includes changes to work activities at night and weekends to better serve in their spare time.
Dr. Helen Makkot, Chairman of the Committee of young doctors" BMA, said last night in a statement: "The Junior doctors still have serious concerns about the proposed agreement, in particular, that it will energize the existing workforce crisis and that it may not apply to all doctors fairly."
There are only eight weeks before the first group of doctors will be transferred to the new contract, necessary progress, but running out of time.
Attempt VMA to resolve the dispute by negotiation has been met with reluctance to take action and sometimes complete silence from the government.
And this despite the promise Jeremy hunt last month that his door is always open.
"Jeremy hunt must act now to encourage the introduction and to respond to the concerns of Junior doctors.
If he does not, then the younger doctors unequivocally that they are ready to organize a follow-up strike.
The last strike at the end of April brought a respite to approximately 13,000 scheduled operations and 100 000 techniques nurses, while the nurses and consultants were involved to replace doctors on the line picketing.
Ministers hoped to end the debate about the changes, agreeing the amended agreement with the leaders of the British medical Association.
WMA wants more good paying weekend for 54 000 Junior doctors, which will fall under the Treaty.
Daniel Mortimer, Director General of NHS Employers, urged Junior doctors not to continue the strike.
Mortimer said: "Strikes achieve little or nothing, but putting pressure on already operating at the limit of teams and services, and cause anxiety, physical pain and harm to patients, carers and their families."
For the past two months, we spoke with Junior doctors Committee and in conjunction with the Department of Health and others, positively responded to their concerns regarding the role of guardians and policy corporate information.
The workers hoped that the ongoing positive promotion of other important topics — such as staff planning, flexibility training, supplementary training for those returning after a career break, the cost of training, mutual recognition of the curriculum, academic leave and the gender differences in pay in the stores was a sign of how seriously employers, Health Education England and the Department of Health was going to abide by the terms reached by the SCA in November, February and may.
The drug for £ 2 a day can reduce the risk of heart attack
Thousands of patients with heart attack are going to use the drug for £ 2 a day after authorities recommended to give it to more people and for longer periods of time.
Anticoagulant drug ticagrelor reduces the risk of repeated attacks for people with heart conditions.
The drug is already prescribed for 12 months after a heart attack, reducing the risk of stroke or new heart attack.
The Supervisory service NICE National health service of great Britain was advised to give it to people for four years, to continue to prevent the risk of cardiovascular problems.
Now, however, the Supervisory service NICE National health service of great Britain was advised to give it to people for four years, to continue to prevent the risk of cardiovascular problems.
A heart attack happens about 140 000 people in England every year, and a quarter of them there is another attack or stroke.
Heart attacks and strokes result from the accumulation of fatty material on artery walls and plaque formation.
If the plaque breaks apart, it can cause a blood clot that blocks access of blood to the heart and causing a heart attack.
But if the clot moves, it can travel through the blood stream and block blood flow to the brain, causing a stroke.
The people already caught one episode, are at greater risk to another.
Ticagrelor produced by the British firm AstraZeneca and sold under the name Brilique reduces the risk of making blood clots less likely.
The NICE draft guidelines published today, recommends that people were given 90 mg ticagrelor for 12 months, then 60 mg of aspirin twice a day for the next three years.
Professor Carol Longson, Director, centre for health technology assessment at NICE, said: "Despite the availability of effective methods of secondary prevention with about a quarter of people who have already had a heart attack happens to be another heart attack or stroke, often with devastating consequences."
Fear of recurrence can have a significant negative impact on the quality of human life.
There is evidence that ticagrelor in combination with aspirin is effective at reducing the risk of further heart attacks and strokes in people who have already suffered a heart attack.
Previously recommending ticagrelor, we are pleased to be able to increase the treatment options available to many thousands of people who are willing to use it.
Since information on the efficacy and safety of ticagrelor — especially the risk of bleeding for a period of three years is limited, the draft guidelines does not recommend treatment longer than that.
The culture of owning a PC allows you to thrive the rigged counting of votes in the Muslim areas
Former mayor of tower Hamlets, Lutfur Rahman was removed from office last year because of corruption, serving as a boost to the government's report
The culture of political correctness led to the closing of the eyes, which resulted in widespread falsification of counting of votes in Muslim communities, according to a devastating report released today.
Former Cabinet Minister sir Eric Pickles levels criticism at the police, election monitors and the administration of the city for ignoring evidence of violations of the election because of "excessive sensitivity about race and religion."
Former Secretary of local communities, now the anti-corruption Tsar, said that intimidation of voters on religious grounds was so strong that police should be allowed to put cordons outside polling stations to protect voters scared.
He suggested that the voters took out ID to prove who they are when they vote.
At the moment, the voters should only include your name and address.
The report even offers to apply indelible ink on the fingers of the people when they hand over their ballots, in order to avoid that someone could vote twice.
You need to provide better protection to whistle-blowers, said Sir Eric.
He calls to give the press greater access to documents of the local Council and the decisions reached by the informal committees or working groups.
"This is done not only to protect against voter fraud, but also to protect the local government from a more open culture of corruption and financial fraud, running with her hand in hand," he said.
The report was commissioned by Downing street as a result of the scandal with the voting in tower Hamlets in East London.
Last year, the special court dealing with the issues of elections, ruled that the acting mayor of Luftar Rahman should have been dismissed in connection with a long list of corruption and illegal activities.
The court found that Rahman "cynically distorted" religious feelings of its Muslim community and has silenced his critics by accusing them of racism and Islamophobia.
Rahman, as he said, "led his campaign based on the fact that it is the duty of faithful Muslims to vote for him."
Up to 300 votes was in doubt or was the result of personali when a person is voting, being represented by someone else.
Sir Eric said that there was evidence of fraud around the country.
He expressed particular concern about fraud with voting by mail, in which senior members of the Muslim community, as reported, put pressure on people to vote for their chosen candidate.
Sir Eric, on photography, made several recommendations for cleaning up the voting system, including the requirement to bring your ID to prove who you are
In his report says: "was the evidence of pressure on vulnerable members of some communities of ethnic minorities, in particular women and youth, to vote according to the will of the elders, especially in communities of Pakistani and Bangladeshi origin.
"There were concerns that the state institutions turned a blind eye to this behavior because of extreme sensitivity "political correctness" about ethnicity and religion."
Cheese Eric gave 50 recommendations for system cleanup, including the removal of political activists from working with the mail ballots for the vote to stop "harvesting votes".
The report on the review Theresa may, has also called for stricter checks when registering to prevent the use of voter list fraud with immigration and benefits.
There is the option to require voters to present ID before voting.
Use indelible ink on the fingers of people as soon as they cast their ballot to prevent someone to vote twice.
Systematic verification of the nationality of the people to make sure they have the right to vote.
To enter a three-year limit for applications for an automatic postal vote.
To remove political campaign members and activists from working with a completed absentee ballots and envelopes with a postal vote.
To give powers to the police to establish cordons around polling stations.
To change the law to facilitate the presentation of people's accusations of bullying under the Representation of people's act 1983
Illegal photographing at polling stations.
Make a requirement that only English was used at the polling stations (with the exception of Wales).
Strengthen training to ensure that staff makes the voting go in the booth one at a time.
Sir Eric ferociously attacks on the city police force, stating that it is "striking" that has not been charged with any criminal charges after the case of tower Hamlets.
"The court dealing with the issues of the election, disqualified Lutfur Rahman and his agent for a long list of corrupt and illegal actions," he said.
He was found guilty beyond reasonable doubt — the criminal standard of proof — on a number of grounds.
He also criticized the ineffectual "check for ticks" of electoral registration departments of municipal administrations.
Sir Eric said: "Last year's court ruling in tower Hamlets was a Wake-up call.
Our nation has a proud heritage as the mother of parliamentary elections, and yet disturbing and hidden distribution of election fraud and the denial by some authorities threaten this good reputation.
Going crazy on the bike analogue Kate and other celebrity doppelgangers Olympics in Rio
Fans of the Olympic games 2016 in Rio this week went crazy French cyclist Pauline Ferrand-Prevost, which turned out to be impressively similar to the Duchess of Cambridge.
But the 24-year-old participant of the Olympic games is not the only athlete fighting for gold this summer, which boasts its own famous counterpart — at least, according to messages in social networks.
So, in honor of the Games in Rio and all the famous faces appearing on our screens at the moment, FEMAIL have compiled a list of Olympians that have more than a superficial resemblance to Hollywood stars.
The hunter and the wolf: member of men's team archery USA Brady Ellison, left, was compared to Leonardo DiCaprio ever since he was a kid
In addition to double of Kate on the bike path, a lot of people online were quick to point out how a certain Archer could be twins superstar Leonardo DiCaprio.
A member of the men's team archery USA Brady Ellison was the cause of the hurricane on Twitter, after an image of him, looking eerily similar to the star of the Wolf with wall street.
And in fact, Archer found out about the madness of social media and acknowledged that he had heard that it is similar to Leo since he was a child.
"I personally don't see a huge similarity, maybe with the exception of facial hair," said Brady Huffington Post.
"He's an attractive guy, so I think it's a compliment".
One of the most popular comparisons from London 2012 will undoubtedly add more this year: the striking similarity between the British jumper Greg Rutherford and popular actor Neil Patrick Harris.
Russian gymnast Aliya Mustafina, with her big expressive eyes, as they say, is an exact copy of the Cuban-American singer Gloria Estefan.
But in the pool South African swimmer Cameron van der Burgh was compared with the star of Glee Matthew Morrison for many years.
Moving on to more unexpected: the user thinks that Nathan is the "sport version" of the actor "Started"
Another long-continued comparison was between the tennis player Rafael Nadar and actor Josh Charnetta that can boast similar heavy eyebrows and lips.
Silver medalist swimmer Yuliya Efimova of Russia can boast not only the same tanned skin and blond hair as the actress, Annalynn McCord, while Nathan Adrian of team USA, according to the fans, similar to the "sports version of Joseph Gorgon Levitt".
Severe women: soccer Star hope Solo, left, and actress Jennifer carpenter from Dexter, on the right, have the same face shape and eyes
Not the only: One Twitter user was very happy that others also saw similarities
Creating theory: According to this user, perhaps, is the reason underlying the similar looks of this pair
One Twitter user recently asked the website to publish his delight that "the rest of the Internet thinks hope Solo and Jennifer carpenter actually identical."
In fact, the football star and the US actress Dexter are incredibly similar face shape and eyes.
Other popular comparisons include Kerri Walsh Jennings and her smile, which is close to the identical smile of the actress Laura Linney, as well as winning a gold medal gymnast Gabby Douglas, which boasts its own beautiful wide smile similar to the smile of the stars of "Bring it on" Gabrielle Union.
The commentator of the Olympics on CBC apologizes for pointing that out about the Chinese swimmer "died like a pig"
Analysis of Byron MacDonald fourth place at the finish of the 14-year-old ay Angang women's freestyle relay 4x200 m angered on Wednesday viewers of the CBC broadcasts the Olympics
The canadian broadcasting company CBC has been forced to apologize after one of its commentators said the 14-year-old Chinese swimmer "was launched as stink" and "died like a pig" during a swim.
Commentator Byron MacDonald thought his microphone off when he began to Express his own opinion at the end of the final women's relay 4x200 m freestyle.
You could hear how McDonald, who was attracted to the team of commentators CBC to "dilute it with color", said: "This 14-year-old Chinese missed the ball, babe."
Too excited, started as a stench, he died like a pig.
Thank you for that.
Chinese swimmer ay Anjan, aged 14, swam the second leg of the relay in 1:57,79 — by 1.61 seconds slower than the canadian Taylor Cancer, allowing the Canadians to close the gap from China.
Viewers across Canada responded quickly in the network, after he was shocked by the tone and used expression
Emmett MacFarlane tweeted: "is it really the CBC announcer just said that the 14-year-old swimmer from China 'died like a pig'????"
This idiot did not understand that they were still in the air".
About ay Angang from China in the final of the women's relay 4x200 m freestyle said, "This little 14-year-old Chinese missed the ball, babe."
Criticism on Twitter immediately struck Byron MacDonald, and many urged him to dismiss
Twitter users could not resist when I heard how insensitive was Byron MacDonald
Another Twitter user, Sarah, Paradise, wrote: 'wow #ByronMacDonald.
Can you imagine the CBC and Canada and make us look like a bunch of racists. #disgusted.
Shortly thereafter, Scott Russell, which led to the transfer of the CBC apologized live for the comment MacDonald, saying: 'We ask forgiveness for the fact that the comment about the performance in swimming was in the ether'.
It was a bad choice of words, we're sorry it happened'.
SAF made the fact that apologized to the more than 90 people who tweeted in response to this statement
Buddy commentator Scott Russell had to apologize on behalf of MacDonald
CBC then copied and sent their apologies more than 90 other Twitter users, who complained about the comments of MacDonald
The network is also quick to apologize and issue a statement.
We sincerely regret that these statements were made and that they were allowed to go on the air.
Last night, we acted quickly to apologize to our viewers live and our followers in social networks.
To be clear, the comments of Byron's attitude to the performance of the swimmer and not to her as a personality.
Still, it was inappropriate and a poor choice of words, and Byron was very sorry for what I said.
On Thursday afternoon, MacDonald apologized live and tried to clarify his comments by stating that he did not think that his words will be interpreted as an attack on the person.
'I'd like to take a moment to apologize for the comment I made last night after the women's relay,' said he to broadcast the Olympics via the CBC'.
'I was talking about the performance of the swimmers, not about her personally'.
'Of course, not meant no disrespect, and I'm sorry.'
The buyer Primark insulted a woman who unabashedly was trying on lingerie in the store
Buyers do not know where to look away when a woman got naked to try on panties, on the floor, with shops in the middle of Primark.
Even worse, she could see how she looked in them, pulled them and put back on the shelf.
She continued her search and eventually tried on four pairs of underwear in the store shopping centre, Bouverie Place in Folkestone.
Shop Primark shopping centre, Bouverie Place in Folkestone, where a woman was trying on knitted panties before putting them back on the shelf
Mother of two Jenny Davidson, which was at that time in the store, said that after fitting underwear mysterious woman again "dressed and walked out of the store without buying anything."
She said: "People could not believe what they saw."
Standing in the middle of a trading hall, she took a pair of panties in the window, took off his own tights and panties and put them on.
"She tried to find somewhere secluded place to do it — she just stood there, shameless".
"It all stared when her panties came off again, and she clearly did not like because she put them back on the shelf."
She did the same thing with three other pairs before finally decided that there's nothing she'd like, get dressed again and left.
"Doesn't look like she cared who was watching her, or what she thought about the person who will eventually buy those pants that she tried on".
33-year-old Jenny Davidson from Kent, said: "How disgusting to think that someone is going to take home the panties that someone else already wore, and they were not washed."
The incident happened on Tuesday afternoon.
Davidson added: "I conclude that the staff apparently tried to remove these garments from the sale, after she left — well, the better."
"I would not want to come home with a new pair of women's panties and discover that the other woman was wearing and took them off, and they have not been washed."
The representative of Primark said: "Primark is aware of the incident that happened in our store in Folkestone on Tuesday 9 August."
All the products in question were withdrawn from sale.
How to protect yourself from attacks with a gun, using Krav Maga
The world is a dangerous, but this video from Dailymail.com might help to make it a little safer for you.
We talked with Ron Mizrachi, the master Federation of Krav Maga in new York to figure out how to deal with armed robbers at close range.
If you front or back, this video will show you how to beat the robber with his own weapon.
When you come back, according to Mizrachi, the first thing to do is to turn so that you can see the attacker and 'released the line of fire'.
Then you squeeze the gun between your forearm and shoulder before hitting them in the face with a loose elbow.
This is followed by a knee to the groin, and while bent forward from the pain, you're twisting the gun out of his hands, punch him in the face trunk and pull back, keeping the weapon trained on him.
Armed, right front, method execution is similar - get your body out of the line of fire, quickly grab the gun and turn it so that the villain could not shoot.
At the same time move the weight to the gun and hit the attacker with a fist to the chest, then wrenched the gun from his grasp before you can go back and target him.
Sounds complicated?
Watch the video to see how it does Mizrachi.
But remember that the safest way out of any loot if you are not a master of Krav Maga is to give your cash.
For guide traveler Ian Wright holds his tongue on the dirtiest places in Europe
The British traveler took with my immune system and gag reflex to a serious test, licking some of the most dirty and disgusting places in Europe.
Host and author of travel books Ian Wright, 51, of Suffolk, passed his tongue over the banknote Euro, the railings of Piccadilly Circus, the flush button of the toilet in the train and the Russian public phone to prove the strength of your immune system.
Before licking each object, he used the luminometer to show me and us what he gets.
But the experiment, which should be a movie called "Guide Traveler-slime for Inner Strength", gave some surprising results.
The thought of having to lick the flush button on the train, which is used by thousands of others, can be extremely disgusting, but in fact there are more bad bacteria in the kitchen sink.
Throughout a trip to Europe, Wright spoke with the doctors and health care providers about the increase in intestinal bacteria and health.
Fortunately, none of licked brought him more than a bad taste in the mouth.
Wright became known for testing the strength of his intestines, traveling the world and eating weird and wonderful things.
From the public railing at the stations to the button flush of toilet, this task undoubtedly experienced his immune system
In the film, which he directed, he said, 'From childhood I was completely careless towards his health and I pulled a lot of different things in the mouth from the ground, eating worms and dirty water.'
He definitely proved their reputation during the movie.
The only thing he refused, dirty Russian public toilet.
His smear trial demonstrated the value of luminometer in excess of 4,000 units.
For comparison, only washed hands should be under 60.
But there was one Russian public toilet, which he refused to lick, after the value of his luminometer was over 4,000 units, while the freshly washed hands showing less than 60
Wright and the Finnish dairy products manufacturer Valio made a film about the traveler under the title "Guide Traveler-slime for Inner Strength", which shows the number of bacteria in different places, for example in the toilet
In the film, he said: 'It's close to one of the worst things I've smelled in the toilet.'
There is nothing more dirty than that!
I'm not going to lick because it's disgusting.
"Guide Traveler-slime for Inner Strength" was shot together with the Finnish dairy products manufacturer Valio.
The company has provided Wright Valio Gefilus, which contains lactic acid bacteria, and vitamins C and D to help accelerate the growth of intestinal bacteria and develop their immune system.
Senior Vice President at Valio snacks, juices and new categories Nico Vuorenmaa said, 'We really wanted to offer consumers something new.
What would be interesting to see and at the same time could explain the use of probiotics.
We had a brainstorm that ended with the idea "let's get Jan".
They argue that the interest in gut health is becoming a global phenomenon
Instead of just talking about products, we wanted to put them in a larger context: good and bad bacteria in our everyday environment, the importance of gut health and how it relates to the immune system.
The growing interest in gut health is a global phenomenon, and with this documentary we were able to provide consumers with more information about this in an interesting way.
I also think the film shows that we have a good sense of humor!
Tom Hakala, who was the Director of the film, added: 'let's just Say I would have lost respect for Ian if he licked some of the things I asked for, for example disgusting Russian toilet, which is shown in the film.'
Of course, some of the things Ian was easier to lick, and some were pretty tough.
I'm glad some of these oblizyvala we managed to capture on film'.
In a survey conducted in 2015 Valio, 84 percent of respondents associated lactic acid bacteria with the exceptionally good condition of the stomach and intestines, and 58 percent said they consume at least sometimes, products containing added lactic acid bacteria.
The family of rioters killed Saltaş, municipal house Cornwall, on the eve of eviction
The family of the bullies left their municipal building with a loss of 50 000 £, after they have been evicted for bullying their neighbors.
Tanya Skeldon and her partner Sean Trebilcock kicked out of their property in Saltaş, Cornwall, after a long list of complaints against them.
After they were forcibly evicted from the property, shocked officials of housing cooperatives found this property in a condition requiring repair.
The walls were left with gaping holes, the floor boards were opened, debris was scattered on the floor and walls were stained with graffiti.
The family is now relocated and it is assumed, lives in a private apartment
Donna McAvoy, resselaer to Cornwall Housing, said she is afraid that you can't save him.
She said: 'It was an absolute nightmare for the people here, and I don't think people should have to live.
There are many things that need to be weighed, because this property will probably be known as not a very good aspect of Cornwall.
This family has a bad reputation, and their name has a bad reputation.
The couple's three sons, who lived in the property from time to time, and police say the reign of terror caused by the family, included fighting in the street with baseball bats, intimidation of nearby residents, drug use, drug trafficking, excessive shouting, arguing and swearing.
Skeldon, 47, whose name was on the lease, got a court order for anti-social behaviour in June.
In several rooms of the house which can be demolished, found old garbage
The floor boards in the house which formerly sold drugs, was yanked
Neighbors say they saw a fight on the street and regularly called the police
Cornwall Housing were forcibly evicted from the house her and her partner this week, after they were given an extended period of 11 weeks for voluntary departure.
Eviction relief was welcomed by neighbors, who said their lives were turned into hell.
One said: 'They didn't bother nobody'.
We lived near them for 20 years and it has always been bad.
The number of times that we've seen here the police, unbelievable.
'This morning we couldn't sleep'.
We stood up because it was so quiet - we are not used to it!
Now, when they finally left, everything will be fine.
Adam Fitzpatrick, head of the group to ensure neighbourhood Cornwall Housing, said the family was unable to cooperate with the local authorities.
The family lived in the house for 20 years, with the police, and to regularly call the police
Trash and old toys were scattered below the overgrown side of the municipal house.
He added: 'It's a shame that the tenant could not take any responsibility for the behavior of her and her family, as eviction is always the last method of action that examines the Cornwall Housing.
It was a very difficult case, because the behavior was marginal, and their actions must have been terrifying for her watching the neighbors.
I appreciate all the work that put my team, the police and members of the community of Devon and Cornwall, who bravely came forward to give us information.
I hope that this development will give a little solace to neighbors and send out a signal that antisocial behavior will not be tolerated.
Fitzpatrick reported that all three sons lived in the house at different times, but said they all had a little more then 20.
The dirty mattress left on the floor in one of the bedrooms of the house after the eviction
Resettlement workers will now have to clean up piles of debris that surrounds the house
In 2014, the police raided the house and found more than 70 grams of cannabis, and scales, appropriate facilities and 1700 £ in cash.
Skeldon was fined after he pleaded guilty of possession of narcotics class for delivery.
She stated that the money went to pay for the headstone for her son, Lee Skeldon, who died in a car accident in 2013.
After they were made homeless, there is evidence that Tanya and her partner now live in Plymouth.
The walls of many rooms of the house were covered with graffiti over the entire surface.
The police said that they will try to evict tenants who do not obey the rules of tenancy
Angela Crowe, the police of Devon and Cornwall, said that the expulsion sent a clear warning to other tenants who continue to break the rules.
'This is a message for those who feel that they can behave without accusations of the Prosecutor, and those who harm such behaviour', she said.
Criminal and anti-social behaviour will never be tolerated by the police of Devon and Cornwall which will continue to work with partners to protect our community.
Tourists in Portugal was horrified when a low-flying military aircraft almost touch the beach
In Aveiro in Portugal tourists love to soak up the sunshine, became afraid for their lives
Aircraft P-3C Orion of the air force of Portugal flew incredibly low
Air force reported that it was performing a training flight, but insisted on the absence of risk to the safety
Here is the moment terrified tourists are beginning to panic as the time when a low flying plane swooped over a crowded beach.
The dramatic footage seen military aircraft flying almost at the distance of touch from the hunters on the strip of sand in Aveiro, Northern Portugal.
The campers jumped up to his feet as soon as they become understandably concerned about the noise of the engines of the plane, but not being able to see what is moving toward them through the clouds.
The incident occurred yesterday evening near the town of Aveiro to Costa Nova.
Daniel Fernandes, one of several holidaymakers, who posted a video of the shocking passage in social networks, said, "It flew very low twice, and there was a moment, at some point, I thought it would break."
Nuno Arraia added: "I was surfing and I swear I had a feeling that the plane is about to fall on me."
Tourists on the beach of Aveiro was terribly frightened when a plane appeared from the fog and flew at extremely low altitude
Air force of Portugal said today that the pilot of the plane P-3C Orion was performing a training flight for the detection of fishing vessels near the shore, and was forced to stoop as low as this was the only way to check them out.
The pilot stated that the airplane flew a little lower than usual due to poor visibility caused by smoke from nearby forest burning, but the air force insisted that no one was exposed to danger.
This summer, forest fires have caused damage to mainland Portugal and also claimed the lives of four people on the island of Madeira.
Air force of Portugal made a statement today that the pilot had to fly so low because of the circumstances — the thick fog and smog from forest fires that worsened visibility
The aircraft was performing a training flight and the pilot was instructed to find a fishing boat job
The system of "HACCP" for more than a year mandatory for caterers, but most cafes and restaurants of Petersburg it is still not implemented.
Test become more active, and businesses face fines of up to 1 million rubles.
For more than a year, the system Hazard Analysis and Critical Control Points (HACCP, in the Russian version HACCP) hazard analysis and critical control point - is mandatory for manufacturers and transporters of food, and companies in the field of catering in Russia, as a member of the Customs Union (CU).
Business inspections by Rospotrebnadzor for compliance with these standards started in St. Petersburg in February 2015.
But while officials prescribe penalties for certain violations of the rules (see "List of documents").
Failure to comply with the same regulations as a whole will cost the company 600 thousand rubles for the first violation and 1 million rubles - for second.
HACCP as a system that takes into account the risks of food and prevent them invented in the USA in the 1960-ies.
Then it was on the safety of food for astronauts.
Now the system is used on all food enterprises not only in USA but also in Canada and in the European Union.
From February 2015, HACCP operates on the territory of the customs Union.
For the development and implementation of business was 4 years (requirement of HACCP appeared in the technical regulations of the customs Union in 2011).
However, the entrepreneurs themselves, and officials acknowledge that most companies have not even heard about this rule.
We, unfortunately, have long been convinced that the rule applies only to food production, not restaurateurs, - said the head of the Public Council Elena Tsereteli.
Now everyone is trying to catch up.
Expected date of the resumption of Charter flights to Turkey - end of August - beginning of September.
But excessive demand, they will cause as their target audience - families with children - already getting ready for school, experts say.
The Alliance of travel agencies yesterday sent a letter to the government asking now allow charters.
"For many Russian tourists, the issue of selection of quality and affordable marine recreation is insoluble, because the resorts of the Krasnodar territory and the Republic of Crimea the majority of accommodation facilities are already booked until the end of September," - noted the authors of the letter and emphasize that the opening of Charter flights in August did not significantly affect the existing demand for Russian Maritime tourism products.
As have informed in Severo-the Western regional branch of the Russian Union of travel industry (PCT), if the aviation authorities of Russia and Turkey will quickly agree that the resumption of Charter flights to Turkey can be expected within a month.
A clear understanding of when they renewed the Charter until there is, it depends primarily on the aviation authorities.
Technically you can fly planes in September, even August, if tour operators will quickly build a program and negotiate with the airlines about the need in the direction of the sides," - said Pavel Rumyantsev, Deputy Director of communications and international projects North-Western regional Department of the PCT.
According to him, the possible renewal of the Charter is good news, but not too will affect the balance of power in the market, because the main buyers of Charter tours - families with children - have returned from vacation and getting ready for school or spend their holidays in other countries.
In the autumn season tours to buy mainly single travellers and couples.
Charter programs can rely on those who have the ability to spontaneously relax," - said Pavel Rumyantsev.
"Turkey has a chance to attract a lot of tourists, if it will give a very budget proposals - 50-60 thousand rubles for a trip for two, because there are people who deliberately offers a very cheap tours," says Valery Rozental, CEO of the travel Agency Optio-Travel.
Otherwise, count on excitement is just not worth it - the bulk of the travel is already planned.
Pavel Rumyantsev also said that, because regular flights to Turkey the demand is there, the charters will also be in demand, but the hype is not worth waiting.
"For Turkey, the launch of the Charter now is a rehearsal of the next season," - said Pavel Rumyantsev.
"The opening of charters in Turkey is positive news for next season," agrees Valery Rubtsov.
The tax code provides an exemption from personal income tax established by the legislation for compensation payments within the approved norms related to compensation of damage caused by injury or other impairment of health.
The results to the workers occupied on works with harmful working conditions, milk according to the established norms provided by article 222 of the labour code.
However, the rules and conditions for issuance established by order of the health Ministry of Russia dated 16.02.2009 No. 45N.
According to this document, free issue of milk or other equivalent food products is made by workers in the days of actual employment in jobs with harmful working conditions due to the presence in the workplace harmful factors.
On the basis of the norms of the Federal in this letter concluded that on the basis of par. 2 section 3 of article 217 of the tax code are exempt from taxation incomes in the form of cost of milk provided to the workers in the days of actual employment in jobs with harmful labour conditions, in accordance with the Rules and conditions, approved by order of the health Ministry of Russia dated 16.02.2009 No. 45N.
Moscow "Gazstroibank" remained without the licence of the Central Bank.
Friday, 12 August 2016, the Central Bank of Russia withdrew the license for banking operations of the credit institution joint stock Commercial Bank "GAZSTROIBANK" registered in Moscow.
According to the regulator, JSC JSCB "GAZSTROIBANK" conducted high-risk lending policy connected with placement of funds into low-quality assets.
Adequate assessment of risks assumed at the request of the Supervisory authority and reliable reflection of the value of assets of the Bank resulted from the credit institution grounds for implementation of measures on prevention of bankruptcy.
In addition, the credit institution was involved in dubious transactions.
The Bank appointed a temporary administration by period of validity till the moment of appointment of the liquidator or liquidator.
The powers of the Executive bodies of the credit institution in accordance with the Federal laws are suspended.
JSC JSCB "GAZSTROIBANK" - the participant of system of insurance of contributions.
Recall that the payment of insurance compensation to depositors of the Bank, including individual entrepreneurs, in accordance with Federal law No. 177-FZ "On insurance of deposits of individuals in banks of the Russian Federation" it is provided in the amount of 100% of the remaining balance, but not more than 1,4 million rubles in aggregate per depositor.
Payments, according to the Agency for Deposit insurance, will begin no later than August 26, 2016
According to statements by total assets of JSC JSCB "GAZSTROIBANK" on August 1, 2016 335 took place in the Russian banking system.
A London schoolgirl who joined ISIS killed in Syria
Cadiz Sultan, one of the three British Schoolgirls who left London last year to join ISIS reportedly killed in Syria.
Lawyer Tasneem Akundi said that her family learned about her death in raqqa, Syria, a few weeks ago.
It is assumed that she was killed by a Russian air strike in raqqa, a stronghold of the group in the country, as reported by ITV News on Thursday.
Sultan was 17 years old, and, according to her family, she died just when planned to leave the war-torn country and return to England.
"One can only hope that the only advantage of all this - as the tombstone and Testament to others that it is precisely those risks, referred to on the journey to the war zone - to dissuade people ever make the same choice," said Akanji.
In February 2015 the Sultan and two other Schoolgirls from East London have boarded a plane to Turkey and then a bus to the Syrian border.
Sultans of the family said she was married to militants of ISIS in Syria and became a widow within a few months.
Reid said that Clinton will remain loyal to the Garland as a candidate to the Supreme court if elected
The leader of the Democrats in the Senate Harry Reid said that he's convinced democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton will nominate judge Merrick garland of the Supreme Court, if elected as President.
The Republicans of the Senate blocked the approval of the garland, as President Barack Obama nominated him in March.
The majority leader in the Senate Mitch McConnell says that the next President will choose the person who will be able to replace the last Supreme Court justice Antonin Scalia.
Reid said on a conference call Thursday that he predicts that Clinton will choose garland "with some degree of confidence."
A spokeswoman for Reid said later that he did not speak to Clinton directly whether she nominate garland and just made assumptions.
He praised the garland and said that team Clinton would not want to "rock the boat" with the new choice.
Garland, chief judge United States court of Appeals for the district of Columbia.
Reid said that Republicans blocking the nomination of garland, is "henchmen" and "accomplices" Republican presidential candidate Donald trump.
He said that trump is not suitable for the position.
Treats claims that erotic calendars for 'women as for men
Treats magazine has partnered with photographer David Ballmera to produce a light calendar for 2017, Pirelli inspired by the 1970s.
But instead of naked celebs, they set out to find the next generation of top models for his calendar for 2017 with naked muses.
The President Treats Steve Shaw told us earlier this year that his magazine with lots of Nude models differs from old-fashioned Playboy, because "Playboy is for men."
I do it for women.
Obviously, he thinks the calendar too.
"We need to return to the demonstration of the eternal and the classical Nude, where women as well as men, feel comfortable and are inspired by these images of the female body," said Shaw in a press release announcing the calendar.
Women want to be part of this project because it is a beautiful work of art.
Models can submit photos online or in person at open casting calls in Los Angeles and new York.
Muscovites will distribute a memo about the unscrupulous online stores.
In Moscow are going to release the memo, which will tell you how to avoid becoming a victim of an online store.
This was reported in Rospotrebnadzor, reports M24.
It is reported that the specialists of the Department prepared a memo, which will help citizens to choose the right online store and to recognize a possible fraudulent scheme.
The concept of this brochure provides some sections.
It will be General information and legal framework, terms of goods delivery, ways of protecting their legal rights.
The app will provide recommendations on how to properly make a claim and so forth," - said in Rospotrebnadzor.
Memo to date is being finalized.
Subsequently, it will be posted on the website of Rospotrebnadzor in Moscow, also plans to release a printed version and give it to the Muscovites.
The Russian foreign Ministry issued a statement in which he called the name of the second suspect in the organization of sabotage in the Crimea.
Detained persons from among citizens of Ukraine and Russia, assisting in the preparation of terrorist acts.
Among them - the gentry, Eugene A. and Sahta Andrei Romanovich.
"All of them give grateful evidences", - stated in the message.
Earlier the inhabitant of the Zaporozhye area Evgenie Panov, who was detained on suspicion of organizing terrorist acts in the Crimea, admitted his guilt during the interrogation.
The FAS will fine Google to 438 million roubles.
The Federal Antimonopoly service of Russia (FAS) has appointed an administrative fine in the Google Corporation in the amount of 438 million rubles, said on the Agency's website.
"Fine for Google over violation of the Antimonopoly legislation amounted to 438 million rubles.
We hope that the company will execute our decision and pay the fine in the nearest future", - said Deputy head of FAS Alexei Dotsenko.
During the investigation, FAS established that Google is supplying to manufacturers of smartphones, sold in Russia, Google Play app store, only on the condition that the device will be installed and other applications of the Corporation.
Among these applications is the search engine that needs to be placed on the home screen of your smartphone.
Thus, the Corporation is violating part 1 article 10 of the Federal law "On protection of competition" (abuse of dominant position).
We are confident that the enforcement regulations will provide an opportunity for the development of competition in mobile software market in Russia that will have a positive impact on our customers.
The law "On protection of competition" must be followed by all companies whose products delivered on the territory of the Russian Federation, and the transnational corporations including", - said the head of Department of regulation of communications and information technologies of the FAS of Russia Elena zaeva.
The Agency suspects collusion 16 Russian stores.
The network "New book" was fined for selling the book "50 days before my suicide".
The network "New book" fined for selling the book Stace Kramer "50 days before my suicide", the Agency reports city news "Moscow".
As reported in the CPS, without specifying the amount of the penalty, the text of the book can be seen as "provocative or motivating suicidal behavior in children and adolescents."
Ostankino district court confirmed the violation of the requirements of distribution among children of information products and decided to appoint punishment in the form of a fine with the confiscation of 49 copies of the printed materials, seized control of the CPS.
The source of the "New book" confirmed that we are talking about Stace Kramer.
In March of this year it was reported that in the largest bookshops of Moscow are checking for the presence of the book "50 days before my suicide".
In Moscow will be held the evening of memory of Ernst Neizvestny.
In Moscow will be held the evening of memory of the sculptor Ernst Unknown, reports TASS.
The event will take place on August 15 at the Central house of writers.
Unfortunately, not everyone will be able to say goodbye to Unknown to US personally.
It was therefore decided to organize this evening for those who want to remember him in their native land," - said the press service of the Russian Jewish Congress.
It noted that it is important for the widow of the sculptor Anna Graham and his friends around the world.
On the evening of invited close friends, the Unknown, including the poet Yevgeny Yevtushenko, the artist Boris Messerer, President of the Pushkin Museum. Pushkin Irina Antonova, Director mark Rozovsky, and also the Minister of culture Vladimir Medinsky, head of the Department of culture of Moscow Alexander Kibovsky, Deputy mayor of Moscow Leonid Pechatnikov.
Earlier it was reported that relatives of Ernst Neizvestny plan to hold a memorial service for sculptor in new York, presumably before August 14.
The end user vinyl: who actually buys these records?
Single men, middle-aged love vinyl.
And while you're not rushed to clog the comments section rude insults under the pseudonym Newsentencearray.get, this statement is derived from actual data.
According to YouGov, as many are discussing the revival of LPS is not due to the boom among the millennial, who want to feel the novelty of the material object, and nostalgia of middle age.
Those who have recently purchased vinyl album c high probability are aged 45 to 54, according to.
Moreover, those who belong to the age group of 18-24 years are least likely.
It is not just the act of gathering lovers - this one has emotional value: older buyers are vinyl with a few more likely to keep their feelings to themselves (56% vs. 53 %) and enjoying the solitude (69 % vs 66 %).
But are the results of YouGov correct?
If this blog was a television news report, the camera would follow me until I went to the bustling streets of SOHO, in a modest gray suit and gesturing wildly before stopping, folding his hands and saying something impressive like, "well, let's see."
So, let's see.
While the heart of SOHO slowly loses its charm and dirt — hotels, cafes, shops Paperchase now flooded buildings, once occupied by independent sellers — a few music stores with fantastic professionals still left.
I would probably asked him to stay for the next scene, where I am close to different people in some of these stores and try to estimate their age and emotional state through observation.
A native of Glasgow Stewart, 55 years, who I followed from Sister Ray (count data: two young women, three middle-aged men) to Reckless Records (reporting: eight middle-aged men, one woman, probably older than 20 years), in London half a day to meet, and walks around the shops to take a few hours.
He's a collector, I ask?
"I suppose so, Yes," he says.
I have about 3,000 or 4,000 records.
These records, shown above (he sent me an email the I not chased him home), are the lines on the walls of his living room.
His reason for having such a huge number of albums and singles partly his disposable income, he now can buy records which he could not afford when they came out, and redeem the items that he sold when I was young and broke.
"A lot of what I acquire is the late 60's, early 70's, the stuff that came out when I was 11 or 12 things for which I was probably too young to buy," he says.
He agreed that those who buy records are likely introverts who like their own company, adding: "I don't smoke I don't drink very much.
It's my fault.
UEZ, 25, who works at Sister Ray also believes that many of the clients whom he meets, correspond to the profile of YouGov.
He, however, noticed a new wave of people, influenced by media hype, people who heard about the return and felt compelled to buy their old records.
Judging by the conversations I had, people got rid of their collection, usually in about 1998 or 1999.
Customers who once sold their vinyl to buy CDs, now selling their CDs to buy my records," he says.
This may explain the boom among the leaders of the vinyl revival of a certain age.
What about the alleged emotional importance of the records?
Enough to spend a few seconds in the store, such as Phonica, to understand that stores records offer a comfortable society of people with similar views.
According to the UEZ, some older clients in particular are offended cashless payment system.
Some vinyl lovers can feel the shock from the digital world and prefer to retire to a consistency of familiar envelopes for records, objects that evoke memories of carefree youth.
"I think sometimes it may be filling a void or the possession of material things as a kind of calm," says the UEZ.
Since I'm a collector, I got it, and I think many people too.
This is a simple way to take your head.
"We as social workers!", 'the counterpart of the rack plates.
The ICM poll in April showed that almost 50 % of the people who bought the vinyl album last month, haven't listened to it.
The survey also found that 41 % is the player, which they never use, while 7% of those who buy vinyl, no record player.
At this stage a news report, I would have probably looked seriously puzzled, flipping through the rack with compilations of Bossa Nova.
The "trophy" aspect of the revival is noticed johnny, 42 years, who works at Sounds of the Universe (counting data: three middle-aged men).
"Someone came in recently and said, "I Have no record player, but I want to buy a Radiohead album so we could put it to his shelf," he says.
It's not a big percentage, but it definitely happens.
Component more product, less music.
We have people who say, "I don't Have a record player".
It is more young people who are not elderly, they are a little less than twenty, who are just getting started with this.
From Fopp, which has now taken almost the entire floor vinyl, much more diverse audience when I come.
There are couples who are over 70, tourists who take pictures, teenage boys and middle-aged women.
Although the atmosphere is less relaxed than in the aforementioned stores — latest Sint - sexy and Wild Beast pop, not jazz improvisation, comes out through the speakers — nice to see the diversity in their customers.
None of them looks particularly lonely, but painful psychological trauma difficult to set 30 seconds after standing next to someone.
Eleanor, 27 years old, went to Fopp a few minutes looking at the different plates available.
She examines the goods and not spending money.
She earns a lot, she said, so collecting records is not very suitable option.
It is expensive.
Listen to music on the computer or other device, but the beauty of vinyl is...", she is immersed in dreams, with a sigh full of love.
I don't know how to explain — it's really unique.
My last stop is a store that is said to have contributed to the emergence of a new generation of vinyl lovers: Urban dandies.
While I create the illusion that consider denim-fitting shorts, I'm watching a group of teenage girls every minute gathering around a Polaroid camera, before the father and his daughter begin to discuss the purchase of a player Crosley.
On the left is the staircase wall which is lined with plates Adele, Jeff Buckley, Amy Winehouse and Fleetwood Mac is amazing: a mixture of modern style and classic, a mandatory album for any average collection.
No one is looking — perhaps because they are just decoration, some placed so high on the wall that it would be impossible to touch them.
This is a real "art vinyl".
But given that any attention to these subjects may mean more money for industry and send a few customers in the heartland of SOHO for some time, almost nothing to complain about.
Not surprisingly, the segment of the population, who are more likely than most to have more time and money than most - this is the layer that spends the most money on luxury items such as vinyl.
But so far my findings indicate that the YouGov results are accurate, at least in the records shops of SOHO, they do not exclude the existence of a huge number of women collectors and vinyl lovers that exist in reality, in stores records and in online forums.
These people are probably hard at work in school or offices.
But they obviously did not spend Thursday morning, walking through the stores records on Berwick Street, flipping through records and avoid looking at the nasty 30-year-old false lead, which hangs over the shoulders of unsuspecting middle-aged men.
Bowhead shark — the most long-lived vertebrate animal — video
Scientists believe that bowhead shark has the longest lifespan of all vertebrates on the planet.
Julius Nielsen, who is studying these sharks, says that the record set female aged from 272 to 512 years, and a length of five meters
A French court rejects a proposal to demolish the shops in the refugee camp Jungle
A French court has rejected the proposal of the authorities of Calais to carry dozens of makeshift shops and restaurants in the camp, the Jungle is home to thousands of refugees.
At the court hearing this week, the Calais authorities argued that the state should be able to carry a total of 72 makeshift stores where people inside the camp selling goods, from cigarettes to energy drinks, offered to get a haircut or sell tea for 50 cents (40P) or the simplest dishes for a few euros in a makeshift restaurants.
Prefecture of Calais was said that these places should be demolished because they are a parallel economy that does not pay taxes, and because they are fire and health risks.
A humanitarian group, told the court that the stores and restaurants are essential, stating that free meals offered by the Pro-government Association and other groups, does not give enough food for the growing population in the camp.
They expressed that makeshift shops and restaurants often provide free shelter and food to those who need it.
The court of Lille ruled that there was no legitimate reason to kick people that control 72 homemade stores, but said that the problems of the Prefecture of Calais "was fully understood".
Judge Jean-Francois Molla said that groceries, cafes and restaurants played a much bigger role than just feeding the people who "live in extremely precarious conditions."
He said that the space provided a relaxed meeting point for refugees and volunteers.
One of the places that was under threat of demolition, it was a children's café, the Jungle Book at the camp, which is operated not for profit and provides 200 meals a day, classes in English and French and the consultation of refuge for hundreds of vulnerable unaccompanied minors in the camp.
More than 170,000 people signed a petition to protect children's cafe.
The letter sent to the Guardian said that its closure "would be a disaster for these kids, some of them not older than eight years."
Two charities, Assistance to Refugees and L'auberge des Migrants on Friday estimated that the number in the camp the Jungle grew more than 9 000 people — the highest in history — after a sharp increase in new arrivals during the summer.
Library districts invite young svobodnensk on educational programs.
This week the library branches will hold meetings devoted to the city Day, Year of film, and even the Day of the athlete.
Programs are focused on children's audience, so for the most part will be in the form of a game.
Today, August 10, the library-branch № 2 in zaliniine district, invites you to cruise the presentation "my little Town".
August 11 in the library-branch № 1 will host regional hour "I in this city live I this city know that."
In the library-branch № 2 on the same day will be a multimedia lesson "the native Land past fate."
And in the library-branch № 4 in Surazhevka - the game program "Movie, movie, movie".
Sunday, August 14, for children from the Northern district library, branch No. 3 will hold a special program for "FizKult-Privet!".
Britain stop using silver in Rugby 7's, after the master class Fiji allows them to take gold
Impressive series of great Britain in Rugby-7 was a crushing stopped at the final obstacle with team Fiji in the final on Thursday evening when they were completely defeated 43-7 on the Deodoro stadium here in Rio.
Fiji gave a master class in ball possession, raspasovki, evasion, support, games, run lines, and brute force to win gold — their first Olympic medal of any color.
The defeat came from not too poor consolation in the form of silver — third in Britain in a day — and they could be proud of their efforts in the first Olympic games Rugby 7 in which on the way defeated New Zealand, Argentina and South Africa.
Painful beating Boks, 7-5 in the semifinals earlier in the day, could come back to affect them in the final.
But, notwithstanding that, Fiji in this form won is the best team of 15 people.
It may be some consolation for the UK — but probably not — at least one Briton will be hanged tomorrow on the neck of a gold medal: the head coach of Fiji's Ben Ryan, former chief of England from Wimbledon.
It was some journey for the UK.
Eight years ago, under Ryan, they lost every game at the Adelaide Sevens.
Here they lost just one.
These attacks will hurt, but the progress is remarkable.
Fiji started great, for the fun of beating off attempts by Britain to intercept the ball.
It was how to come across the moving column of buses for captain Tom Mitchell and the company, and the World series Champions went up 5-0 when Osea, Colineau ducked into a corner.
With four minutes on the clock Jerry Tuwai added another touchdown on the right flank, which was implemented.
12-0 and the UK barely touched the ball.
Great attempt to intercept Mitchell kept the mountain man Leon Nasarawa to score the third, but it only delayed the Fiji.
In the seventh minute of Jazz, Veremalua scored a touchdown in the right corner, and the UK were losing 17-0.
Nasarawa added another after the resumption and on the clock still had a minute ... in the first half.
Vatema Ravosa then broke through several lethargic attempts to intercept Britain and stormed the line to get the point.
Implementation led to 29-0 at the break.
It looked as if Fiji were born to play Rugby 7's, while the UK still gripped the craft.
Largely it is.
UK committed mass replace half of the game and they clogged the dam of the Fiji... all four minutes of that first half was fine until I passed Joshua Tuisova after several brilliant Fijian interactions.
Dan Norton caught the attempt for the UK, making the touchdown in the left corner below the score was 36-7, but the game had long gone the way of the South Sea islanders, whose fans sang, waved flags and danced in the stands.
It was impossible not to admire full of joy approach Fiji.
Mata William Fijian embellished cake that needed no embellishment, yet another attempt in the final seconds.
The whistle sounded, the Fijians embraced, and the Kingdom fell to the turf, completely defeated.
Earlier in the day Fiji defeated Japan 20-5 in the semifinals, and the UK is slightly surpassed South Africa in a tense semi-final in one attempt each — the difference is the British implementation.
Kyle brown displays Boks ahead in the first half, but Dan Norton with some magnificent footwork broke the line and scored under the beams in the second half.
Brilliant last attempt interception from Marcus Watson, brother of the 15-a side teams of England, Anthony, secured the victory — and ultimately a silver medal.
Helen Glover and Heather Stanning inspired to victory in rowing, wrestling coach with cancer
Will not be more exciting gold at these games, and that's saying something.
The first motion to the last, 220 heavy lifting in the story, Helen Glover and Heather Stanning found additional value their Golden time on Estacio da Lagoa.
Although they were the two who were pulling the oars in this boat were three voices, the echo of coach Robin Williams has always been while they sought a second consecutive Olympic gold in the women's pairs, the first woman in the annals of British sport, which had reached such a height.
Their superiority was absolute, in the end, it was their 39th undefeated performance, again unprecedented.
We see two brilliant athletes sliding on the surface with the elegance of swans, do not fully reflect the nature of the triumph.
Each gold rowing battalion made hands, contributing incremental victories, which are important, and no hands that was more important than the coach, who 30 months ago when he was diagnosed with cancer, did not know whether he will survive to see this day.
He said it was dangerous.
I had bladder cancer, which is one of the fact that they can operate, and they did.
If they don't, it goes everywhere.
It could be a pretty bad situation.
It slightly changes your views of the future.
Williams was diagnosed in December 2013
The trio was lucky that he could start treatment in early 2014 in the offseason, keeping the gap minimal graphics if this could be the right expression in such circumstances as these.
I needed the payment, so I had to heal quickly.
It was the impetus.
I was in the hospital and walked around the room — 20 feet, 30 feet, 50 feet at a time, although they said it was just a few steps.
Here's how it starts.
Rowing itself is a journey, but it makes it a little more.
In the next moment after winning their first thoughts were on Williams, who spent a nervous morning, talking a little more than usual, in an attempt to overcome their experiences.
Standing, captain of the artillery regiment with service in Afghanistan under his belt, said, "I was an emotional wreck this week, maybe it's a bit too much, but it means so much".
This only confirms how much this means to me, how much I worked Helen, and Robin too.
It was a fantastic three years with Helen and Robin.
Without Robin we would be nothing, so many thanks to him, he is the best coach in the world.
I did not ask for a better partner for a workout or the best coach.
Helen Glover and Heather Stanning never lost a race in five years.
This pair specifies the stressful pace that their competitors could never match.
Even the last 500 meters, when team New Zealand and Denmark began to get closer, Stanning and Glover had too many in stock.
We were strongly in phase.
Helen was called: 'stay in the process, stay in the process'.
It is very important not to get carried away.
We had a good start, and at the same time we tried to do something amazing.
We weren't expecting fireworks today, we're just waiting for someone to be able to paddle and go out and win this race, which we did.
The pair will take a year to decide their future.
Glover should be at the wedding next month, on her own with the TV adventurer Steve Bacchella.
Now she just wants to enjoy the moment.
I didn't want to say that this is my last race.
It would mean too much pressure.
In London it took about six months to realize that I became the Olympic champion.
It was all so new and I was so tense.
Here are took about four minutes.
Feel so much better," she said.
The government has extended the deadline for the destruction of the sanctions products
The government extended until the end of 2017 destruction deadline of foods that are prohibited for import to Russia.
The corresponding decree was signed by Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev, published on the official portal of legal information.
Embargo against countries that have imposed sanctions over the situation in Ukraine was introduced in our country in August 2014.
Subsequently, the ban has been repeatedly extended, now it is valid till 31 Dec 2017.
In Russia banned the import of certain agricultural products, raw materials and food from the USA, EU countries, Canada, Australia, Norway, Ukraine, Albania, Montenegro, Iceland and Liechtenstein.
In particular, the ban covers meat, fish, seafood, vegetables, fruits and dairy products.
Disposal of food imported into the country in the arms embargo to be held in Russia from August 2015.
Only for the I quarter of 2016 from the sale of seized about 100 tonnes of prohibited products.
The hunt for "zapresheno"
On Friday in Moscow are expected rains and thunderstorms.
Through the capital region will undergo atmospheric front that will bring precipitation and lower air temperature.
In the afternoon the air warms up to 25 degrees Celsius.
So, on the night of Saturday in Moscow in some places will be intermittent rain, possible thunderstorms and wind gusts up to 15 m/s.
The afternoon rain is expected with thunderstorms and gusts of up to 12-17 m/s.
Rains with thunderstorms are predicted also in the Oryol, Kursk and Voronezh regions, according to "Days.ru".
Next week precipitation is unlikely.
A panel of WTO arbitrators found that Russian import duties on paper, refrigerators and palm oil are contrary to the rules of the organization.
The import rate in excess of the commitments undertaken by Russia upon accession to the WTO.
"This is the first time that the WTO has decided against Russia," - said in a statement on the official website of the organization.
However, the arbitrators stressed in its conclusion that the EU has not provided sufficient evidence that measures of Russia "was systematic" or "comprehensive".
Russia, in turn, has promised in the near future, the time to adjust import duties on paper and refrigerators.
This is stated in the message of Ministry of economic development.
On 4 July it was reported that Kiev intends to complain to the world trade organization on Russia's actions, which imposed additional restrictions on the transit of Ukrainian goods.
This is stated in the statement of the government of Ukraine.
In may, the Financial Times wrote that the behavior of States in the resolution of disputes in the WTO undermines the accepted organization principles discussion.
A similar statement was made by Brazil, Japan, the EU and other WTO members because of the refusal of the Americans to approve the second-term South Korean judge Chang sunhwa.
In this regard, Russia will not appeal to the WTO on the issue of Western sanctions against Russia.
WTO is an international organization created in January 1995 to liberalize international trade.
Now it is composed of 162 countries.
Russia joined in 2012.
In the presidential administration, the head was replaced
The President of Russia Vladimir Putin has appointed the head of his own administration, former Deputy of Sergei Ivanov of Anton Vaino.
Vladimir Putin held a reshuffle in the presidential administration and expressed hope that the new head of his administration will contribute to the constructive work of the government and the Kremlin.
In turn, Anton Vaino at the meeting said that anti-corruption work has started on a post of the head of the presidential administration Ivanov, and promised to cooperate with the government.
Previously "Izvestia" wrote that experts believe the situation with the resignation of Sergei Ivanov from the post of head of the administration transparent and understandable and permutations will not change anything fundamentally in the administration of the Kremlin.
They note that the left leader who has been working in the presidential administration long enough, effectively built up activity.
Instead it came Deputy chief of staff Anton Vaino - the person who knows the specifics of the job.
In Poland admit that they would not buy fuel from Gazprom.
The Polish state oil and gas company PGNIG does not exclude that in a few years the supply of gas from Russia may become unattractive to her because of the redirection of fuel from Norway and other countries.
This was announced by Vice-President of the Polish company for Finance Bohuslav Marzec.
His words TASS reports.
"It may happen that we will not buy gas ("Gazprom"), we now diversify our supply.
Within the next four years the main directions of deliveries will be to the East, raw materials from the LNG terminal and Norway," said Marzec.
At present, Gazprom holds a dominant position in gas supplies to Poland.
On Friday, August 12, PGNIG reported that the Russian supplier in the first half of 2016 gave her nearly 5.3 billion cubic meters of gas, which is 30% higher than in 2015.
The share of Russian gas giant PGNIG in the procurement has increased to 49.8% compared to 40% a year earlier.
Recall that on 22 July, the Antimonopoly Ministry of Poland has not agreed on creation of joint venture "Gazprom" and its European partners for the construction of the pipeline "Nord stream-2".
While a month earlier, Poland left the request "Gazprom" to supply 11 billion cubic meters of gas, "Nord stream-2".
This was stated by Deputy Chairman of the Board of holding Alexander Medvedev.
The auction for the capacity of "Nord stream-2" will take place in 2017, and in the fall of 2016 it is planned to conduct auction for its installation.
At the end of may it was reported that "Gazprom" does not plan to take any action in connection with the intentions of the Polish side to renounce long-term contracts for the supply of gas from Russia after 2022, said the Deputy Chairman of the Board of the company Alexander Medvedev.
He recalled that in the first quarter of this year, the poles only increased by 42% gas purchases from Russia.
Deputy Chairman of "Gazprom" has added that the fact of filing the Polish PGNIG statements in the Stockholm arbitration court does not mean the end of the negotiations.
Earlier, the Polish company appealed to the court to reduce the purchase price for Russian gas.
We will remind, the representative of the government of Poland on issues of gas and energy infrastructure Piotr Naimski said that Poland's authorities have decided not to renew the contract with "Gazprom" on gas supply.
The Poland contract with Gazprom was signed in 1996 and expires in 2022.
In March the Commissioner of the government of Poland on issues of gas and energy infrastructure Piotr Naimski said that his country six years can refuse deliveries of blue fuel from the East.
According to him, Warsaw is planning to build a new terminal and supply LNG to Baltic Pipe, which will connect the country with the Norwegian shelf.
"Nord stream-2" provides for the construction of two offshore strings with a total capacity of 55 billion cubic meters of gas per year from Russia to Germany under the Baltic sea.
Special monitoring mission (SMM) of the OSCE has increased the number of observers near the border of Ukraine with the Crimea.
This was announced by first Deputy head of the SMM in Ukraine Alexander hug.
"I can confirm that the SMM has increased the number of observers in this area", - he told, answering a corresponding question of journalists, transfers "RIA Novosti".
According to the OSCE, the situation on the border of Ukraine and Crimea is calm, incidents affecting security, there is not fixed.
Observers tracked what is happening in the three checkpoints through the Russian-Ukrainian border.
In the Internet appeared the video landed at the airport of Ufa of the passenger plane the Yak-42, which skidded off the runway 400 meters and fell on the left wing.
A video published by the TV channel "360".
The incident occurred at 4.30 Moscow time.
Flight of airline "KrasAvia"" arrived from Sochi.
They were quickly evacuated to a safe place, no casualties.
The aircraft was transported to the Parking lot.
Ufa airport works in a usual mode.
Privolzhsky investigatory management on transport SKR was engaged in clarification of the causes of the hard landing of the liner.
The UN is investigating the use of chemical weapons in Syria.
A special Commission of the UN investigating the possible use of toxic gas in rebel-held areas of the Syrian city of Aleppo.
All parties to the conflict deny the use of chlorine, however, the UN special envoy for Syria Stefan de Mistura believes the incident is undeniable.
Similar statements came on the eve of the third round of inter-Syrian talks that should begin in late August in Geneva.
The UN has begun an investigation into the reported use of chemical weapons in the Syrian city of Aleppo.
The first information about the terrorist attack using toxic gas, presumably chlorine, 2 Aug.
Then the opposition said that in the area where he had been shot down by a Russian military transport helicopter, the aircraft dropped bombs with poison gas, but in Moscow, these accusations are called surge.
Later, the Russian defense Ministry has accused the opposition group "Harakat Nur ad-DIN AZ-Zinki".
It soon became known that infested with toxic gas bombs had two.
This was confirmed by the BBC one of the victims.
"A few minutes later I felt a gas smell, eyes burn, it became difficult to breathe", - quotes the edition of words of the witness.
In the attack at least 7 people were killed, 23 were hospitalized.
If the fact of use of poison gas is confirmed by the experts of the action will be regarded as a war crime.
UN special envoy on Syria Staffan de Mistura told reporters: "the Evidence that it really happened, a lot."
The inadmissibility of the use of chlorine for military purposes spelled out in the Convention on the prohibition of chemical weapons (CWC).
Despite the fact that all parties to the Syrian conflict deny the use of toxic gases, in 2015, human rights activists have recorded 35 cases of use of chlorine by the Syrian army against the "moderate opposition".
The situation in Aleppo is complicated by the fact that the fire districts are maintained on a daily basis, and the terrorists prevent the withdrawal of residents from the city.
According to Reuters, the UN expects from Russia the establishment of a "humanitarian pause" in hostilities.
The current regime daily three-hour lull in his opinion "are insufficient to help the nearly 2 million civilians, caught in the trap."
Advisor Staffan de Mistura for humanitarian Affairs Jan Egeland declared that for delivery in the city aid and evacuating the sick and wounded there every week will require a 48-hour cease-fire.
"We have to send bulk cargo with a column of trucks in the area where the roads are virtually destroyed and those that remained mined", - said Mr. Egeland. But the Russian delegation confirmed its readiness to sit down with us at the negotiating table".
Consultations in Geneva between U.S. and Russia regarding the establishment of a "humanitarian pause" continues.
As Russia opened a "humanitarian window" in Aleppo.
In the ongoing battle for Aleppo, the second largest Syrian city of Russia, on 11 August announced the introduction of a three-hour cessation of hostilities, which will operate daily starting from Thursday.
The creation of a "humanitarian window" is to provide conditions for delivery in the city of medicine, food and basic necessities.
The decision of the Ministry of defense of the Russian Federation made on the background of growing international pressure on Moscow with the demand to curtail military operation to contribute to the resumption of the negotiation process.
In the series of bombings in the resorts of Thailand killed four people.
Several explosions rocked southern Thailand on Friday morning.
The attack killed four people and injured 19.
The epicenter of the explosions occurred in the town of Hua hin.
Among the victims were ten foreigners, citizens of the four States, the Russians among them.
Responsibility for the incident has not yet took none of the terrorist groups, but the interior Ministry hastened to declare that the Islamists it has not been involved.
On suspicion of organizing the explosions have already detained several people.
According to preliminary data of the local police, the scale and characteristics of the explosions indicate that they were directed against the head of the country's military.
The attack happened in the popular tourist areas such as Patong beach in Phuket and in Hua hin, Trang and Surat Thani.
After the arrival of the military junta to power in the country in 2014, economic growth fell from 7.2% (in 2012) to 2.8% (in 2015), but tourism remained one of the few sectors which is showing development.
In 2016, the country has been visited by 14 million people, 1.5 million more than in 2015.
Already arrested the first suspects in the preparation and organization of the attacks, said police Colonel Crisan is offered at Patanakarn.
It is too early to talk about the goals, he added, but the Ministry is "confident that with international extremist groups they are not related."
It is too early to draw conclusions, - said Mr. Patanakarn. -
But we do know that these incidents are not directly linked to any form of terrorism, in fact it is local sabotage, and we are trying to establish the identity of those who stood behind them.
The explosions occurred on the birthday of Thailand's Queen Sikrit.
Thai junta considers the protection of the monarchy as one of its main priorities, so the incident most likely directed against it.
According to the statements of police General Ithica Chrysophtharta, the bombs were detonated remotely with a difference in half an hour.
They were hidden in the trees on busy streets, filled with dinners in restaurants with tourists.
It is already known that one of the four killed was a Thai woman selling street food.
The identity of the remaining victims is still unknown, but we know that they are residents in four foreign countries.
According to the Royal Thai police, among them four Germans, three Dutch nationals, two citizens of Italy and a citizen of Austria.
Russians among the victims of the bombings there, said the press service of the Federal tourism Agency.
Local experts also associate the explosions with the last on August 7 referendum, where 61.4 per cent of the population supported the new draft Constitution.
It was prepared by the Commission on the drafting of the Constitution, appointed by the military junta.
The voters need to decide whether they support a system in which the upper house of the Parliament appointed by the military and has a significant role in electing the Prime Minister of the country.
The new system was adopted and for the first time will be tested in the parliamentary elections of 2017.
Recall, 22 may 2014 Thailand's military coup under the leadership of the commander of the army of the country prayuth Chan-OCHA.
This step, according to him, the army was prompted by the ongoing political crisis and the lack of progress in negotiations between the government and the opposition.
The military created the national Council for peace and order, imposed a curfew and censorship, dispersed the protesters and the upper house of Parliament.
As Bangkok was in a state of emergency
The Thai government led by Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra in January 2014 announced the introduction of a state of emergency in Bangkok and adjacent to the capital provinces.
A special regime lasted 60 days.
As in Bangkok two explosions.
In January 2014 in the heart of Bangkok at the Victory monument, which hosted one of the main protest, two explosions occurred, in which 28 people were injured, five of them were in critical condition.
Explosions produced unknown motorcycle.
Authorities tightened security in the capital and attracted military forces to protect demonstrators.
In Sukhoy Log has begun development conditions.
As it became known "Kommersant", the government proposed to coordinate the project of conditions of auction on the gold Deposit Sukhoi Log, preserving two key limitations.
The auction is proposed to prevent companies where 25% or more owned by foreigners, and those candidates, in which the capital will not be at least 25% state participation.
Industry participants do not expect that the government would rewrite terms, noting that many players and so do not risk to undertake a complex and expensive project.
The auction may be declared in August, and to hold in October.
The Ministry of environment submitted to the government a draft order and conditions of the auction for the world's largest undeveloped gold deposits in Russia, Sukhoi Log (Irkutsk region, reserves and resources - million oz 130), said two sources of Kommersant familiar with the situation.
The project brought in Wednesday night, said one of them.
The Ministry of natural resources confirmed "Kommersant" that the project submitted to the government.
The representative in charge of subsoil use Deputy Prime Minister Alexander Khloponin told Kommersant that the office of the official project has not yet been received.
"The auction will be announced in August, immediately after the orders of the government, and with the deadline to collect applications of potential participants (at least 45 days), the tender could take place in October," - said in the Ministry of environment.
According to "Kommersant", in the project there are two key requirements to potential participants, written in the version that went to the ministries and Foam in July (there is a "b").
The first is the capital of applicants of at least 25% state participation.
The second is the denial of access to the auction for companies under control of foreign investors, based on understanding, law 57 on ininvesting in strategic companies.
According to the two mentioned in the draft articles of the law, as already wrote "Kommersant" on 2 August, the auction may not allow companies whose beneficiaries (25% share and above) are not tax residents of Russia or have dual citizenship.
The government has the right to impose such restrictions, as the Dry Log refers to the Federal mineral deposits (reserves of over 50 tonnes of gold).
The Ministry of environment confirmed that the project "contains restrictions on the admission of foreign companies", but declined to comment on details before the order of the government.
The requirement for state equity participation to the bidders put forward Irkutsk oblast, said in December 2015, "Kommersant" in the Ministry of environment and confirmed later by the Governor of the region Sergey Levchenko, noting that it was sent to the Ministry of natural resources and his predecessor Sergey Eroschenko, "had agreement on investment projects with Rostec".
Who lobbied for the restriction on the admission of foreigners, interlocutors ""do not specify.
"But it is in the spirit of the time: do not give control of the largest gold deposits in Russia amid Western sanctions," - says the source "b" familiar with the preparation of the auction.
The Minister of natural resources Sergey Donskoy on August 1 said that foreigners "can go to the consortium," if the candidates will draw them "as financial institutions, technology partners".
Interlocutors "" consider it unlikely that the government will adjust the conditions.
The main contender for Sukhoi Log in the industry believe the consortium is the largest gold miner of the Russian Federation, OJSC Polyus, controlled by the son of Suleiman Kerimov said, and "Rostec".
As wrote "Kommersant", in July, the partners have established a SP "CL Gold", where the "Pole" 51% of the shares, the structure of Rostec RT-GR - 49%.
In "assistance" declined to comment, in the "Pole" said "Kommersant" that "of course, interested in the asset" and have all the necessary expertise and resources to its development.
"But the final decision on the possibility and form of our participation will be made after the announcement of conditions", - added in "Pole".
In the auction can participate ALROSA, but the decision of the government of the Russian Federation, told Kommersant's sources.
The opportunities to participate in the development of a Dry Ravine said GV Russian and canadian Kinross Gold, which is developing assets in the Chukotka region, while Polymetal Nordgold and, according to "Kommersant", not interested in the asset.
The head of the Russian Union of gold Sergei Kashuba in December 2015 was evaluated, "b" investments in Sukhoy Log in the $2.5-4 billion.
Most potential candidates are deterred not only the amount of investment, but also the complexity of the project: we need a serious exploration of reserves and technologies of complex ores, explain the interlocutors of "Kommersant" in the industry.
The pension market has opened the largest M&A deal - "KIT Finance Pension administrator" started the process of combining the four controlled by the NPF.
As a result, on the basis of "Gazfond Pension savings" will be created SPC with savings of about 373 billion rubles.
The launch of a merger of four pension funds - "the WHALE Finans", "Promagrofond", "Heritage" and "Gazfond Pension savings" - said yesterday the owner of 100% of the funds of OOO "KIT Finance Pension administrator".
"Reorganization is carried out in coordination with the Central Bank in compliance with the requirements of pohudenie the terms of existing contracts," - said in a statement.
The Association is based on "Gazfond Pension savings".
As the CEO noted that NPF Oleg Beloshitsky, the pooling of funds allows to solve several problems: expanding the geography of presence and concentration of resources for development, reduce costs, replication of best practices each of the funds and improve corporate management.
According to him, the approximate date of the completion of the consolidation, the second quarter of 2017.
The merger of NPF "Gazfond Pension savings" will become the largest player in the market OPS.
As of March 31, the amount of pension savings of the merging funds exceeded 373 billion rubles.
As follows from the statements on the website of the funds, the beneficiaries of their owner - "KIT Finance Pension administrator" - are currently Anatoly Gavrilenko (through controlled LLC owns 65%) and NPF "Gazfond" (35%).
However, the Union group has launched much later than competitors.
Thus, controlled group O1 NPF "the Future" absorbed Stalfond in the beginning of this year.
Currently, this joint attaches the funds of NPF "URALSIB" and "Russian standard".
"The unification in a single structure, in addition to reducing costs, it is necessary to solve structural problems" - General Director NPF "the Future" Nikolay Sidorov.
Active work on consolidation of funds from April, and the retirement group Safmar - NPF "European", "Education and science" and Regionfond have to join in the Fund Safmar before the end of this year.
In 2017 they will be joined NPF "Trust".
"Combining the funds will give the effect of strengthening risk control, operational processes and costs," - noted in the pension group Safmar.
Pause in pooling of funds, which has stood the "KIT Finance Pension administrator", can be caused by several reasons, experts say.
Until recently, the NPF could not redeem more than 40% of the volume of issue of infrastructure bonds, which were actively occupied by the group.
After amending the resolution of the Central Bank in March this year to a number of issuers that meet the requirements of the regulator, such restrictions are no more.
If necessary, the entire issue can buy one big player," says the Director of the group ratings of financial institutions of an ACRE Yuri Nogin.
Several leaders of the NPF of the top 15 by assets another possible reason for the pause is called division of spheres of influence and, as a result, appointments in a single Fund, which was to reconcile the owners group.
Yesterday Anatoly Gavrilenko was unavailable for comment.
On request "b" to NPF "Gazfond" also did not respond.
Although the consolidation of the funds is a time - consuming and expensive event, on long distances this decision will be justified.
As the General Director of consulting company "Pension partner" Sergey Kolesnov, "Gazfond Pension savings" less the outflows, the accession will help stabilise the base of the other funds of the group.
This will demand a better experience, NPF "KIT Finance" and "Promagrofond" in building retail sales OPS, and use more modern SOFTWARE.
The requirements of the Central Bank to the processes and personnel of the NPF are constantly growing, so to duplicate the infrastructure on the four funds with the single investpolitiki impractical, says the managing Director of corporate ratings of "Expert RA" Pavel Mitrofanov.
"The effect of the reduction of duplicating functions and definitely will cover the possible costs to the Association," said Mr. Mitrofanov.
The cost of merging the four funds Sergey Kolesnov estimated at 30-50 million rubles.
"The cost of maintaining the four funds of these sizes are about 400 million rubles a year, consolidation in the medium term the budget is actually cut by half," - said Mr. Kolesnov.
In the Russian rolling out the kind of disney movie "Pete and his dragon."
Beautiful views of New Zealand, touching the dragon, sentimental stories and songs in the style of the country enough to believe in old-fashioned magic, says ELENA KRAWCZUN.
Scared kid picked up dragon became a human baby and a gentle nurse, and loyal friend.
Pete calls his friend Elliot, in honor of the puppy from the book of fairy tales, plays tag with it and falls asleep in an embrace.
Six years later, his beard and a loincloth, is not to distinguish from the other bright forest Tomboy Mowgli.
In this form of Pete and detects a red-haired woman-the huntsman, grace (Bryce Dallas Howard), while the team of Gavin (Karl urban), the brother of her husband, aggressive coming down the forest.
Now she will have to not only believe in the existence of the dragon, but to help save it.
Pete is a crash course in "being human" in the idyllic Americans who wear shirts-cowbone moral code in your heart and smile more than any advertising.
No one character looks and acts too horrible for the audience really started to hate him or to fear.
Even Gavin, hunting, searching for unusual inhabitant of the forests subject to him, far from incorrigible villain.
Huge fluffy dragon also turned out not terrible, good muzzle bulldog avialiners wing span and the ability to become invisible.
Funny dragon purrs, purrs, grunts and even, thankfully, does not speak, but he all the time wants to stroke, he compares favorably with all known cinematic dragons.
The visual image of Elliot and his demeanor provide such a high degree of emotional involvement that in the most intense moments, you begin to desperately cry in three streams, not only young viewers, but also adults.
Surprisingly good and young oaks Figley in the role of Pete, is torn between the family and a true friend.
And Robert Redford masterfully gives the canonical grandfather, who would be glad to have literally every child.
As Director David Lowery has managed to remove the fantastically cute remake of a forgotten disney movie "Pete's Dragon" 1977, mediocre from nose to tip of tail and remembered only a mix of animation and live-action films, and make it the most emotional movie of this summer?
Nothing short of a miracle helped.
In its picture of Lowry from the original, in fact, took only two things: orphan Pete and dragon.
Left behind music rooms and a big part of weird jokes.
In this heart-warming tale read features borrowed from "Bambi", "Alien", and many other cherished children's paintings.
The Disney Studio continues to successfully expand the gallery of high-quality remakes of the XXI century.
Of course, "Pete and the dragon" is not as stunningly beautiful as the same "jungle Book", and in it is a skillful villain, which turned out to be cate Blanchett in the role of stepmother in new 'Cinderella'.
But this naive film is not less successful in helping to believe in miracles and goodness in the best disney tradition.
By the way, the keys to the magic castle of Disney Director Lowry gets another - for the art of film adaptation is the story of "Peter pan".
Spent in "the pit and the dragon" in tandem with David Lowery and written by Toby Halbrooks entered an ambitious new project about not growing up a boy by the fairy tale of James Barry.
RBC journalist Alexander Sokolov will impose a new charge
Lawyers to the investigative Committee Alexander Sokolov, who is accused of organizing an extremist organization, said that the Prosecutor's office found flaws in their client.
That the Prosecutor made such a representation, we learned from investigators yesterday.
We were scheduled to participate in the hearing on the issue of restrictions on familiarization with the materials of the criminal case, but the meeting eventually took place, and the investigators we have a report issued by the Prosecutor's office view", - quotes RBC of a word of lawyer Olga Dinze.
She said that the Prosecutor's office pointed out to the investigators for lack of qualification of the case and the materials collected.
Now investigators will have to bridge the gaps in the evidence base and present Alexander Sokolov new charge.
In either case, there will be another article of the Criminal code (CC), or remain the same, but with different arguments and new evidence, says MS Dinze.
As reported by "Kommersant", Alexander Sokolov was arrested on 29 July 2015.
In June of this year, it was reported that the investigation was expelled from the prosecution of the journalist of RBC of the wordings about the "loosening of the political situation in the direction of instability and the overthrow of the government by illegal means".
The correspondent of "Коммерсантъboscosport" ALEXANDER ZILBERT lived the life of an Olympian in the Olympic village, inspected the building of the Russian national team, had lunch at a local cafeteria and even passed the test to WADA.
It seems that life here never stops for a second.
Even in the night.
The last starts sometimes end after midnight, after which athletes need about two hours to return to the Olympic village.
In addition, without stop is the check in and check out from the village, as some athletes finish their presentations and leave Brazil, and some, on the contrary, only come here.
Well, already 7:30 in the morning in one of the temporary tents stretch all the heads of the Olympic delegations.
In these meetings we usually discuss some operational domestic issues, says the head of the sports delegation of the Olympic team of Russia Igor Kazikov. - Despite the fact that the house in which is our, consider a model he was commissioned one of the first and demonstrated to all reviewers, even there and then meet some deficiencies.
The hot water problem, then, sorry, with toilets.
For cleanliness it was quite a struggle.
First, just nobody came out.
Then they started to come cleaners, but only popsical some substance on the floor, and that's all.
Floors they, you know, some of innovative.
Supposedly it is impossible to wash them like human beings.
Yes, we know the laminate flooring ordinary!
In General, change has made the cleaning company and now it's all OK.
The Olympic village is such a fuss, sleeping area, enclosed on one side by mountains, on the other - an impressive ditch, sometimes filled with water.
Well, for reliability's still there around the perimeter six-foot iron fence, along which walk the border.
Only the village can accommodate up to 17 thousand people in 3604 apartments, located in 31 houses.
On one of the 18-storey buildings there is a huge Russian flag - this home is fully given to the needs of our team.
Glancing at the small foyer at the entrance, you can immediately identify problems, apparently, are for the domestic team's most pressing.
At the front Desk hang two ads: print "Please do not throw paper in the toilet!" and hand - "I will Accept a gift icons.
She strut is buried in the booklets.
Their cheerful colors contrast with the titles of the brochures: "a guide to infectious diseases for travelling in Rio de Janeiro", "First aid for drowning, ingestion of a foreign body in the respiratory tract, loss of consciousness - the stages of cardio-pulmonary resuscitation", "First aid for burns, heat stroke, fractures and bleeding".
The text inside is in General encouraging.
For example, "the Infection is accompanied by fever and subsequent recovery.
However, a favorable outcome is waiting for not everyone.
Of course, the national team of Russia includes the medical center, which is always ready to help the residents of the house professional support, including relaxation and sports massage.
Opposite the medical centre and the headquarters of our delegation.
Next to the door - inspirational poster "no matter what, we will win!".
And, of course, a poem:
All arguments are absolute nonsense!
They believe only those who are afraid.
We let the smaller, the sweeter the taste of victory, Russia will not back down, will not break!
And for even more raise the spirit hangs an announcement: "Dear brothers and sisters!
With the blessing of his Holiness Patriarch of Moscow and all Russia Kirill spiritual care for athletes of the Olympic team of Russia Archpriest Andrey Alexeev.
To order a prayer service and other religious rites on the phone...
In General, the village has a Center for meditation and religious ceremonies for all faiths.
But the Russians, it turns out, in a privileged position - they have their own chapel.
In connection with congestion of the Elevator from the ninth floor to the fourth I decided to go down the stairs, recommended during a fire.
And in the darkness stumbled about lying on her body.
Apparently, it was a sleeping employee is a new cleaning company.
I guess ready at any moment to rush to wash innovative flooring they decided to arrange a quiet hour directly on the cold steps.
On the fourth floor I had a meeting with old friends - Vitaly F. Dubko, coach our batutist, leading them to Olympic gold 16 years ago in Sydney.
He with a pupil, European champion Yana Pavlova, kindly agreed to show their rooms.
To complain, by and large, not what, - says the honored coach of Russia. - We live in two beds, of course, are almost back to back, but it's not critical.
The bathroom is one for four, but spacious.
Wardrobe, of course, ridiculous, made of cloth, trust is not, but things can be put.
"No, well, you figure out the tea they have is over!" - shrugs tennis player Svetlana Kuznetsova, met me in the main dining room.
Home it's called though, because that is a space of 2.7 thousand sq m and is ready to accommodate 5 thousand visitors.
Then give to the surface of 60 thousand servings per day absolutely free.
Menu options: "Best of Brazil", "world Kitchen", "Asian dishes" and "Pizza, pasta".
The last option, as I peeked, is very popular among our players.
Thus, for example, of soups I am in one of the units of a giant restaurant not found.
Yes, some soups? - surprised Kuznetsova. - There is no tea!
Well, I am with a Chinese captured, custard.
And a kettle.
But in General, you understand, we on the courts of the power even worse.
Here is something you can choose, despite the unbearable monotony.
I personally chose the cod steamed and meatballs in tomato sauce.
Beside each dish is a plate with its name in three languages - English, French and Portuguese, as well as showing the nutritional value of the product and the presence of allergens.
Well, quite, frankly, it was edible.
Even I do not understand why this place is all the time in the local McDonald's.
Well-fed, relaxed, you can say "cushy" athletes at the exit of the restaurant waiting for our best friends - the representatives of the world anti-doping Agency (WADA).
Bait cleverly - quiz, the winner of which gets the t-shirt.
Provoke, we can say!
To receive your gift, you must correctly answer at least eight questions out of ten.
There are questions in Russian! - attacked me girl from WADA.
But not who he was.
I have Patriotic impulse harnessed, of course.
The situation worsened at the second question: "If I received notification of a doping control, should I report immediately to the doping control?"
I stopped on a variant: "No - I have one hour."
Lost, so to speak, vigilance.
Forgot that WADA exemptions should not wait.
In General, it is necessary immediately.
Well, at the seventh stage of the quiz my situation became very critical.
For some reason I thought that if it's hard to keep a balanced diet because of my tight schedule (and I, by the way, it's hard!), I can use supplements to get "extra nutrients to enhance my performance."
But no, not allow!
Or rather, the answer formulated so that it does not forbid, but strongly, in a few sentences discouraged.
Unfair playing is WADA!
How's it going, Russia? - mockingly asks the presenter of the quiz.
Nowhere to retreat - behind Efimova, Isinbayeva and bled our entire team.
So I focused and the last effort won the unfortunate shirt.
You know, as they say, ours!
In triumphant mood I wandered into the fitness center in the neighborhood.
Carried away with counting machines.
Lost track at 250.
Was surprised to see that this conglomeration of treadmills not detected any of the Russian athlete.
But maybe it's right?
Let the trained one who can't act!
But in a nearby clinic, one of our guy's was sitting.
In line to the optometrist.
Don't worry, I'm not.
In the clinic, however, as throughout the village, wherever you spit hanging apparatus for issuing condoms.
It is inscribed with the inspiring call: "Celebrate with a condom!"
Then just have to spin a piece of metal resembling the handle of the door lock, and a condom made of natural latex of the Amazon, readily falls from the machine.
I took one for the memory.
From athletes don't lose anything - they brought their 450 thousand
Just for holidays and idle time in the Olympic village there is a whole entertainment center.
Near it just in case is informative plaque reminding the international Olympic Committee in different ways spends on athletes of $3.25 million per day.
The center is flooded with video games, pool tables and tennis tables, table football and hockey and some strange devices, similar to videoteenager.
What's that? - interested in from a friend in the form of the Ukrainian team, which actively uses a strange toy.
Could, of course, just say that he didn't want to talk to someone in the form of Russian national team, and that's all.
Here, incidentally, by some strange coincidence, in the eyes dazzled from the boys in yellow and blue.
The most playing team is.
To get around the village, looking in every corner to not less than three hours.
But, if it is to walk, not ride on electric cars, you will open the and the home of the canadian national team with the moose at the entrance and canopy with a restorative bath, and ticket office, and Laundry and dry cleaning, and Barber shop, flower shop, and a shop goods of daily consumption, and mail with unique brands (only you won't be able to wait out the queue of Chinese philatelists), and the Bank, and the Bureau finds, and photokiosk.
Later in the evening you, exhausted, sit down near an olive tree, festooned with colorful ribbons in memory of departed friends and relatives of the athletes.
And going to the accompaniment of machine, randomly spraying a liquid for killing insects, to think about eternity.
That is about the Olympic movement.
Which in this village is not stop for a minute.
Russian while the rest of the world watched with bated breath as the Australians was nearly punished the American Dream Team, real fans went to the net.
Few people know the news that Inna Deriglazova won gold in the foil at the XXXI Olympic games, I got first.
I may be even a single Muscovite, who saw how it happened - except, of course, who that night watched in Carioca.
It can be understood only by a true fan.
Just imagine: deaf Moscow night.
The neighbors below - always at night - Wake up and start good-natured, but very loudly shouting at each other.
And threatening to move the furniture.
In the kitchen leaking faucets - there's no time to go to the market and buy as asked the plumber a new one.
In a TV schedule, nothing is clear, so I just kept on control channels "Match", "First" just in case "Russia" - although it is almost meaningless.
"Russia" - the birthplace of repetitions, all sports there is some reason in the recording.
There series live broadcast.
The hope, of course, to "Match" - the whole evening the young man shouted in the news first about the great semi-final Deriglazova--Shanaeva, then about the coming battle for the gold.
It would be logical to show.
But instead, the basketball - United States-Australia.
By the way, I have nothing bad to say about this decision.
The Australians were equal, the first half has won.
Put in place ofigevshy from his own greatness of Americans.
The result is still lost, but as they say, the basketball Olympic tournament will never be the same.
It's all good, but nearing the fight with Di Franciscoi on the screen without change.
Panic starts flipping channels.
The feeling, the second time in a row twist.
Well, let's go deeper on the cable.
None of the thematic "Matches" fencing no.
But, I feel that the battle is about to begin.
Text and tweet-broadcast of some sports websites I was not satisfied.
Convulsive surfing gives an unexpected but brilliant result.
On the site "First", it turns out, is a technical video stream of all events that take place in this time.
Click on fencing, get the fight for the gold.
Deriglazova great counterattacks, goes ahead on points - and obviously starting to waste time.
Italian plays almost the entire margin.
Our one point ahead, to the end of a little more than two seconds.
Di Francisc rushes to Deriglazova, the retreats, time is running out, the Italian gets in a shot.
Victory!
After a couple of seconds Olympic messenger on phone reports fourth gold medal.
Turns out I was the first who saw it with their own eyes.
Crazy, loyal, involved.
The spiritual administration of Muslims (DUM) of the Republic of Tatarstan refuses to use the Russian language in the mosques.
Yesterday Plenum of the DUM ordered their imams to lead the Friday sermon is only Tatar to get young Tatars "to learn their native language".
In the management state that "it is in any case does not infringe the" rights of Muslims of other nationalities.
In some mosques of Kazan have complained that Tatar language is not understood to 60% of the parishioners, among them foreign students, migrants and the Tatars themselves.
Imams fear that their preaching in Tatar "reach the audience".
Yesterday Plenum of the DUM of Tatarstan unanimously adopted a decision to hold Friday sermons in the mosques of the Republic in the Tatar language.
As stated by the mufti of Tatarstan Kamil Samigullin, this should be an incentive to young Tatars "to learn their native language".
"For those who say that "hard", each of the great mosque, we intend to organize the lessons of the Tatar language completely for free," promised Mr. Samigullin.
He added that "the decision has been in force" today, in all mosques preaching "should already be in the Tatar language".
He recalled that the DUM of Tatarstan publishes the journal "Shura" with the model sermons in Tatar language.
The Imam who does not adequately speak Tartar, "maybe for him, well prepared".
DUM of Tatarstan unites more than a thousand parishes in all the municipalities of the Republic.
According to the mufti, in areas of the Friday sermons are conducted exclusively in the Tatar language.
At the same time in Kazan in the number of mosques has previously been used mostly Russian language.
In particular, as indicated by the mufti, it was practiced in Burnaevskaya of the mosque Zakabannaya and "Anilar".
However, said Mr Mukhametshin, the user sets the task to all the students possessed in both official languages of the Republic, regardless of nationality.
"About any infringement of the Muslims Netter cannot be and speeches," said Mr. Council Chairman, explaining that the sermon itself "is not mandatory, the main part of the Salat".
In this case, the namaz will still be read in Arabic, the mosques will remain lectures and lessons in the Russian language.
At the same time Rafik Mukhametshin told "Kommersant" that a serious threat of eviction of the Tatar language from the mosques was not.
Except Russian and Tatar other languages such as Uzbek or Tajik, according to him, in the sermons in the Republic are not used.
The decision of DOOM was actively supported by the Executive Committee of world Congress of Tatars (VKT).
The head of the Executive Committee of the CGT Rinat Zakirov told "Kommersant": "the Mosque is an important part of our national life."
It would be sad if this area left the Tatar language.
He noted that the conduct sermons only in the Tatar language, "the desire of imams," but in the Executive Committee VKT "I think this is right."
Interviewed by "Kommersant" the imams who were preaching in Russian, is ready to execute the decision of DOOM, however, I believe that the congregation will have difficulty understanding the clergy.
Go to the mosque and Tatars, and Russian.
Many do not understand the language.
They, of course, might be tight.
"Will have to be reconstructed," - said the Imam of the mosque Burnaevskaya Farhat Mavletdinov.
According to him, preaching in the Russian language even closer to many Tatars as "Russian in schools and kindergartens, on the radio everywhere at the beginning."
However, he believes that the mosque will be able to continue lessons and lectures in the Russian language, which are held on other days.
We rely on Allah.
Allah will show a way out of this situation," he concluded.
But about 60% of us do not know the Tatar language.
It is Uzbeks and Tajiks and Azerbaijanis.
A lot of us go to foreign students: Africans, Arabs.
"So we four year switched to Russian language," - says the Imam.
He believes that in the Tatar language of the sermon will be "to reach a more narrow range and will not reach the whole audience."
But we will abide by the decision of the plenary.
Simply the result of the sermons will be different.
But time will tell.
"For example, I only will be easier, because Tatar is my native language", - concluded the Gabdulla Galiullin.
The former Director of the Federal penitentiary service has put on trial
The Moscow Prosecutor's office approved the indictment in the investigated GSU SKR criminal case on embezzlement of budget funds allocated for the needs of the FSIN of Russia.
Appear before the court, the former head of the prison service, Alexander Reimer and his Deputy, the FPS caused damage amounting to more than 2.7 billion rubles.
The Moscow Prosecutor's office sent in the Zamoskvoretsky district court a criminal case against the former Director of the Federal penitentiary service of Russia Alexander Reimer, and his former Deputy Nikolai Krivolapov, as well as Director of FSUE "Center for information technology services and communications, Federal service of execution of punishments" (FSUE CITOS) Victor Opredelena.
Depending on the role and degree of participation in the crimes they are accused of GSU SKR across Moscow under part 3 of article 285 of the criminal code (abuse of official powers that caused grave consequences), part 4 of article 159 of the criminal code (fraud committed using his official position, organized group, in especially large size).
In addition, Krivolapov was charged under part 1 of article 222 (illegal acquisition and storage of ammunition).
According to the TFR, in 2010-2012, these persons fraudulently stole from the state Treasury budget funds, allocated of the Federal penitentiary service to ensure that Agency systems of electronic monitoring of controlled individuals, so-called electronic bracelets.
For embezzlement of budget money, the members of the group have developed a scheme according to which they control the enterprise CITOS, which were signed government contracts, made technical controls and oversight, including "electronic bracelets", and sold at prices inflated several times.
Despite the fact that the Federal state unitary enterprise CITOS had no production equipment, buildings and structures for the placement of production facilities, allowing you to create a complete production cycle "electronic bracelets", between it and the Federal penitentiary service of Russia was signed five contracts worth more than 3.3 billion rubles.
As a result of this scheme in the accounts of the Samara branch of FGUP was more than 2 billion rubles, of which 1.2 billion rubles were stolen.
As believes a consequence, more than 140 million rubles cashed money received personally by Mr. Raymer in his office from one of the partners, the criminal case concerning which is allocated in separate manufacture.
Nicholas Krivolapov involved in the fraud have been found of unknown origin the premium ammunition to the gun, which allowed him to produce additional charges.
In this case, the volume of which amounted to 133 volumes, FSIN for the accused filed a lawsuit on compensation of material damage in the amount of 2.7 billion rubles.
Footballer Hakan Sakura suspected of involvement in the coup.
The Turkish authorities have issued a warrant for the arrest of former football player and then a member of Parliament Hakan Sakura and carried out searches in two houses his family.
The star of Turkish football 1990s- early 2000s striker Hakan shukyur wanted by authorities in connection with the coup attempt that occurred last month.
The forward, who graduated from a career in 2008, is accused of belonging to "an armed terrorist group".
We are talking about the Hizmet movement - the society associated with well-known Turkish religious leader and opposition leader Fethullah gülen.
It is the President Erdogan said the organizer of the military coup that occurred on July 15.
Fethullah Gulen lives in the USA, the Turkish authorities demanding his extradition.
According to local media, today a warrant was issued for the arrest of Hakan Sukura, police have carried out searches in two houses which belong to the family of a former football player.
According to investigators, the organization of Fethullah gülen in addition to the Hakan Sakura included his father.
However, neither the former football player, nor his family was not there.
Now he and his family live in the United States.
As a player Hakan shukyur defended the colors of several Turkish clubs and played for the national team.
For most of his career he spent with Galatasaray.
In the list of foreign clubs including the Italian "Torino", "inter" and "Palermo" and English "Blackburn".
However, none of them spent more than one season.
Hakan shukyur is still the highest scoring striker of the national team of Turkey: he has 112 appearances for the national team and scored 51 goal.
In 2013, Hakan shukyur resigned from his parliamentary post due to the outbreak of corruption investigations around the party of Erdogan and his inner circle.
According to the Turkish newspaper Hurriyet, July 25, in Turkey, was issued a warrant for the arrest of at least 42 journalists.
They are accused of promoting a military coup and relations with the opposition Islamic preacher Fethullah gülen living in the United States.
Given the gravity of the charges, members of the media can expect lengthy prison sentences from ten years to several life sentences.
Yegor Konchalovsky wants to create a network of cinemas only for domestic films.
"I would create a network of cinemas exclusively for Russian cinema, tickets for which cost 2-3 times less than movies of foreign production", - he said.
Mr. Konchalovsky notes that Russian films are hard to compete for viewers with the major Hollywood films.
In our country per year is more than 100 paintings, of which screens to comes to an average of 20-25 tapes.
"And even it is very difficult to compete with "Transformers" and "Iron man", the promotion which pumped huge budgets," the filmmaker said.
Recall, July 1 in the Crimea, started the all-Russian educational youth forum "Tavrida".
Among the participants - teachers, creative professionals and young professionals of various creative and humanitarian areas from all over Russia and countries near and far abroad.
The Brits won Olympic gold in rowing in twos
The Brits Helen Glover and Heather Stanning won Olympic gold in rowing in twos.
Silver took novozelandki Rebecca Scone and Genevieve Beren, third place went to Anne Andersen and Hedvig Rasmussen from Denmark.
Y-news - New General contractor promises to deliver "Zenit-Arena" on 26 December.
A new contractor under construction in St. Petersburg stadium, which should host matches of the confederations Cup 2017 and world Cup 2018, the company "Metrostroy" promises to deliver the arena by 26 December, reports "RIA Novosti" with reference to head of temporary Commission of the Federation Council on preparation for the world football championship-2018 Vadim Tyulpanov.
"Today we together with the Minister of sports of Russia Vitaly Mutko visited the construction site, the General Director of "Metrostroy" Vadim Alexandrov.
He said he will hand over the stadium on 26 December.
This is a serious St. Petersburg company, it never violates the terms.
We with Vitaly Mutko pleased with what he saw and heard,"", - quotes Agency the source.
Earlier Vitaly Mutko arrived in Saint Petersburg for inspection to the venue of the upcoming large-scale events.
Also, Mr. Tulip said that his Federation Council Commission will continue to monitor the progress of construction of stadium and will regularly visit the construction site.
We will remind, yesterday it became known that the company "Mosmetrostroy" completes the construction "Zenit-Arena", the contract value will amount to approximately 5.4 billion RUB., the company also won the bid for landscaping around the stadium, the contract value of 2.4 billion rubles Contracts with JSC "Corporation Transstroy", JSC "Engineering Corporation "Transstroy-SPb"" and JSC "Engineering Corporation "Transstroy"" was terminated.
Another two companies were not allowed to fight for the construction of the stadium.
Read more about choosing a new contractor, read the material "Kommersant" "Metrostroy allowed on the field."
In Miass (Chelyabinsk oblast) detained a lawyer of the former Vice-Governor Nikolai Sandakov Constantine Akulich.
According to "Kommersant-South Ural" the other lawyer accused Sergey Kolosovsky, Constantine Akulich today was summoned to the investigative Department of the TFR in Miass for arraignment on the case a year ago about the battering.
Then Constantine Akulich went to the scene of an accident lawyer to help one of their own.
"Initially it was filed against unidentified persons. Now, when he began to defend Nikolai Sandakov, it turned out that it was Akulich", - says Sergey Kolosovsky.
Constantine Akulich, became a lawyer of ex-Deputy Governor in early August.
At the same time for half an hour before calling a lawyer in the TFR of Miass the defense has been notified that on Monday the deadline for familiarization with materials of case of fraud in which the accused Nikolai Sandakov.
We will remind, against Nikolai Sandakov two criminal cases.
In the first (fraud case) he is charged with a promise of 1.5 million rubles. to encourage the appointment to the post of the mayor of Magnitogorsk head of administration of Ozersk Evgenia Tarasova.
The second criminal case concerns bribes that Nikolay Sandakov allegedly received from Director chop "Python" Igor Kalugin of unlawful uncompensated services of property nature in the amount of not less than 1.3 million rubles.
Read more about the case of Mr. Sandakov read in the material "Kommersant" "the Former Vice-Governor requires consolidation of their cases".
Russian copper company (RMK) is ready to take social responsibility and pay more attention to the environmental aspects of their business.
This is confirmed, for example, the fact that RMK undertook the modernization of one of the oldest and most ecologically "dirty" companies in the country - Karabash copper-smelting plant.
The Karabash copper smelter was founded by the English joint-stock company, headed by Leslie Urquart in 1910.
In Soviet times it was significant to the economy of the industrial enterprise, and it is actually ensure the functioning of the whole city.
However, in the 1990-ies due to financial problems, the production was stopped, which resulted in serious social problems in Karabash.
In 1998 the decision was made to resume Karabash copper-smelting plant.
It was also necessary to solve one of the main problems Karabash plant - environmental.
By the early 2000s, Karabash was already notorious as an ecological disaster zone.
The situation on "Karabashmed" began to change in 2004, after the company came under the management of Russian copper company.
The company started to modernize production, which gradually began to reduce the environmental burden on the environment.
It recently said the Governor of Chelyabinsk region Boris Dubrovskiy visited the first of July "Karabashmed".
The head of the southern Urals called big change that occurred with the company since then as "Karabashmed" has moved to the group RMK.
The main event for modernization "Karabashmed" in recent years was the construction of a new sulfuric acid plant, allowing you to capture up to 99.9% of metallurgical gases.
According to the President of Russian copper company Vsevolod Levin, the volume of investments in this project amounted to 7 billion rubles.
The next stage of modernization "Karabashmed" - the reconstruction of the Converter redistribution.
Replacement of the three converters, kapelnikov, flue tract is scheduled for the end of 2017.
The cost of the project - 2.5 billion rubles.
In addition, at the end of 2016 it is planned to launch a new industrial wastewater treatment plant worth 1 billion rubles.
In turn will grow and the amount of taxes deducted to the budget of the city of Karabash.
For the entire duration of the project Tominsk GOK - with the start of construction and prior to commissioning of the second phase of the Federal Treasury will receive 8.9 billion RUB.
And once the Mining operation in the receipt of taxes in budgets of all levels can be 80,9 billion rubles.
For the year of production in the Varna district in the budgets of different levels are listed 346,3 million rubles.
And it is for the first year.
"The more successful the company, the amount of deductions can be more", - said Valery Ulanovskaya.
RMK said that in 2015 tax deductions on Mikheevskogo GOK has close to 1 billion rubles.
However, the participation of RMK in the life and development of territories of their presence is not limited to tax deductions.
RMK enterprises help to repair and maintain schools, kindergartens, sports facilities, to build a cultural and entertainment facilities, to arrange territory.
In 2016 one of the largest social projects of Russian copper company in Karabash was repaired, and in fact - almost a complete overhaul of the kindergarten N9 95 pupils.
The building, built in 1960, was in a critical condition.
Also on the territory of "RMK Arena" will house a landscaped Park with an artificial pond and underground and surface Parking for 600 car spaces, cafes and sports shops.
"RMK arena" will allow for spectacular professional sporting events of international level.
But the main goal of this project is to make physical education and sports in a comfortable environment available to the residents of Chelyabinsk, primarily for children.
Place in the front row at the stunning architecture of the Central Library of Los Angeles
Find out more about the history of the Central library in the business district, while the Society of architectural Historians / branch in southern California holds an art exhibition with Arnold Schwartzman and Steven Gee, the authors of the new book "Central Library of Los Angeles: the History of its art and architecture."
GI and Schwartzman are going to discuss and share images of design 1926 Bertram Goodhue, as well as restoration and additions from 1993 hardy Holzman Pfeiffer Associates.
The area is open from 2 days to 4 days on 21 August in the Salle Moderne built in the Art Deco southwestern Law School (formerly Bullocks Wilshire), 3050 Wilshire Blvd.
Participants can stroll through the Central hall, the rooms for certain periods, the Cactus lounge and the Tea room.
Advance booking of tickets; members of SAH/SCC of $ 15; non-members - a $25.
An open, industrial loft in DTLA gets a cozy new look
To celebrate the 90th birthday of the Central library of Los Angeles with — what else? — a new book
The staff of the centre for refugees in the Sandholm in Denmark suspected that residents of the teenagers engaged in prostitution.
On Thursday, August 11, The Local reports.
According to him, some teenagers told the staff that "someone in Copenhagen organizes prostitution".
As the newspaper notes, the doubts of the employees of the shelter emerged after Swedish newspaper Sydsvenkan told similar stories in malmö.
In 2015, the European Union, the crisis erupted because of the influx of refugees from Africa and the Middle East.
Denmark has placed on its territory more than 20 thousand of them.
Off the coast of Cape cod (USA) a fisherman caught a rare blue lobster.
The man found among the other crustaceans caught in his underwater trap, according to ABC News.
American plans to transfer him to the local aquarium.
The lobster weighs about a kilogram.
It is noted that Wayne Nickerson (Nickerson Wayne) is engaged in catching lobsters last 35 years.
According to his wife, for the first time in his career the man caught a blue lobster in 1990.
According to ABC News, a crustacean acquires a blue or blue color as a result of genetic modifications.
In April 2016, it became known that fishermen caught off the coast of Japan a rare instance of deep water shark Megachasma pelagios (largemouth shark).
The five-meter animal weighs about a ton.
The military of the black sea fleet conducted testing of action against underwater threats and sabotage in defense of the Black sea.
About it RIA Novosti said the representative of the press service of the defense Ministry for the Navy Igor Dygalo.
Training was conducted in the first phase of the exercise at special security forces of the Navy.
"The soldiers against underwater threats and sabotage units worked against underwater threats and sabotage the defense of the basing of naval forces on the coast and adjacent marine waters of the Black sea," - said Dygalo.
The exercise involved about 400 personnel, more than 10 pieces of military equipment, including helicopters Mi-8 and Ka-27 anti-sabotage boats "Rook" and patrol speedboats "Raptor".
During the maneuver forces brandwagen ships using sonar means found conventional subversive groups and repelled the attack of the "underwater spies" from the sea to the point of basing of the BSF forces.
Helicopter Ka-27 landed airborne assault group, which blocked and killed the saboteurs of the enemy.
Then the sea came the minesweepers of the black sea fleet to search for min.
Dygalo said that "the exercises of the black sea fleet will be conducted in accordance with the plan of preparation and holding the forthcoming command-staff exercises "Caucasus-2016" and the training plan of the Navy".
From 18 to 30 July, Ukraine and the United States held joint military exercises of the fleets of the Sea Breeze 2016 in the Black sea.
Just the maneuvers involved about four thousand people from 16 countries.
In the marine component was involved in more than 25 ships, boats and support vessels of the United States, Turkey, Romania and Ukraine.
A court in Moscow has arrested the father for murder of daughter: Investigation and trial: law enforcement agencies: Lenta.ru
Ozersky city court of the Moscow region ordered the arrest of Roman Chernikov, confessed to murdering his six-year-old daughter.
On Thursday, August 11, as reported Agency city news "Moscow", said press Secretary of the court Nina Zhilkin.
"The court has satisfied the petition of investigating bodies about the election in respect of Chernikova measures of restraint in form of detention for two months," she said.
Chernikov will be under arrest until October 9.
11 Aug management SKR across Moscow region have informed that the adoptive parents and the grandmother of six-year-old girl confessed to her murder.
In particular, Roman Chernikov said that he had committed the murder of a child in one of the days April 2016 from personal aversions, at home in a state of alcoholic intoxication.
Then with the purpose of concealing the child's body he burned it and scattered the remains with his wife.
The evening of 9 August the interrogation the investigator foster parents reported that in April 2016 six-year-old child drowned in the bathtub.
For a long time they were able to hide from all the girl's disappearance, however, in August, knowing that soon it must come home the staff of the authorities, decided to tell everyone that the baby was gone.
The parents stated that on 6 August of the year of their adopted daughter, voluntarily left the territory of the site of the house where they lived the family, and disappeared.
Pope Francis at the Vatican shared a meal with refugees from Syria.
On Thursday, August 11, said the head of the print service of the Holy see Greg Burke, reports CTV News.
Migrants came at the invitation of the Pontiff with the Greek island of Lesbos.
Lunch was held in the Vatican Home Saint Martha, where are the private apartments of Francis.
It is noted that at a luncheon attended by two groups of Syrian refugees, which on April 16 called for in Greece the Pontiff.
Then on the way back to the Vatican he took on Board his plane 12 migrants, including six children.
In June came the second group of Syrians.
The care they took on the Holy see.
"Dad brought toys and gifts for children, they in return gave him their drawings And the children and adult could talk with the Pontiff about the first days of his life in Italy," said Burke.
During his April visit, the Pope called the immigration crisis that erupted in Europe in 2015, "the biggest disaster since the Second world war."
Greece is one of the countries through which Europe gets most migrants.
According to the Greek authorities, in 2015 a total of 800 thousand people moved from Turkey belonging to Greece Islands in the Aegean sea.
The Lesbos became a major transit point for refugees on the way to the EU.
Tube over a length of 40 kilometers was formed in Japan in the first day of the short summer holidays.
On Thursday, August 11, the information center of traffic of the country, reports RIA Novosti.
Thus, in the area of Tochigi Prefecture, the road traffic jam lasted for 43 kilometers, in Kanagawa Prefecture - 33 kilometers.
According to the Agency, train twice as crowded, tickets on domestic routes completely sold out.
From 11 August 2016, Japan has a mountain Day, the holiday is officially a day off.
After that, many Japanese people for a few days travel to their hometowns.
Short break the Japanese will last at least until Tuesday of next week, then the expected new peak of congestion.
In Japan it is considered bad manners to take a full vacation.
By law a subject put to rest 18 days in a year, but most of them are confined to a week.
Flagship boutique network shops luxury men's clothing and accessories Frame Moscow was opened after renovation with a completely revamped design and a range, said "the Tape.ru" the representative of the network.
The design of the space was used only natural materials - walnut, brass, granite and tinted glass in the tone of the wood, - said the representative Frame.
Multimedia showcase on the brink between tradition and advanced technologies.
In multibrand Frame Moscow presented Marol shirts, bags and briefcases Serapian designer jeans Jacob Cohen, cufflinks and bracelets Tateossian, jackets and Valentino shoes Barrett.
In addition, the network is the exclusive distributor of individual tailoring of men's suits Atelier Portofino in Russia and owns monobrand boutiques Barrett and Jacob Cohen.
French fashion house Louis Vuitton, on 17 September 2016 will open a new boutique in St. Petersburg.
It will replace the first store house, opened in this city in 2007.
The new boutique will be located on Nevsky Prospekt, said "the Tape.ru" the representative of the company.
We are pleased to announce the opening of a new store in St. Petersburg, - said the President of Louis Vuitton for Northern Europe, Middle East and Africa Alessandro Valenti.
Customers can personalize their purchase with the help of technology of hot stamping: in honor of the opening produced plates with a view of St. Petersburg, which complements the initials of the client.
At the end of the nineteenth century created Luggage for the Russian aristocracy - the Grand Duke Alexander Romanov, Princess troubetzkoy and the Imperial family.
Now produces clothing, shoes, accessories, jewelry, watches, and resumed the manufacture of perfumes.
The company is an international holding company LVMH.
The pensioner turned the ladder in the "budget of beach tower".
Netizens laughed at the photos where the older man set on the beach a stepladder and turned it into a springboard for jumping into the water.
The picture was posted on several entertainment portals, as well as in the group "My Taganrog" the social network "Vkontakte", which many have decided that the photograph was taken on the shore of the Azov sea.
In the comments, "innovation" christened "budget rig" and "mobile springboard".
Many praised the man for creativity and "smekalochku", and some drew attention to the fact that the man runs the serious risk of injury by jumping from his tower because he made her lack of depth.
However, one of komentarov portal Pikabu said that to judge the depth of the sea in the picture is impossible.
"First, we don't know what the depth of the beach can be bulk with a sharp descent to the meter directly for the ladder, and secondly, even if there's a meter of depth, with due skill can jump a couple of meters," wrote a user under the nickname C0JIbAMDJZ
This Italian newspaper Roma Today writes that the man with a ladder was seen on the beach near Rome.
Russian President Vladimir Putin expressed hope that Anton Vaino as the new head of the presidential administration will contribute to its constructive work.
As reported RIA Novosti, the corresponding statement the Russian leader made at the meeting with Vaino and his predecessor, Sergei Ivanov.
The Russian leader noted that the W. candidacy for the position of head of the presidential administration recommended that Ivanov himself.
Putin praised the latter for the work done.
August 12, Putin made Ivanov from the post of head of the presidential administration.
This post instead took Vaino.
The authorities of the French city of Cannes has been banned from the local beaches in a burqini - a special bathing suit for women, which completely covers the body from head to ankles.
On Friday, August 12, according to ABC News.
Mayor of Cannes David Lisner (David Lisnard) explained that such clothing "does not meet the rules of decency, to the principles of secularism and does not meet the standards of hygiene and safety."
Also, according to him, the clothes which emphasize religious affiliation, may cause violations of public order.
For wearing a burqini imposed a fine of 38 euros (about $ 42).
It is noted that the ban imposed on the background of the terrorist attacks that occurred July 15 in nice and 26 July in the Church of St. Etienne-du-Rouvray, in the North of the country.
After its introduction a few Muslim women went to court, claiming that the restrictions violate the right to freedom of religion.
Annunciation city court (Amur region) has sentenced the former head of the city Alexander Migulya to nine years in a General regime colony.
On Friday, August 12, reported on the website of the court.
Migulya was found guilty of committing crimes stipulated by articles 286 ("Excess of powers"), 285.1 ("misappropriation of budgetary funds") and 285 ("Abusing official powers") of the Criminal code of the Russian Federation.
The investigation established that the officer in December 2008 gave his friend land in the village of Mukhinka the established land legislation of procedure.
In 2006, he illegally issued a decree on acquisition of property of the city road bridge over the Chigiri river, at an inflated price without tender procedures and the conclusion of the municipal contract, specifies "Interfax".
In addition, in the period from 2007 to 2010 Migulya in the interests of its controlled commercial organization has changed the timing of payments under the contract for the sale of the lease of the land, which was granted for the construction of housing, and also freed the company from the rent.
As a result, the regional budget has received less more than 5 million rubles, and the city Treasury about 21 million rubles.
On 4 August it became known that the former mayor is in custody on suspicion of corruption, and claim parliamentary mandate, has not provided in time to the electoral Commission petitions for the elections to the state Duma and was withdrawn from the race.
Migulya was arrested in may of 2015 on the territory of the Lipetsk region and placed in jail.
Prior to that, he in 2011 was in the international wanted list.
Alexander Migulya held the position of mayor of Blagoveshchensk from November 2004 to April 2010.
In the Russian Ministry of foreign Affairs has denied the information about the release of captive by the Taliban the Russian helicopter pilot.
Information about the negotiations on Friday, August 12, in an interview with "Interfax" said the special representative of Russian President on Afghanistan, Director of Second Asia Department at the Russian foreign Ministry Zamir Kabulov.
This information could not be verified.
"The crew is still in captivity, negotiations," said Kabulov.
11 August, a source in diplomatic circles told the Agency that the prisoners released.
According to him, the former hostages were transported to Pakistan.
On 4 August, information appeared that took off from Peshawar, the Pakistani Mi-17 helicopter landed in Logar province in Eastern Afghanistan due to technical problems.
The builders of the Crimean bridge acquired the hymn "I score pile".
On the YouTube channel of the project "Crimean bridge" anime, "I score pile".
This is the song of the Builder of this structure - the hero says that the bridge will help "not to lose touch with a country".
The author, in particular, sings about how "scores pile".
The music video overlaid with the building of the Crimean bridge.
The song was written and performed by Konstantin Khomenko, a designer from the "Institute Giprostroymost - Saint-Petersburg" developed the construction project.
A professional musician he is not.
Ministry of interior of Thailand accused in the blasts in the resorts of the local saboteurs.
Bombings in the resorts of Thailand - "the acts of local sabotage" and in no way connected with the activities of international terrorists.
As reported Reuters, said the Thai police.
According to the detention order, has not succeeded yet to find out whether any of the explosions between them.
In the basic version, their organizers tried to disrupt the tourist season.
It is not excluded that explosions are separatist Muslims from the South of the country.
Law enforcement authorities have detained several people.
At the moment there are four known dead and several dozen wounded.
The country's Prime Minister prayut Chan-OCHA has ordered to take additional security measures to prevent further explosions and to correct a possible victim.
In the tourist resorts of Thailand on Friday, August 12, there was a series of explosions.
The devices were detonated at police stations on the island of Phuket, in the cities of Surat Thani (capital of the homonymous province, the territory of which is the island of Koh Samui), and Hua hin.
Another explosive device planted on the beach, it was neutralized by sappers.
The day before,August 11, in the resort town of Hua hin, two explosions occurred.
The bombs were in the pots from the plants and was powered with a call from a mobile phone.
Among the victims - 10 foreign tourists, Russians among them.
British jewelry house Graff has introduced a new watch model Watch The Peacock, made in the form of a peacock feather, reports Vogue.
The watch case is decorated with diamonds.
To do this, jewelers used not only the classic round stones and baguettes, and a trapezoidal diamonds are step cut and emerald.
This watch with quartz movement and blue arrows typical design Graff created in a single copy and presented in the Mercury boutique hotel Moscow Four Seasons.
The price the publication does not mention.
Graff - jewelry and watch house, founded in 1960 in London by Laurence Graff.
Makes jewelry with precious stones, mostly diamonds (including color) and watches (2008).
Four-time winner of the British Royal awards in the field of international trade (1977, 1994, 2006, 2014).
In the years Graff has acquired an extremely rare and valuable diamonds, particularly pink Empress Rose, Star of America, The Sarah and others.
New book by JK Rowling "Harry Potter and the cursed child" was the best selling in the UK, The Daily Mail reports.
The novel was ahead of the play "Romeo and Juliet" by William Shakespeare.
According to the publication, for the first week after the release of the eighth part of the Saga of wizard was sold 847,9 thousand copies.
The book "Harry Potter and the cursed child" brought of 8.76 million pounds.
Thus the tragedy of Shakespeare was in second place since 1998 and has sold almost 127,7 thousand books published by Penguin Classics.
The eighth part of the Saga of wizard from Hogwarts "Harry Potter and the cursed child" was released on July 31.
The play takes place 19 years later after the events described in the book "Harry Potter and the deathly Hallows".
On the same day in London on the stage of the Palace theater premiere of the play.
In Russia English version of the novel arrived on the shelves "Moscow house of books" - the only official seller of the novel - 5 Aug.
All copies were sold out in a day.
Russian new part of the Saga will be released before the end of 2016.
The owners of instant messengers and email services must identify users and remove prohibited information - that is a summary of the bill, developed Media-communication Union (MKS), representing the largest Russian mobile operators (is in "Vedomosti").
Employees of three companies - members of the Union confirmed that such a project is discussed.
In early autumn it needs to be presented to the working group headed by first Deputy Prime Minister Igor Shuvalov, says the interlocutor of "sheets" in the ISS.
We are talking about amendments to the laws on communication and on mass media.
They provide that any "organizer of information dissemination in the Internet, providing the opportunity for the exchange of electronic messages," is obliged to identify users based on information contained in the databases of operators, previously made treaties with them.
And "immediately block the message or post that contain information that is distributed with violation of requirements of the Russian legislation".
Otherwise, the operators may limit access to the service by the decision of Roskomnadzor.
Astronomers have discovered beyond Neptune, the mysterious space object.
Astronomers have discovered a mysterious space object beyond Neptune.
A celestial body is very dim, its diameter is about 200 kilometers, the newspaper writes New Scientist.
According to the researchers, the object is moving in a completely uncharacteristic of the Solar system orbit.
She is almost perpendicular with respect to the other planets.
A mysterious discovery has got the name Niku, which translated from Chinese means "rebel", "unconquered."
WSJ: the US is considering imposing sanctions against Russia due to hacking of the servers of the Democrats.
U.S. officials consider new sanctions against Russia in response to the hacking of the servers of the Democratic party, writes The Wall Street Journal, citing sources.
Reportedly, for the imposition of sanctions the administration of President Barack Obama will officially blame the attack on the servers in Russia or supported by the Russian authorities of hackers.
According to sources, the FBI and other us intelligence agencies are almost certain of Russian involvement in the cyber attack.
The WSJ notes that generally, States prefer not to specify the names of those who carry out hacking attacks.
An exception is made in 2014 hacking the database of Sony Pictures Entertainment, the responsibility for which was officially imposed on the DPRK.
But last year, Obama issued a decree simplifying the procedure for the imposition of sanctions against those who engage in or contributes to cyber attacks.
It was originally aimed against China, but can be used against other countries.
The decision-making process on sanctions can be lengthy, the newspaper writes.
Even if officials came to the conclusion that the hackers were supported by Russia, before the decision on the disclosure of information they will need to weigh the possible consequences.
They will determine how a serious incident in order for him to exacerbate tensions in bilateral relations.
Earlier it was reported that the Obama administration admits the possibility of applying sanctions against States, which the hackers hacked into the servers of DNC.
The website WikiLeaks published e-mails of the national Committee of the Democrats.
Media reported that hackers working with the Russian authorities, can be involved in the hacking.
In the Kremlin these messages was absurd.
FAS has fined Google nearly half a billion rubles
The reason was the violation of competition in the market of mobile applications.
The antitrust proceedings initiated by the "Yandex".
The Russian company claimed that Google gives manufacturers access to Android components on terms that forbade pre-application from other developers, in particular, "Yandex".
The FAS has confirmed these claims and found the company abused its dominant position in the market and imposed on manufacturers of mobile devices installation with Google Play other apps.
After the inspection, the Federal Antimonopoly service decided to punish Google, said Deputy head of FAS Alexei Dotsenko.
The fine must be paid within 60 days after the entry into force of the decree.
The FAS concluded that the law on protection of competition must comply with all companies, including multinationals.
In turn, Google are going to first study the decision and then determine further action to accept it or challenge it.
The Federal Antimonopoly service recognised the company as the infringer of the law on competition in September last year and ordered to adjust the contracts to 18 December.
However, Google have not given consent.
Since then, the company and the office are trial.
In the FAS noted that, despite the penalty, discussing with Google the possibility of concluding a settlement agreement.
This measure will not lead.
This view of "echo of Moscow" was expressed by a leading analyst of Mobile research group Eldar Murtazin.
Murtazin also said that the fine would have no impact neither on the user nor on the competitiveness of the Corporation.
Volzhanin rented an apartment and then robbed her 84 thousand rubles.
Stolen appliances 30-year-old robber managed to sell.
As told the correspondent "MK in Volgograd" in the press service of the regional GU MVD of Russia on the eve of the police Department of the Volga, a statement about the robbery turned resident of satellite town.
The man told police that an unknown person shot in his apartment.
When the owner went to check his home, they found it completely empty: no washing machine, no TV, no fridge, not the tenant.
The total damage amounted to 84 thousand rubles.
Soon the guards got on the trail of the thief.
They found 30-year-old unemployed Volga region.
The man was arrested, he confessed, saying that the stolen property had already sold.
Now he will have to answer for stealing to the fullest extent of the law in respect of the detainee opened a criminal case.
This year, Crimeans will receive a notification on payment of the transport tax.
Now the residents will have to pay tax on land, property and transport.
It on a press-conferences were declared by the head of the Federal tax service of Kazakhstan Roman Nozdrachev.
Until the end of 2016 Crimean car owners will receive a notification on payment of the transport tax.
While the tax counted about 250 thousand people owning vehicles.
Data on taxpayers will provide the traffic police, the Federal registration service.
"If as of the first of January we will be transferred to data on real estate owners and land owners, then next year the citizens of Crimea will be the payers of these taxes," said Roman Nozdrachev.
For privileged categories of citizens will be granted privileges for payment of property taxes, first of all, this category of pensioners.
Also, land tax there is a system of deductions preferential category of taxpayer, but, according to the head of the Federal tax service until 2017 to talk about it before.
The inhabitant of Balakhna interceded for the woman, after breaking his head with a brick to her abuser
According to investigators, the night June 16, 2016 in the garage area on Main street in Balakhna, the defendant saw as arguing roommates who have visited it before.
The man repeatedly insulted his civil wife, and then put a woman on the shoulder and carried home.
The attacker stood up for the woman and repeatedly struck the victim with a brick.
29-year-old man died on the spot.
The accused pleaded guilty in part.
At the moment (12 Aug 2016), this is all the information.
A terrible accident occurred yesterday evening in the area of the tract of Kizil-Tash the Crimean Peninsula.
As reported by "MK in Volgograd" in the press service of GU of EMERCOM of Russia in Volgograd region, 17.05 along the road P-29 "Sudak - Feodosia" riding the bus with the people in the cabin.
Suddenly the car veered into a ditch and fell off a cliff.
Victims of traffic accident were five people, another 20 were injured.
The victims from the crash on the machines of the ambulance were taken to medical institutions where doctors provide them with necessary assistance.
In that ill-fated flight was seriously injured four residents of the Volgograd region.
It's Yuri and Elena of Krivohizhina from Kotovo with 9-year-old grandson Tom, and 5-year-old Anastasia Bochkareva, which was taken to the regional hospital of the city of Simferopol - the girl is in serious condition.
When you call the ambulance, we hope that the brigade will arrive quickly and physicians will provide all necessary professional assistance.
When to call an ambulance, how quickly she should come to the patient?
In case of call the ambulance, in the emergency form, the call is routed to the nearest available field ambulance or specialized team.
The time of arrival of ambulance on an emergency call - up to 20 minutes.
The time of arrival of ambulance on emergency call - up to 2 hours.
The time of arrival of ambulance on the fact statement of death is not regulated.
OSCE observers did not record military activity on the border of Crimea.
Observers from the Organization for security and cooperation in Europe (OSCE) has not fixed military activity on the Russian-Ukrainian border.
This is stated in the statement published on the organization's website.
Observers report that the situation on the border of Crimea is calm, incidents that can be related to the security of Ukraine and Russia is not fixed.
"None of the observers could not confirm media reports that referred to safety issues, including fire and military actions in the immediate vicinity of the administrative border," - said the OSCE report.
The staff of the organization continue to monitor the situation at the three checkpoints on the border near the Ukrainian cities of Kalanchak and Chaplinka Peninsula Chongar in the Gulf of Sivash.
Informed in the state border service of Ukraine reported that on the border of the Crimea terminates rotation of Russian troops.
Thus, according to the Department, updated the personnel has more modern equipment.
Bulgaria shows inflation in the 1st time in 8 months
Inflation in Bulgaria was 1 percent monthly in July, as shown by national statistics.
This is the highest figure over the years (since June 2012) and first above zero since October last year, when it was shown a positive 0.2 percent.
Annual average inflation, measured by CPI, in the last 12 months (August 2015 - July 2016) compared to the previous 12 months (August 2014 - July 2015) was -0,8 %.
The consumer price index in July 2016 in comparison with June 2016 amounted to 101,0 %, i.e. the monthly inflation was 1.0 %.
The inflation rate since the beginning of the year (July 2016 compared with 2015) amounted to -0.2 %, and annual inflation in July 2016, compared with July 2015 amounted to -0.2 %.
In July 2016, in comparison with the previous month, increase was observed in the next groups of consumer goods: food and non-alcoholic beverages (1.7 percent); transport (1.8 percent); leisure and culture (6.3 percent); restaurants and hotels (1.2 percent); other goods and services (0.3 percent).
Prices declined for clothing and footwear (2.2 percent); furnishings, household equipment and maintenance (0.5 per cent); health (0.1 per cent).
Prices remained at the same level as in the previous month on alcoholic beverages and tobacco; housing, water, electricity, gas and other fuels; communication systems; and education.
The effect of "Anime" Snapchat criticized as a caricature of Asians
Snapchat claims that this filter is inspired by the anime, but some observers say he is racially insensitive.
Using the "Lens" Snapchat allows approximately 150 million users per day to change the reality and play with individuality in ways that border on the absurd.
You can turn yourself into a pineapple, a dog or a character match for the Roy Lichtenstein painting.
Lens is coarse, warp features tools that create more than 30 million adjusted selfie a day.
Any errors are rapidly becoming well known.
Lenses Snapchat has been criticized in the past when they were accused of that app advertised dark skin or encouraged white-washed faces as the ideal of beauty.
So when some users this week have offered a lens that has endowed them with squinting eyes, crooked teeth and chubby cheeks, some critics considered it racist caricature of Asians — "yellow-skinned".
And they wondered whether these repeated contradictions of a more serious problem of the company associated with diversity.
On Wednesday, we spread the message and followed the outrage in the reports on The Verge and a Motherboard, the next day after Snapchat said that it has removed this feature.
The company commented: the lens was designed as a homage to the anime characters, not as a caricature of Asians.
But experts who know about racism firsthand, lens recalled offensive stereotypes in action.
Others completely rejected the comparison with the anime.
Email grace Sparapani, Korean-American student of art, whose tweet about the photos actively shared, said that the lens was "offensive and least awkward".
She added that "it is hard to argue with a comparison side-by-side very rough caricatures of Asians and filter effects.
This shows that the filter is not just yellow-skinned, and highly derogatory yellow-skinned.
Snapchat is not the only company going through these cultural bridges.
American culture seems to be involved in an endless struggle for diversity and inclusion, ranging from corporate boardrooms to Hollywood and devices that we all carry about with us.
And a huge audience of young people to Snapchat - which are more racially diverse than the older generation - may mean that they are more likely to wait for understanding.
When one of the lenses Snapchat creates an image insulting to the user, then, said in an interview on Thursday, the 25-year-old Katie Zhu, "such a course of events is much more difficult to remain unnoticed, as it was before."
On Thursday, Zhu, product Manager and engineer that works on Medium, I decided to delete my account on Snapchat and encouraged others to do the same.
In an article for Medium, and in a telephone interview she said that she believes that racial differences are the reason for the lack of diversity in recruitment to Snapcat.
Zhu criticized the predominantly white leadership of the company, consisting only of men, and ended his article with the hashtag: #DeleteSnapchat.
Wrote Zhu, who herself is a Chinese American: "Either they have staff there were not enough non-white people who could make such decisions, or they are non-white people, but they do not occupy such positions, where one can safely and speak out."
Other browsers share her point of view, expressing dissatisfaction with the fact that Snapchat has not responded to most of her questions.
The company does not publish information on the representation of national minorities in his state, emphasizing its status as a private company.
On Thursday, Snapchat declined to discuss the racial origins of their personnel, but according to the Trustee, the company recently hired a recruiter with the goal of focusing on underrepresented segments of the population and active efforts to involve internal resources.
From their side, Zhu said she would retain your account in Snapchat closed, adding: "I wonder whether they really are more of such users as we are, so they say that it won't work."
The military leadership had distorted intelligence about ISIL, according to the congressional Committee
Officials from the Central command of the armed forces of the United States has changed the intelligence reports to present a more optimistic picture of the war against the Islamic state in Iraq and Syria than give rise developments on the ground, said the congressional report released Thursday.
Interim report of the operational group, established by the national chairmen of the house Committee on armed services, the Committee on intelligence and the Subcommittee on military appropriations, found "widespread dissatisfaction" among analysts of the intelligence service of the Central command, who argue that managers have altered their assessment of American actions aimed at defeating the Islamic state.
Central command known as CENTCOM, is the main military office in Tampa, Florida, which oversees American military operations in the middle East and Central Asia.
"Intelligence documents approved by the high command CENTCOM usually gave a more optimistic picture of anti-terrorism actions of the United States, what is confirmed by real data from the event, and were consistently more optimistic than the analysis provided by other intelligence agencies," — said in a news release on record.
"What happened in CENTCOM, unacceptable: when senior management is unreliable, the analysis affects our military", — said a member of the house of representatives Ken Calvert, a Republican from California.
Problems with the leadership in CENTCOM reach the very top of the organization.
In page report detail the flaws, constantly occurring in 2014 and 2015 in the description and analysis of American actions aimed at the training of Iraq's armed forces provided to Central command.
Although it does not contain definitive evidence that the members of the leadership of the Obama administration ordered to falsify reports, he argues that analysts felt that the management CENTCOM forcing them to present a more optimistic view of the threat posed by the Islamic state, also known as ISIS or ISIL.
"During the first half of 2015 many press releases, statements and testimony of the Central command in Congress were considerably more optimistic than actual events", — reported in the report.
For example, the official CENTCOM publicly stated that a major military attack on the return of Mosul could begin in April or may 2015.
Mosul, the second largest city of Iraq, remains under the control of the Islamic state.
"After months of investigation, it's something we know for sure," said the statement, a member of the house of representatives Mike Pompeo, a Republican from Kansas.
From mid-2014 to mid-2015, the top leadership of the intelligence services of the U.S. Central command forged razvedochny command to downplay the threat posed by ISIS in Iraq.
The Republicans created a task force, when he learned that analysts have expressed concern that intelligence on the Islamic State were subjected to falsification.
As you move the investigation, with the report published on Thursday, followed by more detailed data.
Additional, not finished at the moment, the investigation of intelligence CENTCOM held by the chief inspector of the Ministry of defence.
The democratic party in the Committee on intelligence of the house of representatives of the Congress of the USA published on Thursday their own data that are consistent with some of the conclusions of the Republican task force.
"Between 2014 and 2015 CENTCOM has created an over-closed procedure the production of intelligence estimates about ISIS and the security forces of Iraq," — says the statement of the member of the house of representatives Adam B. Schiff, chief representative of the democratic party in the Committee.
This procedure, according to Schiff, "stalled the release of intelligence documents," caused damage to the morale of the analysts and "does not sufficiently reflect divergent views."
But Schiff and the Democrats claim they have not found evidence that the White house tried to force analysts CENTCOM to customize their detention "or given a political interpretation."
Preliminary results of the investigation of the Congress was presented on Tuesday a portal The Daily Beast.
Last August, the newspaper the New York Times reported on the existence of investigation of the inspector General of the Pentagon open after complaints analysts CENTCOM.
Lieutenant commander Patrick Evans, a Pentagon spokesman, said in a statement that the Ministry of defence would not comment on the report of the Congress, while the investigation of the chief inspector.
But he said that "experts sometimes disagree in the interpretation of complex data, and security services and the Ministry of defence welcomed a healthy dialogue on these vital topics relating to national security."
The consequences of the investigation beyond the question of whether the objectives of the ongoing American bombing in Iraq and Syria (as of now approves more and more representatives of the Ministry of defence).
But last year's statement cast doubt on whether the President Obama to rely on the fact that Central command provides a truthful assessment of military operations in Iraq, Afghanistan, Libya and other crisis points.
The criticism of intelligence on the Islamic state is repeating the controversy that took place more than a decade ago, when the analyst intelligence CENTCOM Gregory hooker wrote a research article in which it was asserted that the administration of President George Walker Bush because of the protests of many analysts expressed support for a small number of troops in Iraq and didn't think about what would follow the invasion of 2003.
Hooker also played a key role in the protest, based on intelligence on the Islamic state.
Last year, according to officials, the team hooker came to the conclusion that despite public statements to the contrary, the air strikes on the refinery plants owned by the Islamic state, did not lead to significant deterioration of the financial situation of the terrorist groups, because she built a temporary oil refineries to sell oil on the black market.
But the discovery was not distributed outside of the Central command, as reported in September, the Times newspaper.
Then CENTCOM commander, General Lloyd J. Austin III, was criticized last year after testimony in the Senate, which many MPs considered a somewhat optimistic assessment of the war.
General Austin resigned in April and was replaced at Central Command Gen. Joseph L. Votel.
USA wins 4 times in a row in the women's field hockey, thus approaching decisive battle with Britain
When scoring three goals in the match, which ended with victory over Japan 6-1, Katie BEM opened the scoring in Thursday's first two goals for team USA in women's hockey, when the Americans defeated team India 3-0.
Five goals in two games should be a memorable achievement, but BEM, where for 27 years, said that she was not sure would she something like that.
"Don't know", she said.
I'm actually not one of those people who track their goals.
That's what she knows: the expense of the Americans 4-0 in the Olympic tournament, and they compete for first place in their group with Britain, which remains undefeated after losing to Japan 2-0 on Thursday.
Team Britain and the United States will meet on Saturday in the last game of the first round.
Both teams vying for a quarterfinal, and the result of the game will determine who takes the first place in their group of six teams, and who - the second.
The winner will avoid meeting a strong team from the Netherlands, leaders of another group, a little later, when the game begins the quarterfinals.
But Saturday's game shows that the Americans here a noise its unexpected series, four years after they took the last place among 12 teams at the London games.
BAM was in the team.
She grew up in Blue Bell, Pennsylvania, first took a Golf club for field hockey when she was 3 (her older twin sisters played the sport at Drexel), and joined the national team at the age of 16, becoming the youngest player in history.
She missed the 2008 Olympics when she made the cut in the final composition.
Then came 2012, when everything went wrong and she and her teammates.
The following year, COAG Parnham, an Englishman, was appointed coach, and things began to change.
"Cultural change, psychological change, change in physical training," said BEM.
In London we had no such performance, which is now.
We have completely changed their views.
On Thursday evening, BEM opened the scoring in the first half of the game throw with awkward hands at short range.
India approached the game without a single victory in the tournament, but the team has shown itself to be surprisingly tough and kept the score 1-0 till the end of the third period when BEM took the initiative in their own hands.
She made a long passage with the ball down the left side of the field, then the spiral went into the middle and abruptly sent the ball into the goal, thus giving to the Americans advantage to 2-0.
Melissa Gonzalez added the final goal midway through the fourth period.
The victory of the "dry" was the first in the tournament for the USA Keeper Jackie Briggs, who conceded one goal in each of its first three victories.
She's on the ball.
As BEM.
"We are in a good position right now," said Parnham, but whether it is good depends on the outcome of Saturday's game.
In the midst of the frenzy of the Olympic games - Zen jumping on the trampoline
Wherever you are, whatever time it is, it's the Olympics.
Events in Rio de Janeiro seem to be constant and inevitable, it's a fantastic combination of competition and aspirations.
As if the Olympic flame is the burning torch that passes from the Archer to the swimmer, the gymnast, Ironman triathlete.
You can't turn on the television, read the newspaper, or to overhear the conversation of your neighbors turns into a cafe and not hear about Simone Bilz, Katie Ledecky or about the feud between Michael Phelps and Chad de Clos.
And then there are Logan Dooley.
Dooley, for his first appearance in the Olympic games, handsome with dimples, could be among those celebrities, which are shown in Prime time, which promote sponsors and life-affirming commercials, if he was a swimmer, a gymnast or even a swordsman.
But the 28-year-old Dooley of lake forest in California fighting for the gold in the Olympic jumping contest on the trampoline.
The Olympic flame lights all the events the same way.
Farther from the center, partially in the shade, there are those sports that are not recognized: air gun, archery, badminton, Taekwondo.
Brass will always be with us, long may he reign.
But if I'm allowed to timidly speak out in defense of his personal preferences, may I draw your attention to the discreet charm of the trampoline.
Although trampolining is an Olympic sport since 2000, when they debuted at the games in Sydney, over the past 16 years they have received so little recognition that many interviewed people were not aware that they generally are Olympic sports.
This may be a regional ignorance.
Though the United States and has sent athletes to the competition, they've never won a medal in trampoline gymnastics, and their athletes did not go to the finals until 2012.
The Chinese and the Russians, as a rule, is divided between the men's award, and the Chinese Canadians - women's.
Dong Dong from China and Rosie MacLennan from Canada will defend its gold medal in London this year.
But jumping on a trampoline have the charm of the outsider, in part because to the unenlightened ear rather associated with circus College than with the Olympic games.
I must admit that I'm no expert, but just a down to earth enthusiast.
They do have comic potential is a caricature flashing endless jumping — but also the grace of gymnastics and diving, two sports that they basically combine.
The word "trampoline" comes from the Spanish word "el trampolín", meaning "springboard for jumping into the water."
Contenders jumping on a giant trampoline, flying up into the air nearly 30 feet, and must perform a series of acrobatic stunts (twists, bends and flips) to a final landing on his feet.
They are evaluated in execution, difficulty and "flight time", according to the official program of the Olympic games.
Thirty-two athletes from 17 countries, 16 men and 16 women will compete in Rio.
The most common Olympic course — forward.
Candidates for the medal must go further, faster, higher and higher in pursuit of gold, sometimes to finish, sometimes back and forth, back and forth across the field.
They tend not only to the finish line or the starting wall, but also, in full view of television cameras, another tantalizing line: a world or Olympic record.
This relentless pursuit is noble, admirable, even fanatically — and its enough to make cry even the viewer.
But it is, in my opinion, quite boring when watching Games.
From him jumping on the trampoline give respite.
Direction batutist — up.
Moving forward is not the goal.
He or she jumps up, seems weightless, like an astronaut, flying up then down, and then effortlessly back up.
And, of course, is not without competition or difficulties, but for the whole program no mad zeal to finish, no jumping and only marvelous, graceful disappearance of time and gravity.
It is the closest to Zen an Olympic sport.
Women's qualifiers and then the finals will be held on Friday afternoon, broadcast at one o'clock Eastern time; the male - on Saturday, also per hour.
NBC will broadcast the final within the day program starting from 14:00 on both days.
In the midst of Olympic madness is quite, beautiful moment that can easily be overlooked in the General dump.
And if the growth of consciousness can only be achieved by exposing male athletes coveted the looks and objectification as, according to the Wall Street Journal, recently suggested men gymnasts from the United States, Dooley is just waiting for his new adoring crowds of fans.
"The protest generation" in Ethiopia, a longtime US ally
Violent protests in Ethiopia
The demonstrators are demanding political change in Ethiopia, faced fierce opposition from the government.
Eyewitnesses say that dozens of protesters were fatally wounded during clashes with the police.
Whether Ethiopia is on the verge of a split?
Over the last decade, she was one of the most stable countries in Africa, a strong ally of the West with a rapidly developing economy.
But in recent months anti-government protests shook the country, spreading to more of its territories.
Only last week thousands of people took to the streets, demanding radical political change.
According to human rights defenders the government's response was brutal.
Eyewitnesses claimed that police officers shot and killed dozens of unarmed demonstrators.
Videos from the places of protests, presumably taken at the end of last or beginning of this year, show how security officers beat young people with sticks when the set hands to the wall.
The highest official of the United Nations human rights now calls for a thorough investigation.
"It was always difficult to keep this country from collapse, and it will be even harder," said Rashid Abdi, the head of the project "horn of Africa" in international crisis research group.
Ethiopia is the second populous country in Africa after Nigeria, and its stability is supported by the West.
American military and intelligence personnel cooperate closely with Ethiopia to fight the terrorist threats in the region, especially in Somalia, and virtually no country in Africa do not receive such support from the West.
Ethiopia's economy is developing with impressive speed.
Its infrastructure has improved significantly — there is even a new commuter train in the capital, Addis Ababa.
And its streets are usually quiet, safe and clean.
Ethiopia, however, was hardly a model of democracy — organization for human rights, reference is made to the government repression of the opposition in the state are suppressed, due to the fact that the dissidents are actually silenced.
Many of them were exiled, imprisoned, killed or exiled to remote deserts.
But that may change.
"If people continually suppress and not give them other options but to protest, the rise of the rebellion" — said Seyoum Teshome, lecturer at University of Central Ethiopia.
All the young people protesting.
Generation of protests.
Complaints are numerous, ranging from land use, ending with the seizure of power by the coalition government.
After widely criticized elections last year the government party and its allies completely pushed the opposition and now control 100 percent of the Parliament.
At the same time, tension along the border with Eritrea is growing; the struggle for this is uncertain, disputed border claimed hundreds of lives in June.
Analysts fear that the separatist groups that were more or less destroyed in recent years, such as the Oromo liberation Front or the Ogaden national liberation Front, may try to use the excitement and rearm.
A number of factors explain why bitter feelings, a few years of boiling in the depths of the soul, is breaking out now.
The first, seemingly harmless phones.
Only in the last couple of years a large number of Ethiopians were able to communicate in social networks, as cheap smartphones become commonplace, and the Internet service was better.
Even when the government blocks access to Facebook and Twitter, as it often happens, especially during protests, many people still find the ability to communicate via proxy servers that hide where they are.
Some young Ethiopians said that they organized themselves for protests.
Second, that there is more solidarity between the Oromo and Amhara, the two largest Ethiopian ethnic groups.
Oromo and Amhara is not natural allies.
For centuries, the Amhara from the predominantly Christian highlands of Ethiopia flourished in politics and business, exploiting the Oromo, many of whom are Muslims and live in low-lying areas.
But it is also changing.
"We will work together under one umbrella," said Mulatu Gemechu, leader of the Oromo.
The largest protests were held in areas Amhara and Oromo.
Many of Amhara and Oromo feel that Ethiopia is unfairly dominated by members of the Tigray ethnic group, which makes up about 6 percent of the population and which controls the military and intelligence services trade and policy.
The third cause of unrest is the loss of Meles Zenawi.
Meles, a former rebel leader, acting Prime Minister of Ethiopia for 17 years until his death from an unknown illness in 2012.
He was considered a tactical genius, a man who could foresee the danger.
Analysts say that he is particularly adept at recognize the first signs of discontent, and used scouts to receive data and the neutralization of opponents.
"The current regime lacks common sense," said Abdi, the analyst conflict situations.
The new Prime Minister of Ethiopia, Hailemariam Desalegn, came out of nowhere and took the place of Meles.
Unlike Meles, who was originally from the Tigray region in Northern Ethiopia, Hailemariam - a southerner.
Analysts say that it is not trusted security services that are controlled Tigray.
Many fear that it will lead to more bloodshed.
The last time Ethiopia had experienced such excitement in 2005, after thousands of people protested against the fact that, as said the analysts, apparently, was the election that the government screwed up, and then faked the results.
In the ensuing repression, many Protestants were killed, although in smaller numbers compared with recent months, and this period of unrest has passed relatively quickly.
Experts on the development expressed appreciation to the leaders of Ethiopia for far-sighted development of infrastructure, such as new intercity train and a significant progress in the fight against poverty.
But obviously, this has not stopped the growth of domestic dissatisfaction with the government of Ethiopia.
And it takes the threat of ethnic form.
Last month protesters in Gondar, a city in Amhara, attacked businesses owned by Tigray and anti-Tygrysa hatred in social media is getting comprehensive.
Analysts say that the protesters put the United States and other Western allies in an awkward position.
The U.S. government used Ethiopia as a base for drone flights over neighboring Somalia, although it recently announced that it has closed the base.
On the one hand it is clear that the West wants to support democracy, but on the other hand he doesn't want his allies lost power in an already unstable region.
"And this tight rope it will be difficult to pass," said Abdi.
Donald trump explains his statement that ISIS was founded by Obama "sarcasm"
Donald J. Trump tried to hush up the latest conflict that engulfed his campaign headquarters on Friday, claiming that he was joking, when several times this week stated that President Obama and Hillary Clinton were the "founders" of the terrorist group Islamic state.
The explanation sparked new questions about the ability of the candidate for President from the Republican party a clear appeal to the American people.
It also put his deputies, who tried to protect him during a period of unrest, in an awkward position, as they had to explain statements that he probably didn't mean that.
Having made this assumption at the Congress on Wednesday night, trump strongly insisted on his approval on Thursday, repeating in an interview that he really wanted to say that President Clinton and founded ISIS.
But in a Twitter post early on Friday morning, trump wrote that was just maliciously.
This post was the direct opposite of the assertion made just a day earlier, when trump said in several interviews that he is absolutely serious in his accusation.
When radio host conservative Hugh Hewitt tried to help Trump to soften the statement, reminding him that Obama wants to destroy ISIS, the candidate for President from the Republican party did not seize the opportunity.
The latest scandal erupted when trump tried to refocus his campaign on the economy against the background of a downgrade.
Trump and Clinton gave competing speeches on the economy in Michigan this week.
On Friday, trump tried again to return to this subject.
Again resorting to Twitter, he warned that the plans Clinton will increase taxes, and stated that it considered it boring.
Trump previously used sarcasm as an excuse.
In late July, after he had brought upon himself universal criticism, almost expressing the idea that Russian should hack email Clinton, he later explained his comments, saying: "I am joking".
This approach allows the Tramp to go beyond the limits of acceptable political speech, and to take back his words if necessary.
"I think it's his way to test those or other messages, which finds an echo among his fans, watch how they act, and then "explain" them in one direction or another, depending on the reaction," said Ruth Sherman, a communications expert that conducted the analysis of the language of both candidates.
But I also think he's careful in his statements and knows they're vague enough to interpret them in different ways.
Instead to soften statements to a wide electorate, trump took a more sarcastic tone in recent days, while his approval rating continues to fall.
New rating NBC/Wall Street Journal/Marist, released on Friday, showed that trump concedes to Clinton in a landslide in North Carolina, Virginia, and Colorado and is on a par with her in Florida.
While trump usually tries not to apologize for the provocative things that he says he frequently accuses his critics in the wrong interpretation of his words and not understanding his sense of humor.
But as trump has become the subject of increased attention in the last months of the presidential campaign, his jokes made him loyal allies in an awkward position: they have publicly support him, no matter how provocative his statement.
Rudolph W. Giuliani, the former mayor of new York, which is one of the most famous Vice trump, made a serious effort to protect the candidate in an interview given to CNN on Thursday.
"I think what he says is acceptable political commentary," said Giuliani, when he was asked about the authenticity of trump's claims that Obama and Clinton founded the Islamic state.
It's true in the sense that to Obama ISIS was almost unknown tiny organization, he called it not a threat, it is absolutely unfair, and that's why all happened because it withdrew its troops from Iraq.
Most of the average Republican claims that the Obama administration, in which Clinton served as Secretary of state, allowed to evolve LIH, as it was not able to strictly handle the situation in the middle East.
Before the rally in Pennsylvania on Friday, trump went to Twitter to attack the media for razmusolivanie his every word and bias against him.
He mocked the "poor unfortunate" television experts who try to unravel it, and said, "Im weak!"
Some Democrats ridiculed the excuses trump as more proof that he's unfit for the presidency.
Once priced out of the coffee shop returned in Greenpoint
Coffee house "the Willows" was a ragged, accept cash only place in Williamsburg that didn't have wifi, but served good coffee for 15 years.
Of course, it replaced from your space with a shop on Bedford Avenue.
Shop "Soap Cherie", which took the place of "the Willows" in the summer of 2014, has been selling Soaps in the shape of cupcakes.
Local residents mourned her loss as the last live in the city.
Artist Molly Krabappel wrote on Twitter: "new York is constantly changing, I know, but still I can't believe dead CBGB, hotel Chelsea destroyed, and "the Willows" is now a soap shop".
But even though new York is constantly changing, he, in turn, is updated.
Restored coffee house "the Willows" was opened in November last year in Greenpoint, less than a mile to the North from the original site.
In the new "Verba" has Wi-Fi and accept credit cards, but there remained some of the same staff and similar simple atmosphere.
In addition, coffee is still good.
The head of the new "willow" is Sisko Rodriguez, a longtime employee of the old coffee house, which is the owner and General Manager at the new location.
He started to work in "willow" in 2001 and was there until the very end.
When one customer offered to sponsor him in a new place, he said he would gladly went to it.
Rodriguez, 36, a lot is left in its present form.
"The willows" is working with the same distributor bagels and bought the same model of the coffee machine.
It even installed chandeliers from the old "willow".
But Rodriguez said he would also like to experiment.
He proposed a new food.
The menu includes sandwiches with bacon, egg and cheese, and the available toppings of capers and fried onions.
There are dishes of brown rice.
In the coffee shop no longer serves beer, but now serves fresh squeezed juices.
Nine months later, Rodriguez said he drew attention to the constant stream of old regular customers.
"Many former clients also pushed prices in Williamsburg" he said.
In one of the recent Sundays, Rebecca Oliveira was one of these clients.
Oliveira, whose 34 years, used to live in Williamsburg and frequently visited "the Willows".
Even after she moved to Greenpoint, she still stopped by there.
After the closing of "willow" she said she stopped drinking coffee for a while.
"I realized that coffee and atmosphere impressed me in "willow", she said.
Now again she is drinking coffee, although that day instead of the usual iced coffees she ordered a blended tea, another novelty.
Tom Rosenthal, another long-time client, faithfully attended "the Willows", since 2003.
He came by before work and ordered invariably one and the same.
"At fifteen minutes to eight, every day, like clockwork, I came, and I was preparing my bagel with butter and all the toppings", – he said.
Rodriguez told me that wanted to experiment and introduced new dishes to the menu.
Today Rosenthal still makes the usual order, but someday he'll be making a change with bacon, eggs or cheese on a bagel with all the toppings.
Rodriguez said he was not mad that the soap shop once took possession of the old place.
Moreover, the owners of "Soap Cherie" offered to make a special soap for "willow", using coffee from the coffee shop, prepared in the cold way, as an ingredient.
"I think we might agree to their offer," said Rodriguez.
Residents of Greenpoint Polish origin had also chosen this coffee shop.
One of these new customers translated menu into Polish, and Rodriguez said that he plans to find a place for him to showcase his new neighbors feel welcome.
A new place, there are other benefits.
Local dot for sale juices are planning to bottle and sell coffee, prepared cold way.
There is a possibility that a coffee shop attach to an adjacent building.
For many customers it is enough that the new "Willows" include in the menu of their favorite dishes.
Joseph Witt was a regular customer and shared that he was heartbroken when they closed.
When the coffee shop opened at its new location, Witt said he went in and ordered a Cup of coffee, he felt like came back home.
"How long have I wanted to feel this scent," he admitted.
Depressive food of the depression in "Dense meal"
In March 1933, shortly after the ascension to the presidency, Franklin Delano Roosevelt sat down to eat lunch in the oval office.
Being a foodie, President Roosevelt loved the trendy dishes of Fifth Avenue, for example, foie Gras and Maryland turtle soup.
His menu this day was more modest: stuffed eggs in tomato sauce, mashed potatoes and for dessert, a pudding of plums.
"It was a culinary act of solidarity with people who suffer," said Jane Ziegelman.
Her husband Andrew CoE added: "It was also a message to Americans about how we need to eat".
The couple living in Brooklyn heights are experts on the history of food.
The last book, COA, "Stew Chinese" was dedicated to Chinese cuisine in America, and Sigelman told the story of living in a rented apartment in the Lower East side through food in his book "the House on 97 street orchard".
Their new collaboration "Solid meal", which will be published Tuesday by Harper — a history of American food in the Great Depression.
Showing to some extent its own culinary solidarity, they met with a reporter at dinner Eisenberg''s Sandwich Shop, a tiny, unpretentious diner in the Flatiron district, which runs from 1929, the year of the market crash.
Sigelman, 54, ordered a cream cheese sandwich with slices of olives, and CoE, 57, took the Turkey, mashed potatoes and vegetable mixture.
When a reporter ordered meatloaf, the couple thought it was a good starting point for discussion about food in the Depression era.
"The rolls were in great demand", — said Sigelman.
There was peanut loaf, liver loaf, bean loaf.
They were made of the main ingredient and cheap products, which allowed to stretch the ingredient.
Imagine that you ate as many peanuts as you need for dinner.
Kou winced.
"He was probably lying in the stomach of a stone," he said.
In the years before the Depression the American table, particularly in rural areas, was a buffet.
Group of women cooking for men-farm workers, and freshly baked cake was served for Breakfast, lunch and dinner.
The Americans sent food to the starving Europeans during the First world war. "Dense table" describes how the country coped with the fact that suddenly ceased to be a country of plenty.
"It was a time when food became Central, a difficult topic for Americans," said CoE, explaining why he and his wife decided to write about it.
So difficult were the new budget diet: the mysterious dishes such as rolls and casseroles were the main foods; the casserole is "a great way to recycle leftovers," said Sigelman, because chefs could hide unappetizing ingredients under the thick layer of sauce.
Fresh fruit was replaced by cheaper dried fruit.
Meat, for many years was the backbone of the American meal, became economically distributed luxury.
People have tried strange mixture, because the energy and nutritional value become more important than the taste or even the culinary common sense.
Doing research for the book, which includes recipes, Sigelman eat of that era: baked onions stuffed with peanut butter.
"This addition to the dining table were not successful," said CoE.
Sigelman added: "It was very strange."
Peanut butter is not suitable for baked onions.
This was typical of many domogatsky recipes.
As never before and never since, specialists in home Economics — including Louise Stanley, chief, Federal Bureau of home Economics from 1923 to 1943, managed the eating habits of the country.
Publishing recipes and articles in Newspapers and magazines, they advised women to be "the drafters of the budget", take the challenge and transform swill like pureed spaghetti and carrots into a delicious dish.
"Dense" meal is a feast of interesting historical facts.
Especially spicy stories about the government's response to the starving citizens, for example, the position of President Herbert Hoover in the spirit of "let them eat cakes".
Publicly extolling the simple farm food of Iowa the times of his childhood, he lived as a sophisticated millionaire who became.
"He liked continental cuisine, for example, fish with cucumber sauce," said CoE.
He ate almost in the gilded dining room, wearing a tuxedo.
It was a fantastically divorced from reality.
President Roosevelt could have made the same mistake if his wife Eleanor did not advise him to set an example for your own stomach.
As described in the book, Eleanor Roosevelt hired a housekeeper who was not interested in taste, and this led to the fact that the White house "had consumed not only the most dreary food in Washington, but sometimes the most disgusting cooked."
Many of the culinary techniques from the Depression era were forgotten as soon as the country got back up on his feet.
Their legacy is our constant focus on calories and nutrition, says Sigelman, and how science was used in cooking.
The couple say that at the time of writing, they better understand the dietary habits of the mother Zigelman that she could not throw away food, for example.
"She was really afraid of a careless attitude to food," said CoE.
Sigelman recalls: "She seriously poisoned people".
There was a nasty case of the profiteroles.
When the plates in Eisenberg''s empty, they CoE got dessert prepared at home: a dessert made of prunes, which President Roosevelt had for lunch.
"It's called mousse prunes," said Sigelman, adding that it was a common technique is to give modest recipes catchy names.
Whipped cream was not only prunes, a little flour, sugar, water and cinnamon.
All reluctantly dipped the spoon into the viscous, brown, sticky substance.
Surprisingly, it wasn't bad.
CoE had twice asked for more.
Voice sure of the originator of the budget he told his wife: "Bit of chopped walnuts would not have prevented".
The arrest of the defendants in the case about mass fight in the cemetery khovanskoye extended to 14 November
Presnensky court upheld until the 14th of November under the arrest of the defendants in the case about mass fight on Khovansky a cemetery, having satisfied the corresponding petition of a consequence.
In the case as defendants are 14 people.
We will remind that on may 14 on Khovansky a cemetery there was a mass brawl of hundreds of people from Central Asia and the Northern Caucasus with the use of weapons, which killed three people.
The former head of the cemetery, Yuri Chabueva and lawyer, co-founder of the public organization "the Healthy nation" Alexander Bocharnikov charged with the murder.
Question about second in 2016, indexation of pensions could be solved in the next two to three weeks.
This was announced on 12 August, Deputy Prime Minister Olga Golodets during a visit to Bryansk oblast.
We have incorporated specific parameters as necessary to increase the pension in order to eliminate the inflation that exists in the country.
All the calculations were made.
Now economists are taking stock of the semester and we will complete this work within the next two to three weeks", - quotes the Golodets "Interfax".
Commenting on the proposed head of the Center for strategic research Alexei Kudrin scheme to increase the retirement age by six months each year, the Deputy Prime Minister announced that the Cabinet this topic is not considered.
At the end of July it became known that the Government agreed position on full indexation of pension benefits in 2017.
Kamensky and Grigoryan were in the finals of the competitions in shooting from a small-caliber rifle.
Russian athletes Sergey Kamenskiy and Kirill Grigoryan were in the finals of the competitions in shooting from small-bore rifle prone at the Olympic games in Brazil.
As reported TASS, Sergei Kamensky scored 629 points and took first place - a new Olympic record in qualifying.
Kirill Grigoryan became the second - 628,9 bull.
Just got to the final eight of the best athletes.
Kamenskiy is the world record holder in this discipline (633).
Turkish opposition leader Fethullah Gulen calls for international investigation of the circumstances of the attempted coup d'état in Turkey.
"I demand that an independent international Commission to investigate the coup attempt," the Gulen quotes the French newspaper Le Monde.
A Turkish opposition leader said that "if any part of the charges are confirmed, I'll be back in Turkey."
However, gülen denies involvement in the coup, stressing that his organization has never claimed to be political power.
The Istanbul court arrested in absentia earlier opposition Islamic preacher Fethullah Gulen.
Recall that the attempt of a military coup happened in Turkey in the night from 15 to 16 July.
Gilead will reimburse the cost of legal services during a dispute over the patent of hepatitis C with Merck
Gilead Sciences Inc has the right to receive reimbursement for legal services that it incurred in connection with litigation on the issue of the patent for the cure for hepatitis C with a pharmaceutical company Merck & Co Inc, ruled Federal district judge.
In June, Gilead was exempt from paying the $ 200 million damages for infringement of two patents Merck related to drugs of Gilead, to the leaders of sales, Sovaldi and Harvoni, after a U.S. judge found a number of violations by Merck, including lie under oath and other unethical actions.
Turning to the court on Thursday a judge at the Federal district court of the United States Beth Labson Freeman said that Gilead has the right to reimbursement of expenses incurred in the course of disputing a claim.
Merck is trying to catch up with Gilead, which dominates the market of new generation drugs for hepatitis C that can cure more than 90 percent of patients with liver disease.
The case occurred in 2013, when the company, Gilead and Merck sued each other, claiming their rights to laboratory work, the underlying of sofosbuvir, the active ingredient of the drug company Gilead Sciences.
Armed forces, was created with the support of the United States, saying that the intercepted complete control over Mobicam the Islamic State
The armed forces established with US support, seized full control of the Northern town of Manbij near the Turkish border, after the last remaining in the city, the militants of the Islamic State left, a spokesman for the group on Friday.
Syrian democratic forces (SDS) are now cleansing the town after the departure of the remaining groups of militants, who were hiding in the city.
They freed more than 2,000 civilian hostages who were held by militants, said the Agency "Reuters" Sharpen Darvish with SDS from the allied military Council Manuja.
"The city is now fully under our control, but we are taking clean-up operations", he said to the Agency "Reuters".
Clinton earned of 10.75 million dollars in 2015 and paid 34.2 per cent Federal tax rate
Hillary Clinton on Friday made public his tax returns for 2015, which showed that the presidential candidate of the democratic party and her husband had in this year of 10.75 million dollars of income and paid an effective rate of Federal tax rate of 34.2%.
In 2015, the Clintons received $ 1 million in charitable contributions, mostly to Fund Clinton, former President bill Clinton received about $ 5.3 million in fees for speaking, and former Secretary of state announced income of $ 3 million from publisher Simon & Schuster for her book about her stay on the post at the State Department.
Potential Vice-President Clinton, US Senator Tim Kane of Virginia together with his wife Anne Holton released the tax returns for 10 years.
In 2015, they paid an effective rate of Federal tax rate of 20.3 percent.
"Hillary Clinton and Tim Kane continues to set the standard of financial transparency" — said in a statement, the campaign adviser to candidate Clinton Jennifer Palmieri.
In complete contrast, Donald trump hiding behind fake excuses and violate your previous promises to release their tax returns.
It is common for presidential candidates, States should publish their tax returns, although the law they are not required.
New York businessman trump and his lawyers called the test of the State tax service as a reason for his refusal to disclose his tax returns.
"Your turn," tweeted the campaign adviser to candidate Clinton, Jan sams, bearing in mind the Declaration of the democratic candidate.
On Thursday, the special adviser to trump Michael Cohen told CNN that will not allow Trump to release them before the end of the inspections.
Trump's critics, including presidential candidate from the Republican party in 2012, MITT Romney and other fellow Republicans, said that his refusal raises questions about his condition, his charitable contributions, his business transactions, and other relations, including with Russia.
Clinton seized on the issue and on Friday released an online video in which the main place was given to prominent Republicans who urged trump to publish his tax returns.
On Thursday she raised the issue during a speech about the economy in Michigan.
"He refuses to do what you did in each and every presidential candidate for decades to publish his tax Declaration", — she told the audience.
The newspaper Politico reported that trump had not paid little or no taxes in two years in the 1990s, and a business columnist for the New York Times on Friday quoted many lawyers and tax accountants who believe that, perhaps, things and things still.
Federal tax rate became the subject of controversy in the presidential election.
Clinton supported the rule, named after billionaire investor Warren Buffett, which would guarantee that people who receive more than $ 1 million a year will pay a tax rate of at least 30 percent.
President Barack Obama also supported the proposal.
At the meeting with Clinton last week in Omaha, Nebraska, Buffett, whose conglomerate Berkshire Hathaway is based there, invited Trump to come together to share their tax returns.
Buffett said he is also under inspection by the IRS, and that trump was "afraid" of the Agency not to raise taxes, and voters.
Campaign headquarters Clinton released tax returns Dating back to 2007.
The Clintons, who live in Chappaqua, new York, paid an average rate Federal tax rate of about 32 percent from 2007 to 2014 the effective total tax rate of approximately 40.5 per cent.
The Declaration of the Clintons for 2015 showed that, unlike most Americans, only $ 100 from their income source was wages.
Their main investment was a low-cost index mutual Fund, and the Clintons declared dividends and income from capital in the amount of 109 000 $.
Additional reporting Kevin Drobo; editor Jonathan Oatis
Condoms with chili powder and fireworks enhance the security of Tanzanian elephants
Fighters for environmental protection in Tanzania use unconventional method to prevent elephants wander into human settlements they throw condoms filled with chili powder.
The method proved to be effective, and organization of the Honeyguide Foundation, which came up with this idea a few years ago, along with the American Committee for the protection of nature took over his promotion, training volunteers in the villages of Northern Tanzania use non-violent, consisting of four steps, a way to protect their homes and crops, not causing harm to animals.
Previously, many people used spears to protect themselves.
Friday is world day of elephants on the protection of animals.
"Ever since we invented tools set ..., we observe a change of attitude within these communities, with the result that they are much more confident that will be able to stop the elephants in their fields, the elephants without causing harm," said the statement by the Executive Director, Damian bell of the Honeyguide.
The first two steps consist in the lighting of the torch in front of the encroaching elephant and signaling with horns.
If it failed to deter, then throw the so-called "cloud Chile".
Chili powder, mixed with soil, placed a firecracker in a condom, and its end is twisted, is outside the fuse.
When the ignition condom burst with a roar, spraying a fine dust of chili powder in the air.
One blow is usually enough to turn the elephant to the other side.
A last resort is a launching device that shoots Roman candles into the air, making a loud, bright explosion.
Turkey still has not returned 32 Turkish diplomat who left the country after the coup attempt in July of this year.
Such data led the Minister of foreign Affairs of Turkey mevlüt çavuşoğlu in conversation with local journalists.
At the first stage we withdrew 208 career diplomats that they continued to work in the center.
Of these, 32 without objective reasons and explanations not returned", - said the head of the Turkish foreign Ministry.
We will remind that in July in Turkey there was a coup attempt.
The authorities officially announced that the coup had failed, and announced the arrest of more than six thousand people, among them military officials, senior and middle managers.
The attempted coup were killed, according to the foreign Ministry of Turkey, 290 people.
Jewish Director sharply criticized Berlin hotel for removing a phone code of Israel "at the request" of the Arabs is reported by the RT News channel
The French Director of Jewish origin unleashed a scandal in the media, finding that the Kempinski hotel Bristol in Berlin is not in the list of the telephone code of Israel, and employees refer to "requests" from the Arab customers.
Claude lanzman, the author of a documentary on the Holocaust "Shoah," expressed their dissatisfaction with the Kempinski hotel Bristol in Berlin, wrote an open letter in the German media FAZ.
During his recent stay at hotel landsman tried to find Israel in the list of codes provided by the hotel.
The country, however, was not mentioned among the countries where you can call them directly from the room.
How could it happen that in 2016 in Berlin, the capital of the new Germany, Israel eliminated and eradicated?
Wrote Landsman.
In return, Kempinski hotel Bristol offers the opportunity to gain Israel via its own call center.
In search of explanations the Director raised this issue at the reception of the hotel.
The answer he got there, according to lancman, "shocked him."
The clerk of the hotel said that this was "a deliberate decision of the management of Kempinski hotels."
The reason behind this step caused even more anger of the Director.
"Most of our guests are Arabs, and they demanded that the code of Israel was removed," he said, according to lancman, an employee of the hotel.
Israeli Ambassador to Germany Yakov Hadas-Handelsman called the case "a terrible shame", according to the newspaper Suddeutsche Zeitung.
We were appalled and shocked by the incident.
It is, in fact, a terrible shame.
The fact that it happened in Germany and it is in this network of hotels, even greater shame.
Explanation is not needed here.
We expect that the hotel will make the right conclusions", — said the official.
The event caused considerable resonance in the Internet; people called it a scandal.
Some have argued that the Kempinski just "went on about" alleged claims of Arab customers.
"I am ashamed", — was stated in another post, which stated that the hotel is located on a nice street Kurfurstendamm, near the synagogue.
The hotel itself was quick to dismiss any charges, calling the incident "an oversight," and "apologizing" before the Landsman, the newspaper Der Spiegel.
"There was no direct order not to include Israel in the speed dial list", — quotes words of the representative of the hotel chain Kempinski newspaper Suddeutsche Zeitung.
She adds that code is now added.
Police use tear gas and rubber bullets against the protesters Brazilian students
Students clashed with police in the Brazilian city of Sao Paulo on Thursday when they gathered to protest against government reforms of the public education system.
Police used tear gas and rubber bullets against the protesters.
The riots began when police tried to disperse the students, with the result that the police used rubber bullets and tear gas.
Several hundred students took part in demonstrations to Express their concerns about the plans.
In accordance with the proposals of the Governor of the state of são Paulo Geraldo Alckmin almost 100 government secondary schools will be closed and 300,000 students will be redistributed to save money.
Some of the protesters you could see the writing on the wall graffiti against acting President Michael Temer.
This last protest happened just a few days after the protesters massively took to the streets to support the ousted President Dilma Rousseff, when the Senate voted for her impeachment.
Trade between Russia and Iran has increased by 71% reported RT Business
With the lifting of sanctions, the trade turnover between Moscow and Tehran increased by 70.9 per cent compared to the previous year, according to the Russian Ambassador to Iran Levan Jagarian.
Since international sanctions against Iran were lifted, there has been growing interest from Russian companies to conduct business in the country, the Ambassador said.
Russian companies to resume ties with Iran, and the new company is ready to access the market.
Of course, further trade expansion is one of the main priorities of bilateral cooperation with Iran," said jagaren.
He noted that in the first five months of 2016, the turnover between Russia and Iran has increased by 70.9 per cent compared to the same period in 2015 and amounted to 856 million dollars.
In particular, Russian exports to Iran rose by 91.5 percent to 697 million dollars.
Russian imports from Iran increased by 16 percent, to 158 million dollars.
The increase in trade was achieved due to the supply of machinery, land vehicles, and weapons," — said the Ambassador.
Jagaran also predicts that this year Russia will be visited by a record number of Iranian tourists.
In the past year, the diplomatic mission of Russia in Iran issued about 35 000 visas, mainly tourist, citizens of Iran.
In addition, for the first time Iran has entered the top 20 countries by number of tourists visiting Russia.
It's safe to say that last year's record number of Iranian tourists visiting Russia, to be broken," he said.
At the same time, relatively few Russians visit Iran, which the Ambassador hopes will change.
"I personally recommend to visit the cities of Isfahan, Shiraz and Yazd, in which are preserved the monuments of ancient Persian civilization in a good condition," he said.
The government continues to tighten the screws in the military-industrial complex.
The reason for dismissal were "systematic failure" of orders of the Director General of the concern "Almaz - Antey", "omission" and "loss of confidence".
The head of the NGO for the next three years appointed Gennady Bendersky.
Information about the dismissal Neskorodov appeared only on Thursday evening and has not caused a wide resonance in the media.
How can we explain such silence in the face of large-scale rearmament of the army?
Most likely, the Russian leadership does not want to spread any rumors or negative assumptions in a public environment.
This once again confirms that the military-industrial complex (MIC), there are many problems and the government does not want to attract attention from society.
Suspension Neskorodov is undoubtedly an important event from the point of view of restoring order in the industry.
NPO "Almaz" - the head company of the group, which specializiruetsya on the production of anti-aircraft missiles (SAMS) marine and land-based.
Currently, Diamond is working on creating SAM "Polyment-Redoubt" and "Morpheus", which will be installed on new corvettes, frigates, destroyers and cruisers.
Founder of the portal Military of Russia Dmitry Kornev considers that the dismissal Neskorodov caused delays on these projects.
This version is the most logical.
For example, the development of "Morpheus" began in 2007 and the commissioning was expected in 2013.
"Poliment-Redut" should be the main defense system on the newest ships of the Navy.
According to the information that I get a few years of testing was not committed any successful tests.
However, as far as I can tell, there is a definite guilt "Diamond" - said Kornev.
Experts fear that the delay in commissioning could happen with SAM "s-500".
Development work on the project is still not completed, but for 2016, the first complexes should enter the army.
The defense Ministry assured that "the work is being done according to plan and everything is completed in a timely manner", although in 2014, the Department recognized that there are problems with the development of s-500.
It is extremely difficult to assess the professional qualities Neskorodov, led the "Diamond" in 2011.
Kornev stated that the overruns on projects can be both a cause and a reason for dismissal.
In his opinion, in recent years it has become extremely difficult to obtain information about the internal processes of the defence sector and management plans of enterprises.
The industry received long-term orders for tens of billions of rubles, and big money is known to love peace.
As a rule, the Director of the defense companies leave the post at his own request, according to the agreement on the agreement of the parties or transferred to another job.
In this case, the removal was publicly, though received no response.
This suggests that the head of "Almaz" was perhaps the figure of the shrew, and resisted the descent from above "the order".
Apparently, such a behavior of the state to put up more does not intend.
Hands of shareholders it will to remove those who prefer to argue with the installations of the Ministry of defense and do not perform the tasks.
At the same time, the Russian leadership seeks to punish thieving managers (fraud at the shipyard "Zvezda").
Increased attention to the sector pays the President personally.
Vladimir Putin headed the Military-industrial Commission and holds periodic meetings on rearmament.
The Kremlin defends the ranks of managers of the defence industry, aiming to have a loyal Board of Directors who will perform get on top of the order.
It's far from imperfect policy, but amid rampant corruption and the absence of normal competition in the defense industry other instruments the state does not.
The situation in the defense industry, of course, is not catastrophic, but the current geopolitical situation stimulates the Kremlin as soon as possible to bring order to the Armed forces.
In parallel with the "sweep" managers in the defense industry, the Russian leadership has taken quite successful steps in increasing the professionalism of Russian troops.
The staff of the army has acquired a new quality with the advent of the post of Minister of defence Sergei Shoigu.
One gets the impression that the President has adopted the saying "if you Want peace, prepare for war".
During the cold war, military power of the USSR and made in 1970-ies nuclear parity led to the conclusion of the Helsinki Pact, which cemented Moscow's sphere of influence on the continent.
For all the shortcomings of the bipolar system it worked quite effectively.
Proof of this was the absence of wars on the European continent and relatively stable situation in the middle East.
The triumph of the "winners" in the cold war eventually turned into the strengthening of international terrorism.
After a series of terrorist attacks in Europe and the US in the "civilized world", perhaps there is not one quiet corner.
Despite the General distress, the West refuses to talk with Russia at the level of an equal partner.
In such circumstances, the only allies of our country, is the Navy and the army.
The increased military power will allow Moscow to more effectively defend national interests and to reach new horizons of world politics.
Scot Callum Skinner, racing for the finish line, resulting in the British capture Cycling gold
Scot Callum Skinner raced to victory in the men's team sprint at the velodrome in Rio last night, bringing the team a trio of great Britain defended his title from London 2012.
23-year-old Glasgow-born player was in the role of the strongest, which his fellow Scot sir Chris hoy made his own, and the young man proudly made history, having flown on the final straight to snatch victory from team-favourite from New Zealand.
Britain claimed a surprise victory four years ago, winning when hoy claim a fifth of his six Olympic gold medals.
And they repeated the trick, after finished a modest sixth in the March world championship in track Cycling in London, despite the fact that Hoi since retired.
Issue between Beijing and London was the replacement of the specialist participant Jamie Staff.
They did so just at a time when there was Hindes.
Care hoy also created a void that Kian Emadi and Matt Crampton tried to fill.
Skinner was a man who adhered to the British coaches, seeing the potential in the Scotsman, which has now been implemented.
Hindes, Kenny — Champions with hoy four years ago — and Skinner set an Olympic record in qualifying, but the norm was surpassed by New Zealand in the first round.
And the British trio won the duel for the gold.
Hindes was just behind after his round, but Kenny pushed the team forward, and Skinner supported.
A change of strategy was a big part of the transformation, where Hindes was driving at a higher gear to slow down and let Kenny and especially Skinner to keep pace.
Hoy watched from his seat as a guest expert for the BBC and caught sight of Skinner, Kenny and Hindes when they came to the podium.
23-year-old Skinner from Glasgow said: "This is a flattering comparison".
I'm here to do everything possible and make a name for himself.
We set an Olympic record in the finals and defeated the world Champions.
It was incredible.
There is no better way to win.
After the triumph in London in 2012 alongside Kenny and hoy, Hindes admitted deliberately fell to the track after a bad start.
He later recanted the comment, and no way to appeal by competitors in the UK.
Wasn't a question this time in great victory.
Hindes said, "I felt like I was in London, with all the flags of great Britain on the podium".
We all as a team have met in the last three months.
We lost so many races from around the world, to win the Olympics again was just amazing.
This is one event, one gold medal for the country, which has won seven of 10 titles racing like in Beijing and in London.
If it is a barometer of progress that's been made in the last five months, the velodrome waiting for another five successful days.
With the form shown Kenny, it's not beyond possibility to imagine him repeating the feat hoy by winning three Olympic gold medals in the same Games.
This would allow you to see how Kenny — which is exactly 12 years younger than hoy, who also was born on 23 March (this seems to be a sacred date in British sport, which is also the birthday of Steve Redgrave, Mo Farah and Roger Bannister) — bring your account up to six gold medals and one silver.
It would also be like Hoey.
The next time Kenny is competing in the sprint, which starts today and played for three days.
28-year-old native of Bolton said, "I just enjoy it now.
Team competitions are always the best.
You come to win with your mates.
A little lonely to win one, to be honest.
Hindes said, "If he wins two more gold medals, he should get a knighthood".
That was the only day medal, but was later good news for Britain.
Sir Bradley Wiggins, ed Clancy, Steven Burke and Owen Doull qualified fastest four-kilometer team pursuit four.
They finished in 3:51.943.
World record set when winning gold at London 2012, is a of 3:51.659.
First round and final (10:42 PM) will be held today, the second day of the event, where Wiggins will definitely be the center of attention.
He had a discussion with the commissioners yesterday, on the eve of the qualifying session when officials asked him to measure his weight.
In the corresponding women's event, which resumes and finishes tomorrow, Laura Trott, Joanna Rowsell Shand, Elinor Barker and Katie Archibald from Milngavie improved the world record, showing the time 4:13.260.
Team UK came to the conclusion that relies on a powerful team of cyclists to take ownership of the average period of the Olympic games and earn a ton of medals.
After really exceptional demonstrations complete superiority in Beijing and London, expectations weakened in gradual preparation for Rio.
Was drama in the background, not the latest - the resignation of technical Director Shane Sutton in April due to allegations of sexism and oppression, and treatments of major figures such as hoy and Victoria Pendleton.
However, the first night race on the velodrome, it seems that the now legendary fame in the UK and achieve peaks at the right time might just happen again.
The future of the Portland smelter under threat due to the termination of the contract for electricity
The future of the Portland aluminum smelter in Victoria and the jobs of hundreds of workers under threat due to the fact that the electricity company which supplies the plant, according to one of the owners of the plant, intends to terminate the contract of delivery: it is planned that all the supply agreement will be terminated.
This step is a consequence of the decision taken earlier this year by the Victorian government not to renew grants to support the operation of the plant.
A fixed subsidy for 20 years to expire in November.
Up to 2,000 jobs could be under threat at the company Alcoa in Portland.
As many as 2 000 jobs — directly and indirectly — may be at risk as a result of any closure.
Also, there may be additional indirect effects, as metallurgical plant consumes about 10 percent of the electricity produced in Victoria.
In 2014, the company closed the steel plant in point Henry, which led to the closure of the power plant in Anglesea last year.
Portland metallurgical plant Alcoa is losing money and in danger of closing.
These actions were the result of reflections on the future of the plant continued for several years, initially due to the strong position of the Australian dollar, and later because of the prices of products of the plant.
The company AGL, which supplies a large aluminum plant electricity from its power station Loy Yang A in the Latrobe valley, said he expects that the other three owners will also take steps to terminate the contract.
The controlling share belongs to the short-term joint venture company of Alcoa and Alumina, and the Chinese company CITIC and the Japanese company Marubeni Corp. owns a smaller share.
"AGL expects that the Portland facility will continue to operate, that is, that physical demand for electricity from the metallurgical plant will not stop," she said.
According to AGL, the contract is a so - called 'hedge contracts', which were to take effect in November 2016.
Contracts have a 12-month period of termination, so they actually will end in 2017.
"Accordingly, the AGL company still expects that these contracts will bring its part of the income of the 2017 financial year," said power company.
Any potential impact on the company's profit AGL starting with the 2018 fiscal year is currently limited by forecasts for a strong futures market for wholesale electricity prices.
The company AGL has announced that it has reduced the amount of contracts in its reporting on 187 million dollars in mind "upcoming divorce".
According to Alcoa, the decision to terminate the contracts "does not affect the ability to manage Alcoa metallurgical plant or provide electricity for the ironworks".
The American company said that in 2010, the company entered into Loy Yang a twenty-year contract, which was to come into force in November this year, but she has yet to explain why it terminated the contract.
Analysts had feared a possible closure as the Portland smelter in Victoria and the Tomago plant near Newcastle due to adverse economic situation in the industry.
Speaking to analysts earlier this week, the chief of service of operation of the company AGL Stephen Mikkelsen said Portland annually uses about 600 megawatts of energy, and Tamago is about 900 megawatts.
If both of these plant leaves the market, will happen a significant reduction in market demand [electricity].
For us as for the manufacturer, it will be bad," he said.
Not only is the reality star Kardashian, Kendall on the cover of the September issue of Vogue
Kendall Jenner, 20 years, model and fourth daughter of the clan Kardashian-Jenner mother-Manager Kris, has appeared on the coveted September cover of American Vogue magazine.
Kendall, who is the face of the brand Estee Lauder and walked in fashion weeks in Milan, Paris and new York, reported the news in his Instagram account on Thursday.
"Being in the room with my favorite people, I looked at the cover and cried," wrote Kendall.
News about the cover was accompanied by a strange (or just in the spirit of "Family Kardashian"?), prepared reality video, in which the whole family Kardashian-Jenner (rowdy Rob and Caitlin also joined them a universal favorite uncle show business, the producer of "the Family Kardashian" Ryan Seacrest), forgot about the appearance of the sisters on the cover, and at the end - classic twist: they planned a surprise party.
This is the standard story line of almost all episodes of children's television shows dedicated to the day of birth (Seacrest utters the phrase: "You thought we forgot about you?" with sincerity cartoon rabbit from the program at 8 in the morning), but Chris needed this glory anyway and got the other girls.
Because with this episode dedicated to the September issue of Vogue, we certainly have entered a new era of the Kardashians.
Let older sister Kendall, Kim and appeared on the cover of Vogue before (she appeared on it with her husband Kanye West in April 2014), but the September cover of the magazine is an achievement in itself.
The September issue is the best-selling issue of Vogue in a year.
Thick is more like a Deluxe edition than a fashion magazine, the issue attracts a huge number of advertisers (according to the calculations of portal Fashionista, 615 pages from last year's 832-page issue contained advertising).
The news that someone from the stars will get its cover, is expected with such impatience that in the last two years photography magazine merged before the official announcement.
In the previous number of women appearing on the cover include Naomi Campbell, Linda Evangelista and Kate moss.
In recent years, on the cover, of course, it presents more "celebrities who are models than models that are celebrities."
The winner of the award "Oscar" and the face of the brand Dior Jennifer Lawrence was featured on the cover in 2013, a year after, that honor goes to Lady Gaga.
But even in the unlikely case that Jenner, which the magazine described as "outstanding model" of his generation, falls into the first category, she's in good company.
These celebrities are not relatives of famous people, stars of the reality show or modern children who know how to make a good video in Snapchat (although Jenner gets into all these categories).
This is a really talented woman successful in the entertainment industry.
For Beyonce, appeared on the cover last year, this year has been one of the most successful in a career in connection with the release of the album Lemonade.
Of course, not all pleased with the success of Jenner.
The position of the Jenner in the fashion world, because of its past stars of the television reality show, should always remain precarious.
In June one of the first Victoria's Secret models Stephanie Seymour criticized Jenner and her colleague Gigi Hadid, calling them "bitches of the moment."
These sentiments bubbled up again after news about the appearance of Jenner on the cover of Vogue.
But to dwell on the discontent it makes no sense.
Kendall Jenner on the cover of the September issue of Vogue.
She is a supermodel in every sense of the word.
She defile for Marc Jacobs.
She sells a concealer from Estee Lauder.
She and all her sisters, sell you their photos in their own applications available through a paid subscription.
She sells self-made photographs of his daughter Cindy Crawford magazine LOVE.
And in his spare time, it is possible to still see my sister Courtney and her kids, she participates in a reality show on television.
Community legal centres refuse to service 160,000 per year
Each year more than 160,000 of the least protected members of the population are denied service in public legal centers, as the sector prepares for the effect that would have further cuts funding for already ongoing at the limit of activity.
In Queensland three out of five people — mostly elderly, immigrants, unprotected workers, victims of violence, people who are not able to fight the unfair deprivation of property and so on — have been rejected, trying to get free legal assistance and representation.
Community legal services are already working beyond preparing for further reductions.
From June next year, these legal centers have to lose 30 percent of Federal funding.
Director community legal centres NSW James Farrell said, according to the report of the last census of the National Association of community legal centres, thousands of people a year get rejected.
Farrell said if the decision of the Federal government will not be cancelled, the situation will only worsen.
"Community legal centres NSW constantly receive inadequate funding: it means that thousands of people get the denial they need vital services," he said.
People leaving abusive relationships, people with uncontrollable and ruinous debts, families going through divorce, unfairly dismissed workers — all these people have problems of a legal nature, and this report shows that they can't get the help that you need.
The Federal government will cut funding by 30 percent from June 2017 and, therefore, less protected thousands of Queensland residents will have to resolve complex legal issues without help.
We call on the justice Minister and Queensland Senator George Brandis, immediately terminate these funding cuts, so that people could receive the necessary assistance when they face legal problems.
Last year the state government has fulfilled its commitment to raise funding for free legal aid to the average for the country.
Now is the time to pay attention to the needs of community legal centres and communities, their customers and the government, Palasek it's time to invest in this important work.
At the campaign headquarters of Donald trump sued after employee allegedly threatened with the gun
According to reports from new York city, the campaign headquarters of Donald trump sued: allegedly, the staff did nothing after reporting that its operating officer in North Carolina was threatened with a gun to the employee when they rode in the jeep in February.
The incident was described in the lawsuit, filed Wednesday in state court in Charlotte by Vincent Bordin, a former instructor for work with the software in the campaign headquarters of the state.
Bordin said that I waited a few months to solve the problem internally, but realized that "it's not going to happen."
Director Earl Phillip and "produced a gun, put your right index finger on the trigger and sent a barrel on the kneecap Vincent" — so says Bordin in the complaint.
Complaining to local and regional management of the campaign headquarters, Bordin realized that at least four more participants of similar incidents with Phillip stated in the appeal.
"Guns don't shoot to kill, to inflict damage," said Bordin in the complaint.
The lawsuit took place just two days after the presidential candidate from the Republican party made a splash by saying to listeners in North Carolina, that "people of the Second amendment" — understood as gun owners and lovers can start to act if his rival Hillary Clinton will be elected and will be able to choose judges.
Campaign headquarters trump said that the media pulled his words out of context, and that he was not in favour of violence.
In his complaint, Bordin requires compensation from campaign headquarters for sloppy control, and the Phillip - assault, battery and infliction of emotional harm.
The representative of trump hope Hicks is slow in response to a request for comment.
Attempt to talk to Phillip was not successful.
WCCB, the local news affiliate in Charlotte reported that Phillip recently left the campaign.
In response to a call to his consulting firm, Innovative Consulting Services, one is quickly called back.
The presidential candidate from the Republican party, Donald trump held a controversial campaign.
Case: Bordin against Donald J. Trump For President Inc., 16-CS-14300, General court, division of the High court for the district of Mecklenburg (Charlotte).
Britain should send in the right direction Olympic spirit and expand Heathrow
Heathrow will also bring revival and prosperity not only in our local communities and the whole of London, but throughout the country.
As for me, it was exactly the huge advantage of Heathrow, just as it was with London 2012, where we have made every effort to keep our Nations and regions have benefited from the Games.
The Olympic Games brought a huge benefit to Stratford and the East End.
And we will do so again, creating opportunities for local residents and businesses near Heathrow.
Only for our local settlements we will create 10,000 new internship, 40 000 new jobs and put an end to youth unemployment around the airport.
The same as it was before London 2012, there will be those who think that the task of expanding Heathrow is too big.
I was told that Britain will never be ready for the Olympic games, and that we find ourselves in a difficult position on the world stage.
Skeptics were wrong in 2012, and they'll prove wrong about Heathrow.
There are always obstacles that must be overcome, but Heathrow will answer any question asked of him.
Like the Olympic Games, Heathrow airport is an infrastructure project for most, and not just for a narrow circle.
The extension is the ability to create up to 180,000 new jobs, 211 billion pounds of economic growth, leaving a legacy of skills and employment around the airport, and throughout the United Kingdom.
We have an excellent team in Heathrow airport, which introduced the program to 11 billion pounds of infrastructure investment on time and within budget, from T5 — elected the best airport terminal for five consecutive years, to T2, built in the middle of the two most employed in the world of runways.
Now they are ready to provide a third runway, confirmed 16 billions of pounds of private investment.
The Olympic games in London 2012 was a huge success for the UK, and I am sure that the expansion of Heathrow too.
The time has come for us to forward the Olympic spirit in the right direction and expand Heathrow, securing our future and creating a legacy of skills and employment, which Britain can be proud of.
Lord Paul Deighton chair of the Board of Heathrow and former commercial Attache of the Treasury
Adblock Plus, Facebook play "cat and mouse" on the issue of ad-blocking
For companies that make money on Internet advertising, attempts to circumvent the software for blocking ads are a game of "cat and mouse", according to one of the companies that creates the software.
On Thursday, just a couple of days after Facebook announced that it is going to block ad blockers on their desktop version of the site, Adblock Plus has published a blog post that users can update their filters in the program to block ads on the social network again.
On Tuesday, Facebook announced that the desktop version of the website will change the layout around your ad, so that ad blockers has become more difficult to recognize which part of the page are advertising.
But Adblock now says that was able to bypass the new code.
In his blog post, the representative of the Adblock Ben Williams wrote that "this kind of mutual struggle between a community of ad blockers open source and those who are trying to get around it, continues since the invention of ad blocking", and it is possible that Facebook will present its own solution in the near future.
The fact that the world's largest social network has joined the fight, is a clear sign of how big a problem were the ad blockers for the industry.
Globally, about 200 million people use ad blockers, according to research from Pagefair and Adobe; nearly four times more among those who used such software in 2013.
Given the 1.3 billion daily active users who access Facebook through mobile devices, mobile advertising now accounts for 84 percent of Facebook revenue from advertising.
However, the company is hunting for ad blockers on the desktop version as mobile ad-blockers are ineffective in mobile applications Facebook for social networking and Instagram, according to the representative.
But the is the desktop version is quite a profitable article to Facebook considered such a step to a profitable investment.
Also on Thursday, Facebook announced that it plans to update its tool "ad preferences" to give people more control over how they targetarea advertising.
On Thursday, Facebook said that the new Adblock is cause for concern, as they will also block some non-advertising content on the website.
"It will not be a positive experience for people, and we plan to solve this problem," - said the representative of Facebook in the official email.
Ad blockers are blunt instruments, so we instead focused on creating tools such as Advertising preferences, to transfer control into the hands of people.
The woman moved on the Swiss motorway in an episode of apparent suicide
The victim was lying on the freeway in the middle of the night.
Police are urging witnesses after the woman moved a few vehicles on the freeway early Thursday morning in the apparent suicide attempt.
The incident happened on the A1 near Morges in the Canton of Vaud just after midnight on Thursday.
The woman lay on the road in the dark "in a gesture of despair" and she was struck several vehicles, said police In the statement.
Apparently trying to kill himself, the victim, a Swiss woman at the age of 49 years, hit several vehicles, including a truck.
She died on the spot.
Involved several drivers have already been interviewed, but the identity of some has not yet been established, said the police, who encourages them and anyone else who witnessed the incident, to respond.
A criminal case was initiated, a "logical" step in such a situation, the lawyer said Gilet, Hofstetter Le Tribune de Geneve.
However, it remains to be seen whether someone from involved drivers to press charges.
Was it possible to avoid a strike?
That's what should be determined by the Prosecutor," — said Hofstetter.
Two other similar cases over the past five years suggest that the drivers will not be held responsible.
In each case — both of which involve a person walking in the dark on the freeway — was sentenced that motorists can't expect a random encounter with a pedestrian on the freeway in the middle of night, the newspaper said.
Last year the officer was cleared of causing death by negligence after she struck and killed a man lying on the A1 near Payerne night in August 2014.
22-year-old victim saw and fainted on the road, the court heard.
The court found that the police woman who responded to an emergency call — he drove a vehicle in a way that was justified, and that the presence of a person on the road was "absolutely exceptional and unpredictable situation," said the judge.
Anyone holding information about the incident on Thursday near the Walrus should call the police at 021 644 83 46 or 021 644 44 44.
A climate model of NASA: Venus was once habitable
Venus may once have been inhabited, according to the assessments of new climate models of NASA .
Scientists from nasovskogo of the Institute for space Goddard has developed a model for the study of the past Venus, using the tools and algorithms similar to those used by climatologists.
The model was developed in order to determine could on Venus, with its hot dry surface and the atmosphere, saturated with carbon dioxide, ever be conditions similar to earth.
Scientists previously thought that a small rotation rate of Venus due to its dense atmosphere.
But the latest modeling suggests that Venus might have a sparse atmosphere, like the earth, and still slowly rotate.
The model also considered the early topography of Venus.
On the planet, in all probability, was more arid regions than on the Ground, but once it had enough water and enough geographical variation to create the conditions for life and prevent rapid evaporation.
Early Venus also was in favor of the sun was 30 percent dimmer.
"According to the GISS model, the slow rotation of Venus substitutes her day facing the sun for almost two months at a time", — explained in the press release from GISS scientist Anthony Del Genio.
It warms the planet's surface and produces the rain which creates a thick layer of clouds that acts as an umbrella that protects the planet's surface on a substantial part of the sun's heat.
The result is the average climate temperature, which, surprisingly, a few degrees colder than today on Earth.
The model shows the history of Venus, similar to the development that previously believed by experts to study the planets.
Despite the fact that Venus may have been habitable, it is for several billion years were exposed to too much heat and ultraviolet radiation.
Its oceans evaporated and its water vapor were burned by ultraviolet radiation.
When its hydrogen is gone, leaving only a dense carbon dioxide atmosphere with deadly greenhouse effect — that is, Venus as we know it today.
The researchers shared the results of its new climate models of Venus in the journal Geophysical Research Letters.
Patrick Roy stepping down as coach of Avalanche
Patrick Roy has resigned as coach and Vice-President of hockey activities Colorado Avalanche on Thursday, citing a lack of influence during the decision-making process in the team.
Executive Vice President / General Manager Colorado team Joe Sakic confirmed the news and noticed that the club start looking for a new coach immediately.
"For the past three years I performed my duties of the head coach and Vice President of hockey activities Colorado Avalanche with the energy, passion and determination," said 50-year-old Roy in a statement.
During the summer I do a lot of hard thinking about how I could improve this team, to give it the necessary depth and to raise it to a higher level.
To achieve this goal, the vision of the coach and Vice-President of hockey activities should ideally coincide with the vision of the organization.
It should also have a voice in decisions that affect the work of the team.
These conditions are currently not fulfilled.
Sakic, who was hired by Roy may 23, 2013, thanked Roy for his contribution to the team.
"Patrick told me about his decision today," said Sakic.
We appreciate all that he has done for our organization and wish him success in the future.
Roy was awarded the Jack Adams Award as best coach in the League during his first season with the team Avalanche in 2013-2014.
He led the club to 112 points and winning the Central Division, but Colorado was defeated Minnesota in the first round of playoffs and lost in the playoffs the last two years.
Team Avalanche announced the rating 39-39-4 in the 2015-2016 season and five points behind team Wild in the fight for second preferential ticket to participate in the Western Conference.
Goalkeeper Hall of Fame, Roy won four Stanley cups — two with Montreal Canadiens and Avalanche.
The oilmen the North sea to resume negotiations and to suspend strike
Workers strikes on the salaries of oil workers in the North sea suspended and all sides of the debate are embarking on a new round of talks, said the leading representatives of the parties.
Strike against oil services company Wood Group sporadically was organized on platforms in the North sea, administered by Royal Dutch Shell.
"Wood Group and unions Unite and RMT can confirm that we have agreed to resume negotiations to resolve the current disputes," — said in a joint statement.
We have a few meetings for a full day for the next several weeks starting the beginning of next week to look at problems with fresh eyes.
The trade unions announced that their recent campaign, which, according to them, was the first in more than 25 years, was directed against potential pay cuts of up to 30 percent.
Company Wood Group this year cut the interest rates paid to contract employees working in the North sea, approximately 9 percent due to negative market pressures.
Lower rates by the company occurred after a 10 percent reduction in rates for contract employees working at the Bank in 2014.
According to the company, additional reductions will give her the space needed to overcome the market downturn.
Shell, for its part, has cut thousands of people and has announced plans to stop oil and gas activities in countries amount to 10, as it rationalizarea their activities as a result of its mega-merger with British energy company BG Group.
Energy companies are under pressure due to lower prices for crude oil: the economic situation has worsened because of the decision to withdraw from the European Union, adopted in June by the UK.
Scottish member of Parliament Dave Anderson met with Union leaders earlier this week to discuss one of the largest labor conflicts that have arisen in the North sea in this era.
The North sea, he said, is vital to the regional economy.
"In the North sea, and across the country, we need an economy that would work for most and not just for some," he said in a statement.
At least $1.4 billion cost for the new projects in the North sea is expected in 2016, in contrast with a mean of about $ 7 billion over the past five years.
Kepler measures the speed of rotation of stars in clusters of galaxies
The last mission of the space telescope Kepler helped astronomers to collect the most complete catalog of rotational velocities of stars belonging to the cluster of the Pleiades.
The new data help astronomers understand why the stars in the cluster rotate at different speeds and as rotation periods correlate with the formation of planets.
"We hope that comparing our results with other clusters, we learn more about the relationship between the mass of the star, its age and even history of the solar system," – said in the press release Louise Rebell, researcher, Center infrared processing and analysis at the California Institute of technology.
The cluster of the Pleiades is located in 445 light years from Earth.
Many stars in the cluster now only reach maturity; they were all born around 125 million years ago.
They spin as fast as no longer.
At their peak speeds, these adolescent stars emit large amounts of stellar wind.
Traveling through the magnetic field of stars, these winds have on the star an inhibitory effect.
With the aging of the star, the rotation speed begins to slow down.
Kepler measures the rotation rate of each star, by tracking the time between the emergence of a recognizable star spots such as sun spots.
Latest catalogue of speed suggests that more massive stars rotate slower than less massive stars.
Reball compares the star dancers: a larger pirouette slower than smaller ones.
"In the "ballet" of the Pleiades we observe that those that rotate slowly, usually more massive, whereas those which rotate faster, are typically very light the stars," said Rebull.
As the cluster of the Pleiades is so close, it serves as an ideal cosmic laboratory for comparing the properties of stars with rotation speeds.
"Star cluster of the Pleiades provides a starting point for theoretical models of stellar rotation as a Junior and senior," — said Reball.
We still have a lot I want to learn about how, where, and why stars slow down their speed of rotation and hang on a nail your "dancing shoes", so to speak.
Reball and her colleagues elaborated on its recent analysis of the rotation speeds of galaxies in three new articles, which will soon be published in the Astronomical journal.
The investigation related to the activities of the group arrested in Crimea Ukrainian saboteurs, are two offices, writes "Kommersant".
The FSB have collected evidence linking the detainees to the preparation of sabotage in the Crimea.
As previously reported, made a confession a resident of the Ukrainian city of Energodar Evgeniy Panov, who agreed to cooperate with the investigation.
According to him, as objects for sabotage, he considered the chemical plant "Titan" in Armyansk, the oil depot in Feodosiya, Kerch ferry crossing, the gas pipeline, as well as one of the military airfields.
Law enforcement officials believe that the delay was not all accomplices of saboteurs.
This, in particular, became the basis for the arrest of the suspects in the Kiev district court of Simferopol, the newspaper notes.
The main coach of Russian national team on football has become Stanislav Circassian populations
At a meeting of the Executive Committee of the Russian football Union took the decision on the appointment to the post of chief coach of the national team of Russia on football Stanislav Cherchesov.
The contract will be for two years, until the conclusion of the 2018 world Cup.
On 11 August, the Executive Committee of the RFU was appointed to the post of head coach of Russia on football Stanislav Cherchesov.
This is a known footballer, formerly played in the Moscow "Spartak" in the position of goalkeeper, and coach with solid experience who was a mentor to such Russian teams as all the same "Spartak" "the Pearl-Sochi", "Terek" "Amkar" "the Dynamo" and also Warsaw's Legia, which won the national championship and Cup.
It is reported that the contract with Cherchesov will be signed in the near future and will last two years.
Thus, he gets the duty to prepare the national team for the world championship of 2018.
It is known that his coaching staff will be Miroslav Romashchenko, Gintaras Stauce, Vladimir Panikov.
There is information according to which the salary of the coaching staff will amount to 2.6 billion euros per year.
According to media reports, the leadership of the RFU was set Stanislav Cherchesov goal is to bring Russian national team to the semi-finals and to win medals.
As stated by the coach himself, as a matter of priority he considers the creation of a competitive environment in the team and is going to give the players an opportunity to prove themselves.
Also, according to cherchesova, he is happy that the choice fell on him.
The first match under the leadership of Cherchesov, the Russian team will hold on August 31 in Antalya - it will be a friendly match with Turkish team.
We will remind, earlier the post of chief coach of Russian football team took Leonid Slutsky, combining it with coaching at the club CSKA.
He announced his resignation after a disastrous performance of the national team of Russia for Euro 2016 in France.
At the same time, he took responsibility for the poor result of the team itself.
Sandwiched between Angola and South Africa, Namibia suffered greatly during the long struggle against apartheid.
However, after independence from South Africa in 1990, the country with a population of 2.4 million people has made great strides, especially in the last few years.
The main reason for the success of Namibia is that the government pays great attention to education.
While people in developed countries take for granted free primary and secondary education in many poor countries, secondary and even elementary schools require tuition fees.
Moreover, governments are often advised to enter the training cost for "cost recovery".
However, in Namibia the teaching in elementary schools free of charge.
Moreover, in 2015 became free and secondary education.
The authorities are also actively working on other important areas.
Efforts to eliminate malaria have reduced the number of annual cases by 97% over the past ten years.
Contrary to international trends of growing inequality in Namibia is declining.
Compared to the figure of 1993, the Gini coefficient, a standard measure of inequality of income distribution fell to 15 points.
Then, 23 years ago, this figure was one of the highest in the world.
While the poverty rate fell from 69% in 1993 to less than 30%.
The number of people living in extreme poverty (less than $1,90 per day) also declined, from almost 53% to less than 23%.
Namibia is also the highest in Africa, the rating of freedom of speech, according to "Reporters without borders".
The country is significantly ahead of the United States and other rich countries.
In addition, the country has a favorable rating is one of the highest in Africa - in the "corruption perception Index", which comprised human rights activists from Transparency International.
Even now, when commodity prices are falling, Namibia manages to maintain high growth rates.
At the same time, the ratio of debt to GDP is around 25%, which is less than 1/3 the level of debt in the United States and most European countries.
Of course Namibia and some of the problems.
The unemployment rate, at least according to the traditional assessment methods still remains quite high - almost 28%.
And, like other countries in the region, in Namibia the high incidence of HIV/AIDS - almost 17% of the population are infected.
According to the world Bank, Namibia is among the countries with above-average incomes, but the authorities insist that their state really is a developing country.
Namibia, of course, faces some difficulties that are inherent in the underdeveloped economies.
The state has to develop a very big and dry country with a small population.
Throughout the country, in the deserts live isolated, nomadic tribes of hunter-gatherers that somehow needs to be integrated into modern society without losing their identity.
The integration of people who are a quarter of a century ago were on the periphery of the world economy, a difficult task for any country.
For Namibia it is even more difficult: as well as any other country in the world, she is faced with the consequences of climate change.
However, Namibia did not even think to give up, the country is facing challenges.
Almost immediately after independence the government engaged in the creation of a diversified economy and a cohesive society.
It is noteworthy that the competing political factions came together to work for the common good.
Indeed, Namibia provides cheap medical services not only to its own citizens, but also their neighbors.
About 15-20% of visitors of medical institutions in the Northern areas of Namibia - Angolan citizens.
No one in Namibia is not talking about building a wall that would have separated the country from the poor and corrupt neighbors.
Namibians understand that we cannot choose our neighbours, and therefore decided not to interfere with them, and cooperate to share scarce water resources to participate in regional health information projects to promote investments and exchange of students.
In addition, the Namibian government has rightly decided that rich natural resources can easily become a curse, contributing to the enrichment of the few at the expense of many.
The authorities understand that the income from the natural resources of Namibia needs to invest in infrastructure and production capacity.
They also realize that it would be irresponsible not to seek to maximize profits from the sale of the country's resources, and revising the investment laws and contracts for the production to make sure that this is so.
Transparency is crucial to this process, therefore, strong support by the government of freedom of speech is so important.
As noted by the head of state Hage Geingob, the media often say what they don't like.
But after the struggle for freedom from apartheid in South Africa, Namibia needs to protect the obtained freedom, the President said.
Not all the key resources of Namibia are exhaustible.
Some - such as fisheries - are renewable, and the government is making every effort to preserve and strengthen them.
Each year, more than million foreign tourists visited the country.
Namibia shows that even those countries that begin with serious flaws - racism, colonial systems, inequality and low level of development, can embark on the path to shared prosperity.
Her achievement deserves international recognition and imitation.
Many have heard about the "Gold of Varna", the oldest gold objects created by man (4600 - 4200 BC).
Perhaps, it was the biggest archaeological sensation of the 1970s in Bulgaria, during the excavations of the Varna necropolis, was found a fantastic number of gold artifacts - more than three thousand with a total weight of 6 kilogram.
Only one burial is known as "grave № 43", extracted 990 gold objects weighing more than 1.5 kg.
However, the official status of the oldest gold in the world may soon move on to the ugly-looking busine found by archaeologists in July of this year.
And again, in Bulgaria - in the prehistoric settlement known as tell the It.
Unlike Varna, the port city, tell the It is located away from the sea, near the village It is of Pazardjik district.
The bead is a Golden strip rolled into a ring.
Yavor Boyadzhiev, head of the excavation in tell the It is dated the find by 4600 BC and said that she's older than the gold of Varna is at least 200 years.
Treasures of Varna, recall, date from about the same period, 4600 - 4200 BC.
Technology, allowing excellent accuracy to date the metal, does not currently exist.
Whence confidence, what is the gold more ancient?
Obviously, Professor Boyadjiev knows more than told Reuters: "I am absolutely convinced that gold is the older It is the gold of Varna".
It is a discovery of extraordinary importance: the mind is a tiny item, but it is big enough to take its rightful place in history.
In an interview with Reuters Boyadzhiev announced that in the near future, scientists will analyze the composition of the metal, and again, and more carefully examine the archaeological layer, where were found gold artifact.
This will help to date the bead as accurately as possible.
The findings also explains a lot.
Tell the It is a settlement famous, even if you'll never heard.
Currently, tell the It is considered to be the oldest "city" of Europe.
Tel was founded by the descendants of people who migrated to Europe from Anatolia (modern Turkey) in the 7th Millennium BC.
In later centuries this region was rapidly developing metal finishing, from the development of the first metallurgical skills to create a full-fledged industry.
In Russian historiography this for the archaeological community has a special name: Balkan-Carpathian metallurgical province.
In the 5th Millennium BC, around centers of Metalworking began to experience urban-type settlements.
Now they are called the most ancient cities of Europe.
Of them tell the It is, perhaps, the most ancient, as there have been found artifacts 4900 BC.
I would call tell it is the prototype of the modern city, although it is a very ancient settlement, even compared to Mesopotamia.
"This place is older than Sumer a thousand years," says Boyadjiev, bearing in mind the generally accepted view that urban culture originated in southern Mesopotamia - modern Iraq.
There arose the first cities in the usual sense of the word.
The excavation of tell It been conducted since 1976.
During this time, archaeologists have unearthed almost 12 hectares, which is about one third of the total estimated area of the settlement.
Were found the remains of the fortress wall, which once reached three meters in height.
From houses and workshops, little has survived, but archaeologists clearly distinguish between streets, public buildings, urban dense housing, "business center" and residential suburbs.
Tell the It is often called the "Bird's town": there were found dozens of clay figures of birds.
All the birds are depicted at rest, hence the assumption that they were not decorative objects, and the object of local cult.
"Bird city" was destroyed about 4100 BC - possibly Indo-European tribes that came from the North-East.
The nomads had no cities, but there were horses and weapons.
Three-meter walls did not stop them.
Archaeologists have discovered the obvious signs of brutal massacre: inside the houses were found the remains of the elderly, women and children with traces of wounds inflicted by the battle-axes.
New findings and new facts appear every year, changing the usual understanding of the ancient history of mankind.
Bulgarian archaeologists are increasingly talking not about individual cultures, and "lost" the first civilization of Europe that originated in the Balkans.
A powerful stimulus in the search for this civilization became the "gold of Varna", found relatively recently, in 1972.
Logically, Golden Varna had something to precede something like a tiny gold beads created in tell the It.
In artificially aged Porsche 911 Targa
The official stated that training of the 911 Targa 4S Exclusive Design is conducted manually by the specialists unit, who work with serial machines.
"Retro-look" is, for example, in the special body color Blue Etna, which was developed in the 1960 model Porsche 356B - this color is painted, even the logo of the model.
In addition, the Targa got a brand new white graphics along the sides and special 20-inch wheels in RS Spyder, as well as some details of the body design painted in "white-gold metallic".
In the interior of retro lines is considerably less, it is different, by and large, gray-blue tones, new chairs with extended ranges, electrically adjustable and finished in black anodized steel sills with the logo of the unit.
In addition, when you purchase a special version of each buyer will receive a free cover for the vehicle and richly decorated photo album of the production process.
Powerplant experts of Porsche Exclusive did not touch: retro-Targa characteristics are quite the same as the serial.
It is equipped with a six-cylinder engine with a turbocharger with a volume of 3.0 liters, developing 420 HP and 500 Nm.
The most dynamic version of the 911 Targa 4S is capable of accelerating to 100 km/h in 4 seconds.
Porsche 911 Targa 4S Exclusive Design is a limited edition, but neither its volume, nor the cost of each specific sports car are not reported.
Facebook and ad blockers unleashed "arms race"
The recent introduction of Facebook technology prevents the hiding of advertising on the pages of social networks, has provoked the developers to ad-blocking on the response.
In AdBlock Plus has released "the antidote", but Facebook is planning to do and its useless.
So AdBlock Plus advertised their new technology, which is likely to remain effective for long
Representatives of the social network noted that, in order to deceive the new technology of "non-blocking" ads, decision of AdBlock Plus along with commercial ads blocks and a regular post from friends or pages.
In Facebook expressed regret such a policy, AdBlock Plus, and promised soon to solve the problem.
As has told a source among the developers of the social network TechCrunch, the code that make AdBlock Plus useless on desktop site Facebook, will be ready within the next hours.
Thus, the social network and blockers unleashed a kind of "arms race", trying to beat each other, the injured side were users who miss cool stuff from friends or seen advertisements, where not used to see her.
Ethical aspects of ad-blocking has recently attracted heated debate.
In Murmansk, the rapist will stand trial · the Evening Murmansk.
His work already was done to investigate the Investigative Committee of the Russian Federation in the Murmansk region.
Charged 54-year-old man is very serious - violent actions of a sexual nature.
The investigation established that at the end of November 2015 the accused in the street Pavlova in Murmansk made actions of sexual character with application of violence against 20-year-old girl.Criminal case with the approved indictment is directed for consideration in essence.
The sanction of specified article prescribes the maximum punishment in the form of deprivation of liberty for a term up to six years.
Dongfeng will bring to Russia crosswan Fengguang 370 and pickup Rich New website For the wheel www.zr.ru
Dongfeng Fengguang 370 - representative gaining popularity in China of the car class, combines the advantages of a minivan and crossover.
Another statement by the Russian Prime Minister - the pickup New Rich.
Many Western firms the Moscow international motor show this year have decided to ignore, so the emptiness of the exhibition halls of "Crocus Expo" will fill the Chinese firm.
In particular, a strong front will be made by the Dongfeng Motor Corporation, has big plans for the Russian market and deliberate in the near future to offer our drivers a number of interesting novelties.
One of them will be crosswan Dongfeng Fengguang 370 went on sale in China this spring at a price of 55 900 yuan (slightly less than 550 thousand rubles at current exchange rate).
The Russians that price is unlikely to Shine, and the question on deliveries in our country is still in the discussion stage.
In China, by the way, Fengguang 370 according to the results of the June sales managed to reach 11th place in the list of best-selling minivans, although due to the large ground clearance (175 mm) and a protective plastic body kit along the lower perimeter of the body it can be attributed to the crossovers.
Crosswan built on a front-drive platform of the older model Fengguang 360, 370 th same wheelbase 2725 mm, but the body is slightly longer (4565 mm 4510 mm), solid design, and equipment richer.
The salon is decorated with wooden laths, but shown in photo large vertical touch screen "like Tesla" on the center console was only in the early exhibition copies of crossway and sale of machine "music" is easier.
Five of the seven seats are easy to fold to form a flat loading Bay with a length of 1650 mm, the maximum boot capacity - 1500 L.
Engine for Fengguang 370 provides only one - a 1.5-liter "aspirated" power of 115 HP, connected to a 5-speed manual transmission.
The dynamic qualities of the machine manufacturer modestly silent, but promises sparing the budget holder appetite at 6.7 l/100 km.
Pickup is Rich New - it is familiar to Russians Nissan NP300 Navara last generation, but with a slightly refined Chinese stylists design.
Despite the outdated design, this model still enjoys a steady demand from Chinese consumers as a reliable and undemanding workhorse.
For similar price New Rich will surely be interested in the Russians, because modern Japanese pick-UPS have become prohibitively expensive.
Rich New is equipped with two engines to choose from: a gasoline 2.4 l (137 HP) or a 2.5 l turbodiesel (116 HP).
Transmission - only mechanics drive to the rear wheels, but there are modifications and rigidly connected to the "front".
Will be at the booth Dongfeng and the new flagship A9 sedan, its Russian premiere of mission Chinese firm announced in June.
Inventory of crossview in the Chinese market is becoming more one of the latest innovations - Cowin V3 and X7 SWM.
Currently, the Russian line of Dongfeng consists of two models: sedan S30 and H30 Cross hatchback.
For seven months of this year dealers of Chinese firms have implemented in our country 696 machines.
A notice to the vehicle tax will no longer be sent by mail website driving www.zr.ru
The tax Inspectorate has changed the order of notification on property taxes.
All Russian car owners have become accustomed to not changing the years of the scheme: summer and fall, they receive a receipt for payment of vehicle tax for the previous year.
However, this year many of them will not wait.
The fact that the tax office has quietly changed the procedure for the notification of citizens.
Those who registered in the "Personal Cabinet of the taxpayer" on the official website of the Department nalog.ru notices will come in electronic form.
In the inspection automatically considered those Russians online users and erased from the standard "paper" mailing.
Innovation will affect all vehicle owners, and real estate.
Everyone else will still receive the usual letter.
However, the opportunity to return to the old scheme and the account holders on the website.
For this they will have in August to visit the tax office and write a statement.
On the one hand, the new order is modern and comfortable.
A notification will appear in the "personal Cabinet" immediately after the preparation, whereas a letter will go several days and it can all be lost.
In addition, the number of users of the Internet service of the tax Inspectorate exceeded 18 million, which would allow the Agency to make substantial savings on postage.
On the other hand, a modest news site inspection is clearly insufficient to inform citizens about the changed order.
Some were able to register in "personal Cabinet" to get a one-time service, and long forgotten about it.
These people will not wait for notification by mail and, without knowing it, fall into the category of defaulters with all the ensuing consequences.
Access to the "Personal Cabinet of the taxpayer" is carried out in three ways: through the account portal gosuslugi.ru using electronic signature or enter the login and password specified in the registration card.
The latter can be obtained in person at any tax office (regardless of place of registration).
We remind you that this year the transport tax should be paid by 1 December.
Sending notifications began in July.
Tuning Mercedes-Benz G-class, which improvements are aimed at achieving very high efficiency, - a thing in itself.
But controversial concept did not bother the masters of the company G-Power, which undertook the modification of sportverein Mercedes-AMG G 63.
G-Power is known for his passion for cars BMW, but nothing human to her alien masters.
Indeed, why not improve G 63 - 571-strong flying sledgehammer with the aerodynamics of the tank and dispersal to hundred in 5.4?
Pumping "muscle" crazy "gelika", the master took advantage of the benefits offered by a 5.5-liter supercharged "eight".
But the dynamics of dispersal to hundred has improved by 0.1 s are indistinguishable, and now a flying "brick" is able to dash in 5.3 s.
However, acceleration with average speeds certainly given him much better.
The ceiling rate is frightening: if the standard G 63 faster than 210 km/h does not go, tuning SUV with deactivated electronic "collar" to be capable of 250 km/h.
Outside the car is almost indistinguishable from a factory original, except for other wheels and 23-inch Hurricane RR dimension 305/35 ZR 23.
Luxury division Mercedes-Benz has announced a striking concept coupe with a length of 6 m, which will represent in the Contest of elegance at pebble beach.
Mercedes-Benz is going to compete with "green sub-brand" BMW i, and will promote their electric models under a separate brand.
In the coming years is expected to appear at least four eco-friendly new products.
