The 28-year-old cook is found dead in the San Francisco shopping center
The 28-year-old cook, who recently moved to San Francisco, was found dead in the stairwell of a local shopping centre this week.
However, the victim's brother says that he cannot imagine someone who would cause him pain, noting: "at last, he was going to the lads."
- The body found in Westfield Mall on Wednesday morning, was identified as a 28-year-old San Francisco resident Frank Galicia, the San Francisco medical examiner's office reported.
The San Francisco Police Department reports that the death has been classified as murder and an investigation is underway.
The victim's brother, Luis Galicia, told the ABC in San Francisco that Frank, the past chef of the distribution line in Boston, got his dream job as a cook at the San Francisco's Barnes & Daughters restaurant six months ago.
A spokesman for the Sons & Daughters said they were "shocked and appalled" by his death.
"We are a small team that works as a friendly family and will not be able to boast," the spokesman said.
Our thoughts and condolences to the family and friends of Frank during this difficult period.
Luis Galicia said that Frank first stayed in the hostels, but recently "Finally something things he has going on."
"He found an apartment, he met a girl," Luis Galicia told KGO.
Luis Galicia said he couldn't imagine someone who would hurt his younger brother.
He had a good soul and a great heart.
His way of communication with the family was always to prepare us some dish, prepare us dinner, "said Luis Galicia.
He never wanted to be implicated in any quarrel.
He was the brother who was floating around.
"In all the bad things that happen to this world, he was that unfenced diamond that brightly shone every day," he said.
Everyone who owns the information is asked to call the hot Line SFPD at 415-575-4444.
Churkin said the UN meeting on Crimea was useful.
The permanent representative of the Russian Federation, Vitaly Churkin, said that the past meeting of the UN Security Council on Crimea was helpful, Interfax reports.
"I believe the discussion was helpful for us and we provided them with information about what happened," Churkin said.
He explained that in the closed consultations of the Council he presented to Member States information about incidents on the territory of the Republic of Crimea and read a statement from the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation, which "expresses concern and outrage over the attempted terrorist attack and sabotage on the territory of the Republic of Crimea."
Russia's men's national team got to the final of the combined relay relay 4 to 100 m.
Russia's men managed to reach the final of the combined relay of 4 to 100 meters in swimming at the Olympics in Rio de Janeiro.
Anton Chupkov, Yevgeny Koptelov, Alexander Sukharukov and Grigory Tarasevich presented the Russians in qualifications.
They sailed the distance in 3 minutes 32.95 seconds.
The Russians showed the sixth result.
In the preliminary round the best time for the British is 3 minutes 30.47 seconds.
The final will take place late in the evening on Saturday.
Russian rapier ists defeated the Americans and went into the final of the tournament.
The Russian conference on fencing came out in the final of the team tournament at the Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro.
In the semi-finals, Russian athletes beat the American team with a score of 45: 41.
The final will take place at 00.30, with the team of France, which in the semi-final won a match with the Italians with a score of 45: 30.
Russian chess player came out in the 1 / 8 finals of the Olympics
Russian judo ist Renat Saidov on Friday Austrian Daniel Alerstorfer in the 1 / 16 final of the Olympics in the category over 100 kg, the competition website reported.
In one eighth final, the Russians will meet with Brazilian Rafael Silva.
Two of the four gold medals at the Russian Olympics have been brought to.
Beslan Mudranov became the best in the weight category up to 60 kg, Hassan Khalmurzaev - in the category up to 81 kg.
At the moment, the Russian team is seventh in the copper patch with 19 awards.
The size of Italy's public debt has increased to record highs
The size of Italy's public debt in June 2016 exceeded 2.248 trillion euros.
In the country's central bank said the amount is historical highs, RIA Novosti reports.
The former negative record was set in May of this year.
Then the size of the national debt reached 2.375 trillion euros.
It is noted that for the first half of the year, Italy's debt load rose by 77.2 billion euros.
It was previously reported that at the end of 2015, Italy's public debt amounted to 132.7% of the country's GDP.
Meanwhile, the Italian Minister of Economy and Finance, Pierre Carlo Padoan predicted a reduction in 2016 to 130.9% and in 2018 to 123.4% of GDP.
The airport payments received 141 victims from the terrorist attack in Domodedovo. "
141 people received charitable payments from the "Aviation Fund, which was created by the management of Domodedovo Airport in aid of the victims of the terrorist attack in 2011, Interfax reported.
According to the press secretary of the Alexander Vlasov airport, two more statements are now on the inquiry.
"On the part of the fund continue to address the existing issues, charitable payments to the victims of are continuing and a comprehensive assistance has been made to address existing issues," Vlasov, reminding that the fund's website was created added that the fund's website was created to facilitate the engagement with the victims, containing full information on the procedure for providing charitable assistance.
In 2011, in the hall of the foreign airlines Domodedovo.
As a result of the attack killed 37 people.
Scientists have found an animal that can live 500 years
An international team of biologists has concluded that the most long-lived vertebrate animal is the Greenland polar shark, which can live for about 500 years, RT.
Scientists conducted a radiocarbon analysis of the lens of 28 Greenland sharks.
The largest shark, the length of which exceeds five metres, can be from 272 to 512 years.
Biologists believe that an important role in the longevity of acne plays a low metabolism, which leads to slow development.
Females of the Greenland shark reach a maturity of only 150 years.
It was previously thought that the longer of all vertebrate animals lives a "neighbour" of the shark - the Greenland whale.
The oldest special, known to scientists, was a little over 210 years old.
Putin has changed the composition of the Council of the Russian Federation.
Russian President Vladimir Putin by his decree made changes to the composition of the Russian Security Council, the Kremlin press service said.
Earlier, it was revealed that Mr Putin had removed the head of the administration of President Sergei Ivanov, his successor appointed Anton Vaino.
Ivanov will now work as a special representative of the president on environmental protection, ecology and transport.
The number of permanent members of the RF Security Council, the Council of the Council.
The council included Sergei Ivanov, Anton Vaino, the president in the SFO and a regiment in the Federal Federal District, Nikolai Tsukanov.
Sergei Ivanov is relieved of his position as head of the presidential administration.
President Sergei Ivanov is released from his post as head of the Kremlin administration.
Ivanov is appointed special representative of the Russian Federation for environmental activities, ecology and transport.
Anton Vino, formerly Deputy Sergei Ivanov, was appointed as the new head of the administration.
According to Vladimir Putin, Ivanov himself asked him to transfer to another job.
Is it worth going to the sanatorium if there are no health problems?
Our expert is the chief physician of the sanatorium Olga Bogush.
And if a person is healthy, just tired of work, is it worth it to go to the sanatorium?
A spa holiday is necessary not only for treatment, but also for prevention of diseases.
In conditions of a sanatorium, a person can check the condition of his body and get the advice of the doctor, how to live so that his health is not destroyed.
No such recommendations will be given to anyone.
"Just tired of working" is an important signal of the body, it is not worth to be dismissed.
Constant stress, mental and physical fatigue can lead to depression and chronic fatigue syndrome.
And stress is about 90% of those coming.
The most vulnerable people from large cities between the ages of 45 and 55.
So it's better not to complicate the situation and give yourself time to rest.
Research shows that 98% of people reduce their biological age during their stay in the sanatorium.
Modern sanatoriums offer a comfortable rest for the whole family.
So if you want to spend your holiday with your children, you won't have to break them.
For children, even the smallest ones, wellness programs, which include diagnostic services, pediatrician consultations, tests and treatment.
For example, swimming (in many sanatoriums there are children's pools), inhalation, special diet, massages, oxygen cocktails, curative physical culture.
The course of procedures determines the doctor taking into account the individual testimony and characteristics of the growing organism.
In addition, the sanatoriums usually run a children's club with animators, where children can attend games, various master classes.
Some sanatoriums open their doors even for guests with infants, provide the necessary conditions and provide the services of an experienced nanny.
The mild winter, long summer, plenty of sunny days in the year (over 300) create good conditions for a year-round holiday at the resorts of the Caucasus Mineral Waters.
And then the body needs rest not only in summer.
So don't be afraid of the weather behind the window, especially since most procedures are indoors and don't depend on the season.
In general, spa treatment is desirable twice a year, especially people of mature age.
The main chip of the region of the Caucasus Mineral Vod, of course, curative mineral springs: Slavyanovsky, Smirnovsky, Essentuki, Narzan.
Their water has unique properties and impacts on various systems of the body.
Water is distinguished by temperature, quantity of salts, general mineralization, chemical and gas composition.
The doctor chooses the water according to the patient's well-being.
Thus, Narzan has anti-inflammatory, immunomodulatory action, restores functions of gastrointestinal tract and metabolism.
"Essentuki - 4" affects the gastrointestinal tract, reducing sugar levels.
"Essentuki new" has anti-inflammatory, galloping and urinary action.
The water "Slavyanskaya" has the same effects. "
When water, the doctor necessarily takes into account the state of the cardiovascular system.
If there are signs of hypertension, it picks up less salty water, because the salt delays the fluid, leading to an increase in pressure.
Reception of mineral water requires adherence to the regime: water should be drunk at a certain time, in the desired quantity and specific temperature.
Various cosmetic treatments for the face and body in sanatoriums.
What types of recovery based on the natural features of the North Caucasus can be obtained at the resorts of this region?
Near the Pygorsk, for example, there is a salt lake Tambukan, the mud of which is useful for joints, spine, internal organs.
It has an anti-inflammatory, suction, anti-inflammatory effect.
This wellness walk individually drawn routes.
They are particularly popular in Kislovodsk, where there is a huge Resort park (the second largest in Europe).
Popular in Kislovodsk, which is located in the vicinity of the Narzan mineral spring. "
There you can also take baths of wine, pearl, iodine, selenium, shallot-lacric, depending on what you will appoint a doctor.
The.
What to make the harvest go until the end of the season?
Says Julia Belopukhov, agribusiness and dacha.
The high pressure tomato is it's time to put a haircut: remove the new ones, cut off the macula, remove all leaves to the penultimate brush with the sauce and the flower with small.
All tomatoes, regardless of the "constitution," as well as pepper and are fed by the zoning-superphosphate extract, processing the, and the growth of the fruit, - if there are pests).
One of the chemicals at the end of the summer is the use of only copper colloidal sulphur and green soap.
We make the last watering of plants.
The bottom of the stem of the stem (25-40 cm) has been laid on the ground, polished by warm water and a solution of the circus, and 5-7 cm of compost.
It is also easy to extend the carbake's dam: cut old leaves, pour warm water and a solution of a complex fertilizers, feed the fertile soil under the bush.
In order to protect from night cold, set the arc with shelter material.
During the day of the plant, keep open and after the sunset close.
Signs of the end.
What indicates that Russia is coming out of the crisis?
Economists saw signs of Russia's exit from the longest recession in twenty years.
Analysts surveyed by Bloomberg analysts, the GDP of the Russian Federation shows positive dynamics - in the second quarter of GDP, GDP declined by 0.8% in annual terms.
This indicator is minimal since the beginning of 2015.
According to the latest Rosstat data, the decline of the Russian economy in the second quarter slowed to 0.6%.
The Central Bank and the Ministry of Economic Development recently also announced the stabilization of the situation.
Ahead is slow growth.
According to experts of the CBR, the recession in the Russian economy has remained in the past.
"The index estimate of Russian GDP suggests that the recession has been left behind, and ahead is the slow growth of the economy," the Bank of Russia's bulletin on the. "
The modular estimate of GDP for the current quarter by the specialists of the regulator increased to 0.4%, the estimate for the fourth quarter is 0.5%.
According to the Ministry of Economic Development, during the second quarter the GDP declined in the second quarter to 0.2%.
In the second quarter, the seasonally adjusted GDP fell 0.2% to the previous quarter.
But during the quarter, the decline stopped: in April it was 0.2%, and in May and June the GDP changed within 0-0.15, "RIA Novosti quoted a representative of the as saying.
The slowdown in the decline of the Russian economy over the past five quarters indicates that it is "the bottom."
Among other markers pointing to signs of a revival of the national economy, Bloomberg calls an increase in demand for electricity and rail transportation, a revival of business.
If you make an amendment to that year, it is clear that the dynamics in plus 1% of electricity consumption can be half due to additional working day.
This is a lower average annual temperature in the first quarter.
The next argument is the growth of freight traffic, but it is difficult to obtain accurate data, and plus or minus 0.5% of the semi-annual volume can also be explained by the seasonality, "explains Kirill Jakovenko of.
However, there are other, more obvious signs of stabilization of the Russian economy.
For example, lowering price pressures.
In July, the consumer price index was up 7.2% compared to 15.6% in the same month last year.
Moreover, the last two weeks Rosstat is fixing deflation.
Prices in Russia decreased for the first time in five years.
If you look at the dynamics of the ruble exchange rate, which, although showed strong fluctuations at the beginning of the year, the results of August have strengthened by 12% since the beginning of the year.
This is also one of the signs of recovery, followed by indicators from the real sector of the economy, "Yakovenko emphasizes.
In addition, since April there has been an increase in the volume of industrial production.
In June, the rate rose by 1.7%.
The rate of foreign trade turnover from -32.8% in January 2016 to -20.7% in May is slowing.
The positive dynamics also demonstrate the situation in the labour market, where the unemployment rate dropped to 5.4%.
Below it was only in September 2015 (5.2%).
Despite the successful situation in the labour market, the issue with the real disposable income of the population leaves much to be desired.
In annual terms, the figure is down by 4.8 per cent.
This factor can drive economic recovery, as household spending contributes to GDP.
As a rule, in the structure of economy their share exceeds 50 per cent.
In addition to low consumer activity, as a risk factor for economic growth, it is also possible to call a tough policy of the Bank of Russia.
The regulator holds a rate of 10.5%, which does not best affect the real sector.
A negative factor is not a high level of investment, which hinders the development of industrial potential.
But in general, it can be assumed that by the end of the year the rate of decline of the Russian economy will slow to -0.5% against -3.7% in 2015, "says Irina Rogova, analyst at the Group Forex Club.
The process of naturalization of athletes, recently launched in Russian football and excellent in winter sports at the Olympics in Sochi, is not so actively developed in summer sports.
If in the Olympic Games in Rio for Russia and former foreigners, then in most cases it is the native of the former Soviet Union.
But in Rio de Janeiro we can observe the reverse process - quite a large number of Russians stand under the flags of other states.
In each case, the history of change of citizenship is different.
Some parents were taken to another country as early as childhood, leaving no choice.
Someone did not hold competition for a place in the Russian national team.
And someone thought that the best conditions for development in sport will be created abroad.
"AiF.ru" found at least 16 athletes who decided to change their Russian citizenship.
In the German passport of the 27-year-old girl is written that her name is Lisa Knight.
But earlier she was, of course, Elizabeth.
She was born in 1988 in the city of Omsk.
Just four years later, as soon as the Soviet Union collapsed, Liza's parents decided to emigrate to Germany.
The girl had no choice.
There, she decided to go in the footsteps of her elder sister - to indulge in athletics.
As well as her sister, Lisa chose to jump from the garage.
It is unlikely to be able to "pin down" Elena Isinbaev.
Unfortunately, at the Rio Olympics, Lisa will be the only countryman, though former, in the sector to jump.
Her best achievements in this kind of sport are bronze in the 2010 European Championship and silver continental championship in 2016, which she won again in the absence of Elena Isinbaeva.
The 29-year-old Elena Pirozhkova was born in Novokuznetsk in 1986.
Her parents are religious evangelists of the evangelical direction.
In many ways because of their faith they left in the USA when the girl was only three years old.
In addition to Elena, eight more children grew up in the family.
They all lived in the small town of Greenfield in Massachusetts.
Lena began to enjoy the fight still in school.
Showing good results, she moved to the city of Colorado Springs, where she continued classes under the leadership of another former Russian Vladislav Sjuggernaut.
At the 2012 Olympics in London, Elena lost in her first bout.
But at the World Cup in the same year - a victory.
Before that, she had managed to win silver at the 2010 world championships.
After that, there were bronze for 2013 and silver of 2014.
The 26-year-old Maria was born in the city of Yaroslavl, where for the first time and met with synchronous swimming.
But to say that it was brought up by our coaches in Russia would be wrong.
Soon the girl's family decided to emigrate to the USA and settle in the city of Colorado.
There Maria continued her classes.
Soon she was part of the US national team and showed great results at the Pan American Games.
It is understandable that at a serious international level, it cannot compete at a serious international level, but for America its indicators are ceiling.
The new name, which in Russian sounds strange, Christina Shaldybin received in 11 years when her parents decided to continue teaching the girls of artistic gymnastics behind the scenes.
Until then, the girl was engaged in a favorite sport in her native Yaroslavl.
Having emigrated to the USA, she quickly entered the youth assembly of this country, and later broke into the main national team.
At the Pan American Games, the 19-year-old Kristen won gold and silver.
For the first position on the world stage, she certainly did not have to fight, but for the USA she organized a real breakthrough - the star-striped team for the Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro.
Another of our former "artist" is Jan Berezo-Marggrander, who stands for Germany.
Yana was born in Tolyatti.
In 2008, when the girl was 13 years old, the family decided to move to Germany - there the girl had more prospects to get into the national assembly.
Soon she had already represented her country at the 2012 Olympic Games in London.
There, though, Ian was able to take only 17 place, insufficient to get into the final competition in the personal championship.
But in the two years before that, she had managed to win the bronze medal of the Olympic Games - Youth.
Another gymnast, only this time sports - Irina Sazonov.
If the paths of emigration mentioned earlier can be described as standard, the choice of Irina's family is very unusual - Iceland.
Is an educator of the Volgograd Sports School.
Naturally, in Iceland it became the champion of the country.
However, Iira's training is still in Russia - specially coming to the homeland to not lose skill.
In Rio, she was not as successful as she would have liked.
The best place is 40 in a personal lot.
There is very little information about Maria Ugolova's swimsuit in the Russian information space.
For a very long time, Maria lives and trains in Switzerland.
However, for a long time she has performed under the Russian flag, showing good results - there was even a record of a country at a distance of 200 meters batterf.
In 2015, she received Swiss citizenship and began performing under the red-white flag.
In Rio, her best performance is 14th place in the 4 × 100 complex relay.
To get to the games, the girl launched a crowdfunding project, which was able to collect about 6 thousand francs, which allowed her to pay for the Olympics.
The 31-year-old wrestler, Adam Batirov, spent almost his entire career under the Russian flag.
During this time the native of Hasavyurt managed to become a three-time winner of the European championships, the champion of Russia, the master of sports of Russia of the international class.
When it stopped entering our national assembly, it was time to think about a change of citizenship.
For several years, the talented wrestler disappeared from the sport.
A triumphant return took place at the Asian Cup of 2016 - Batirov already represented Bahrain, for which he won a gold medal and received a medal on the Rio Olympics.
Another ex-Russian, Mikhail Kudinov, is known even less in his homeland than even the Swiss swimmer Maria Ugolkov.
The fact is that his parents emigrated from Vladivostok to New Zealand when the boy was very small.
It was there that Mikhail and started practicing gymnastics.
He did not succeed at the international level.
In Rio, his best result was 40 place in qualifying on parallel bars.
But for New Zealand, even getting to the Olympics in gymnastics is already a breakthrough.
When Nasta, born in Moscow in 1985, was only 9 years old, her family emigrated to Israel.
There the girl continued her sessions of synchronous swimming, showing high results at the national level.
In 2014, at the European Championships in Berlin, the girl ranked 6th in synchronous swimming.
In duo with Evgeniy Tetelbaum Anastasia took eighth place.
In the solo program she was the fifth.
As Anastasia, 23-year-old Dmitry Croyter stands for Israel.
When the boy was only 6 years old, his mother made the decision to repatriate to Israel.
In 2009 at 17, Dmitry already became the champion of the country.
That same year, he won in the Youth World Championship.
A year later, Crowther wins the gold of the Youth Olympics in Singapore.
In addition to jumping in height, Dmitry deals with jumps in length and triple jump.
The 31-year-old Albert is another native of Khasavyurt, who, after long speeches for Russia, decided to change his nationality.
However, unlike Batirov, Albert chose Romania, which he will represent in Rio.
In Russia, he performed for the School of Higher Sports Excellence of Krasnoyarsk, in 2011 even becoming the champion of the country.
The 28-year-old Oleg Antonov was born in Moscow in the family of the player of the USSR national volleyball team Yaroslav Antonov.
Literally a year before the birth of son Jaroslav was recognized as the best volleyball player of the planet.
Soon he made the decision to pursue a career in Italy.
The same family and left for permanent residence.
In 2015, as part of the national team became a bronze medal winner of the European Championship, held on the territory of his new homeland.
Hajiev was born in Chechnya in 1994 and got together with his family in the midst of war.
Ten years later, the parents decided to emigrate.
The original goal was Norway, but in this northern country it was not possible - had to go to France, to Nice.
There, Zelimhan continued to teach freestyle wrestling.
Soon he won the Junior World Championship, and later qualified for the Olympics.
In Rio, he will be France's only representative in the wrestling tournament.
And again freestyle wrestling, and again a former Russian.
This time it will be about the owner of North Ossetian native who emigrated to Spain.
He was awarded Spanish citizenship at the end of December 2012, he and he currently stands for the country's team.
Before that, however, the 30-year-old athlete managed to mark high results in Russia.
He became a bronze winner of the 2007 and 2008 championships.
The charter from non-entry into the assembly, Tymaz decided to change his nationality.
The last on our list goes a Chechen boxer who was born in 1995 in the capital of Dagestan Makhachkala, - Artur Biyarslanov.
When the boy was ten years old, the parents took the family through Azerbaijan to Canada.
There Arthur on the advice of his older brother started boxing.
Since then, Arthur has become a champion of Canada three times, and in 2012 he became a world champion among young people.
In 2015, Biyarslav won the gold of the Pan American Games, the first for his new homeland since 1975.
The head of the administration of the Russian President Anton Vaino.
On Friday, August 12, Vladimir Putin appointed Anton Vino the head of the administration of the Russian president.
Earlier this position was held by Sergei Ivanov.
"The head of state by his decree appointed Anton Vino the Head of the Administration of the President of the Russian Federation, freeing him from the occupied office," said the decree signed by Putin and published on the Kremlin website.
Since May 2012, Vaino was deputy leader of the administration of the Russian Federation.
Anton Vino was born on February 17, 1972 in Tallinn.
Father - Eduard Vaino, Chairman of the Business Council of Cuba-Russia at the Chamber of Commerce and Industry of the Russian Federation and vice president for external relations and interaction with shareholders of OAO AvtoVAZ.
He is the first secretary of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of Estonia.
In 1996 he graduated from the Moscow State Institute of International Relations of the Russian Foreign Ministry, faculty of international relations.
From 1996 to 2001 he worked at the Russian Embassy in Japan, then in the Second Department of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Russia.
From 2002 to 2004, he held various positions in the Office of the President of the Russian Federation.
From 2004 to 2007 - Deputy Chief of Protocol and Organizational Management of the President of the Russian Federation.
From 2007 to 2007, the first deputy leader of the protocol of the President of the Russian Federation.
From October 2007 to April 2008 - Deputy Head of the Government of the Russian Federation.
On April 25, 2008, he was appointed Head of the Protocol of the Head of the Government of the Russian Federation, Deputy Head of the Staff of the RF Government.
From December 27, 2011 - Minister of the Russian Federation - Head of Staff of the Government of the Russian Federation.
On May 22, 2012 he was appointed Deputy Head of the Administration of the President of the Russian Federation.
Fluent in English and Japanese.
A valid state adviser of the Russian Federation 1 class (class chin assigned to the President's Decree of January 22, 2008)
The Honorary Diploma of the President of the Russian Federation (16 February 2012) for merit in ensuring the activities of the Government of the Russian Federation and longstanding fair work.
Thanks to the President of the Russian Federation (24 November 2005) for his achievements in the preparation and carrying out of solemn events dedicated to the 60th anniversary of Victory in the Great Patriotic War.
Married, has a son.
Why are the children of Cossack classes in schools?
According to Governor V. Kondratyev, "Kazakhs need to raise not shares and parades, but systemically."
They must grow and at least 7 years understand that they are Cossacks and education should be Cossack.
But while this work, it seems to me, is being conducted formally and, I suspect, more on paper.
If Cossack classes absorb all the positive things that have been accumulated earlier, at a qualitatively new level, I will be glad.
If all of the hype and unknowable like, the new idea will turn cheap populism.
Housing continues to be one of the most criminal sectors of the country's economy.
There is an encroachment on funds allocated to the needs of the communal sphere from budgets of different levels.
According to the Prosecutor's Office, inflated tariffs are one of the most common crimes in the sphere of housing.
As a result, the region's consumers paid more than 170 million roubles.
Recently, the Krasnodar Territory prosecutor's office revealed facts of inclusion in tariffs of unreasonable costs.
And in the expenses of "R-consulting" LLC (cold water), 4 million roubles were laid for rent of cars at the price above market.
And there are such examples in the country.
According to the Ministry of the Russian Federation, the average collection of payments from the population is 94%.
He is charged immediately under several articles of the Criminal Code: waste of income obtained by criminal means, abuse of powers, etc.
According to the version of the investigation, as the head of the fund, which was engaged in repairs of city facilities, Makarov concluded contracts with businessmen, work on them was actually not fulfilled, but paid.
Businessmen simply returned to him most of the money.
And as the owner of the company, Makarov money from the population collected, but the service providers did not pay and spend them on their needs.
As a result, the damage to the budget and the tenants is millions of rubles.
Makarov's scheming scheme, alas, is typical of Russia.
A whole wave of arrests and detentions of UK executives across the country.
On Kamchatka the trial of A. Kohan, by the way, is also a former deputy of the City Council, who is accused of machinations of 91.7 million roubles.
According to the version of the investigation, in 2012-2013 in Elimevo Kamchatsky Krai, he founded 6 management companies and created 3 limited liability companies.
One of them was for the company, two others played the role of settlement-cash centers, that is, taking money from the population.
However, A. Kohan's energy was not enumerated, but spent on himself, a loved one.
It is quite difficult to judge in the sphere of housing and communal services sector.
Things are not excited, tightening.
And "it helps" in this extremely complicated housing legislation, - believes Svetlana Razklneva, executive director of the NHS "Housing Control."
We do not have time to earn one law as we invent a new one, which must force the previous one.
There are few specialists, including judges few on the issues of housing.
The lawyers themselves admit that the housing law in universities is paid very little attention.
The criminal cases, the in the investigation of the investigations speak to the Prosecutor's Office and the Prosecutor's Office.
In 2015, 3.5 thousand crimes in the court for less than half.
The rest of the investigation took a protracted character, and each fifth suspended in connection with the establishment of the accused.
Often the shortcomings in the activity of law enforcement agencies are put into the gaps in the current legislation.
The law is there, but the authorities are in no hurry to excite and investigate such cases.
In the second half of 2015, there were about 230 reports of forgery - only 60 criminal cases were initiated.
In the 5 months of the current year, their number increased only slightly - 99.
What is the fraud of the meeting?
This means that the change of house management, financial and other issues goes to bypassing the opinions of the owners.
And this means that the market of housing and communal services cannot trial normal companies who want to work honestly, rather than "milking" the population.
It turns out, the tenants are in a minus, small and medium business, too.
First of all, by eliminating corruption as such in the whole state, "said Anton Zharkov, a member of the State Duma Committee on Property Issues.
And now this work is actively underway.
This is not just a single action - it is a targeted course on the fight against corruption.
Of course, not all regions are such a sad situation.
In particular, in the capital scandals and does not smell.
Why there are no such scandals in the housing sector as in many other regions?
Because the capital government showed an iron will and order, "said Anatoly Vyborny, a member of the State Duma Committee on Security and Anti-Corruption.
I mean both the personnel issue and the legislative amendments and the legal education.
Surveillance has been established for managing companies and they all went through licensing.
Residents "complaints are promptly solved in public space (and the circulation of the occupants, and the response measures are placed on the portal of the government of Moscow).
Many do not just pay monthly receipts, but keep a close eye on what is written there as a house.
Awareness among the population about the rights of owners and obligations of resource-supplying and managing organizations is very high.
Plus Moscow checks the validity of tariffs for housing and communal services - a large part of the budget goes to subsidies and benefits for numerous categories of the population.
Probably all this together and explains the calm situation in Moscow.
Comes out, everything is caught up in the will of the regional authorities?
Maybe it is free to change the place of work?
Turkish gambit.
Will Erdogan be able to give up friendship with the EU and the US?
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan has put forward the US ultimatum, offering a choice between Turkey and Fethullah Gulen, an Islamic preacher accused of organizing a coup.
He announced this, speaking to his supporters in Ankara.
Erdogan urged Americans to reject the support of the "terrorist organization fatullah young anarchists."
This is not the first statement from Turkey, in which the US is calling for a change in its position.
Experts believe that the rift in Turkey's relations with the West is increasingly mounting and could lead to a new attempt to change power in the country.
"Sooner or later, America will make a choice between Turkey and.
Either organizing coups fot or democratic Turkey.
She should make that choice, "the Anatolian news agency quoted Anatolian as saying on Wednesday evening in Ankara.
The President of Turkey once again, but has already demanded that the US to fulfill his demand, announced for the first time immediately after the suppression of the Nazis.
Let us recall that on the night of July 16 in Turkey, senior representatives of the Turkish army attempted to overthrow the legitimate authority in the country, as well as the attempted assassination of the head of state.
However, after Recep Tayyip Erdogan addressed the population, the mutiny was suppressed and its organizers and participants arrested.
At least 8 thousand people were under suspicion, who, in addition to the military, were teachers and scientists.
According to Recep Erdogan, their mentor was Fethullah Gulen, who lives in Pennsylvania in the U.S.
Erdogan's supporters also admitted that Americans could be complicit in the coup.
In the United States, all claims in his address by refusing to extradite Gulen and advised to change the tone.
The last statement by representatives of the State Department to this account came at the moment of Erdogan's visit to St. Petersburg last Tuesday.
However, this does not stop Turkey's president - he insists on his and also puts demands on other Western partners.
"Ankara will cease to fulfill its obligations under the migration agreement with the European Union if Brussels does not name the date of the abolition of visa restrictions for Turkish citizens," Turkish Minister for EU Affairs Omer Chelik said on August 9.
According to him, amendments to the anti-terrorist law, as demanded by the EU, would threaten Europe's own security.
It should be noted that on August 1, the Vice-Chancellor of Germany Sigmar Gabriel demanded that Turkey stop EU blackmail by promising to open borders for migrants to facilitate the visa regime with the EU.
His words became the answer to the corresponding statement by the head of the Turkish Ministry of Foreign Affairs Mevluta Chausoglu.
Another provocative statement by Chavez made last Wednesday that Turkey could withdraw from NATO.
The head of the Turkish Foreign Ministry has not ruled out that the country will consider withdrawing from the alliance if it does not meet the expected support.
The decision to increase cooperation with Russia in the defense sphere is not a step against NATO.
There are NATO countries cooperating with foreign countries in the defense sphere - importing missiles, "Chavez said in an interview with Anadolu news agency.
According to him, Turkey now needs to create its own defense system on the basis of its technologies, as well as to cooperate with other countries.
"So far Turkey has tried to cooperate with NATO members, but the results have not been met and we have been looking for others," the minister said.
Experts believe that all this talks about Turkey's serious disagreements with the West and the country's reorientation to the East.
The head of the International Institute of Political Expertise Yevgeny Minchenko believes that Recep Tayyip Erdogan is now leading his game and cannot go on a tough confrontation with the West.
He has a lot to the West both in terms of business and in terms of military (Turkey is a member of NATO), so I think Erdogan will try to balance, while maintaining a framework relationship with the West.
Although, of course, Americans would be more comfortable to see a fully obedient person on this post, "explained AiFly.com expert.
According to him, it is not excluded that after statements of the Turkish leader (about non-payment of EU compensation, visa-free space with Europe and the extradition of Gulen from the USA) will be imposed on him.
"Recep Erdogan will face a deterioration in relations with both America and the European Union, and they will target him on humanitarian issues, for dictatorial methods of managing the country and so on," Minchenko believes.
The head of the Center for Political Information, admits that the president of Turkey will change his view in relations with Russia as soon as it becomes profitable.
Eight months ago, Erdoğan held an extremely tough stance toward Russia and in all ways sought favors in the West.
In a very short time, the situation has changed to the opposite.
Guarantees that, after some time the President of Turkey will not change his priorities again, no.
I think Erdogan has entered a period of shuttle diplomacy.
Caught between the two poles - the West and Russia, he will try to get the maximum benefit for himself, "Mukhin believes.
In his opinion, the main task for Turkey's president today is to hold political power in the country, and for this, he needs Russia and a partnership with Vladimir Putin, so that the US stops supporting Gülen.
Turkey needs both the EU and the US, which through it control the situation in Syria and the Middle East.
So the consensus with Turkey will be reached, "the expert believes.
The head of the Center for Asia and the Middle East, Anna Glazova, is a different point of view.
Now Turkey's relations with the EU, and with the US, are tense, and this is primarily related to the domestic policy that Erdoğan personally holds.
I think that this crisis in relations will deepen, and, against the backdrop of this crisis, the Turkish leadership will try to restart policy in both the Middle East and its relations with Russia.
It is not by chance that the President of Turkey, as well as a number of Turkish politicians, declare that they are ready to change their position on a variety of issues on Syria, settle relations with Israel, and engage in active political engagement with Iran, "explained AiF.ru Head, assuming that the next step would be to normalize relations with Egypt.
According to her, the policy now being pursued by Erdogan is a return to the course of the foreign policy concept that Turkey followed before the Arab revolutions.
"It was then that Turkey began to develop its relations with the Middle East and the Asian region very actively.
, A very successful visits of the President of Turkey to Russia and the countries of Africa.
That is why this foreign policy vector will develop and enhance Turkey's position in both regional and international arena, "the expert believes.
Glazov believes that Turkey's return to its former relations with the EU will be incredibly difficult, now the question is whether the EU will start responding harshly to Turkey, which can go to open borders for migrants and create serious problems for Europe.
The strike of junior doctors: calls for new collective protests
Representatives of the junior doctors have asked the union to sanction new collective protests in their dispute over a new labor contract.
A committee of junior doctors (JDC) of the British Medical Association (BMA) is going to ask its full council to support more collective protests since the beginning of September.
JDC says ministers failed to respond to questions about the labor contract.
Junior doctors and medical students in July voted for the abolition of the employment contract agreed with BMA.
It was rejected by 58% of its members who participated in the secret ballot.
In a letter to members posted on Twitter on Thursday night, JDC chairman Helen McCort said the government continued to "keep quiet" about the issues, which she said led to the rejection of the labor contract.
She said: "given the current situation, the JDC has voted to reject the proposed new employment contract in its entirety and called for formal re-negotiation on all of your issues."
In response to the government's silence, the head of the JDC today made an official request for an extraordinary meeting of the BMA Council to approve a continuous programme of expansion of collective protests, starting early September.
The dispute led young doctors to take part in six strikes this year, including the first general strikes in the history of the State Health Service.
The leader of the BMA junior doctors, Dr Joan Malavana, resigned after a vote to repeal the agreed terms of the labor contract, which recommended the BMA.
He told BMA members that the deal was good, which should be taken, during the assembly in the run-up to the vote of 54,000 junior doctors and medical students.
After the vote, Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt said the labour contract would be used for health workers in England.
Russia and Turkey: "alliance of bad"?
It was a gesture that ended the crisis.
The leaders of Russia and Turkey met on Tuesday to shake hands and declare an official end to the eight-month war of words and economic sanctions.
But when Vladimir Putin welcomed his Turkish counterpart in the gilded hall of the palace in St. Petersburg, I had a steady impression that Ankara wants this reconciliation more.
There was a handshake, yes.
But Mr Putin's smile looked strained, and he barely radiated the heat even by his own restrained standards.
Recep Tayyip Erdogan, as opposed to this, spoke repeatedly about his "dear friend" Mr. Putin - five times, according to one report.
I lost my account.
He also promised that relations with Russia would return not only to their pre-crisis level, but even higher.
The next day, one newspaper described Mr Erdogan's actions as if nothing bad had ever happened.
In my opinion, his enthusiasm assumed the opposite.
But the lingering coolness emanating from Mr Putin showed that the Russian leader had not forgotten anything.
In fact, the cause of the crisis was the first thing he mentioned in the opening comments: Turkey knocked down a Russian fighter on the Syrian border.
Moscow's reaction at this point was inexhaustible.
Mr Putin erupted in an angry rant, accusing Ankaru of hitting Moscow in the back.
The insult was even stronger based on the alleged friend.
Restoring real trust will be difficult, probably impossible.
Russian public opinion has also changed since November.
For months, state-controlled media carried out a stunning, total offensive on Ankara.
It suddenly seemed that Turks should be found guilty all over.
The most serious were accusations from senior officials that Mr Erdogan's own family was pressing for illegal oil trade from Syria's areas controlled by the so-called Islamic State.
He denied it strongly.
But in St. Petersburg the official signal was made that it was time to move on.
After all, this meeting occurred only because Mr Putin received an apology he demanded from President Erdogan.
Russia could claim victory of its kind.
For Ankara the advantage of the announcement of the truce is clear.
At first, Erdogan needs all the friends he can get after he was almost ousted from his post last month in an attempted coup.
Repeated terrorist attacks on Turkey have clearly shaken him, too.
There is also an economic reason.
Russian sanctions have hit hard - especially the ban on charter flights, which usually bring several million Russian tourists to the Turkish coast annually.
The number has plummeted by nearly 90%.
As for Russia, tour operators and charter companies here will certainly feel relief when flights finally resume.
They are set to peak at the end of the season on the Mediterranean Sea.
And even this week, state television predicted cheaper fruit and vegetables as soon as the Turkish imports of agricultural products would be allowed again.
"Tourists there, tomatoes back here," said the report in the Vedomosti newspaper.
But the visit also had additional political value for Moscow.
Ankara is angry at the West for what it considers a weak response to the coup attempt.
Add to this its lingering discontent with the torturous pace of talk about joining the EU and the move of Mr Putin - who seeks to take advantage of the cool and gradually destroy Turkish ties with the West.
The Russian leader, of course, won bonus points with Ankara for calling for the support of elected authorities after the coup attempt.
Keep in mind, this is a tribute to Moscow, which has its own deeply rooted fear of regime change.
So, the summit in this brilliant palace on the sea coast allowed Russia and Turkey to present what one analyst described to me as an "alliance of bad": two countries that feel rejected and humiliated by the West unite forces.
Yet, despite the public display of reconciliation, the two still have significant differences.
The key is Syria, where Moscow has recently positioned itself as a peacemaker, but where Russia and Turkey support opposing sides.
Perhaps it speaks for itself that after nearly three hours of initial negotiations, as long as the two presidents gave a press conference, they did not even touch the subject.
The Turkish President deliberately avoided answering the question about their differences, while Mr Putin chose to focus on them.
There is no clear agreement on how they can find common ground on Syria.
But after months of open hostility - and taking into account the possibility of a full disaster when a NATO member Turkey knocked down a Russian jet fighter - it is better that the two leaders are at least talking again.
Royal Bank of Scotland will disappear for customers outside of Scotland
The RBS brand must be reduced to the role of back office, according to the bank's executive director.
The Royal Bank of Scotland will disappear for customers outside Scotland.
Ross McEwan told BBC Scotland that the RBS brand was linked to the bank's global ambitions.
The bank has retreated from them since it almost collapsed eight years ago and needed to be rescued.
During this period, brand strategists used RBS to protect other brands of consumer credit.
He was supported by millions of pounds of sponsorship for international sport, from the Six Nations Cup to Wimbledon champion Andy Murray.
But it has now been decided that it is right to allow more national brands to come to the fore.
The Royal Bank of Scotland will be used with Scottish customers but will not be launched.
In England and Wales, all references to RBS, including the external head office and stock exchange, will be changed to NatWest.
The Ulster Bank brand is already being used for customers in the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland.
There are other, smaller brands for private banking, which will get more influence - Coutts, Adam & Co, Drummond and Holt's Military Bank.
Mr McEwan was interviewed during a tour of clients and staff at the.
He told BBC Scotland: "the RBS brand will eventually become our investment brand and the one in which our staff will be busy, because we are now becoming more of a bank of brands."
Since the bank itself has become a global brand, RBS has become a global brand.
I am now saying that we no longer have global aspirations, we have local aspirations.
Each of these brands will represent something completely different in their population groups, and our staff will work with customers under these brands.
RBS has already announced it will not be able to continue its sponsorship of the Six Nations Cup and it is ramping up the profile of the various brands in sponsoring the sport.
"It's a good time for us to move a bank of brands, as at the core (we asked ourselves) how do we focus on improving the bank for customers?" said the executive.
It would be very cynical three years ago if we had said that we were going to be a great bank for customers and would shut down all these brands.
But with the work we've been doing, focusing on the needs of customers rather than on our own, I think you see a lot of changes.
We can return these brands again, so I think time is appropriate.
Frankie Dettori reaches 3,000 winners with victory in Newmarket on addiction
Dettori splashes champagne after a duel in Newmarket brings it to 3000 wins
Jockey Frankie Dettori achieved his 3000-th British victory in Newmarket on Friday.
He came to this outstanding mark with the help of his second winner of the night on his home track - on an addiction trained by John Gosden.
The 45-year-old Italian is the sixth joker who has reached this outstanding mark in smooth rocks.
He follows Sir Gordon Richards, Doug Smith, Lester Piggott, Pat Idris and Willie Carson.
Three-time champion jockey Dettori, who previously won on Gaylyar, said: "it's something special."
I am very excited because my family is also here
I am very pleased that this happened in Newmarket, since it was here that I settled 30 years ago.
It's not a big secular event, it's not Royal Ascot - it's a regular Friday night with 20,000 people.
I am free from affairs and very unpretentious.
Dettori takes applause when leading predisposition after victory
Two jockey has reached such a mark in handicaps with obstacles: champion jockey Richard Johnson and retired 20-time champion Sir Anthony McCoy, who had more than 4300 victories for a record career.
Lester Piggott, the ninth winner of the Derby, 4493 victories in career
The franc is one of the best jockeys of the modern era and it is not surprising that it has reached this mark, which so few achieved before it.
He is stylish and strong, but it is his tactical mix that distinguishes him from others in the weight room.
He is a magnificent representative for the races, his enthusiasm and charisma attracted fans to this sport for years.
I told Franks a few weeks ago in Epsom, he would have brought 6,000 winners, if there wasn't only the jockey of the weekend and big jumps!
And if seriously, Franks led the winners in the UK most of 30 years, which is great to see.
He's an energetic character, which is good for British racing, but more than that, he's an incredible jockey.
Franks Dettori celebrated this outstanding mark with a horse
From the fast finish to the fast bowlers, Frankie Dettori has been a symbol of British smooth scrolls for two decades.
It was ups and downs.
Many of the winners of the big jump, including his famous "Aleppo Seven" in Ascot in 1996, but he also survived the plane crash and was in disqualification due to doping.
Three years ago, he first faced difficulties when he returned after six years of disqualification, but he showed a tremendous force of will to challenge the skeptics and return to form.
And he may have not yet finished for a while - Dettori previously said he wanted to continue taking part in competitions, at least to the 50-year-old.
Putin fires head of administration Sergei Ivanov
Russian President Vladimir Putin unexpectedly fired his head of the administration, Sergei Ivanov.
Ivanov has been part of Putin's trusted close circle for years.
This 63-year-old has now been appointed representative for the environment and transport.
A statement from the Kremlin states that Putin "ruled to free Ivanov from his duties as head of the Russian presidential administration," but did not name the cause.
Deputy Mr Ivanov since 2012, Anton Vaino, has been appointed as his successor.
Mr. Vaino, 44, a former diplomat.
Born in the capital of Estonia, Tallinn in 1972, he graduated from the prestigious Moscow State University of International Relations (MGIMO) and served in the Tokyo Embassy.
He was later the head of the protocol of the president and the apparatus of the government, reports the Kremlin website (in Russian).
During his appointment, he told Putin: "thank you for your trust."
I think the most important task of the administration is to support your activity as head of state in terms of developing draft laws and controlling how your directions are carried out.
Putin told one Russian TV channel on Friday that Ivanov had asked for his release from office and recommended that Vaino replace him.
Are the smiles?
This is a move that puzzled Moscow.
Sergei Ivanov has long been one of Vladimir Putin's closest supporters and, like him, served in the Soviet security service, the KGB.
As the head of the administration, he was one of the most powerful people in the country.
At a meeting with President Putin, which was shown on state television, both men declared that the head of the administration resigned on his own accord.
But despite the smiles on camera, this little one here convinced - especially now, right before the parliamentary elections.
So, are the consequences of some power struggle?
So far nobody knows.
But the official statement - that the man who once agitated as a potential president - suddenly wanted to manage Russian environmental policy - was met with huge skepticism.
In remarks to Putin, quoted on the Kremlin's Web site, Ivanov said: "it is true that at the beginning of 2012 I asked you to trust me this very difficult post, even, one can say, a troubled post, for four years.
Well, it turns out, I was the head of the president's administration for four years and eight months.
Ivanov took office in December 2011.
He previously worked as deputy prime minister and defense minister.
He is a member of the Russian Security Council and a former member of the KGB's State Security Service, as is Mr. Putin.
In the late 1990s, when Putin was head of the Federal Security Service (FSB), which came to the KGB, Ivanov was appointed his deputy.
When Putin came to power, he called Ivanov among the five people he most trusted.
It was once thought that Ivanov could become Russia's president after Putin's second term, as a third term for Putin would contradict the constitution.
However, this post took another close supporter of Putin, Dmitry Medvedev.
Putin became prime minister before returning to the presidency after just three and a half years.
The star of the series "Thought as a criminal" Thomas Gibson fired after a fight with the producer
Gibson was a participant of the show in Los Angeles last month.
ABC Studios and CBS Television Studios, which produces the series, announced his dismissal in a joint statement.
Gibson, who played Special Agent Aaron Hincner, apologized Thursday, before his removal was announced.
There were creative differences on the set and divergence of opinions.
I regret that it happened, "he said in a statement.
Details of how Gibson's character will be drawn out of the show, which follows a team of FBI agents, is expected to perform later, according to statements by ABC Studios and CBS Television Studios.
The 54-year-old actor, who previously played a major role in Darm and Greg's, was in the show from his first season in 2005.
"I love" Thought as a criminal "and put my heart and soul into it for the past twelve years," Gibson said in a statement released Friday.
I had hoped to be present in it until the end, but now it will be impossible.
I would just like to thank the writers, producers, actors, our wonderful team, and, most importantly, the best fans about whom the show could only dream of.
Expect that the show will return with its twelfth season on September 28.
Mystery: the fish landed in Banff garden
A man from Banff asked for help in the identification of the fish that appeared in his garden in Banff.
Kevin Bain believes 75 fish could be sandstone left by water deaths.
Bain, who lives 500 metres from the sea, posted the shooting of this spectacle in the hope that anyone will be able to shed light on the appearance of two-inch fish.
The bridge is now connected to the File
Project for 1.35 billion pounds now must be completed by May 2017
The engineers have connected the northern prose and the duke of the Krusshaus, which means that the bridge is now connected to Fife.
This is the first of four blocs between "webs" that are now nearing completion near all three of the bridge.
The section of the bridge from Fayf is now 600 metres long and weighs 30,000 tons.
It has 10,000 tons of steel and 20,000 tons of concrete and 46 watts of the bridge.
The £1.35 billion project is now due to be completed by May 2017.
Economy Minister Keith Brown today visited the site and was among the first to move from the ground to the bridge.
He said: "this is a historic and symbolic moment in the construction of the tomb of Jiri Krosyan.
We are all witnesses to the engineering art of a truly epic scale in this project, where more than 30,000 tons of concrete and steel used only to build this part of the bridge.
Despite the massive size and weight of the bridge, the completion of the bridge between the glass and the bridge is a virtuous operation using extremely precise assembly assumptions.
For a total of about 79% of the whole pavement is now in place, for the last section of the canvas concrete cover is placed in the site today, which means that everything is politely prepared for the entrance to the place on the bridge.
Michael Martin, director of the Forth Crossing Bridge Constructors project, said: "the first demolition on every bridge project is always a significant milestone.
In this amazing project it is the most modern construction art.
After installing the last section of the road and connecting it with the widening road strip of the Northern pilot we had to close the remaining gap on the north - or reverse to shore - side.
This was done by stretching Viaduca northern approach 700 millimetres south.
It was a massive and at the same time a very elegant operation.
Large-scale, because the four-metre long diameter, weighs about 6,000 tons and was to be lifted to a tilt angle of around 3%.
Fine, because the assumptions over which the team worked were tiny - only a few millimetres in each direction.
Unfortunately, it all went very well.
Salvation in the Gulf of Morphire: three men are 'lucky to stay alive'.
Three men are 'lucky to stay alive' after they were thrown from a fishing boat in Angola.
The rescue station Moelfre RNLI raised the alarm at 13: 20 on the British summer time on Friday, after the team saw an incident unfolding in the Moelfir Bay.
The three men struggled to reach a safe place while their vessel continued to move.
"We saw their ship circling next to them and presumed the worst," said the steering lifeboat Moelfre Vince Jones.
"Unfortunately, by the time we were down on the water, the strong wind took him away from them," he added.
Two men were rescued by a local fishing vessel, and a third man of 60 years was found exhausted and trapped in a buoy without a rescue vest.
They were all raised aboard a coastguard boat and delivered to the rescue station
Jones said: "the three men thrown into the water are lucky to be alive and completely unharmed.
The boat's engine had an emergency blacker, but it somehow got away from the man who ruled the boat when it.
Someone guarded these guys today.
Pokémon Go, a worthy hunt for health and happiness
It is exciting to observe how the world is changing.
That teenagers and children no longer go out onto the street to play, preferring to spend their free time staring at screens, has been the focus of many over the last decade.
Anxiety Go takes people away from the sofa and engages in some physical activity.
Time in the screen was initially limited to TV, then video games and recently smartphones.
It is so great to see that technology and activity on the street are not mutually exclusive.
I am, of course, which is Pokémon Go, an application based on characters originally created for video games in the 1990s (subsequently released a series of cartoons, playing cards and other branches).
Like many other pop cultural phenomena, all this has lost its relevance somewhat earlier than this new game became available in the US, Australia and New Zealand in early July.
Launch in other countries at the time was detained in connection with a mass response that overloaded servers.
In days, Pokémon Go had more users than Tinder and almost as much as Twitter.
So how does it work?
In a nutshell, players with smartphones go to search for potholes that are tracked by GPS and, being discovered, can be 'photographed' (via a screenshot on your phone) or 'caught'.
The generation that played the game, being younger, joined the original passion, got away from sofas to search.
In the US, the game has led to a significant increase in the number of steps taken by the "ordinary" person daily.
The Apple Watch, an app for the Apple Watch that tracks 35,000 users, recently reported to The Washington Post that within two days of the launch of the game, the number of people they tracked, who daily performed 30-minute exercise, jumped from 45 percent to 53 percent.
The company does not know who is playing in the Pokémon Go, it simply sees the primary data on record levels.
Many health campaigns, urging people to "find 30 minutes," "get off the couch" and "be active every day," did not find a response, because most health messages are boring and people who look unhappy.
However, the importance of physical exercise should not be underestimated.
Those who exercise regularly reduce the chances of developing cancer or depression.
Physical activity helps with weight correction, high blood pressure, diabetes and a long list of benefits, too long to lead here.
But the beauty of Pokémon Go is that it pulls people out onto the street to do what they love.
In this way, three pillars of health are covered: movement, fresh air and sunlight and joy.
Some people even make new friends on the hunt.
As usual, there are boring patches that are looking for something to complain about.
And yes, someone can stumble on the door.
And what?
The breakthrough occurred.
Despite the fact that applications for smartphones, such as Fitbit could and previously track our physical activity, they did not give us water for classes as.
And the use will weaken over time.
However, due to the success of OpenOffice.org, there will be more games that will unite applications and virtual reality with physical activity in the real world, helping many people on the hunt to be more active, in good shape and healthy.
Read Dr. Joe's blogs at www.drjoetoday.com
Simon Bayles wins the gold of the absolute primary in women's gymnastics
Forget about the pressure.
Forget about the turmoil.
Simon Bayoh is ineligible for all this.
Dynamic on the base jump.
Relaxed on the logs.
Stunning on the floor.
Awesome everywhere.
And now, finally, the Olympic champion.
The 19-year-old American gymnast rose to the title of champion in absolute primacy on Thursday, placing the gulf between himself and the rest of the world on a convincing display under the close Olympic attention.
Its total score of 62.198 was at a sufficient distance from the silver medalist and a comrade on the team of "Final Five" Eli Reisman and the Russian bronze medalist Aliya Mustafina.
Bayesian from the United States performs at the gymnastic log during the finals of the women's individual absolute primacy in rhythmic gymnastics to the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, on Thursday.
The Beatles became the fourth consecutive American woman to win the title of an absolute champion and fifth in general, consolidating his reputation as the best of his generation and perhaps ever.
She broke up when she showed her final overall score and her long journey to that point ended.
This achievement puts her in the same league as exceptionally rare athletes such as Michael Phelps, who raised their sports to new heights:
Bayles has spent the past three years dominating his sport, winning 15 World Cup medals - including 10 gold - with such amazing programs in their mix of hard-working and precision that the 1984 Olympic champion Mary Lou Retton called her "the greatest gymnast I've ever seen."
One last test was waiting in Brazil, a competition is not so much between the Bayles and the rest in this sphere, how much between it and the freight of inflated expectations.
Anything less than going back to his family's home in Spring, Texas, with a handful of gold medals, would be seen as an unjustified wait.
Simon Bayles from the United States, left, and Eli Reisman are hugging after winning gold and silver respectively in the final of the women's individual absolute primacy in rhythmic gymnastics to the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, Thursday, Aug.
Bayles earned the first gold on Tuesday, becoming a beautiful final chord for the farewell party of the outgoing retired coordinator of the national team Marta Karoli.
While the Bayles insisted that she had never looked into the future during her long journey to the top, that was not quite the case.
Part of her program of freestyle exercises - the one that includes her brief passage - is set on Latin American music, which would come straight as a home on the street right outside the Olympic Arena.
This is not a coincidence.
The girl, honored by her grandfather and grandmother, as a starting child and open mother of coach Aimee Burman during a visit to the hall where Burman was a coach, became a force.
It didn't lose any competition in absolute primacy since the summer of 2013 - a streak of luck that must continue as long as the Beatles of this want.
Despite the fact that Mustafina gained a slight advantage with the help of two spins, it was a mirage.
Gymnastics and freestyle exercises - where Bayles defends the title of world champion - lie in the veil.
She went ahead again with 15,433 on the logs and finished with 15,933 on the floor.
Reisman softly hugged her while they waited for the final account - a pure formality - and tears appeared around brilliant red with white and blue underwater for, when the plan she once recorded in the album for the cut was carried out.
Reisman's performance was a small place for what happened four years ago, when she shared the third place, but lost the bronze Mustafina on the counter.
This time, the 22-year-old captain of the team that Americans call "grandma" was much ahead.
She was kissing the crowd after her free exercise, which sometimes seemed to be in doubt.
As for the Bayles, the viral tweet of the 19-year-old from the beginning of this week now has a completely new meaning:
Police: 3 victims in a serial killer case shot while listening to music in a car
The two women and a 12-year-old girl who died during the most deadly attack in the case of the first serial killer of Phoenix over the last decade, sat in the car, talked and listened to music when they were shot, according to police reports published on Thursday.
Angela Rochelle liner, Stephanie R. Ellis and daughter Ellis, Malia, were shot on June 12 when their car was parked on the, authorities said.
The offender made approximately eight shots of a pistol, standing from the passenger side of the vehicle, after which hiding on another vehicle, the report said.
Police say the triple murder is apparently not the result of a robbery, as the attacker did not take the purses or $2,900, former at the disposal of one of the adult victims.
A Phoenix Police spokesman, Sergeant Jonathan Howard, said the shooting prompted investigators to check whether he was linked to four previous attacks.
A total of seven people were killed and two others injured in nine attacks in two predominantly Hispanic areas within four months.
"This is happening in a residential area in front of the house," said Howard KPHO, a CBS affiliate, earlier this month.
The suspect is believed to have taken advantage of several vehicles, including the brown Nissan of the late 1990s, the black BMW of the late 1990s and white Cadillac or Lincoln.
Investigators have refused to disclose the evidence that led them to the conclusion that the attacks are related and committed by the same killer.
Ellis, 33, was hospitalized with injuries and later died.
Liner, 31, and daughter Ellis, Malia, died on the spot.
A witness told the police that there was nothing unusual about them sitting in a parked car while listening to music.
The authorities also published a police report on the shelling, which was an empty pickup for half an hour before the triple murder and is believed to have been the work of a serial killer.
Investigators found the guilds and retrieved the bullet from the seat and fragments of the bullet from the motor compartment.
Mother of 6-year-old child with microcephaly: "getting better"
Like most six-year-old children, Edmund Pikivto likes singing, toys and, of course, his mum.
But unlike most of his peers, Edmund microcephaly is the result of a genetic disorder that his mum Elizabeth Pikivto did not know during pregnancy.
When he first came home, my first thought was - I won't be able to make it.
I won't be able to do it.
I did not sign up for this.
Which, in fact, is not true - of course you sign up for it, "she said.
She and her husband Matt said Edmund may never recognize them and that he might not even survive.
Some doctors even offered to put it in a specialized treatment facility.
"My first answer was:" I didn't think people were doing so yet, "Pixivto explained.
Edmund walks through the walks.
Edmund did not sit and crawl until he was three, and he still does not speak.
But he slowly passes some stages.
He walks with outside help and rides a bike.
He also likes to play with his two brothers and singing.
Elizabeth shows the gesture that Edmund coined for "please Dad me."
"We teach him the language of gestures," Pisoxto told CBS News.
But not just plain English - she says Edmund invented his own gestures.
It may occur due to a variety of circumstances: genetic, such as Edmund, infections during pregnancy from viruses such as measles and Zika.
Symptoms and prognosis can vary significantly.
It is too early to say how this will affect the lives of those infected with the Zika virus.
Pirsiavis recalls the emotional toll due to an uncertain future.
I've been saying all the time, what will happen?
What will happen?
And she still doesn't know.
I really didn't ask for a forecast for my whole life, because I'm not waiting for anyone to really be able to tell me.
But Pxivis encouraging advice for mothers of children with birth defects due to Zika.
Getting better.
You know that everything will be better for you.
You will love your child and your child will love you.
Heavy rain, flooding cause rescue works in Louisiana, Mississippi
Heavy rain and widespread flooding in Louisiana forced the governor to declare a state of emergency on Friday, with more rainfall expected to drop over the state until Saturday inclusive.
Numerous rivers in southeast Louisiana and southern Mississippi came off the coast and threatened widespread flooding after extreme rainfall, reported the National Meteorological Service.
Louisiana Governor John Bell Edwards said state officials are in constant contact with local authorities and assistance has already gone to the affected parishes.
Mike Steele, the governor of the Governor's Office for Homeland Security and Emergency Management, stated that requests for transportation for high water, boats and sandbags.
Steele said that only the arrival of Tangipahoa attracted tens of thousands of sandbags.
The danger of flooding remains in force until Saturday in much of the south Louisiana.
The weather service said in a statement that an additional 3-5 inches could be pushed into the area.
In southern Alabama, duty in anticipation of the floods operated until Friday as rain continued to go in the area of the mobile.
The near Baton Rouge and the Emit River Cite near Denem Springs, both in Louisiana, was projected to set a flood record last weekend.
Bishop Alec Krautmann said that both rivers could flood many homes in suburban areas near Baton Rouge.
He also said that the flood coming downstream in the coming of Assenen is a threat, as these rising rivers will slowly flow into Lake Mora.
The Tikfo River, just south of the Mississippi border in Liverpool, Louisiana, reached the highest ever recorded levels at 9 a.m. Friday.
Rescue workers were still pulling people out of the floods in Emit and Wilkinson districts in southwest Mississippi.
Leroy Hansford, his wife and stepson were among the rescued early on Friday near Gloucester.
Hanford, 62, says the waters of Beaver Creek, which are usually in more than 400 feet from his home, quickly rose for the night.
He said the other stepson, who lives nearby, warned him.
"We woke up and the water kept coming," said Hanford.
It has reached the level of my belt.
His wife told Hansford that it was the largest influx she had seen in the 48 years that lived here.
Hansford said he and all members of his family have disability and he is the only one who can swim.
Hanford said rescue service workers rescued all three by an army truck and delivered them to a fire station in Gloria, where they took refuge on Friday.
Krautmann says the flood is "spreading rapidly" as the rains continue, noting that officials are considering an evacuation order.
Krautmann says one observer near Livingston reported a drop of 13.75 inches of rain from midnight until Friday morning.
Krautmann said the soil was overflowing with rain precipitation from the environment.
Heavy rain and flood of streets led to the rescue of residents from homes in the arrival of Tanjipahua and the cancellation of classes in five school districts, authorities say.
WWL, a CBS affiliate, reports that the Tangipanahua adviser has told about 200 flooded homes.
Residents have been evacuated to two churches, but they are both now flooding.
Parish chairman Robbie Miller said authorities had rescued 72 people and seven pets found in high water.
Shelters were opened in the city of Emit and the town of Hammond to accept those who were evacuated.
"They will have the opportunity to return home as soon as the water starts to recede," he said.
In the town of, about two dozen streets were closed due to high water levels, and sandbags were available to residents in the hope that they would keep water away from homes and businesses.
"The last major flood we had was in March," city manager Leigh Landrum said.
It is on its way to becoming a similar event.
In Mississippi, Harrison County, Head of Emergency Services, Rupert Leigh, reported that the cover rain continued to go on the coast of the Gulf of Mexico.
According to him, several houses were registered as flooded on Thursday, but none was registered on Friday.
Keith Tauron, head of the Shopper Foods Foods store in Emit, has been living in the area for 40 years.
"I saw water in places where I had never seen it before," Tauron said, "and she is still lying on the ground."
Mahaj Brown, 6, "exhausted by bullets," remains alive after a shootout in Philadelphia
Police are reporting a 6-year-old boy, registering a second shooting in a 6-year-old in the city this week.
The child's grandmother and grandfather identified him for CBS Philadelphia as Mahaj Brown.
The grandmother and grandfather say Brown received numerous gunshot wounds, including in his footsteps, leg, arm and stomach, but was unconscious when he was transported to the hospital.
"His little body was hit by bullets," says his grandmother Delores Meldez station.
I just can't believe it.
The boy is listed in hospital in critical condition and has suffered several surgeries.
The family told the station that it was expected to change.
He had to go to the first grade at the local elementary school.
Brown was one of four people shooting in the quarter of.
Also shooting in three men: two 29-year-olds and one 32-year-old.
It is reported that one of the 29-year-old men is in critical condition; two other victims were registered in stable condition, according to CBS Philadelphia.
The child was found shot in the front seat of the car next to the 29-year-old in critical condition, reports the station.
Two other victims were not in the car, and police are investigating whether someone of the injured men were shooting.
Investigators report to CBS Philadelphia that there appeared to be a shooting between several armed men.
The guilds of semi-automatic weapons, attributed to different instances of semi-automatic weapons, removed the place of action.
It seems that this was definitely a long battle.
There were guilds on the street, on both sides of the pavement.
Therefore, apparently, there were a number of armed fighters and they were actively involved in the shootout, "Philadelphia Police Chief Anthony Jiandi told reporters.
Many homes and cars in the area were also orphaned.
No arrests were made, and police are reportedly viewing CCTV cameras.
Another 6-year-old child, a girl, was hit in the arm by a stray bullet Tuesday when playing in front of her home in the West Virginia Lane area.
She is recovering and the police are still searching for a suspect.
Why do we need Simon, Gabby and Lori
That's what I call the women's Olympic wrestling team this year and for several reasons.
First, I've been at every Summer Olympics since 1984, and the US has never been so dominant.
Second, three gymnasts play a key role in this national team: Simon Bayesian, Gabby Douglas and Lauren "Lori" Hernandez, who have already inspired so many non-white girls.
The composition of this team, complemented by Eli Rayman, who is Jewish, and Madison Kosan, who is a catholic, makes everyone proud.
This team looks like America.
It also strengthened the black and Hispanic women's presence at the top of this sport.
For the last four years, the female gymnast number one was African-American.
Last year, Simon and Gabby were No.1 and No.2.
It is powerful.
At the last Olympics, Gabby Douglas was an unexpected Olympic champion, and America approvingly.
Now the world could witness the incredible performances of three-time World Champion Simons Bayesian, Douglas and Lori Hernandez performing unexpected, but nonetheless virtuous gymnastic exercises.
On Thursday, Simon became the fourth American in a row to win gold in the women's individual absolute primary.
And a colleague on the Ely Reisman national team earned silver.
We have witnessed the peak of this sport, but it does not look so in gymnastic sections across the country.
Simon, Gabby and Lori all chose the same way as Eli and Madison to form an Olympic team.
They are the "final horse" because the next Olympic team in gymnastics will have only four gymnasts in the team, and this is the last year of the Marta Capability coaching.
But in reality gymnastics is an expensive sport, and gymnasts first train in private gymnastic clubs, supported by parents paying the cost of training, equipment, travel, form, fees for participation in competitions, payment of hotel services (for trainers and their gymnasts and families), and the list goes on.
Most of these gymnastic clubs are located in affluent suburban areas that can support this business.
These clubs are where the gymnasts get everything from their training, and this is an expensive and long-term duty for the families of the gymnasts.
Ami Bourman, coach of Simons Bayesian, and Maggie Hani, coach Laurie Hernandez, both trained their athletes from the moment they took over the gymnastics.
We must create a more reasonable price and affordable training for young girls inspired by Simon, Gabby and Lori.
I founded my gym 20 years ago.
In my organizations, we have already provided free and inexpensive gymnastics classes located in Harlem, for more than 15,000 urban young guys (mostly black and Hispanic) and nurtured national and international champions.
In September, we will expand to Detroit (my hometown) to provide high-quality youth gymnastics, which deserves to learn and benefit from this great Olympic sport.
Gymnastics develops strength, flexibility and coordination for the body, as well as resistance to exhausting work, discipline and perseverance for the mind.
This combination has a positive impact on good health, success in school and work.
It is the inspiration of this team that will send thousands of girls to gymnastics, and that is fine.
Sport is so important, especially for girls.
Now is such a wonderful time.
Thank you, Simon, Eli, Lori, Gabby and Madison for this serious demonstration of "Women's Power" in winning the team Olympic gold and for motivating so many girls of different origin to be healthy, strong and successful young women.
Junior doctors paid for the announcement of further strikes following a rejection of Jeremy Hunt's proposal
Ministers hoped to complete the dispute over the changes by agreeing a modified contract with the leaders of the British Medical Association, but 58 percent of the 37,000 young doctors who took part in the vote rejected it.
In July, Hunt unveiled plans to introduce this treaty, saying that the NHS was on a "niche ground" and any subsequent delay would damage staff and patients.
The first junior doctors have been transferred to a new contract, which includes changes in labour activity at night and weekends to improve service.
Dr Alain McCrot, chairman of the BMA's Young Physicians Committee, said last night in a statement: "junior doctors still have serious concerns about the proposed contract, in particular that it feeds the existing labour crisis and that it cannot apply to all doctors fairly."
There are only eight weeks before the first group of doctors is translated into a new contract, progress is needed and time on the outcome.
The attempt by the VMA to resolve the dispute was greeted with reluctance to take action and sometimes complete silence on the part of the government.
And that's despite Jeremy Hunt's promise last month that his door is always open.
"Jeremy Hunt needs to act now, encourage the introduction and respond to the concerns of junior doctors.
If he does not, then junior doctors are unequivocal in that they are ready to organise subsequent strikes.
The last strike at the end of April brought a delay of around 13,000 scheduled operations and 100,000 nurses, while nurses and consultants were brought in to ensure the replacement of doctors on the picket line.
Ministers hoped to end the dispute over the changes, agreeing an amended agreement with the leaders of the British Medical Association.
VMA wants a better pay weekend for the 54 000 junior doctors who fall under the contract.
Daniel Mortimer, CEO of NHS Boards, called on junior doctors not to continue the strikes.
Mortimer said: "the strikes reach little or nothing but put pressure on already working at the limit of the team and the services, and cause anxiety, physical pain and disorder for patients, women and their families."
Over the past two months, we have been talking to the Committee of junior doctors and in collaboration with the Department of Health and others have responded positively to their concerns regarding the role of guardians and corporate information policy.
Workers hoped that continuing positive assistance on other important topics - such as the allocation of staff, training flexibility, additional training for those returning after retiring in careers, cost of training, mutual recognition of the curriculum, academic leave and gender differences in pay in medicine - were a sign of how seriously employers, Health Education England and the Department of Health were going to comply with the conditions reached by the WMA in November, February and May.
The drug for £2 a day could reduce the threat of a heart attack
Thousands of heart patients are going to use the drug for £2 a day after authorities recommended giving it to more people and for a longer time.
Tidying up the ticagra drug reduces the risk of repeated attacks for people with heart disease.
The drug is already prescribed for 12 months after a heart attack, reducing the risk of a stroke or a new attack.
The NICE Supervision Service of Britain's National Health Service has been advised to give it to people for four years, to continue to eliminate the risk of cardiovascular problems.
But now the NICE Supervision Service of Britain's National Health Service advised to give it to people for four years in order to prevent the risk of cardiovascular problems.
A heart attack occurs with approximately 140,000 people in England each year, and a quarter of them have another attack or stroke.
Heart attacks and strokes occur as a result of the accumulation of fat material on the walls of the arteries and the formation of the shirts.
If the blob breaks apart, it can cause a thromb blocking blood access to the heart and causing a heart attack.
And if the trob moves, he will be able to move around the blood stream and block blood flow to the brain, causing a stroke.
People who have already had one attack are at greater risk of getting another.
The tiger, produced by the British firm AstraZeneca and sold under the name Brilique, reduces the risk by making the troopers less likely.
The NICE statement, published today, recommends that people give 90 mg of thicagreus for 12 months, then 60 mg with aspirin twice a day for the next three years.
Professor Carol Longson, director of the NICE Medical Technology Assessment Center, said: "despite the presence of effective secondary prevention methods around four people who have already had a heart attack, there is another heart attack or stroke - often with devastating consequences."
Fear of repetition can have a significant negative impact on the quality of life of a person.
There is evidence that tigers combined with aspirin is effective at reducing the risk of subsequent heart attacks and strokes in people who have already suffered a heart attack.
We are glad to have the opportunity to increase the treatment options available to many thousands of people who are ready to use it.
Because the information about the effectiveness and safety of the tiger - especially the risk of bleeding - at the expiration of three years is limited, the draft instruction does not recommend treatment for longer this term.
The culture of owning a PC allows for the flourishing of a vote count in Muslim areas
The former mayor of Tower Hamlets Lutór Rahman, was removed from office last year due to corruption, triggering a government report
The culture of political correctness led to the closing of the eyes, which turned into widespread falsification of votes in Muslim communities, according to information from the government's devastating report unveiled today.
Former Cabinet member Sir Eric Pickles has the police, the election watchdog and the city administration for ignoring evidence of irregularities in the election because of "excessive sensitivity about race and religion."
The former secretary of the local communities, now king, reported that voter intimidation on religious grounds was so strong that police should be allowed to put cordons outside polling stations to protect terrified voters.
He proposes that voters take ID cards to prove who they are when they vote.
At the moment, voters should just indicate their name and address.
The report even proposes to impose unwashed ink on people's fingers when they cast their ballots, in order to prevent someone from voting twice.
It is necessary to provide better protection to the drivers, stated Sir Eric.
He calls on giving the press greater access to local council documents and decisions taken by informal committees or working groups.
"This is done not only to protect against electoral fraud, but also to protect the local government from a more open culture of corruption and financial fraud going on with it hand in hand," he said.
The report was ordered by Downing Street due to a vote in Tower Hamlets in East London.
Last year, a special court considering election issues ruled that the acting mayor Lufttour Rahman had to be shifted from office in connection with a long list of corruption and illegal activities.
The court found Rahman "cynically distorted" the religious feelings of his Muslim community and silenced his critics, accusing them of racism and Islamophobia.
Rahman, as has been said, "led his campaign based on the fact that the duty of the faithful Muslims was to vote for him."
Up to 300 votes cast doubt or were the result of a united nation when a person votes, posing for someone else.
Sir Eric said there were evidence of fraud across the country.
He expressed special concerns about fraud by mail, in which senior members of the Muslim community reportedly pressured people to vote for their chosen candidate.
Sir Eric, in the photo, made several recommendations to clean up the voting system, including the requirement to bring his ID card to prove who you are such
The report said: "there was evidence of pressure on vulnerable members of certain ethnic minority communities, in particular on women and youth, to vote on the will of the senior, especially in the communities of Pakistani and Taliban origin.
"There were fears that... public institutions closed their eyes to such behaviour because of the excessive sensitivity of" political correctness "about ethnicity and religion."
The cheese Eric gave 50 recommendations to clean up the system, including the removal of political activists from working with postal ballots to vote to stop "harvesting the vote."
The report, under consideration by Theresa May, also calls for stricter checks when registering to prevent the use of the voter list for immigration fraud and privileges.
It is considered an option to require voting ID cards before voting.
Use unwashed ink on people's fingers as soon as they throw their ballot to prevent anyone from voting twice.
Conduct systematic checks of people's nationality to see if they have the right to vote.
Introduce a three-year limit on applications for automatic mail voting.
Remove political campaigners and activists from work filled absentee voting and envelopes with postal voting.
To give police the authority to establish cordons around polling stations.
Change the law to make it easier for people to be charged with intimidation under the 1983 People's Act.
Make illegal photographing at polling stations.
Make a requirement that only English be used at polling stations (with the exception of Wales).
Strengthen training to ensure that the staff forces the voting to go one.
Sir Eric fiercely attacked the city police, claiming it was "strikingly" that no criminal charges have been filed following the case of Tower Hamlets.
"The court considering election issues disqualified Lutfullah Rahman and his agent for a long list of corruption and illegal actions," he said.
He was found guilty in the absence of a reasonable doubt - a criminal standard of proof - on a number of grounds.
He also criticizes ineffectual "checks for the sake of the checkboxes" of the electoral registration of cities.
Sir Eric stated: "last year's court ruling in Tower Hamlets was a wake-up call.
Our nation has a proud legacy as a mother of parliamentary elections, and yet the disturbing and hidden spread of electoral fraud and the state of denial by some bodies threaten this good reputation.
Kate and the other two-star celebrities of the Olympics in Rio
Fans of the 2016 Olympics in Rio this week converged on French cyclist Pauline Ferran-Prevo, who, as it turned out, impressively similar to the Duke of Cambridge.
But the 24-year-old participant of the Olympic Games is far from the only athlete fighting for gold this summer, which boasts its own famous double - at least according to reports in cable networks.
So, in honor of the Rio Games and all the famous faces appearing on our screens for the moment, FEMALE has made a list of Olympians who have more than a superficial resemblance to Hollywood stars.
Hunter and wolf: a member of the U.S. men's team archer Brady Ellison, left, compared Leonardo DiCaprio since he was a child
In addition to Kate's twin on the bike track, a lot of people online rushed to point out how a certain archer could be the twin superstar Leonardo DiCaprio.
A member of the U.S. men's team archer Brady Ellison, was the cause of a hurricane in Tiger after images of him looking frighteningly similar to Wolf's star from WallStreet.
And in fact, the archer learned about the madness of social networks and admitted that he had heard that he had been like Leo since he was a child.
"I personally don't see a huge similarities, maybe with the exception of vegetation on the face," Brady told the Huffington Post.
"He's an attractive guy, so I think it's a compliment."
One of the most popular comparisons from London 2012 will undoubtedly indicate even more this year: the striking similarities between British jump Greg Rogers and popular actor Neil Patrick Harrison.
Russian gymnast Ala Mustafin, with her big expressive eyes, is said to be an exact copy of Cuban-American singer Gloria Estefan.
And in a pool of South African swimmer Cameron van der Burg has been compared to the star of Hor Matthew Morrison for many years.
Transitioning to a more unexpected one: this user believes that Nathan is a "sports version" of the actor "Nala"
Another long-standing comparison was between tennis player Rafael Nadal and actor Josh Harnett, who boasts similar heavy eyebrows and lips.
The silver medalist of Russia Julia Efimova boasts not only the equally bright skin and light hair as actress AnnLynn McCord, while Nathan Adrian from the US team, according to fans, is similar to the "sporting version of Joseph Gordon Levitt."
Harsh women: the star Hope Solo, left, and actress Jennifer Carpenter of Decester, right, have the same face and eye
Not the only one: one Twitter user was very pleased that others also saw similarities
Creating a theory: according to this user, perhaps there is a reason underlying the similar appearance of this pair
One Twitter user recently turned to the site to unveil his delight that "the rest of the internet thinks that Hoop Solo and Jennifer Carpenter are actually identical."
Indeed, the US football star and actress Dexter have incredibly similar facial shapes and eyes.
Other popular comparisons include Kerry Walsh Jennings and her smile, which is close to identical smile the actress Laura Linney, won the gold medal gymnast Gabby Douglas, who boasts her own beautiful broad smile that resembles the smile of the star of "Good Success" by Gabriel Junction.
The Olympics on the CBC commentator apologizes for saying that the Chinese swimmer "died as a pig"
Bayron's analysis of the fourth place of the fourth place at the finish of 14-year-old Ai Yankhan on the women's 4x200m freestyle relay has outraged viewers on Wednesday in a direct broadcast of the radio broadcast
The Canadian broadcaster CBC has been forced to apologise after one of its commentators said the 14-year-old Chinese swimmer "started as a thief" and "died as a pig" during a swim.
Commentator Byron McDonald thought his microphone was disconnected when he began to express his own opinion at the end of the final women's relay 4x200 m freestyle style.
It was possible to hear to "dilute her colour," said: "this 14-year-old Chinese has kicked the ball, the baby."
Too excited, started as a warrior, died as a pig.
Thanks for this.
The Chinese swimmer Ai Yanhan, who is 14 years old, sailed the second stage of the relay at 1: 57.79 - 1.61 seconds slower than Canadian-born Taylor Rak, allowing Canadians to eliminate the lag from China.
Viewers across Canada reacted quickly to the net after being shocked by the tone and used expressions
Emmet McFarlane tweeted: "in fact, the CBC announcer just said that the 14-year-old swimmer from China 'died as a pig'???"
This idiot didn't realise they were still on the air. "
About Ay Yanyhan from China in the final women's relay of the 4x200 m freestyle style said: "this little 14-year-old Chinese woman had dropped the ball, baby."
Criticism of the Tiger immediately struck Byron Bay, with many calling him to quit
Twitter users were not restrained when they heard how insensitive.
Another Twitter user, Sarah Paradiz, wrote: 'nothing to myself <hash> Amazonline.
You represent the CBC and Canada and make us look like a bunch of racists. <hash> disgust.
Soon after, Scott Russell, who led the CBC's transfer, apologized in a live broadcast for Macdonald's comments, saying: "we ask forgiveness for comment on the swimming performance has been aired. '
It was a clear choice of words, we feel sorry for it. "
The SAF ended up standing in front of more than 90 people who tweet in response to this saying
Friend commentator Scott Russell had to apologize on behalf of the Ice
CBC then copied and sent out their apology to more than 90 other Twitter users who complained about Leonard's comments
The corporal also rushed to apologize and publish a statement.
We sincerely regret that these statements were made and that they were allowed to go to the air.
Yesterday evening we acted promptly to apologize to our viewers on the live television and our subscribers in social networks.
Let's make it clear, Byron's comments treated the performance of the swimmer, not as a personality.
And yet it was an inappropriate and unfortunate choice of words, and Byron very much regrets what he said.
On Thursday afternoon, McDonald apologized in a live broadcast and tried to clarify his comment, saying he did not think his words deplored as an attack on the individual.
"I would like to take a moment to apologize for the comment I made last night after the women's relay," he said at the broadcast of the Olympics.
"I spoke about the speech of the swimmer, not about her personally."
"Needless to say, there was no disrespect, and I'm sorry."
Buyer Primark robbed a woman who shunned the underwear in the middle of the store
The buyers did not know where to take a look when a woman was naked to sample the panties, on the floor with shops in the midst of Primark.
Even worse, she measured how she looked, knocking them out and putting them back on the shelf.
She continued the search and eventually measured four pairs of underwear at the Bouverie Place shopping centre in Folkestone.
The Primark shopping centre of Bouverie Place in Folkestone, where a woman has tried knitted tubes, before putting them back on the shelf
The mother of two children Jenny Davidson, who was at this time in the store, said that after the underwear of the mystery woman again "dressed up and walked out of the store without buying anything."
She said: "people couldn't believe what they saw."
Standing in the middle of the shopping hall, she took a pair of panties from the shop window, removed her own collars and panties and put them.
"She didn't try to find somewhere a tiny place to do it - she just stood there, shameless."
"Everyone was tired when she removed the panties again, and they clearly didn't like it because she put them back on the shelf."
She did the same with three other couples before she finally decided that there was nothing she liked, dressed up again and went out.
"It doesn't seem to care who watched her, or that she thought about the man who would eventually buy these panties, which she had estimated."
The 33-year-old Jenny Davidson of Kent, said, "How to resist thinking that someone is going to take home the corpses that someone else has already worn, and they have not been washed away."
The incident happened on Tuesday afternoon.
Davidson added: "I conclude that staff are apparently trying to remove these items of clothing from the sale after she left - well and the better."
"I would not like to come home with a new couple of female cowards and discover that another woman has taken and removed them, and they have not been washed away."
A Primark spokesman said: "Primark is aware of the incident that happened at our store in Folkestone on Tuesday 9 August."
All the goods in question were withdrawn from sale.
How to protect themselves from attacks with a pistol, using a crane
The surrounding world is dangerous, but this video from the Blade Runner, perhaps helping to make it a little safer for you.
We talked to Ron Mizrachi, the magician of the Federation of crab mag in New York, to find out how to handle armed robbers at a close distance.
Whether you fit in front or back, this video will show you how to beat the robber with his weapon.
If the rear is fit, according to Mizrachi, the first thing to do is to turn so that you see the attacker and 'release the line of fire'.
Then you firmly squeeze the gun between your forearm and shoulder, before hitting them in the face of a free elbow.
Then it follows the knee in the footsteps, and as long as the attacker bend from the pain, you pull the gun out of his hands, pull it in the face of the barrel and turn back, holding his.
For the armed, suitable front, the way to perform is similar - remove your body from the line of fire, quickly grab a pistol and twist it so that the villain cannot shoot.
At the same time, move the weight on the gun and hit the attacking fist in the chest, then pull the gun out of his grip, before stepping back and targeting him.
Is it difficult?
Watch the video to see how Mizrachi.
But remember that the safest way out of any robbery - if you're not a master of theft - is to give your cash.
For travel guide, Ian Wright spends his tongue on Europe's most dirty places
A British holidaymaker has exposed his immune system and vomiting reflex to a serious test, exposing some of the most dirty and disgusting places in Europe.
The presenter and author of travel books Ian Wright, 51, from Safafka, held the language on euro banknotes, pertains to Circus Piccadili, a button washing the toilet in train and the Russian public telephone to prove the strength of their immune system.
Before licking every object, he used a luminometer to show himself and us what he was doing.
But the experiment, which is to become a film called "The Guide to the Traveler-Lamazon by Inner Power," gave some surprising results.
The thought of getting the washing button in a train that is used by thousands of others may be extremely disgusting, but there are actually more bad bacteria in the kitchen sink.
Throughout the trip across Europe, Wright spoke with doctors and nurses about the increase in intestinal bacteria and his own health.
Unfortunately, nothing of the appearance brought him more than a bad taste in the mouth.
Wright became known for testing the strength of his intestines, traveling the world and eating strange and amazing things.
From the public railings on the train stations to flushing toilet, this task undoubtedly tested his immune system
In the film he took off, he said: 'from my childhood I was absolutely carefree about my health and I pulled a lot of different things in my mouth from the ground, eating worms and dirty water.'
He certainly proved his reputation during the film.
The only thing he refused is a dirty Russian public toilet.
His trial smear showed a luminometer value exceeding 4,000 units.
For comparison: just washed hands should be within 60.
But there was one Russian public toilet, which he refused to licking after the value of its luminometer was more than 4,000 units, while just the stretched hands show less than 60
Wright and the Finnish manufacturer of dairy products Valio filmed a film about a traveler called "The Guide of the Traveler-Lamazon by Inner Power," which demonstrates the number of bacteria in different places, such as the toilet
In the film, he reported: 'it's close to one of the worst things I've sniffed at the toilet.'
There's nothing more dirty than that!
I'm not going to lick anything, because it's disgusting.
"The Guide of Traveller-Lamazon by Inner Sole" was filmed together with Finnish manufacturer of dairy products Valio.
The company provided Wright Valio Gefilus, which contains acid bacteria, as well as vitamins C and D to help accelerate the growth of human intestinal bacteria and develop the immune system.
Senior Vice President Valio on snacks, juices and new categories Niko Vuorenmaa said: 'we really wanted to offer consumers something new.
What would be interesting to look at and at the same time could explain the benefits of probiotics.
We had a brainstorm that ended with the idea of "let's call Ian."
They argue that the interest in bowel health is becoming a global phenomenon
Instead of just talking about products, we wanted to put them into a larger context: good and bad bacteria in our daily environment, the importance of bowel health and how it is associated with the immune system.
The growing interest in bowel health is a global phenomenon, and with the help of this documentary, we were able to present consumers more information about this in an interesting form.
I also think that the film shows that we have a good sense of humour!
Tom Hakala, who was director of the film, added: 'let's say: I would lose respect for Jan if he poured some things I asked for, such as the disgusting Russian toilet shown in the film.'
Naturally, some things were easier to hide, and some were quite tough.
I am glad that some of these images have been taken to the film. '
In a survey conducted in 2015, Valio, 84 percent of respondents linked oxygen bacteria exclusively with a good condition of the stomach and intestines, and 58 percent said they consume, at least occasionally, products containing added oxygen bacteria.
Family of hooligans destroyed Saltash, Cornwall, on the eve of the eviction
The hooligans' family has left their municipal home with losses of £50,000 after they were evicted for harassing their neighbours.
Tanya Skeldon and her partner Sean Trebikka expelled from their property in Saltash, Cornwall, after a long list of complaints against them.
After they were forcibly evicted from the property, the shocked officials of the housing and construction cooperatives discovered this property in a state that required repairs.
The walls were left with gaping holes, the stripes were broken, the debris was scattered across the floor and walls were covered with graffiti.
The family is now resettled and is expected to live in a private apartment
Donna McKee, a selfless in Memphis, said she feared he was not saving him.
She said: 'it was an absolute nightmare for the people here, and I don't think people should so live.
There are many things that need to be weighed up, because this property is likely to be known as not a very good aspect of Cornwall.
This family enjoys bad fame, and their name is bad.
The couple had three sons, who lived in the property's property from time to time, and police reports that the kingdom of terror caused by the family included fights on the street with baseball bat, intimidation of residents of nearby areas, drug use, drug trafficking, excessive screams, disputes and abuse.
Skeldon, 47, whose name was on the lease agreement, received a warrant for anti-social behaviour in June.
In several rooms at home that can be demolished, found old garbage
Floor boards in the house in which drugs were sold in the past were derailed
Neighbors say they saw fights on the street and regularly summoned police
Cornwall Housing forcibly evicted her and her partner this week after being given an extended period of 11 weeks for voluntary departure.
The eviction was welcomed by neighbors who said their lives were turned into a harsh hell.
One reported: 'they didn't bother anyone.'
We lived next to them for 20 years and it was always bad.
The number of times we have seen the police here is unbelievable.
"This morning, we couldn't sleep."
We stood up because here was so quiet - we were not used to it!
Now that they have finally left, everything will be fine.
Adam Fitzpatrick, head of the Neighborhood Assistance Group, said the family was not able to cooperate with local authorities.
Family lived in the house for 20 years, with police, and then regularly summoned police
Garbage and old toys were scattered below the sprawling side of the municipal
He added: 'it's a shame that the landlord has not been able to accept any responsibility for the behaviour of her and her family, since eviction is always the last method of action that is considered to be Cornwall.
This was a very difficult case, as the behavior was marginal, and their actions must have been terrifying for its watching neighbours.
I appreciate all the work that my team, the police and members of the Devon and Cornwall community who brave themselves to give us information.
I hope that this development will give a little comfort to neighbors and send a signal that social behaviour will not be tolerated.
Fitzpatrick reported that all three sons lived in the house at different times, but said they were all then a little more than 20.
A dirty mattress remaining on the floor in one of the bedrooms after eviction
Settlement workers will now have to remove the piles of garbage that surrounds the house
In 2014, police arranged a search in the house and found more than 70 grams of cannabis, as well as scales, matching supplies and 1,700 £in cash.
Skeldon was fined after pleading guilty to possession of Class B drugs.
She said the money went to pay gravestones for her son, Lee Skeldon, who died in a car crash in 2013.
After being made homeless, there is information that Tanya and her partner now live in Plymouth.
The walls of many rooms of the house were stuffed with graffiti across the surface.
Police say they will try to evict tenants who are not subject to the rules of renting the premises
Angela Crowe, of Devon and Cornwall Police, said the eviction sent a clear warning to other tenants who continue to violate the rules.
"This is a message to those who feel that they can behave without blaming the prosecutor, as well as those who do harm such behaviour," she said.
Criminal and anti-social behaviour will never be tolerated by Devon and Cornwall Police, who will continue to work with partners to protect our communities.
Tourists in Portugal came in horror when a low-flying military plane barely touched the beach
In the city of Aveira in Portugal, tourists who love to soak up the sun, fearful for their lives
The P-Ecuadorian military air force of Portugal flew incredibly low
The Air Force reported that he had performed a training flight, but insisted on no risk to safety
This is the moment when terrified tourists start to panic, while the moment when a low flying plane has spied over a crowded beach.
The dramatic footage shows a military plane flying almost at a distance from the hunters on a strip of sand in Aveiro, northern Portugal.
As soon as they became understandably concerned about the noise of the plane's engines, but without being able to see what was moving towards their side through the clouds.
The incident occurred last night near the town of Aveira in Košta Nova.
Daniel Pippin, one of several vacationers who posted a video of a shocking flight on social networks, said: "he flew quite low twice, and there was a moment, at some point, it seemed to be broken."
Nuno Arroja added: "I was surfing and I swear, there was such a feeling that the plane was about to fall on me."
Tourists on the beach of Aveira were terribly frightened when the plane appeared out of the fog and flew at an extremely low altitude
Portugal's Air Force said today that the P-3C Orion plane pilot was carrying out a training flight to detect fishing vessels from the shore and was forced to drop so low as it was the only way to test them.
The pilot said the plane had flown slightly lower than usual due to the lack of visibility caused by smoke from nearby burning forests, but the air force insisted that no one was exposed to the danger.
This summer, the forest fires have damaged the mainland of Portugal, as well as the lives of four people on Madeira Island.
Portugal's Air Force made today's announcement that the pilot had to fly so low due to the circumstances - thick fog and smog from forest fires that worsened visibility
The plane was carrying out a training flight and the pilot was tasked with discovering fishing boats as part of the assignment
The "HACCP" system has already been mandatory for the general public for more than a year, but most of the cafes and restaurants of St. Petersburg have not yet been implemented.
Checks are becoming more active, and businesses face fines of up to 1 million roubles.
For more than a year, Hazard Analysis and Critical Control Points (HACCP, in the Russian version of HACCP) - risk analysis and critical control points - is required by manufacturers and carriers of food, as well as companies in the field of catering in Russia as a member of the Customs Union (TC).
The business inspection of the Rosospnadzor for compliance with these norms in St. Petersburg began in February 2015.
But so far, officials have issued fines only for individual violations of regulations (see "List of Documents...").
The regulations in general will cost the company 600 thousand rubles for the first violation and 1 million rubles for the second.
The HACCP as a system that takes into account the risks when working with food and preventing them, invented in the US in the 1960s.
Then it was about the safety of food for astronauts.
Now the system is used in all food companies not only in the USA, but also in Canada, and in the European Union.
Since February 2015, the IDF has been operating in the TC.
For the development and implementation of the system, the business was 4 years old (HACCP requirement appeared in the TC technical regulations in 2011).
However, entrepreneurs themselves and officials admit that most companies have not even heard of this norm.
We, unfortunately, have long been confident that the norm only applies to food production, not restaurateurs, - explained the head of the Public Council Elena Cereteli.
Now everyone is trying to catch up.
The expected resumption of charter flights to Turkey is the end of August - the beginning of September.
But in the demand they will not call, as their target audience - families with children - is already preparing for school, experts say.
The alliance of travel agencies yesterday sent a letter to the government asking for now to allow charters.
"For many Russian tourists, the issue of the and that the opening of the Ministry of Transport in August will not significantly affect the existing demand for the Russian sea product quality and affordable sea vacation is insoluble, as most of the facilities in Krasnodar Territory and the Republic of Crimea have already been booked by the end of September," the authors note, and that the opening of the charter transportation in August will not affect.
As reported in the North-West Regional Department of the Russian Tourism Union (PCT), if the aviation departments of Russia and Turkey quickly contract, the resumption of charter flights to Turkey can be expected within a month.
A clear understanding of when the charters will be renewed, so far, it depends primarily on the aviation authorities.
It is technically possible to fly planes in September, even August if tour operators quickly build programs and contract with airlines about the necessary directions, "says Pavel Rumyantsev, deputy director of communications and international projects of the North-West Regional Department of the PCT.
According to him, the possible resumption of charters is good news, but will not too affect the arrangement of forces in the market, because the main buyers of charter tours - families with children - have already returned from holiday and prepare for school or spend holidays in other countries.
In the velvet season, the tours are mostly single travelers and couples.
Charter programs can count on those who have the opportunity to rest spontaneously, "says Pavel Rumyantsev.
"Turkey has a chance to attract many tourists if it now gives very budget proposals - 50-60 thousand roubles for a tour for two, because there are people who are purposely waiting for very cheap tours," says Valerie Rosenthal, general director of the travel agency Optio-Travel.
Otherwise, it is not worth counting on the excitement - the bulk of travel is already planned.
Pavel Rumyantsev also believes that because there is demand for regular flights to Turkey, charters will also be in demand, but there is no need to wait.
"For Turkey, the launch of charters now is a rehearsal of next season," says Paul Rumyantsev.
"The opening of charters to Turkey is positive news for next season," Valery Rubtsova said.
The tax code provides for the exemption from legal provisions related to the reimbursement of compensation payments within the approved norms relating to the reimbursement of caused by injury or other health damage.
The competent workers engaged in the work with harmful conditions of work, milk under.
While rules and conditions of extradition are set by the order of the Ministry of Health and Social Development of Russia from 16.02.2009 № 45n.
According to this document, free milk or other equivalent food products is produced by workers in the days of actual employment at work with harmful labour conditions due to the presence of harmful production factors in the workplace.
According to the above-mentioned norms, Federal Tax Service of Russia in the considered letter came to the conclusion that on the basis of Article 217 of the Russian Federation from the cost of milk, issued by the workers in the days of actual employment on works with harmful working conditions of the order of the Russian Ministry for Healthcare and Social Development from 16.02.2009 № 45n.
The Moscow Gazette was left without a license of the Central Bank.
On Friday, August 12, 2016, the Central Bank of Russia withdrew the license for carrying out banking operations at the credit organization Active Commercial Bank "GAZSTROYBANK" registered in Moscow.
According to the regulator, JSC "GAZSTYBANK" carried out high-risk credit policy related to placing money in low-quality assets.
An adequate assessment of the risks at the request of the supervisory authority and a reliable reflection of the value of the bank's assets have resulted in a credit organization of grounds for the implementation of the bankruptcy measures.
In addition, the credit organization was involved in conducting dubious transit operations.
The bank is appointed a temporary administration for the term of validity until the appointment in a competitive manager or liquidator.
The powers of the executive bodies of the credit organization under federal laws are suspended.
JSC "GAZSTROYBANK" is a participant of the deposit insurance system.
Let us recall that the payment of insurance indemnity to depositors of the bank, including individual entrepreneurs, in accordance with the Federal Law No. 177-FZ "On insurance of deposits of individuals in the banks of the Russian Federation" is provided in the amount of 100% of the balance, but not more than 1.4 million rubles.
The payments, according to the Deposit Insurance Agency, will begin no later than August 26, 2016.
According to the data, the assets of JSC "GAZSTROYBANK" were 335 in the banking system of the Russian Federation on August 1, 2016.
London schoolgirl who joined ISIS killed in Syria
Kadiza Sultana, one of three British schoolgirls who left London last year to join ISIS, reportedly died in Syria.
Tassem Akunji stated that her family had learned of her death in Raqqa, Syria, a few weeks ago.
It is alleged to have died from a Russian air strike in Rakka, the terrorist groups in the country, as reported by ITV News on Thursday.
The Sultan was 17 years old and, according to her family, she died just as she planned to leave the war-torn country and return to England.
"One can only hope that the only advantage of this is as gravestone and testament to others, that these are the risks that we are talking about when traveling to the war zone - to convince people to ever make the same choice," Akunji said.
In February 2015, Sultan and two other schoolgirls from east London sat on a plane to Turkey and then on a bus to the Syrian border.
The Sultans family said she married the ISIS militant in Syria and became a widow for months.
Reed claims Clinton will remain loyal to Garland as a candidate for the Supreme Judge in case of election
The leader of the Democrats in senate Harry Reed says he is convinced that Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton will nominate Judge Merrick Garland to the Supreme Court if elected as president.
Senate Republicans blocked the approval of Garland, the way President Barack Obama nominated him in March.
The head of the majority party in the Senate Mitch McConnell declares that the next president will choose the person who will be able to replace the last judge of the Supreme Court Antonin Scalia.
Reed said at a conference call on Thursday that he predicts Clinton will choose Garland "with some degree of confidence."
A spokeswoman for Reed later said he had not spoken to Clinton directly about whether she would nominate Garland, and simply built assumptions.
He praised Garland and said that Clinton's team would not want to "swing the boat" with a new choice.
Garland is the Chief Justice of the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia.
Reed said Republicans, who block Garland's nomination, are the "primaries" and "accomplices" of Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump.
He stated that Trump is not suitable for the post.
Treats declares erotic calendars for 'women, as well as for men'
The Treats magazine is cooperating with photographer David Blelmeer to release the calendar for 2017, inspired by the 1970s.
But instead of nude celebrities they are set to find the next generation of top models for their calendar for 2017 with nude flies.
President Treats Steve Shaw told us earlier this year that his magazine with a lot of nude models is different from the old-fashioned boots, because "Hello is for men."
I do it for women.
Obviously, he thinks that the calendar too.
"We need to go back to the demonstration of an eternal and classic nude figure where women, as well as men, feel comfortable and inspired by these images of the female body," Shaw said in a press release announcing the calendar.
Women will want to be part of this project because it is a beautiful work of art.
Models can take photos online or personally at open castings in Los Angeles and New York.
Muscovites will give memorials about unfair Internet shops.
In Moscow, it is planned to release a memorial that will tell you how not to become a victim of an online store.
This was reported in Rosconsumed TV, writes M24.
It is reported that the agency's specialists are preparing a memorial that will help citizens to correctly choose an online store and recognize possible fraudulent schemes.
The concept of this brochure provides several sections.
It will be general information and legislative framework, rules for the delivery of goods, ways to protect their legal rights.
The application will provide guidance on how to make a claim and so on, "said.
The memorial is currently being finalized.
It will subsequently be posted on the website of RosUkrznadzor in Moscow, it is planned to release the printed version and give to mosquitoes.
The Russian Foreign Ministry has published a statement calling the name of the second suspect in the organization of the diversion in Crimea.
Persons from the number of citizens of Ukraine and Russia who assisted in the preparation of terrorist acts were detained.
Among them - Panov Evgeny Alexandrovich and Zakharey Andrey Romanovich.
"They all provide confessions," the message reads.
An earlier resident of Zaporozhye region Yevgeny Panov, who was detained on suspicion of organizing terrorist attacks in Crimea, admitted his guilt at the interrogation.
FAS is covering Google for 438 million roubles.
Russia's Federal Antimonopoly Service (FAS) has imposed an administrative fine on Google's corporation of 438 million rubles, according to the agency's website.
"The penalty for Google for violating the antitrust legislation was 438 million roubles.
We hope that the company will execute our decision and pay a fine in the near future, "said Deputy Head of FAS,.
In the course of the investigation, FAS established that Google supplies smartphone manufacturers that are sold on the territory of Russia, the Google Play app store only on the condition that the device will be installed and other applications of the corporation.
Among these applications is a search engine, which should be placed on the main smartphone screen.
Thus, the corporation violates Article 10 of the FZ "On Protection of Competition" (abuse of dominant position).
We are confident that the execution of the precept will provide an opportunity for the development of competition in the mobile software market in Russia, which is favorable to our consumers.
The law "On protection of competition" is necessary to comply with all companies whose products are delivered to the territory of the Russian Federation, and transnational corporations including, "noted the head of the Directorate of Communications and Information Technologies of the Federal Communications and Information Technology FAS Russia Elena Zaev, Head.
The agency suspects 16 Russian stores.
New book chain fined for selling the book "50 days before my suicide."
A chain of "New Book" stores has been fined for selling the book Steys Kramer "50 days before my suicide," the city news agency "Moscow" reported.
As reported by Rosconsumnadzor, without specifying the amount of fine, the text of the book may be considered "provoking or motivating to the suicidal behavior of children and adolescents."
The Ostankino District Court confirmed the violation of the established distribution requirements among children of information products and ordered a fine with the confiscation of 49 copies of printed products arrested by the Rospotrebnadzor.
A source in the New Book confirmed that it is about the work of Stein Kramer.
In March this year, it was reported that in Moscow's largest bookstores, there were checks for the book "50 days before my suicide."
In Moscow there will be an evening of memory of Ernst Unknown.
The evening of the memory of the sculptor Ernst Unknown, reports TASS.
The event will take place on August 15.
Unfortunately, not everyone will be able to say goodbye to the unknown in the US personally.
Therefore it was decided to arrange this evening for those who want to drink it on their native land, "said the press-service of the Russian Jewish Congress.
There noted that it is important for the widow of sculptor Anna Graham and his friends around the world.
Close friends of the Unknown, including the poet Yevgeny Yevtushenko, the artist Boris Messerir, the President of the Pushkin, the head of the Russian Academy of Culture, Alexander Kubovsky, Deputy Mayor of Moscow, Leonid Pechatnikov, were invited to the evening.
Previously it was reported that the relatives of Ernest Unknown had planned to hold a panic attack on a sculptor in New York, allegedly until August 14.
The end consumer vinyl: who actually buys the disc?
Single men of middle years love vinyl.
And as long as you have not rushed into the section of comments by rude insults under the pseudonym of the Non-All-Odyssey, this statement follows from the actual data.
According to YouGov, so much discussion of the revival of is caused not by boom among a generation of two thousand who want to permeate the novelty of the material subject, but nostalgia of the middle years.
Those who recently bought a vinyl album with a great deal of probability are between the ages of 45 and 54, according to the data.
Moreover, those who belong to the age group of 18-24 are the least likely.
It is also not just an act of collecting amateurs - it has an emotional meaning: more senior buyers of vinyl are slightly more likely to keep their feelings in themselves (56% vs. 53%) and enjoy loneliness (69% vs. 66%).
But are the results of YouGov faithful?
If this blog was a television news report, the camera would follow me while I was walking along the center of Soho's busy street, in a modest fashion suit and a buoyant gesture, folding my hands and saying something suggestive: "so let's see."
So let's see.
While the heart of Soho is slowly losing its charm and dirt - hotels, cafes, Paperchase shops now shelved buildings once occupied by independent sellers - several music shops with fantastic specialists still remain.
I would probably ask the camera to stop for the next scene in which I am close to various people in some of these stores and try to assess their age and emotional mood through surveillance.
A native of Glasgow Stewart, 55, for whom I was walking from Ray Ray (data count: two young women, three middle-aged men) to Reckless Records (counting data: eight middle-aged men, one woman, probably over 20 years old), in London for a half-day to hold a meeting, and walk around the shops to take several hours.
He's a collector, I ask?
"I suppose yes," he says.
I have about 3,000 or 4,000 plates.
These plates, pictured above (he sent me an email shot, I don't get it to the house), go the lines along the walls of his living room.
His reason for the acquisition of such a huge number of albums and singles in part follows his disposable income: he can now buy discs that he couldn't afford when they just went out, and buy items he sold when he was young and on the mound.
"A lot of what I'm acquiring is the end of the 60s, the beginning of the 70s, things that came out when I was 11 or 12, things for which I was probably too young to buy," he says.
He agrees that those who buy the disc are most likely introverts who like their own company, adding: "I don't smoke, I don't drink very much.
This is my disadvantage.
Wes, 25, who works at Sister Ray, also believes that many of the clients he meets meet the YouGov profile.
He, however, noticed a new wave of people being influenced by the noise in the media, people who heard about the return and felt the obligation to buy their old records.
Judging by the conversations I had, people got rid of their collection, usually around 1998 or 1999.
Customers who once sold their vinyl to buy CDs are now selling their CDs to buy their discs, "he says.
This may explain the boom among figures of revival of a certain age.
What about the supposed emotional importance of plastic?
It is sufficient to spend a few seconds in a shop, such as Phuc to understand that plastic stores offer a comfortable society to people with similar views.
According to Wayne, some more senior clients, in particular, are offended by the cash payment system.
Some vinyl lovers can feel a shock from the digital world and prefer to break into the consistency of familiar envelopes for plastic, items that awaken memories of a serene youth.
"I think sometimes it can be filling the void or possessing material things as a sort of calming," says Welz.
Since I'm a journalist myself, I have it, and I think a lot of people, too.
It's a simple way to take your head.
"We like their social workers!," said a colleague from a plastic bag.
An ICM poll in April showed that almost 50% of people who bought a vinyl album last month have not yet listened to it.
The poll also found that 41% have a cigarette they never enjoy, while at 7%, of those who buy vinyl, there is no player of the plastic.
At this stage of the news report, I would probably have looked seriously puzzled, pouring the shelves with Bosano's collections.
The "trophy" aspect of the revival is what Johnny, 42, who works in Sounds of the Universe (counting data: three men of middle years).
"Someone came up recently and said:" I don't have a record player, but I want to buy a Radiohead disc so we can put it to my shelf, "he says.
It's not a big percentage, but so definitely happens.
More part of the delusion, less music.
We have people who say, "I don't have a record player."
These are younger people, not older, they are a little less than twenty, who are only familiar with it.
Fopp, who has now led almost the entire floor of vinyl, a much more diverse audience when I arrive.
There are a couple who are 70, tourists who take photographs, teenage boys and middle-aged women.
Although the atmosphere is less relaxed than in the aforementioned stores - the latest singles and sexy-pop Wild Beast, rather than jazz improvisation, is punching through columns - it is nice to see diversity in its customers.
None of them looks particularly lonely, but painful psychological trauma is difficult to set up in 30 seconds next to someone.
Eleanor, 27, was walking on Fopp for a few minutes, looking at the various records available in the sale.
It looks at goods rather than spending money.
She does not earn much, according to her, so collecting the records is not a very suitable option.
It is expensive.
Listening to music on a computer or other device is easy, but the beauty of vinyl is... "she lost in dreams with a sigh of relief.
I do not know how to explain - it really is unique.
My last stop is the shop, which is said to have contributed to the emergence of a new generation of wine lovers: urban motorists.
I'm creating the illusion that I am looking at jeans hugging shorts, I watch a group of teenage girls, every minute gathering around the Polaroid camera, before my father and his daughter begin to discuss the purchase of a Burnley player.
On the left is a staircase, the wall of which is surrounded by Adele, Jeff Buckley, Amy Winehouse and Flightwood Machk: a mix of modern style and classic, mandatory records for any medium collection.
No one is looking - perhaps because they are just a decoration, some are so high on the wall, that it would be impossible to touch them.
It is a real "art vinyl."
But, given that any attention to these subjects could mean more money for the industry and send a few customers to the depths of Soho for a while, almost nothing to complain about.
Not surprisingly, the people who are more likely than most to have more time and money than most is the layer that spends most of the money on luxury items, such as vinyl.
But while my findings suggest that the results are accurate, at least in the stores of Soho's plastics, they do not rule out the existence of a huge number of women collectors and amateur vinyl that exist in reality, in plastic stores and on online forums.
These people are likely to work hard at school or offices.
But they clearly don't spend the morning on Thursday, walking shopping on Berwick Street, swapping records and avoiding the views of a nasty 30-year-old fake presenter who hangs over the shoulders of nothing unsuspecting men of middle-aged.
Greenland polar shark - the longest-lived vertebrate animal - video report
Scientists claim that the Greenland polar shark has the highest life expectancy from all vertebrates on the planet.
Julius Nielsen, who studies these sharks, says the record has put a female between the ages of 272 to 512 years and a length of five metres
French court rejects proposal to demolish shops in refugee camp Jungli
A French court has rejected a proposal by the Kale authorities to carry dozens of self-made shops and restaurants in the Jungle camp, where thousands of refugees live.
At a court hearing this week, Kale authorities expressed that the state should be able to carry a total of 72 self-contained shops where people inside the camp sell goods, from cigarettes to energy drinks, offer to cut or sell tea for 50 cents (40p) or the simplest meals for a few euros in self-made restaurants.
Kalale Prefecture has expressed that these places should be demolished because they represent a parallel economy that does not pay taxes, and because they carry a fire and sanitary risks.
Humanitarian groups told the court that shops and restaurants are vital, saying free meals offered by the pro-government association and other groups do not provide enough food for the growing population in the camp.
They said that self-made shops and restaurants often provide shelter and free food to those who need it.
The Lilil court ruled that there was no legal basis to frighten people managing 72 self-made stores, but stated that the problems of Kale "were fully understood."
Judge Jean-François Molla said the grocery, cafes and restaurants played a much bigger role than simply feeding people who "live in extremely precarious conditions."
He said the spaces provided calm points of meeting refugees and volunteers.
One of the places that was at risk of demolition was the children's cafeteria of the Jungle Book at the camp, which works not for the benefit and offers 200 lunches a day, lessons in English and French and a consultation on asylum for hundreds of vulnerable minors in the camp.
More than 170,000 people have signed a petition to protect children's cafeteria.
The letter sent to the Guardian stated that its closure "would be a disaster for these children, some of whom are no older than eight."
Two charities, Help Refugees and L'Auberge des Migrants on Friday estimated that the number at the Jungle camp has grown and exceeded 9,000 people - the highest in history - after a sharp increase in new arrivals during the summer.
The libraries of microdistricts invite young people for cognitive programs.
This week, the library-branches will hold meetings dedicated to the city's heritage, the Year of the Russian Cinema, and even the Day of Physical Culture.
Programs are aimed at children's audience, so most of them will take place in game form.
Today, on August 10, the library-branch <hash> 2, in the bay district, invites to the cruise-presentation "Gorodka my little."
On August 11, in the library-branch № 1 there will be a local lore hour "I live in this city, I know this city."
In the library-branch <hash> 2, on the same day, there will be a multimedia lesson "Earth native last destiny."
And in the library-branch <hash> 4 in Surazevka - a game program "Film, film, film."
On Sunday, August 14, for the guys from the northern district, the library-branch < hash > 3 will hold the game program "Fizcult-hello!"
Britain stops at Wembley Stadium in rugby-7 after Fiji's master class allows them to take gold
Britain's impressive series in the Regby 7 was cruelly halted on the final hurdle by Fiji's team in the final on Thursday night when they were fully defeated 43-7 at DeAngelo Stadium here in Rio.
Fiji gave a master class on possession of the ball, dissolving, evading, supporting the game, running lines and brute force to win gold - their first Olympic medal of any color.
The defeat came with not too poor consolation in the form of silver - the third in Britain for a day - and they could be proud of their efforts in the first Olympic rugby tournament, in which the New Zealand, Argentina and South Africa won.
The painful beating of the Boks, 7-5 in the semi-final earlier on the same day, could have come back to negatively affect them in the finals.
But, in spite of anything, Fiji won in such a form a team of 15 people.
It may be some consolation for the UK - but probably not - that at least one Briton will hang tomorrow on the neck of the gold medal: Fiji's head coach - Ben Ryan, the former England skipper from Wimbledon.
This has been some journey for the UK.
Eight years ago, under Ryan, they lost every game on Homo sapens.
Here they lost just one.
These blows will cause pain, but the progress is striking.
Fiji has started great, for the fun of the UK's attempts to intercept the ball.
It was like hitting a column of moving buses for captain Tom Mitchell and the company, and the World Series champions went up 5-0 when Oseia Koliniau diving into the corner.
With four minutes on the clock Jerrir Tuvali added another touchdown on the right flank that was implemented.
12-0 and Great Britain barely touched the ball.
A magnificent attempt to intercept Mitchell held a man-mountain Leona Nakavaru from scoring a third, but that only delayed Fiji.
In the seventh minute, Jasa Veremalua made a touchdown in the right corner, and the UK lost 17-0.
Nakarawa added another after resuming and on the clock it was still more than a minute... in the first half.
Vatomo Rakovo then broke through a few more sluggish attempts to intercept Britain and stormed the line to get a point.
The implementation led to a 29-0 in the break.
It looked as if Fiji were born to play rugby-7, while the UK still mastered the craft.
Which is largely the case.
The United Kingdom made massive replacements for half the game, and they thanked the Philadelphia dam... for all four minutes, which by the standards of the first half was good until Joshua Tuisov came in after several brilliant Fijian interactions.
Dan Norton grabbed a try for the UK by making a touchdown in the left corner to score 36-7, but the game was long gone by way of the island of South Sea, whose fans sang, waving flags and danced in the stands.
It was impossible not to admire the full joy of Fiji's approach.
Mata William Matembellished Fijian cake, which did not need embellishment, another attempt in the final seconds.
The whistle sounded, the Fijians hugged, and the UK fell on the lawn, completely defeated.
Earlier on the same day, Fiji defeated Japan 20-5 in their semi-final, and Britain had a bit left South Africa in a tense semi-final of one attempt each - the difference of British implementation.
Kyle Brown pulls Boks forward in the first half, but Dan Norton by means of some magnificent leg work tore the line and scored under the beams in the second half.
A brilliant last-minute interception from Marcus Watson, brother of the 15th to the England squad, Anthony, secured the victory - and ultimately a silver medal.
Helen Glover and Heather Stanford are inspired to win in the rowing battle of the coach with cancer
There will be no more exciting gold at these games, and it's about something says.
From the first movement to the last, 220 heavy climbs in history, Helen Glover and Heather Stanning found the extra value of their golden moment on Estacio da Lagoa.
Even though they were the two who pulled the paddle, there were three voices in this boat, the echo of coach Robyn Williams was always as long as they were aiming for the second consecutive Olympic gold medal in female pairs, the first women in the annals of British sport who had reached such a height.
Their superiority was absolute, after all it was their 39th undefeated performance, again unprecedented.
What we see, two brilliant sportswomen sliding across the surface with the elegance of the swans, do not fully reflect the nature of triumph.
Behind each gold rowing a battalion of ready hands, contributing to gradually increasing victories that are important, and no hands, which were more important than the hands of a coach who 30 months ago when he was diagnosed with cancer, did not know whether he lived to see this day.
As he said, it was a dangerous thing.
I had bladder cancer, which is one of the things that they can wear and they did.
If they don't, it goes everywhere.
It could have been a pretty bad situation.
It changes your views of the future.
Williams was diagnosed in December 2013.
The trio were lucky that he could start treatment early in 2014 in the interseason, keeping the schedule gap minimal if it could be the right expression in circumstances like these.
I needed payment, so I needed to recover quickly.
It was an incentive.
I was in the hospital and walking along the separation - 20 feet, 30 feet, 50 feet for once, even though they spoke was quite a few steps.
This is how it starts.
The rowing itself is a journey, but it makes it a bit more.
In the next moment, after the victory, their first thoughts were about Williams, who spent a nervous morning talking a little more than usual, in an attempt to overcome his own experiences.
Stanning, the captain of the artillery regiment with the service in Afghanistan behind the shoulders, said: "I was an emotional wreck this week, perhaps a bit too much, but it means so much."
This only confirms how much it means to me how much I and Helen worked, and Robin, too.
It's been a fantastic three years with Helen and Robin.
Without Robyn we would be a niche, so huge thanks to him, he is the best coach in the world.
I could not ask for a better partner for training or a better coach.
Helen Glover and Heather Stanning have not lost a single race in five years.
This pair sets a tense rhythm that their competitors could never match.
Even in the last 500 metres, when the teams of New Zealand and Denmark began approaching, Bunning and Glover had too much in reserve.
We were heavily in the phase.
She said: "stay in the process, stay in the process."
Now it is very important not to get involved.
We had a good start, and at the same time we didn't try to do something amazing.
We didn't wait for the fireworks today, we just waited to be able to get well and go out and win this race, which we did.
The pair will take a year to decide their future.
Glover needs to be at the wedding next month, on her own with television screenwriter Steve Becschulle.
Now she wants to just enjoy the moment.
I didn't want to say that this was my last race.
That would mean too much pressure.
In London, it took about six months to realize that I became the Olympic champion.
It was all so new and I was so tense.
It took about four minutes.
Feel so much better, "she said.
The Government has extended the period of destruction of the sanction products
The government has extended the period of destruction of foodstuffs prohibited to import to Russia by the end of 2017.
The corresponding decree signed by Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev, it is published on the official legal information portal.
The embargo against countries that imposed anti-Russian sanctions due to the situation in Ukraine was introduced in our country in August 2014.
The ban was subsequently extended repeatedly, now valid until December 31, 2017.
It is prohibited to import certain types of agricultural products, raw materials and food from the United States, the European Union, Canada, Australia, Norway, Ukraine, Albania, Montenegro, Iceland and Liechtenstein.
In particular, meat and meat products, fish, fish, vegetables, fruit and dairy products came under ban.
The recycling of food imported into the country bypassing the embargo is being held in Russia from August 2015.
In the first quarter of 2016 alone, about 100 tons of banned products were withdrawn from the sale.
The hunt for "banned"
Rain and thunderstorms are expected in Moscow on Friday.
Through the metropolitan region there will be an atmospheric front that will bring precipitation and lower the temperature of the air.
During the day the air is heated to 25 degrees of heat.
For example, on the night of Saturday in Moscow short-term rain, thunderstorms and wind storms up to 15 m / s will be.
The day is expected to rain with thunderstorms and wind gusts up to 12-17 m / s.
Rain with thunderstorms are also forecast in Orlov, Kursk, and Voronezh regions.
In the next working week, precipitation is unlikely.
The WTO arbitrators panel established that Russian import duties on paper, refrigerators and palm oil are contrary to the rules of the organization.
Import rates exceed the commitments made by Russia when joining the WTO.
"This is the first time the WTO has decided against the Russian Federation," the report on the organization's official website.
However, the arbitrators stressed in their conclusion that the European Union did not provide sufficient evidence that Russia's measures were "systematic" or "wore a comprehensive."
Russia, in turn, pledged soon to adapt import duties on paper and refrigerators.
This is stated in the report of the Ministry of Economic Development of Russia.
On July 4, it was reported that Kiev intends to complain to the World Trade Organization on Russia's actions, which imposed additional restrictions on the transit of Ukrainian goods.
This is said in a statement by the Ukrainian government.
In May, the Financial Times wrote that U.S. behavior in resolving contentious issues in the WTO undermines the organization's principles of discussion.
Such a statement was made by Brazil, Japan, the EU and other WTO members because of the Americans "refusal to approve the second term of the South Korean judge Chan Son Hwa.
In this regard, Russia will not turn to the WTO on the issue of Western sanctions imposed against the Russian Federation.
The WTO is an international organization established in January 1995 to liberalize international trade.
It now includes 162 countries.
Russia joined it in 2012.
The Head of the Presidential Administration replaced
Russian President Vladimir Putin has appointed the head of the own administration of former deputy Sergei Ivanov Anton Vino.
Vladimir Putin held a reshuffle in the presidential administration and expressed hope that the new head of his administration would contribute to the constructive work of the government and the Kremlin.
In turn, Anton Vaino, in the course of the meeting, stated that he considered the important anti-corruption work as head of the administration of President Ivanov, and pledged to cooperate with the government.
Previously Izvestia wrote that experts consider the situation with the resignation of Sergei Ivanov from the post of the transparent and clear and rearrangement nothing fundamentally change in the activities of the Kremlin administration.
They note that the head, who has been working in the presidential administration for quite a long time, effectively built the activity of AP.
The deputy head of the administration, Anton Vaino, is a man who knows the specifics of this work.
In Poland, they admit that they will not buy fuel from Gazprom.
The state-owned Polish oil and gas company PGNiG does not rule out that in a few years, gas supplies from the Russian Federation may become unattractive to it because of the reorientation of fuel from Norway and other countries.
This was reported by the vice-president of the Polish company Finance Bohuslav Mazatz.
His words convey TASS.
"It may so happen that we will not completely buy gas (Gazprom), we are now diversifying our supplies.
Within the next four years, the main supply lines for us will be the East, the raw materials from LNG terminals and Norway, "said Mazatz.
Gazprom currently holds a dominant position in gas supply to Poland.
On Friday, August 12, PGNiG reported that the Russian supplier in the first half of 2016 put it nearly 5.3 billion cubic meters of gas, which is 30% above the 2015 level.
The share of the Russian gas giant in purchases of PGNiG rose to 49.8% compared with 40% a year earlier.
It should be reminded that on July 22 the Antimonopoly Office of Poland did not coordinate the creation of a joint venture between Gazprom and its European partners for the construction of the Nord Stream-2 gas pipeline.
In a month earlier, Poland had left a request to Gazprom to supply 11 billion cubic meters of gas to the North Stream-2.
Alexander Medvedev, Deputy Chairman of the Board of the Holding.
The auction for the power of "North Stream-2" capacity will take place in 2017, and in the autumn of 2016 it is planned to hold an auction on its laying.
At the end of May it was reported that Gazprom is not planning to take any action in connection with the intentions of the Polish side to abandon long-term contracts for gas supply from Russia after 2022, the company's deputy chairman Alexander Medvedev, Deputy Chairman of the Board.
He recalled that in the first quarter of this year the Poles only increased by 42% of the purchase of gas from Russia.
The deputy of Gazprom added that the fact that the Polish PGNiG application to the Stockholm arbitration court does not yet mean termination of negotiations.
Earlier, the Polish company turned to the court in order to reduce the purchase price for Russian gas.
, Poland's authorized government on gas and energy infrastructure, Petr Namsky, said that the Polish authorities had decided not to extend the contract with Gazprom to supply gas.
Poland's contract with Gazprom was signed in 1996 and expires in 2022.
In March, the Polish government authorized on gas and energy infrastructure, Petr Nimsky, suggested that his country in six years could refuse supplies of fuel from the east.
According to him, Warsaw plans to build a new liquefied natural gas supply terminal, Baltic Pipe, which will connect the country with the Norwegian shelf.
Nord Stream 2 provides for the construction of two threads of the sea gas pipeline with a combined capacity of 55 billion cubic meters of gas per year from Russia to Germany by the bottom of the Baltic Sea.
A special monitoring mission (SMM) of the OSCE has increased the number of observers near Ukraine's border with Crimea.
This was reported by the first deputy head of SMM in Ukraine Alexander Hug.
"I can confirm that SMM has increased the number of observers in this area," he said, responding to the relevant question of journalists, reports RIA Novosti.
According to the OSCE, the situation on the border of Ukraine and Crimea is calm, incidents affecting security are not recorded there.
Observers monitored the events at three checkpoints across the Russian-Ukrainian border.
A video landed at the airport of Ufa passenger plane Yak-42, which rolled off the runway for 400 metres and sank on the left wing.
Video footage has been published on "360."
The ruble occurred at 4.30 Moscow time.
The flight of the airline "Krasavia" arrived from Sochi.
They were quickly evacuated to a safe place.
The aircraft itself was transported to the parking lot.
Ufa airport operates in normal mode.
The Volga Investigation Department on the transport of SCR involved finding out the reason for the hard landing of the airliner.
The UN is investigating the use of chemical weapons in Syria.
The UN special commission will investigate the possible use of toxic gas in the rebel-held areas of the Syrian city of Aleppo.
All parties to the conflict deny the use of chlorine, but the UN special envoy for Syria, Stefan de Mistura, believes that the.
Such statements came on the eve of the third round of inter-Syrian talks, which are due to begin in late August in Geneva.
UN specialists have launched an investigation into reports of chemical weapons use in the Syrian city of Aleppo.
The first information on the verdict using toxic gas, allegedly chlorine, appeared on August 2.
The opposition said that in the area where the Russian military transport helicopter was shot down on the eve of the attack, the aircraft threw bombs with a poisonous substance, but in Moscow the charges were called a brace.
Later the Ministry of Defense of Russia accused the opposition group "Harakat Nur ad-Dean al-Zinka."
It soon became known that the toxic gas bombs were two.
This confirmed the BBC one of the victims.
"A few minutes later, I felt the smell of gas, the beginning of burning my eyes, it became difficult to breathe," the paper quoted an eyewitness as saying.
As a result of the attack, at least 7 people died and 23 were hospitalized.
If the use of poison gas is confirmed by experts, actions will be considered as a war crime.
The UN special envoy for Syria, Staffan de Mistura, told journalists: "the evidence that it really happened was a lot."
The admissibility of the use of chlorine for military purposes is prescribed in the Chemical Weapons Convention (CWC).
Although all sides of the Syrian conflict deny the use of toxic gases, in 2015 human rights activists recorded 35 cases of chlorine by the Syrian army against the "moderate opposition."
The situation in Aleppo is complicated by the fact that the shelling of its districts is conducted daily, and terrorists prevent the withdrawal of residents from the city.
As Reuters reports, the UN is waiting for Russia to establish a "humanitarian pause" in hostilities.
The current regime of daily three-hour congestion in the organization is thought to be "insufficient to help nearly 2 million civilians trapped."
An adviser to Stade de Mestura on the issues of Ian Egeland said that a 48-hour ceasefire would be needed for the delivery and evacuation of the sick and wounded every week.
"But the Russian delegation confirmed the willingness to sit down with us at the roads are practically destroyed, and those that remain are mined,". "
Consultations in Geneva between representatives of the United States and Russia regarding the establishment of a "humanitarian pause" continue.
As Russia opened "humanitarian windows" in Aleppo.
In the face of the ongoing battle for Aleppo - the second largest Syrian city - Russia on August 11 announced the introduction of a three-hour cease-fire regime, which will take effect daily starting on Thursday.
The creation of "humanitarian windows" is intended to provide conditions for delivery medicines, food and items of first necessity.
The decision of the Russian Defense Ministry is taken against the backdrop of intensifying international pressure on Moscow with the demand to roll back the military operation and promote the resumption of the negotiating process.
As a result of a series of bombings in Thailand's resorts killed four people.
Several explosions took place in southern Thailand on Friday morning.
As a result of the attack killed four people, wounded 19.
The epicenter of the explosions came to the town of Hua-Hin.
Among the victims were ten foreigners, citizens of four states, the Russians are not among them.
No terrorist groups were responsible for the incident, but the country's Interior Ministry has rushed to claim that the Islamists were not involved.
Several people have already been detained on suspicion of organizing explosions.
According to preliminary data of the local police, the scale and features of the explosions indicate that they were directed against leading the country's military.
The attacks occurred at popular tourist resorts, including Patong Beach in Phuket and Hua Hin, Trang and Surat Tani.
After the military junta came to power in 2014, economic growth fell from 7.2% (2012) to 2.8% (2015), but tourism remained one of the few industries that showed development.
In 2016, the country has already visited 14 million people, with 1.5 million more indicators of 2015.
The first suspects in the preparation and organization of the attacks have already been detained, said the police colonel Krysana Patararosen.
While it is early to talk about goals, he added, but the country's Interior Ministry is "confident that with international extremist groups they are not connected."
It is too early to draw conclusions, "said Mr. Patararroen.
But we know exactly that these incidents are not directly related to any kind of terrorism, in fact these are local diversions, and we're trying to establish the identities of those behind them.
The explosions occurred on the birthday of the Queen of Thailand Sikrit.
The Thai junta considers the protection of the monarchy one of its top priorities, so the incident is likely to be directed against it.
According to the statements made by General police Sitehii Shriparcharenrat, the bombs were detonated remotely with a difference in half an hour.
They were hidden inside the trees on busy streets filled with dining in restaurants by tourists.
It is already known that one of the four dead became a Thai girl who traded street food.
The identities of the remaining victims are unknown yet, but they are known to be residents of four foreign states.
According to the Royal Thai Police, among them four German citizens, three of the Netherlands nationals, two Italian citizens and a citizen of Austria.
There are no Russians among the victims of the bombings, the press service said.
Local experts also link the bombings since the August 7 referendum, where 61.4% of the country's population supported the draft of the new constitution.
He was preparing a commission to draft a constitution appointed by the military junta.
The voting needs to be determined whether they support a system whereby the upper house of parliament is fully appointed by the military and has a significant role in the election of the prime minister of the country's prime minister.
The new system was adopted and will be tried for the first time in the parliamentary elections of 2017.
The recall, on May 22, 2014, there was a military coup under the leadership of the country's army commander, Prayuth Chan-Ocha.
This move, he said, the army was rolling out an ongoing political crisis and a lack of progress in negotiations between the government and the opposition.
The military created the National Council of Peace and Order, imposed curfew and censorship, dispersed protesters and the upper house of parliament.
How Bangkok found itself in an emergency
The Thai government led by Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra in January 2014 announced the imposition of a state of emergency in Bangkok and adjacent provinces.
The special regime extended 60 days.
The two explosions in Bangkok.
In January 2014, two explosions occurred, injuring 28 people, five of them in critical condition in the centre of Bangkok, the Victory monument, where one of the main protests took place,.
Explosions produced unknown on motorcycles.
The authorities intensified security measures in the capital and drew the forces of the military to protect the demonstrators.
In Suh Lange the development of conditions began.
As it became known, the government has been asked to agree on a draft of the terms of the auction on the gold mine of Sukhoi Log with the preservation of two key restrictions.
We do not have a company where 25% and more are owned by foreigners, and those claimants, whose capital will not be at least 25% of the state.
Industry participants are not waiting for the government to overwrite the conditions, noting that many players are not at risk of taking a difficult and expensive project.
The auction could announce in August, and hold - in October.
The Ministry of Natural Resources introduced the draft order and conditions of the auction for the largest undeveloped gold ore deposit in Russia Sukhoi Log (Irkutsk region, reserves and resources - 130 million ounces), told two sources "Kommersant" familiar with the situation.
The project was introduced Wednesday evening, clarifies one of them.
In the Ministry of Natural Resources confirmed to Kommersant that the project was put into government.
Deputy Prime Minister Alexander Khloponin told Kommersant that the project had not yet.
"The auction could be announced as early as August, immediately after the government's order was issued, and given the deadline for collecting applications of potential participants (not less than 45 days) the tender could take place as early as October," said the Ministry of Nature.
According to "Kommersant," two key requirements for potential participants in the project, which was sent to the ministries and FOIEVs in July (there is "Donbass").
The first is the presence in the capital of claimants not less than 25% of the state.
The second is the refusal to access to the auction for companies under the control of foreign investors, based on the understanding of the FZ-57 on foreign investment in strategic societies.
According to the two provisions of the draft Articles of FZ, as Kommersant wrote on August 2, the Company may not allow companies whose beneficiaries (25% and above) are not tax residents of the Russian Federation or have dual citizenship.
The government has the right to impose such restrictions, since Suhoy Log refers to the federal value (more than 50 tons of gold).
In the Ministry of Natural Resources confirmed that the project "contains restrictions on the admission of foreign companies," but declined to comment on the details before the government.
The demand for the capital of the auction participants by the Irkutsk region, said in December 2015 "Kommersant" in the Ministry of Nature and confirmed later the governor of the region Sergey Levchenko, noting that it was sent to the Ministry of Nature by his predecessor, Sergei Yeroschenko, "having an agreement on investment projects with" Rostech. "
Who lobbied for the restriction on the admission of foreigners, the interlocutors of the "troika" do not specify.
"But it is in the spirit of the times: not to give the same control in Russia's largest gold deposit against the backdrop of Western sanctions," the interlocutor of Yukos, familiar with the preparation of the auction, says.
The head of the Ministry of Natural Resources Sergei Donskoy, stated on August 1 that foreigners "can go to a consortium" if the applicants attract them "as financial structure, technology partners."
The negotiators see it as unlikely that the government will adjust the conditions.
The main contenders for Sukhoi Log in the industry is the consortium of the largest gold mining trader PJSC PJSC "Polyus," the son of Suleiman Kerimov, and "Rostech."
As "Kommersant" wrote, in July the partners created a joint venture "SIL Gold," where "Polyus" has 51% share, the structure of "Rosteh" RT-GR - 49%.
In "Rosteem" declined to comment, in "Polyus" declared "Kommersant" that "certainly interested in this activism" and possess all the necessary competences and resources for its development.
"But the final decision on the possibility and format of our participation will be taken after the announcement of the conditions," added the.
ALROSA may participate in the auction, but the decision for the government of the Russian Federation, said the sources of "Donetsk."
The Russian GV Gold and Canadian Kinross, which develops the assets at Chukotka, while Polymetal and Nordgold, according to Kommersant, are not interested in the asset.
The head of the Union of Gold Industrialists, Sergei Kashuba, estimated the "unprecedented" investment in Suhoy Log in $2.5-4 billion.
Most potential applicants are not only the volume of investments, but also the complexity of the project: serious exploration of the reserves and the technology of working with complex handles, explains.
On the pension market the largest M & A deal was launched - "KIT Finance Pension Administrator" launched the process of combining four controlled.
As a result, on the basis of the Pension Fund will be created with the amount of savings of around 373 billion roubles.
On the launch of the procedure of unification of four pension funds - "KIT Finance," "Promoting Fund," "Heritage" and "Newspaper Pension Fund" - yesterday reported the owner of 100% of the funds "KIT Finance Pension Pension Fund."
"Reorganization is carried out in agreement with the Central Bank in compliance with the requirements of non-deterioration of the conditions of existing contracts," said the company report.
The association is held on the basis of the "Pension Fund."
As the General Director of this NPF Oleg Byalositsky notes, the association of funds allows to solve several tasks: expanding geography of presence, concentration of resources for development, reduction of costs, replicating best practices of each of the funds and optimizing corporate governance.
According to him, the consolidation is the second quarter of 2017.
As a result of the merger of NPF "Gazfund Pension Savings" will become the largest player in the OTC market.
According to the data on March 31, the amount of pension savings of unifying funds exceeded 373 billion roubles.
As follows from the reports on the website of the funds, the beneficiaries of their owner - "KIT Finance Pension Administrator" - are currently Anatoly Gavrilenko (through subcontrol LLC owns 65%) and NPF "Gazfund" (35%).
However, the group itself launched much later competitors.
Thus, the sub-control group O1 NPF "VTB" absorbed "Stalfund" as early as this year.
Currently, this united NPF joins Uralsib and Russian Standard "funds.
"Integration into a single structure, in addition to cutting costs, is necessary to solve structural problems," Nikolai Sidorov, general director of the NPF, notes. "
Active work on consolidation of funds from April goes into the pension group "Safmar" - NPF "European," "Education and Science" and "Register" should be joined in the NPF "Safar" before the end of the current year.
In 2017, the NPF "Trust" will join them.
"The pooling of funds will give the effect of strengthening control over risk, operational processes and expenses," the pension group Safar.
A pause in the pool of funds held by the "KIT Finance Pension Administrator" can be caused by several reasons, experts say.
Until recently, NPF could not buy more than 40% of the volume of infrastructure bonds, which the group was actively placed.
Following amendments to the Central Bank decree in March this year by a number of issuers corresponding to the requirements of the regulator, there are.
If necessary, the whole issue can be bought by one major player, "said Yuriy Nogin, director of the rating group of financial institutions of AKRA.
Several NPF leaders from the top 15 by assets another possible reason for the pause call the division of spheres of influence and, as a result, personnel appointments in a single fund, which had to be agreed by the owners of the group.
Yesterday, Anatoly Gavrilenko was unavailable for comment.
The Gazette also did not respond to the request.
Although the consolidation of funds is a labor-intensive and inexpensive event, this decision will be justified on a long distance.
According to the general director of the consulting company "Pension Partner" Sergei Ocharov, the "Pension Fund" has fewer otters, joining will allow to stabilize the base of other funds of the group.
At the same time, more successful experience of NPF "KIT Finance" and "Promagrofund" in building retail sales of OTC as well as the use of more modern software will be demanded.
The Central Bank's demands for processes and personnel are constantly growing, so duplicating the infrastructure on four funds under a single investment policy is not appropriate, considers the managing director of corporate ratings "Expert RA" Pavel Mitrofanov.
"The effect of reducing duplicate functions is unambiguously overcutting the possible costs of unification," Mr. Mitrofanov notes.
The cost of combining four funds Sergey Ocharov estimates RUR 30-50 million rubles.
"The costs of the four funds of such size amounts to about 400 million rubles per year, with consolidation in the medium term the budget is actually halved," Mr. Ocharov said.
The Russian film "Pete and his Dragon" appeared to be a good disco.
The beautiful species of New Zealand, the dying dragon, the psychedelic history and the song-style songs are enough to re-believe the old-fashioned magic,.
The terrified child picked up the dragon, who became a human child and a gentle nurse, and a devoted friend.
Pete calls his friend Elliot, in honour of a puppy from a book of fairy tales, plays with him in catch-up and falls asleep in the impoverishment.
Six years later, it was no longer distinguishable from another slender forest ch- Mowgli.
In such a form Pita and discovers a woman-herb Gflight (Bryce Dallas Howard), while Brigitte Urban), her husband's brother, aggressively rolls the forest.
Now she will have to not only believe in the existence of the dragon, but also help him save.
Pete is undergoing an accelerated course of "being a man" surrounded by idyllic Americans who wear cowboy shirts, a moral code in the heart and smile dazzling than in any advertising.
No character looks or acts too terribly so that the viewer really begin to hate or fear.
Even the blame, which opened the hunt for an atypical inhabitant of the subservient forest, is far from the.
A huge fluffy dragon also was not to be terrible, with a good morgue of bulldozing, an airliner of the wing and the ability to become invisible.
The dragon is funny, and, fortunately, doesn't say, but it's all the time I want to wear it, it benefits from all the famous cinematic dramas.
The visual image of Elliott and his mantle hold on to such a high degree of emotional engagement that in the most tense moments they begin desperately to dig into three streams not only small audiences, but also adults.
Surprisingly good and the little Oux Figley in the role of Pete, who is torn between a possible family and a real friend.
And Robert Redford masterfully issues a canonical cat who would be happy to have literally every child.
As the director, David Lawrie managed to shoot fantastically cute remake of the forgotten Disney movie "Dragon Pita" 1977, mediocre from the nose to the tip of the tail and remembered only by a mix of animation and game cinema, and make it the most soul-filled film of this summer?
Not otherwise how a miracle helped.
In his picture, Loouri of the original, in fact, took only two things: the orphan Pete and the dragon.
Music numbers and a lot of strange noises.
In this good fairy tale the features borrowed from "Bemby," "aliens" and many other cute hearts of children's paintings are read.
Studio Disney continues to successfully expand the gallery of high-quality remixes of the 21st century.
Of course, "Pit and Dragon" is not as wonderfully beautiful as the same "Book of the Jungle," and there is no artificial villain in it, which is Kate Blanchpin's role in the new "Cinderella."
But this naive film is no less successful in believing in miracles and good in the best of Disney traditions.
By the way, the keys from Disney's magical castle director Loouri will receive once again - for an artistic film adaptation of the history of "Peter Payne."
In "Pita and his dragons" tandem, David Lowry and Francesco Tobi Mutbrux entered a new ambitious project about a non-blind boy named James Barry.
RBC journalist Alexander Sokolov will face a new charge
The lawyers of the journalist RBC Alexander Sokolov, accused of organizing the extremist structure, said that the prosecutor's office had found flaws in the case of their subprotective.
The fact that the prosecutor's office took such representation, we learned from the investigators literally yesterday.
We have been scheduled to attend a court hearing on the limitations of the criminal case, but the meeting did not take place, and the investigators were informed by the prosecutor's office of the presentation, "- quotes RBC lawyer Olga Dinze.
She said that the prosecutor's office had told investigators to mismatch the qualifications of the case and the material collected.
Now investigators will have to remove the gaps in the evidence base and present the new indictment to Alexander Sokolov.
Either in the case there will be another article of the Criminal Code (UAC) or will remain the same, but with other arguments and new evidence, Ms. Dinze said.
As reported by the Echo, Alexander Sokolov was arrested on July 29, 2015.
In June of this year, it was reported that the investigation was excluded from the indictment of RBC journalist about "breaking the political situation towards instability" and "the overthrow of power by illegal means."
-Lived the life of an Olympic man in the Olympic village, inspected the home of the Russian national team, had dinner in the local dining room and even gave the WADA test.
It seems that life goes on for a second.
Even at night.
The last starts sometimes end at midnight, after which the athletes need another hour and two to return to the Olympic village.
The, there is no settlement and eviction from the village, as some athletes complete their performances and leave Brazil, and some, on the other hand, only arrive here.
At 7: 30 a.m., the heads of all Olympic delegations are drawn to one of the temporary tenders.
At these meetings we usually discuss some operational issues, "said Igor Kazakov, head of the sports delegation of the Russian Olympic team. - Despite that the house, where we are located, is considered exemplary - it has been put into operation by one of the first and demonstrated.
The problem with hot water is the problem, then forgive, with the toilet.
We fought for a long time.
At first, no one came to get out.
Then they began to come, but only popishare some substance on the floor, and everything.
The floors of them, you see, are some innovative.
It is impossible to wash them differently.
We know these floors - laminate plain!
In general, we have achieved a change in the cleaning company and now with this everything is ok.
The Olympic Village is such a Southern Botovo, a sleeping area surrounded on one side of the mountains, with others - an impressive mouth, places of broken water.
Well, and for reliability is still available around the perimeter of the two-metre-long iron fence, along which the mottos.
The village can accommodate up to 17 thousand people in 3604 apartments located in 31 houses.
On one of the 18-storey buildings there is a huge Russian flag - this house is completely given to the needs of our national team.
Looking at a small foyer at the entrance, you can immediately determine which problems, apparently, are the most pressing for the domestic team.
At the reception there are two announcements: printed "Please do not throw paper to the toilet!" and from hand "to the gift of the.
The reception itself is covered in booklets.
Their cheerful flower blossoms with pamphlets: "a memorial on infectious diseases for," "First aid in drowning," "First aid in the foreign body in the respiratory tract, loss of consciousness, and blood flow."
The text inside is generally encouraging.
For example, such: "infection is accompanied by fever and subsequent treatment.
But a favorable outcome awaits not all.
Of course, there is a medical center at the location of the Russian national team, which at any moment is ready to provide assistance to residents of the house, including a relaxing and sports massage.
In front of the medical center is the headquarters of our delegation.
Next to the door is an inspiring poster "Despite what we will win!"
Of course, verses:
All the arguments are absolute nonsense!
They believe only those who fear.
Let less of us, the glorious taste of victories, Russia will not give up, will not break!
And for even more uplifting the spirit hangs the announcement: "dear brothers and sisters!
According to the blessing of His Holiness Patriarch Kirill of Moscow and All Russia, the spiritual.
You can order moleben and other tracks by phone...
In general, there is a Center of meditation and religious ceremonies on the territory of the village for representatives of all faiths.
And the Russians, it turns out, in a privileged position - they have their own chapel.
Due to the loading of the elevator from the ninth floor to the fourth I decided to go down the stairs which is recommended to be used at the time of the fire.
And in the dark, there was a question about lying on her body.
Apparently, these were sleeping employees of a new cleaning company.
I believe in readiness at any moment to throw on the washing of innovative floors they decided to arrange themselves a quiet hour directly on the cold steps.
On the fourth floor I was waiting for a meeting with a long-time friend - Valery Fedorovich Dubko, the coach of our batsmen who led them to Olympic gold 16 years ago in Sydney.
He with an educator, European champion Jana Pavlova, kindly agreed to show his rooms.
To complain about the big thing is not that, "the well-deserved coach of Russia. - Experience on two, bed, of course, almost one count, but it is uncritical.
It is one on four, but spacious.
The wardrobe is, of course, ridiculous, from the fabric, trust does not cause, but things can be put.
"Not, well, you are a tennis player, greeted me in the main dining room. tea is over!"
The main it is called at least because it represents a space of 2.7 thousand square meters and is ready to accept simultaneously 5 thousand visitors.
We offer 60 thousand portions per day for free of charge.
The menu options are: "the best of Brazil," "Kitchen of the World," "Asian dishes" and "Pizza, pasta."
The last option, as I saw, is very popular with our volleyball players.
At the same time, say, I am not in any of the units of the giant restaurant.
What soups? - surprised Kuznetsov - Chaya no!
It is good that I am with myself the Chinese.
And the kettle.
But in general, in order for you to understand, we have the food even worse.
There is something to choose from, despite the unbearable uniformity.
I personally chose the crack on the pair and the fries in tomato sauce.
Next to each dish there is a table with its name in three languages - English, French and Portuguese, as well as indicating the food value of the product and the presence of allergens in it.
Well, to admit it was edible.
Don't even understand why such a queue is worth all the time to the local McDonald's.
Our best friends, relaxed, it is possible to say "cool" athletes on the representatives of the World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA).
- Quiz, the winner of which gets a T-shirt.
Provoke, you can say!
To get a gift, it is necessary to answer at least eight questions out of ten.
There are questions in Russian! - attacked me virgin from WADA.
But not on that attack.
That is, I am in a patriotic impulse, naturally.
The situation escalated already on the second question: "if I received a notice of doping control, should I immediately go to the point of doping control?"
I stopped by the B: "no - I have one hour."
Lost, so to speak, vigilance.
I forgot that WADA easing should not wait.
In general, it should be immediately.
At the seventh stage of the quiz my position became quite critical.
I somehow thought that if I find it difficult to follow a balanced diet because of my tight schedule (and, by the way, hard!), then I can use biosupplements to get "additional nutrients to enhance my performance."
No, do not allow!
To be more precise, the answer is formulated in a way that categorically does not prohibit, but strongly, in several sentences.
It's dishonest!
, Russia?
To nowhere - behind Efimov, Isinbayeva and all our disenchanted team.
So I focused and won an unhappy t-shirt.
Know, as the saying goes, ours!
In the victorious mood, I went to the fitness centre next door.
The training of trainers was.
Hit 250.
I was surprised to note that no Russian athlete in this.
But maybe it is right?
Let's train someone who is not able to play!
But the nearest polyclinic one our guy was sitting.
In line to the eye.
Don't worry, no shooter.
In the clinic, however, as in the whole village, where no, there is a device for issuing condoms.
There is an inspiring call: "break with the horse!"
Then there is only a round of iron that resembles the handle of a door lock, and a condom made from the natural latex of the Amazon, is readily out of the apparatus.
I took myself alone, on memory.
The athletes - they won their 450 thousand.
As for the holiday and leisure time in the Olympic village there is a whole entertainment centre.
Is worth it, reminding that the International Olympic Committee spends $3.25 million per day on athletes.
The center is flooded with video games, billiards and tennis tables, table football and tea and some strange devices similar to video projectors.
I am interested in a friend in the form of a Ukrainian national team who actively uses a wild toy.
Could, of course, just say that he doesn't want to talk to a man in the form of a Russian national team, and everything.
Here, by the way, by some strange coincidence in the eyes, there is a bit of joy from the guys in the blackjack.
The most playing team, it turns out.
It takes no less than three hours to get around the whole village, it is.
But if it is to walk rather than ride the electric cabs, you will discover the home of the Canadian national team with a logon at the entrance and a tent with restorative bath, and a ticket office, and a flower shop, and a shop, and a shop, and the photo kiosk.
And late in the evening, you are sworn near an olive tree,, covered with colored ribbons in memory of leaving this world of friends and fellow athletes.
And you will be under the accompaniment of a machine, randomly spraying liquid to moderate insects, to think about eternal.
That is, about the Olympic movement.
Which in this village does not stop for a moment.
While the rest of the Russian world watched as Australians barely punished the American Dream Team, real fans went into the net.
Little is known: the news that Inna Derglazov won gold in the XXXI Olympic Games, I got the first.
Maybe I'm even the only Muscovite who saw how it happened - not counting those, of course, who watched the Carioca competition that night.
This can only be understood by a real fan.
Just imagine: a deaf Moscow night.
Neighbours from the bottom - as always to the hour of the night - wake up and start fearlessly, but loudly shouting at each other.
And threatening to move furniture.
In the kitchen there is a crane - no time to go to the market and buy, as asked by the plumbing, a new one.
In the TV schedule nothing is understood, so just kept on controlling the channels "Match," "First" and in case of "Russia" - though it is almost meaningless.
"Russia" is the birthplace of repetitions, the whole sport there for some reason in the record.
There they broadcast live broadcast.
Hope, of course, on "Match" - a whole evening a young man shouted at the news releases first about the grand semi-final Derglazov--Shanaeva, then about the upcoming fight for gold.
It would be logical to show.
But instead, basketball is South-Australia.
I, by the way, I can't say anything wrong about this decision.
Australians were on an equal footing, the first half at all won.
Put on the place of the waiter from.
As a result, they lost, but, as now expressed, the basketball Olympic tournament will no longer be the same.
It's all good, but close the fight with Di Franciska, but on the screen without change.
In a light panic, I start flipping channels.
This feeling is the second time in a row.
Well, go deep, on cable.
None of the thematic "Matchie" fencing is.
And, according to my feelings, the fight is about to begin.
Text and tweet broadcasts of some sports sites do not suit me.
Daily surfing gives an unexpected but brilliant result.
On the "First," it turns out, is a direct technical broadcast of all the competitions that take place at this point in time.
Klikaya on fencing, get a fight for gold.
Derivazov is a great contrast, goes ahead on points - and obviously starts to pull the time.
The Italian plays almost the entire gap.
Our one point ahead, until the end of a little more than two seconds.
Di Franciska is thrown on Derglazov, the one retiring, the time ends, the Italian deals the bell.
Victory!
After a couple of seconds the Olympic Mass on the phone reports the fourth gold medal.
Comes out, I am the first to see it with my eyes.
Mad, faithful, involved.
The spiritual administration of Muslims (DUM) of Tatarstan refuses to use Russian language in mosques.
Yesterday, the DUM plenum obliged his imams to conduct five-sided sermons only on Tatar, to force young Tatars to "learn their native language."
The management declares that this "in no way infringes" the rights of Muslims of other nationalities.
In some mosques of Kazan complain that Tatar language does not understand up to 60% of the parishioners, among which foreign students, migrants and Tatars themselves.
The imams fear that their sermons on Tatar "will not reach the entire audience."
Yesterday the Plenum of Tatarstan unanimously decided to hold Friday sermons in the mosques of the republic only in Tatar.
As the Mufti of Tatarstan Kamil Samigullin stated, this should be an incentive for young Tatars to "learn their native language."
"For those who say it is" hard, "in every large mosque we intend to organize the lessons of the Tatar language absolutely free of charge," Mr. Smilullin promised.
He added that "the decision has already entered into force" and today in all mosques, sermons "must be already in the Tatar language."
He recalled that the DUM of Tatarstan publishes the magazine "Shura" with typical sermons in Tatar language.
A dentist, who is not good enough to speak Tatar, "can thoroughly prepare."
More than a thousand parishes in all municipalities of the.
According to the Mufti, are conducted exclusively in Tatar language.
At the same time, Russian language was used in a number of mosques in Kazan.
In particular, as Mufti pointed out, this was practiced in the Burnevskaya mosque, Zakabana and "Eichler."
However, according to Mr. Mukhametshin, the management aims to ensure that all students possess both the state languages, regardless of nationality.
"He said that the sermon itself" is not a mandatory, basic part of the manhunt. "
The will continue to be read in Arabic, in mosques will keep lectures and lessons in Russian.
At the same time, Rafik Mukhametshin told Kommersant that some serious threat to displacement of Tatar language from mosques was not.
Besides Russian and Tatar other languages, for example, Uzbek or Tajik, sermons in the republic are not used.
The decision of the DAM was actively supported in the executive committee of the World Congress of Tatars (VT).
The head of the executive committee of the VT, Rinat Zakirov, told Kommersant: mosque is an important part of our national life. "
It would be sad if the Tatar language had gone out of this sphere.
He noted that keeping the sermons only in Tatar language "the desire of the imams themselves," but in the VT he "considers it right."
The interviewed imams who led sermons in Russian are ready to fulfill the decision of the Duma, but believe that the parishioners will have difficulty understanding the clergy.
Both Tatars and Russians go to the mosque.
Many do not understand the language.
They will certainly be obese.
"It will have to be rebuilt," says the imam.
According to him, sermons in Russian are closer even to many Tatars, because "Russian and in schools, and in kindergartens, on radio - everywhere originally."
However, he believes that the mosque will be able to continue the lessons and lectures in Russian, which are held on other days.
We rely on Allah.
Allah will show a way out of this situation, "he concluded.
But about 60% do not know the Tatar language.
These are Uzbeks, Tajiks, and Azerbaijanis.
A lot goes to us foreign students: Africans, Arabs.
"We have switched to Russian for four years," he says.
He believes that the Tatar language will "reach a more narrow circle and not reach the entire audience."
But we will obey the decision of the captives.
Just the outcome of the sermons will be different.
But time will tell.
"For example, it will be easier for me, because the Tatar language is my native language," Galullin concluded.
The former director of the Federal Prison Service gave under court
The Moscow Prosecutor's Office has approved the indictment on the investigation of the Criminal Investigation Department of the Criminal Investigation Department of the Russian Federation.
The former head of the prison department Alexander Reimer and his deputy, who had inflicted damages on the amount of more than 2.7 billion roubles, will appear before the court.
The a criminal case against former Director of the Federal Security Service of Russia Alexander Reemer, his former deputy Nikolai Krivolapova, as well as the director of the FSUE "Center for Information and Technical Support and Communications of the Federal Penitentiary Service Federal State Unitary Enterprise TOC).
Depending on the role and degree of participation in the crimes, they are accused by the SCR of of the Criminal Code of the Russian Federation (abuse of official authority, which has caused serious consequences of Moscow on Article 285 of the Criminal Code.
In addition, Krivolapov is charged under Article 222 of the Criminal Code of the Russian Federation (illegal acquisition and storage of ammunition).
According to the SCR version, in 2010-2012, these persons fraudulently abducted from the state treasury budget funds allocated by the FSIN to provide the agency with electronic monitoring systems controlled persons, so-called electronic bracelets.
For the theft of budget money, the group developed a scheme according to which the company FSUE, with which the relevant state contracts were concluded, produced technical means of control and supervision, including "electronic bracelets" and implemented at prices inflated several times.
Despite the fact that FSUE did not have production equipment, buildings, facilities to accommodate production facilities, allowing to create the finished cycle of "electronic bracelets" production, between it and the FSIN of Russia five state revenues for more than 3.3 billion roubles were concluded.
As a result of this scheme in the accounts of the Samara Branch turned out to be more than 2 billion rubles, of which 1.2 billion rubles were stolen.
As a consequence, more than 140 million rubles of naked money received personally by Mr. Reimer in his office from one of the accomplices, a criminal case in respect of which a separate production.
Nikolai Krivolapov, who was involved in machinations, was found to be of unknown origin of ammunition for the awarding of the pistol, which allowed him to present an additional charge.
In this case, the volume of which amounted to 133 volumes, the FIRIN to the accused claimed a claim for material damages of 2.7 billion roubles.
Khan Shukyura's footballer is suspected of involvement in the coup.
The authorities of Turkey issued a warrant for the arrest of a former footballer and then a member of parliament, and conducted searches in two houses of his family.
The star of Turkish football of the 1990s - early 2000s attacker Hakan Shukur is wanted by the authorities of the country in connection with an attempted coup that took place last month.
The forward, who ended his sporting career in 2008, is accused of belonging to an "armed terrorist group."
It is about the movement of Hizmet - a society linked to the famous Turkish religious figure and opposition activist Fethullah Gülen.
It is his President Erdogan, who considers the a military coup that happened on July 15.
Fethullah Gulen lives in the U.S., Turkish authorities are demanding his extradition.
According to local media, the arrest warrant for Khan Shukyura was issued today, police have already searched in two houses, which belong to the former footballer's family.
According to the version of the investigation, in the organization of Fethullah Gulen in addition to Khan Shukyura, he was also his father.
However, neither the former footballer nor his loved ones found themselves there.
Now he and his family live in the US.
As a footballer, Hakan Shukur defended the colors of several Turkish clubs and played for the national team.
He spent most of his career in Galatasarai. "
Italian "Torino," "Inter" and "Palermo" are listed on the list of foreign clubs, as well as the English "Blackn."
However, in none of them he spent more than one season.
Hakan Shukur still remains the most successful attacking team in the Turkish national team: in his activism 112 matches for the national team and 51 scored ball.
In 2013, Hakan Shukur left his deputy post due to a corruption investigation around the Likud party and his closest entourage.
According to the Turkish newspaper Hurriyet, on July 25 arrest warrants for at least 42 journalists were issued in Turkey.
They are accused of facilitating military coup and ties with opposition Islamic preacher Fethullah Gülen, who lives in the United States.
Given the gravity of the charges, media officers can wait for long prison terms - from ten years to several life sentences.
Yegor Konchalovsky wants to create a network of cinemas only for domestic films.
"I would create a network of cinemas exclusively for Russian cinema, tickets for which cost 2-3 times less than the films of foreign production," he stated.
Mr. Konchalovsky notes that Russian films are difficult to compete for the viewer with big Hollywood bands.
We have more than 100 paintings are made in the country each year, with an average of 20-25 tapes.
"And even it is very difficult for them to compete with" transformers "and" Iron Man, "in the promotion of which huge budgets," the filmmaker said.
Let us recall that the All-Russian Youth Educational Forum "Tavrida" started in Crimea on July 1.
Among the participants are teachers of creative professions and young professionals of various creative and humanitarian fields from all over Russia and a number of countries of the near and far abroad.
Britons won Olympic gold in academic rowing in doubles
Helen Glover and Heather Stanning won Olympic gold in an academic rowing in the double.
Silver took naski Rebecca Skokun and Genevieve Beren, third Anna Anderson and Hedwig Rasmussen from Denmark.
RIA-Novosti - The new general contractor promises to surrender Zenit-Arena by December 26.
, Referring to the head of the provisional commission of the Federation of Federation in preparation for the 2018 World Cup The new joint contractor of the stadium, which is to take matches of the 2017 Confederations Cup and the 2018 World Cup.
"Today we together with the Minister of Sports of Russia Vitaly Mutko visited the building, with us the general director of" Metrostroy "Vadim Alexandrov.
He said he would give the stadium by December 26.
This is a serious St. Petersburg company, it never breaks terms.
We have been satisfied with what was seen and heard, "the agency quoted him as saying.
Earlier, Vitaly Mutko arrived in St. Petersburg to explore the venue for the upcoming major competitions.
Mr. Tyulpanov also noted that the commission of the Council will continue to monitor the construction of the stadium and regularly visit the building.
Let us recall yesterday that the company "Metrostroy" will complete the construction of "Zenit-Arena," the value of the contract is 2.4 billion will be around 5.4 billion rubles. this same company won the auction on the territory around the stadium, the value of the contract is 2.4 billion roubles.
Two more companies were not allowed to fight for the construction of the stadium.
For more details about choosing a new general contractor, read the "Metrostroy" material on the field. "
The lawyer of former vice governor Nikolai Sandakov, Konstantin Akunov, was detained in Miass (Chelyabinsk region).
To charge for a one-year sentence on the "another lawyer accused - Sergei Kolosovsky, Konstantin Akulich today summoned to the investigative department of SCR Miass.
At that time Konstantin Akushenko went to the place of the accident as a lawyer to help one of his participants.
"It was initially initiated against unidentified persons, when he started defending Nikolai Sandakov, it turned out that it was Akushov," says Sergei Kolosovsky said.
Konstantin Akushenko became the lawyer of the ex-deputy governor in early August.
At half an hour before the lawyer's call in SCR Miass, the side of the defense was notified that on Monday the deadline for the investigation, with the materials of the fraud case in which Nikolai Sandakov is accused.
Let us recall that two criminal cases.
Within the framework of the first (fraud case) he is charged with a pledge for 1.5 million rubles to promote the appointment of the mayor of Ozersk Yevgeny Tarasova.
The second criminal case deals with the bribe, which Nikolai Sandakov allegedly received from the director of the Pon "Pon" Igor Kalugin, in the form of illegal gratuitous property services in the amount of no less than 1.3 million rubles.
For more details about Mr. Sandakov's case, read the article "The Vice Governor requires the unification of his cases."
The Russian copper company (RMC) is ready to take on social responsibility and more attention to environmental aspects of its business.
This is confirmed, for example, by the fact that RMK has taken the modernization of one of the oldest and most environmentally "dirty" enterprises of the country - the Karashar medeplaning plant.
It was founded by an English joint-stock company headed by Lesley Urquart in 1910.
In Soviet times, this was a significant industrial enterprise for the economy, and it actually ensured the life of the whole city the.
However in the 1990s, due to financial problems, production was stopped, causing serious social problems in Luxor.
In 1998, a decision was made to resume the work of the Karashar medeplaning plant.
It was also necessary to solve one of the main problems of the Karabakh plant - ecological.
By the beginning of the 2000s, British was already notorious as an environmental disaster.
The situation on the "Karashore" began to change in 2004, after the enterprise moved under the management of the Russian copper company.
The company began to carry out modernization of production, which has gradually reduced the environmental burden on the environment.
It was recently noted and the governor of Chelyabinsk region Boris Dubrovsky, who visited in the first numbers of July "Karabashcopper."
The head of the Southern Urals called the grandiose changes that have taken place with the enterprise since "Karashcopper" passed into the group.
The main event for years has been the construction of a new sulphuric acid shop, which allows to capture up to 99.9% of metallurgical gases.
According to the president of Russian copper company Vsevolod Levin, the volume of investments in this project amounted to about 7 billion rubles.
The next stage of modernization of CJSC "Karabashcopper" is the reconstruction of the converter case.
The replacement of three converters, polluters, a gas pipeline is planned for the end of 2017.
The cost of the project is 2.5 billion rubles.
In addition, at the end of 2016 it is planned to launch a new industrial wastewater treatment plant worth 1 billion rubles.
In turn, the amount of taxes paid to the budget of the city of Hirsch will rise.
For the whole period of implementation of the Tuminsky GOK project, from the beginning of construction and before commissioning of the second line - the federal treasury will receive 8.9 billion rubles.
And after the of tax receipt of taxes to the budgets of all levels could amount to 80.9 billion roubles.
During the year of production of production in the Varnenskiy district, the budgets of different levels listed 346.3 million rubles.
And this is for the first year.
"The longer the enterprise successfully works, the amount of deductions may be more," added Valery Ulanovsky.
The RMK clarified that in 2015 tax deductions from Mikheevsky GOK approached 1 billion rubles.
However, the participation of RMC enterprises in the life and development of territories of their presence is not limited to tax deductions.
The enterprises help to repair and maintain schools, kindergartens, sports facilities, build cultural and entertainment facilities, to promote the territory.
In 2016, one of the largest social projects of the Russian copper company in Luxor has become an overhaul, and in fact, almost a complete reorganization of the kindergarten N9 on 95 pupils.
The building, built in 1960, was in an emergency.
Also on the territory of "RMK Arena" there will be a landscape park with an artificial pond, underground and ground parking for 600 cars, cafes and sports shops.
"RMK Arena" will allow to conduct spectacular professional sports events of international level.
But the main task of this project is to make physical training and sports in comfortable conditions accessible to residents of Chelyabinsk, primarily for children.
Place in the first row on the stunning architecture of the Central Library of Los Angeles
Find out more about the history of the Central Library in the business district, as long as the Society of Historical Architects / Branch in Southern California is holding an art exhibition with Harold Schwarzman and Stephen Guy, authors of the new book "The Central Library of Los Angeles: a History of its Art and Architecture."
Guy and Schwarzman are going to discuss and share the designs of the 1926 Bertram Goodhue, as well as the restoration and additions of 1993 from Hardy Holtzman Pfeiffer Associates.
The salon runs from 2 days to 4 days on August 21 in Bournemne, built in the Art Deco style of the Art Deco South West Law School (formerly Bullen Wilshire), 3050 Wilshire Blvd.
Participants can walk around the central hall, the rooms of certain periods, the Kaktura living room and the Tea Room.
Pre-order tickets are required; SAH / SCC members - $15; non-members - $25.
Open, industrial lot in FMLA receives a cosy new look
Celebrate the 90th birthday of the Central Library of Los Angeles with - what else? - a new book
The employees of the Sandhill refugee centre in Denmark argued that teenagers in it were engaged in prostitution.
This is on Thursday, August 11, reports The Local.
According to him, some teenagers told employees of the institution that "someone in Copenhagen is organizing prostitution."
As the publication notes, the doubts of the shelter workers arose after the Swedish newspaper Afsvenkan told similar stories in Malmö.
In 2015, the European Union erupted in the European Union due to an influx of refugees from Africa and the Middle East.
Denmark has placed more than 20 thousand of them on its territory.
The fisherman caught a rare blue lobster off the coast of Cape Cod (USA) peninsula.
A man has discovered a shell among others trapped in his underwater trap, reports ABC News.
The American plans to transfer it to the local oceanarium.
Lobster weighs about a kilo.
It is noted that Wayne Nickerson has been engaged in looters for the last 35 years.
According to his wife, for the first time in a career was a blue omar in 1990.
According to ABC News, crustaceans acquire blue or blue coloring as a result of genetic changes.
In April 2016, it was revealed that the fishermen were fishing off the coast of Japan with a copy of the rare species of deep sea sharks Megachasma pelagios (.
The fifth meter animal weighs about a ton.
The military of the Black Sea Fleet conducted an operation on the anti-submarine defense in the Black Sea area.
Igor Dygalo, spokesman of the Ministry of Defense of the Ministry of Defense of the Ministry of Defense, told RIA Novosti.
Training was conducted within the first phase of the exercises on special activities of the Navy's forces.
"The anti-submarine units have worked out anti-submarine defense of the base of the fleet's forces on the coast of the coast and adjacent sea water area of the Black Sea," Dygalo clarified.
Some 400 military personnel participated in the exercises, more than 10 units of combat equipment, including Mi-8 and Ka-27 helicopters, antisabotage boats "Grachok" and patrol speedboats "Raptor."
In the course of maneuvers, armored ships using hydroacoustic means found conditional sabotage groups and reflected the "underwater saboteurs attack" by the sea on the basis of the CAF the location of the forces.
From the helicopter Љ -27 landed commando assault group, which blocked and destroyed the convoys of the contingent enemy.
After that, the Black Sea Fleet trackers went out into the sea to search for min.
Dygalo stated that "the data of the Black Sea Fleet exercises are conducted in accordance with the design and conduct of the upcoming" Caucasus-2016 "and the plan of training of the Navy."
Between July 18 and 30, Ukraine and the USA conducted joint military exercises of the Sea Breeze 2016 Fleet on the Black Sea.
A total of four thousand people from 16 countries took part in the maneuvers.
More than 25 ships, boats and ships of the USA, Turkey, Romania and Ukraine were involved in the maritime component.
The court in Moscow arrested the father for killing his daughter: the investigation and the court: power structures: Lenta.ru
The Ozersky City Court of Moscow Region authorized the arrest of Roman Chernikov, who was conscious of the murder of his six-year-old adoptive daughter.
About this on Thursday, August 11, as reported by the city news agency "Moscow," told the court spokeswoman Nina Zhilkin.
"The court granted the appeal of the investigating authorities on the election of Chernikov in the form of detention for two months," she said.
Chernikov will be under arrest until October 9.
On August 11, the management of the SCR on the Moscow region reported that the adoptive parents and grandmother of a six-year-old girl had given confessions in her murder.
In particular, Roman Chernikov was reported to have committed the murder of a child in one of the days of April 2016 from a personal dislike relationship while at home in a state of alcohol intoxication.
Then, with the aim of concealing the body of the child, he burned him and rained his remains together with his wife on a large area.
On the evening of 9 August, an interrogation at the investigator, adoptive parents reported that a six-year-old child had drowned in a bath in April 2016.
For a long time they managed to hide from all the girl's disappearance, but in August, having learned that they would soon have to come home with guardianship officers, they decided to tell everyone that the child was missing.
The parents stated that on August 6, their adoptive daughter resigned from the area of the house where they lived and disappeared.
Pope Francis has shared a meal with refugees from Syria.
About this on Thursday, August 11, reported the head of the press service of the Holy See Press Service, Greg Burke, told CTV News.
The migrants arrived at the invitation of the pontiff from the Greek island of Lesbos.
Lunch took place in the Vatikan House of Saint Martha, where the personal apartments of Francis are located.
Two groups of Syrian refugees, who visited Greece on 16 April is noted that there were two at the meal.
Then on his way back to Vatican he took his plane to 12 migrants, including six children.
In June, the second group of Syrians arrived.
Care of them took over the Holy throne.
"Dad brought toys and gifts to children, they gave him his drawings and children, and adults were able to talk to the pontiff about the first days of his life in Italy," Berk said.
During his April visit, the Pope called the migration crisis that erupted in Europe in 2015, "the biggest disaster since the Second World War."
Greece is one of the countries through which more migrants get to Europe.
According to Greek authorities, for 2015, a total of 800 thousand people have moved from Turkey to the islands belonging to Greece in the Aegean Sea.
At the same time, Lesbos has become a major transit point for refugees on their way to the EU.
The total length of over 40 kilometers was formed in Japan on the first day of short summer vacations.
This is on Thursday, August 11, the country's traffic information center, RIA Novosti reports.
Thus, in the area of Totigi the road corridor stretched to 43 kilometers, in Kanagawa Prefecture - 33 kilometers.
As the agency notes, trains are halved, air tickets on the domestic lines are fully purchased.
Since August 11, 2016, Japan is celebrating the Day of the Mountains, the holiday is officially considered a weekend.
After that, many Japanese are sent to their home cities for several days.
The Japanese will last until Tuesday next week, then a new peak of road congestion is expected.
In Japan, it is considered a bad tone to take a full vacation.
According to the law, it is supposed to rest 18 days a year, but most of them are limited to a week.
The flagship boutique chain of luxury men's clothes and accessories Moscow Moscow opened after renovation with a fully updated design and assortment, reported "Lente.ru" representative of the network.
Only natural materials - nuts, brass, ceramic granite and tinted glass in the tone of the tree used - were used in the design of the space, "said a spokesman.
Multimedia displays balance on the edge between tradition and advanced technology.
In Moscow are Marol shirts, bags and portfolios Serapian, designer jeans Jacob Cohen,, Tateknan bracelets, Motif jackets and shoes Barrett.
In addition, the network is the exclusive distributor of the company for the individual sewing of the men's costumes Atelier Portofino in Russia and owns monbranded boutiques Barrett and Jacob Cohen.
French fashion house Louis Vuitton on September 17, 2016 will open a new boutique in St. Petersburg.
He will replace the first store of the house, opened in this city in 2007.
The new boutique will be located on Nevsky Prospekt, told "Lenta.ru" a representative of the company.
We are pleased to announce the opening of a new store in St. Petersburg, - said President Louis Vuitton on the countries of Northern Europe, Middle East and Africa Alessandro Valenti.
Buyers will be able to personalise their purchases with the help of hot stamping techniques: in honor of opening a cliché with a view of St. Petersburg, which complements the initials of the client.
At the end of the 19th century he created baggage for the Russian aristocracy - Grand Duke Alexander Romanov, Princess Trubetskoy and the imperial family.
Currently produces clothing, shoes, accessories, jewellery and watches and has also resumed production of perfumes.
The company belongs to the international holding of LVMH.
The pensioner turned the rush into a "budget beach tower."
Users of the network laughed at photos on which an elderly man set up a beach on the beach and turned it into a springboard for jumping into the water.
The image was published on several entertainment portals as well as in the group "My Taganrog" in the social network "Vkontakte,", many decided that the photo was taken on the Sea of Azov.
In the comments "innovation" surrounding "budget tower" and "mobile springboard."
Many praised the man for ingenuity and "laugh," and some drew attention to the fact that a man was seriously at risk of being struck by jumping from his tower, as he set it on the.
However, one of the commenters on the Pikabu portal noted that it is impossible to judge the depth of the sea.
"First, we don't know what depth there is, the beach can be saturated with a sharp descent on a meter right behind the staircase, and secondly, even if there's a meter of depth, it is possible to jump from a pair of meters," wrote the user "
The Italian edition of Roma Today writes that a man with a stripper was spotted on the beach under Rome.
Russian President Vladimir Putin expressed hope that Anton Vaino as the new head of the administration of the head of state will contribute to her constructive work.
According to RIA Novosti reports, the corresponding statement by the Russian leader made at a meeting with Vino and his predecessor, Sergei Ivanov.
The Russian leader noted that Vaino's candidacy for the head of the presidential administration recommended Ivanov himself.
Putin praised the latter for the work done.
On August 12, Putin removed Ivanov from the head of the head of the state administration.
This post took Vaino.
The authorities of the French city of Cannes have been banned from visiting local beaches in the burkini - a special bathing suit for women, which completely closes the body from head to ankle.
About it on Friday, August 12, reports ABC News.
The Mayor of Cannes David Lisnar explained that such clothing "does not meet the rules of decency, the principles of secularism and does not comply with hygiene and safety standards."
According to him, clothing that emphasizes religious affiliation can cause public order violations.
A fine of 38 euros (about 42 dollars) was imposed for wearing a burkini.
It is noted that the ban was introduced against the backdrop of the attacks, which were carried out on July 15 in Nice and on July 26 in the church of Saint Etienne-du-Ruvre in the north of the country.
After his introduction, several women turned to court, saying the restrictions violated the right to freedom of religion.
The Blagoveshchensk City Court (Amur region) sentenced the former head of the city of Alexander Migul to nine years of general regime colony.
This on Friday, August 12, is reported on the court's website.
Migul was convicted of offences under Articles 286 ("Improving Powers"), 285.1 ("non-purpose expenditure of budget funds") and a questionnaire ("The use of official powers") of the Criminal Code of the Russian Federation.
The investigation established that an official in December 2008 provided his familiar land in the village Mukhyka with a violation of the established land law of the procedure.
In 2006 he illegally ordered the city road bridge over the Chigiri River, at an inflated price without competitive procedures and the conclusion of the municipal contract, Interfax reports.
In addition, between 2007 and 2010, Migul in the interests of the commercial organization changed the terms of payment under the contract for the sale of the lease of land, which was granted under construction of housing and also freed the company from the rent.
As a result the budget of the region has not received more than 5 million rubles, and the city treasury for about 21 million roubles.
On August 4 it became known that the former city boss, who was detained on suspicion of corruption and claimed to be a deputy mandate, did not provide the at the signatures to participate in the State Duma elections and was removed from the election race.
Migul was detained in May 2015 on the territory of Lipetsk region and placed in a detention centre.
Before that, he had been on the international wanted list since 2011.
Alexander Migul served as Mayor of Blagoveshchensk from November 2004 to April 2010.
The Russian Ministry of Foreign Affairs denied information on the release of the Russian helicopter.
Information about the talks on Friday, August 12, in an interview with "Interfax" shared the special representative of the President of the Russian Federation on Afghanistan, Director of the Second Department of Asia of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation Zamir Kabulov.
This information was not able to confirm.
"The crew is still in captivity, negotiations are underway," Kabulov said.
On August 11, a source in diplomatic circles told the agency that the captives were released.
According to him, the former hostages were transferred to Pakistan.
On August 4, a Pakistani-born Mi-17 helicopter landed in Logar province in eastern Afghanistan because of technical problems.
Builders of the Crimean bridge updated the national anthem "I score a dump."
On the YouTube channel of the project "Crimean Bridge" the clip "I'm taking a dump."
This is the song builder of this construction - the hero tells us that the bridge will help "not lose connection with a huge country."
The author, in particular, sings about how to "score a dump."
Video from the construction of the Crimean bridge was put to music.
The song was written and performed by Konstantin Khokhov - a designer from the Giprostroybridge Institute - St. Petersburg, who developed the project of the construction.
He is not a professional musician.
The Ministry of Internal Affairs of Thailand blamed the explosions on the resorts of local saboteurs.
The bombings in Thailand's resorts are "acts of local sabotage" and are not related to the activities of international terrorists.
This was reported by the police of Thailand.
According to the order of the order, they have not yet been able to find out whether these explosions.
According to the main version, their organizers tried to disrupt the tourist season.
It is not possible that the Muslims from the south of the country are behind the explosions.
Law enforcement agencies have already detained several people.
At the moment, it is known about four dead and several dozen wounded.
The country's Prime Minister Praha al-Ocha has ordered additional security measures to prevent new explosions and to rule out possible victims.
At the tourist resorts of Thailand on Friday, August 12, there was a series of explosions.
The devices worked at police stations on Phuket Island, in the cities of Surat Thani (the capital of the same province, on the territory of which the island of Samui) and Huahin.
Another explosive device laid out on the beach, was decontaminated by the satellites.
A day earlier, on August 11, two explosions occurred in the resort city of Huahin.
The bombs were in pots from plants and were put into action using a call from a mobile phone.
Among the victims are 10 foreign tourists, Russians are not among them.
The British jewelry house Graff has introduced a new watch model The Peacock Watch, performed in the form of a peacock pen, reports Vogue.
The body clock is decorated loose diamonds.
For this purpose the jewelers used not only classic round stones, but also pickets, as well as a trapezoidal diamond cut and cut of Emerald.
These watches with quartz mechanism and blue arrows of characteristic Graff design are created in a single instance and presented in the Mercury boutique at the Moscow Four Seasons.
There is no price for them.
Graff is a, founded in 1960 by London's Lawrence Graff.
Produces jewellery with precious stones, mainly diamonds (including flowers) and watches (since 2008).
Four times the British Royal Prize in International Trade (1977, 1994, 2006, 2014).
In different years Graff acquired extremely rare and valuable diamonds, in particular pink Empress Rose, Star of America, The Sarah and others.
Joan Rowling's new book, "Harry Potter and the damned child" has become the most sold in Britain, reports The Daily Mail.
The novel has overtaken the popularity of the play "Romeo and Juliet" by William Shakespeare.
According to the publication, during the first week after the release of the eighth part of the saga of the magician, 7,9 thousand copies were sold.
"Harry Potter and the damned child's book brought in 8.76 million pounds.
At the same time, Shakespeare's tragedy appeared in the second place - almost 127.7 thousand books of the publishing house of Penguin Classics were sold since 1998.
The eighth part of the saga of the magician from Hogwarts "Harry Potter and the damned child" came out in light on July 31.
The play takes place 19 years after the events described in the book "Harry Potter and the Gift of Death."
On the same day in London, the premiere of the play was held at the Palace Theatre.
In Russia, the English-language version of the novel came on the heels of the "Moscow House of the Book" - the only official seller of the novel - on August 5.
All copies were sold for a day.
The new part of the saga will be released until the end of 2016.
The owners of messengers and mail services must identify users and remove prohibited information - such a brief content of the bill developed by the Media Communication Union (ISS), which unites the largest Russian telecom operators (there are Vedomosti).
Employees of the three companies - members of the union confirmed that such a project is being discussed.
At the beginning of autumn it should be presented to a working group led by First Deputy Prime Minister Igor Shuvalov, says the interlocutor of "Vedomosti" in the ISS.
It is about amendments to the laws on communications and the media.
They stipulate that any "organizer of the distribution of information on the Internet providing the opportunity to exchange electronic messages," is obliged to identify users based on the information contained in the databases of telecom operators, prior to concluding contracts with them.
And "immediately block messages or publications that contain information distributed in violation of the requirements of Russian legislation."
Otherwise the operators may restrict access to the service by decision of Roskomnadzor.
Astronomers have discovered beyond the Neptune mysterious space object.
Astronomers have discovered a mysterious space object beyond Neptune.
The celestial body is very dim, its diameter is about 200 kilometers, writes the edition of New Scientist.
According to the researchers, the object is moving around completely uncharacteristic for the solar system orbit.
It is almost perpendicular to other planets.
The mysterious finding has been given to the Chinese means "rebellious," "unruly."
WSJ: the US is considering imposing sanctions against the RF because of the hacking of the Democrats' servers.
U.S. officials are considering imposing new sanctions against Russia in response to the hacking of Democratic Party servers, writes The Wall Street Journal with reference to sources.
In order to impose sanctions, the administration of US President Barack Obama will have to formally blame the attack on Russia's servers or supported by Russian authorities of hackers.
According to sources, the FBI and other U.S. intelligence agencies are almost certain of Russia's involvement in the cyberattack.
The WSJ notes that the U.S. usually prefers not to mention those who carry out hacking attacks.
The exception is produced in 2014 by the hacking database firm Sony Entertainment Pictures, the responsibility for which was officially assigned to the DPRK.
Last year, however, Obama issued a decree making it easier to impose sanctions on those who carry out or promote cyber attacks.
It was initially directed against China, but could also be used against other countries.
The process of deciding sanctions can be lengthy, writes the publication.
Even if officials concluded that the hackers had acted with the support of Russia, before making a decision on, they will have to weigh the possible consequences.
They have to determine whether the incident is serious enough to exacerbate tensions in bilateral relations.
Previously it was reported that the Barack Obama administration is allowing the possibility of applying sanctions against the state, the hackers of which have hacked the servers of the Democratic Party's National Committee.
The WikiLeaks website published the electronic correspondence of the Democratic National Committee.
Media reported that hackers working with Russian authorities could be involved in the hack.
In the Kremlin, such messages have been called absurd.
FAS fined Google nearly half a billion roubles
The reason was a breach of competition in the mobile application market.
The antitrust proceedings were initiated on the initiative of Yandex.
The Russian company claimed that Google provides smartphone manufacturers with access to Android components on conditions that prevented applications from other developers, particularly from Yandex.
FAS found evidence of these claims and established, the company abused the dominant position in the market and imposed the manufacturers of mobile devices installation along with the Google Play store.
As a result of the audit, the Federal Antimonopoly Service decided to punish Google, reported the reports of the chief of the Federal Antimonopoly Service Alexey Docko.
The fine must be paid within 60 days after the entry into force of the decree.
The FAS concluded that the law on the protection of competition should comply with all companies, including multinational corporations.
In turn, Google intends to examine the solution first and only then decide whether to execute it or challenge it.
The Federal Antimonopoly Service recognized the company as a breach of the competition law as early as September last year and ordered to adjust the contracts until December 18.
However, Google did not give consent.
Since then, the company and the FIA have been conducting litigation.
In FAS noted that despite the fine, discuss with Google the possibility of concluding a world agreement.
This measure will not lead to anything.
This opinion was expressed by the leading analyst of Mobile research group Eldar Murtazin.
Murtazin also noted that the fine will not affect any users, nor the competitive ability of the corporation.
Volzhanin rented an apartment and then robbed it for 84 thousand roubles.
Stolen household appliances 30-year-old robber managed to sell.
According to the correspondent of "MK in Volgograd" told the press service of the regional State Ministry of Internal Affairs of Russia, on the eve of the police department of the resident of the city of satellite turned out.
The man told the guardians of the law that the unknown had taken off his apartment.
When the owner came to check his house, he found it completely empty: no washing machine, no television, no refrigerator, no apartment.
The total amount of damages amounted to 84 thousand roubles.
Soon the guardians of the order came out on the trail of the thief.
They turned out to be a 30-year-old unemployed Volzhanin.
The man was detained, he gave confessions, confirming that the stolen property had already been sold.
Now he will have to answer for the theft across the entire line of all the rigors of the law - a criminal case has been initiated against the detainee.
This year, the Crimean people will not receive a notice to pay vehicle tax.
Now residents of the peninsula will pay a tax on land, property and transport.
The head of the Office of the Federal Tax Service of Kazakhstan, Roman Navratichev, told a press conference.
By the end of 2016, Crimean car owners will receive a notice to pay vehicle tax.
So far there are about 250,000 people who own car transport.
The data on taxpayers will be provided by the GABD, the Roscosmos.
"If by the first of January we will be given information about real estate owners and owners of land plots, then next year the citizens of Crimea will be the payers of the tax data" - said Roman Nazdrachev.
Allowances for property taxes will be granted to For preferential categories of citizens, first of all, the category of pensioners.
Also, the land tax has a system of deductions depending on the preferential category, but according to the head of the ONS, until 2017 it is early to talk about it.
A resident of Balakhna, fell behind a woman, breaking her head with a brick to.
According to the investigation, on the night of June 16, 2016, in a garage mass on the Main Street in the accused saw a quarrel between the people who he had on the eve of the guest.
A man repeatedly insulted his civilian wife and then took a woman on his shoulder and carried her home.
The attacker entered the woman and hit the victim several times on the head.
A 29-year-old man died on the spot.
The accused admitted in part.
At the moment (August 12, 2016), this is all information.
A terrible accident occurred on the eve of the evening in the area of Kizil-Tash area of the Crimean peninsula.
As reported "MK in Volgograd" in the press service of the Russian Ministry of Volgograd region, at 17.05 on the route R-29 "Sudak - Feodosia" a flight bus with people in the cabin.
Suddenly the car turned into the ditch and fell off a cliff.
Five people, another 20, suffered injuries.
The victims of the disaster on the machines were deployed to medical facilities, where doctors provide them with necessary assistance.
Four residents of the Volgograd region were seriously injured in the ill-fated raid.
This is Yuri and Elena Krivuhina from Lviv, together with 9-year-old grandson Artem, as well as 5-year-old Anastasia Bochkareva, who was taken to the regional hospital of Simferopol - the girl is in serious condition.
When you call an ambulance, we hope that the brigade will arrive quickly and medics will provide all necessary assistance.
In what cases do I call an ambulance how quickly it should come to the patient?
Emergency medical emergency call, the nearest free ambulance or specialized brigade is directed to the of.
The time of arrival of an ambulance for emergency call is up to 20 minutes.
The time of arrival of an ambulance for emergency medical care for emergency call - up to 2 hours.
The time of emergency medical care is not regulated.
OSCE observers have not recorded military activity on the border of Crimea.
Observers of the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE) have not recorded military activity on the Russian-Ukrainian border.
This is said in a statement published on the organization's website.
Observers report that the situation at the border of Crimea is calm, incidents that may be somehow related to the security of Ukraine and Russia are not recorded.
"None of the observers were able to confirm media reports that concerned security issues, including the shootings and military actions in the vicinity of the administrative border," it said in the report.
Employees of the organization continue to monitor the situation at three checkpoints on the border in the area of the Ukrainian cities of Kalanchaca, Chaplinki and Chongar peninsula in Sivash.
Earlier in the Ukrainian grant service that the rotation of Russian troops was completed at the border of Crimea.
However, according to the agency, the updated personal structure has more modern equipment.
Bulgaria shows inflation for the 1st time in 8 months
Inflation in Bulgaria was 1% monthly in July, as national statistics show.
This is the highest rate for years (since June 2012) and the first above zero since October last year, when positive 0.2% were shown.
Average annual inflation, measured by CPI in the last 12 months (August 2015 - July 2016) in comparison with the previous 12 months (August 2014 - July 2015) was -0.8%.
The consumer price index in July 2016 was 101.0% compared to July 2016, i.e., inflation was 1.0%.
The inflation rate since the beginning of the year (July 2016 compared to December 2015) was -0.2%, and annual inflation in July 2016 compared with July 2015 was -0.2%.
In July 2016, compared to the previous month, the increase was in price for the following groups of consumer goods: food and soft drinks (1.7 percent); transport (1.8 percent); recreation and culture (6.3 percent); restaurants and hotels (1.2 percent); other goods and services (0.3 percent).
Prices have decreased on clothes and shoes (2.2%); furniture, household appliances and regular maintenance (0.5%); health (0.1%).
Prices remained at the same level as in the previous month on alcoholic drinks and tobacco; housing, water, electricity, gas and other fuels; communications systems; and education.
The effect of "Anim" Snapshot is criticized as a caricature of Asians
Snapchat claims that this filter is inspired by anime, but some observers say that it.
With the help of the "lens" tool, Snapchat allows about 150 million users a day to change reality and play with an individual in ways that border the absurdity.
You can turn yourself into an anus, a dog or a character of a Roy Lichtenstein painting.
The lenses are crude, sparring features that create more than 30 million adjusted selfies a day.
Any mistakes quickly become common.
Snapchat's lenses have been criticized in the past when they were accused of promoting dark facial skin or encouraged the whitewashed faces as an ideal of beauty.
So when some users this week offered a lens that gave them with their eyes, curly teeth and puffy cheeks, some critics considered it a racist caricature of Asians - "yellow."
And they questioned whether these repeated contradictions on the more serious problem of a diversity.
On Wednesday, news reports and outrage in reports on The Verge and Dashboard, the next day after Snapchat claimed to have removed the feature.
The company commented: the lens was designed as a tribute to anime characters, not as a caricature of Asians.
But experts who know about racism are not heard, the lens reminded offensive stereotypes in action.
Others completely rejected the comparison with anime.
In an email Grace Sparapani, a Korean-American arts student whose tweet about photographs actively shared, said that the lens was "offensive and at least embarrassing."
She added that "it's hard to argue with comparison side by side very rough caricatures on Asians and the effects of the filter.
This shows that the filter is not just yellow, but rather humbly yellow.
Snapchat is not the only company passing through these cultural bridges.
American culture seems to be involved in an endless struggle for diversity and inclusiveness, ranging from the corporate meeting rooms to Hollywood and the devices that we all carry with ourselves.
And a huge audience of young people in Snapshot - who are more racially diverse than their older generation - can mean that they are more likely to wait for understanding.
When one of Snapchat's lenses creates an image offensive to the user, then, said in an interview Thursday 25-year-old Kathy Zu, "such a course of events is much more difficult to go unnoticed as it used to be."
On Thursday, Zhu, product manager and engineer who works for Amazon.com, decided to remove his account in Snapchat and urged others to do the same.
In an article for Medium and in a telephone interview, she said she believes that racial contradictions are the cause of insufficient diversity when set of frames in Snepchat.
I have criticized the predominantly white company, which consists only of men and has finished its article: <hash> DeleteSnapchat.
As Zhu, who is herself an American of Chinese descent: "either they did not have enough non-white people in the state who could make such decisions or they have non-white people, but they do not occupy positions that can be safely and openly expressed."
Other observers share her view, complaining that Snapchat did not answer most of its questions.
The company does not publish information on the representation of national minorities in its state, emphasizing its status as a private company.
On Thursday, Snapchat declined to discuss the racial origin of its staff, but according to a trusted person, the company recently hired a recruiter to focus on underrepresented sections of the population and on active efforts to involve domestic resources.
For his part, Zhu said she would keep her account in Snapshot closed, adding, "I wonder if they really need more users like us to be able to say that so won't go."
Military leadership has distorted intelligence about ISIS, reports the congressional commission
Officials from the U.S. Central Command have altered intelligence reports to present a more optimistic picture of the war against the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria than on the grounds of the event, the congressional committee said in a report released on Thursday.
The interim report of the group, overseen by the Republican chairmen of the House Committee on Armed Forces, the Intelligence Committee and the Subcommittee on Military appropriations, found "widespread dissatisfaction" among analysts of the Central Command, who argue that executives were adjusting their estimates of American actions to win over the Islamic State.
The central command, known as CENTCOM, is the main military administration in Tampa, Florida, which controls American military operations in the Middle East and Central Asia.
"The intelligence documents approved by the supreme command of the Central Committee generally gave a more optimistic image of US anti-terrorism actions than confirmed by real data from the scene, and were steadily more optimistic than the analysis provided by other special services," the report said.
"What was happening in the Center is unacceptable: when the senior leadership appears to be unreliable, our military," said a member of the House of Representatives Ken Calvert, a California Republican.
Problems with management in the Center reach the very top of the organization.
The ten-page report details the constantly emerging in 2014 and 2015 in the description and analysis of American actions aimed at training Iraqi armed forces provided by the Central Command.
Although it does not contain definitive evidence that members of the Obama administration's leadership have ordered falsifying reports, he argues that analysts felt that the Central Committee's leadership encouraged them to represent a more optimistic view of the threat from the Islamic State, also known as ISIS or ISIL.
"During the first half of 2015, many press releases, statements and testimony from Central Command in Congress were significantly more optimistic than the actual events," the report reported.
For example, a Central Committee official publicly stated that a major military attack aimed at Mosul's return could begin as early as April or May 2015.
Mosul, Iraq's second-largest city, remains under the control of the Islamic State.
"After months of investigation this is known for sure," House Speaker Mike Pompeo, a Republican from Kansas, said in a statement.
From mid-2014 to mid-2015, the leadership of the U.S. Central Command's most senior intelligence officer forged intelligence documents to exaggerate the threat from ISIS in Iraq.
Republicans created an operational group when they learned that analysts had expressed concern that intelligence on the Islamic State had been rigged.
As the investigation progresses, the report, published on Thursday, will follow the more developed data.
Additional, not completed at the moment is conducted by the Chief Inspector of the Ministry of Defence.
Representatives of the Democratic Party in the House Intelligence Committee published on Thursday their own data, which are consistent with some of the conclusions of the Republican operative group.
"Between 2014 and 2015, CENTCOM has created an overly closed procedure for the production of intelligence assessments on Iraq and Iraq's security forces," the House of Representatives Adam B. Schiff, the Democratic Party in a statement.
This procedure, according to Schiff, "stalled the release of intelligence documents," harmed the morale of analysts and "does not adequately reflect the divergent views."
But Schiff and the Democrats argue that they did not find evidence that the White House was trying to force the Central Committee's analysts to put their conclusions under "a given or political interpretation."
Preliminary results of the Congressional investigation were presented on Tuesday by the portal The Daily Beast.
Last August, The New York Times reported the existence of an investigation into the Pentagon's chief inspector general, open after complaints from the Central Committee's analysts.
Lieutenant Commander Patrick Evans, a Pentagon spokesman, said in a statement that the Ministry of Defence would not comment on the congressional report while continuing the investigation by the Chief Inspector General.
But he said that "experts sometimes disagree with the interpretation of complex data, and the special services and the Ministry of Defence welcome a healthy dialogue on these vital topics concerning national security."
The consequences of the investigation go beyond the question of whether the target of the American-led bombing in Iraq and Syria (as the Ministry of Defence now claims).
But last year's statements cast doubt on whether President Obama can rely on the Central Command to provide truthful assessments of military operations in Iraq, Afghanistan, Libya, and other crisis points.
Criticism of intelligence on the Islamic State repeats the controversy more than a decade ago, when intelligence analyst Gregory Schumacher wrote a research paper alleging that President George W. Bush's administration was in favor of a small number of troops in Iraq and did not think about what would follow the 2003 invasion.
Hooker also played a key role in the protest caused by intelligence on the Islamic State.
In the past year, according to officials, Jupiter's team has concluded that despite public statements to the contrary, air strikes on oil-and-gas factories belonging to the Islamic State did not cause a significant deterioration in the financial position of the terrorist group, because it has built temporary oil refineries to sell oil on the black market.
But the discovery was not common outside the Central Command, as reported in the September Times newspaper.
The then-commander of the Central Committee, General Lloyd J. Austin III, was criticized last year after testimony in the Senate, which many deputies considered an overly optimistic assessment of the war.
General Austin retired in April and was replaced by the Central Command. Joseph L. Steinel.
The US wins four times in a row in women's hockey on the grass, thereby approaching a decisive battle with Britain
Having scored three goals in a match that ended with victory over Japan with a score of 6-1, opened the score on Thursday by the first two races for the U.S. team on the grass, when the Americans won the India team with a score of 3-0.
Five goals in two games should be a memorable achievement, but BAM, who is 27 years old, claims she wasn't sure if she'd done something like that.
"The mind is not attached," she said.
I'm really not of those people who track their goals.
That's what she knows: the score of Americans 4-0 in the Olympic tournament, and they are competing for first place in their group with Britain, which remains invincible after losing to Japan with a score of 2-0 on Thursday.
The teams of Britain and the United States will meet on Saturday in the last game of the first round.
Both teams claim the quarter finals and the result of the game will determine who will take the first place in their group of six teams, and who is second.
The winner will avoid meetings with a strong team of rivals from Holland, the leaders of the other group, a little weather when the games of the quarter-finals begin.
However, Saturday's game shows that the Americans here made the noise of their unexpected series, four years after they ranked last among 12 teams at the London games.
BEM was in that team.
She grew up in Blue Bell, Pennsylvania, first took the puck for hockey on the grass when she was 3 (her older twin sisters played this sport in Drexel), and joined the national team at the age of 16, becoming her youngest player in history.
She missed the 2008 Olympics when she did not pass the qualifying round to the final lineup.
Then came 2012, when everyone didn't get on with her and her teammates.
The following year, Coeig Parnham, an Englishman, was appointed coach, and everything began to change.
"Cultural change, change, change in physical training," said BAM.
In London, we had not the kind of performance that is now.
We have completely changed their views.
On Thursday night, Ham opened the score in the first half of the game of the throw with an uncomfortable hand at a short distance.
India went to the game without a single win in the tournament, but the team showed up surprisingly hard and kept the score 1-0 until the end of the third period when the BAM took the initiative into their hands.
She made a long pass with the ball down the left side of the field, then the spiral went into the middle and sharply pushed the ball into the gate, thereby giving the Americans an advantage in 2-0.
Melissa Gonzalez added the final goal in the middle of the fourth period.
The victory was the first in the tournament for U.S. goalkeeper Jackie Briggs, who missed one goal in each of the first three wins.
She's in a hit.
.
"We are in a good position right now," Parnham said, but how good it depends on the outcome of Saturday's game.
In the midst of the inexhaustible of the Olympics - the "Zen" jumping on the baton
Wherever you are, no matter how long it is, it's the Olympics.
The events in Rio de Janeiro seem unchanged and inevitable, it's a frantic mix of competition and aspirations.
Like the Olympic flame itself and there is the burning torch which is transmitted from the beam to the swimmer, to the gymnasium, to the triathlon.
You can't turn on TV, read the newspaper or listen to your neighbors "conversation in the cafe and hear about Simone Bayles, Kthese Ledeks, or the feud between Michael Feldus and Chad de Kolo.
And there is Logan Dulli.
Dululi, for the first time participating in the Olympic Games, could well be among those celebrities who show up in the prime-time, who are promoted by sponsors and life-affirming commercials if he were a swimmer, a gymnast, or even a fencer.
But the 28-year-old Duli from Lake Forest in California is fighting for gold in the Olympic jumping competitions.
The Olympic flame does not cover all events equally.
Further from the centre, partly in the shadows, there are those sports that are not universally recognised: pneumatic pistol, the shooting of the pan, badminton, tectondo.
Brass will always be with us, a long reign.
But if I am allowed to try to defend my personal addiction, let me draw your attention to the modest charm of jumping on the trampoline.
Although the Olympic Games have been an Olympic sport since 2000, when they debuted at the Sydney Games, over the past 16 years, they have received so little recognition that many of the people I interviewed were not aware that they belong to Olympic sports at all.
This could be a regional ignorance.
Although the United States and sent athletes to competitions, they have never won medals in trampoline, and their athletes did not go to the final until 2012.
Chinese and Russians tend to divide male awards, and Chinese and Canadians are female.
Dun Dong from China and Rousie Maclennan of Canada will defend their London gold medals this year.
But jumping on the trampoline has an outsider's charm, particularly because the unenlightened ear is rather associated with a circus college than with the Olympic Games.
Here I have to admit that I'm not an expert, but only a landed enthusiast.
They really have a comic potential - a caricature of unending jumps - but also the elegance of gymnastics and jumping into the water, the two sports they mostly combine.
The word "trampoline" comes from the Spanish word "el Polypology," meaning "springboard for jumping into water."
The contenders for the victory jump on the giant trampoline, soaring into the air at almost 30 feet, and must perform a series of acrobatic tricks (turns, bend and salto) before the final landing on their feet.
They are judged on execution, complexity and "flight time," according to the official programme of the Olympic Games.
Thirty-two athletes from 17 countries, 16 men and 16 women will compete in Rio.
The most common Olympic course is forward.
The medal applicants must go further, faster, higher and higher in pursuit of gold, sometimes to the finish, and sometimes back and forth, to come here across the field.
They aspire not only to the finish line or the starting wall, but also in the cameras, to the other dressing room: the world or Olympic record.
This stubborn pursuit is noble, worthy of admiration, even fanatical - and it is enough to make even the viewer look.
But it is, in my opinion, somewhat tedious when viewing the Games.
From jumping on the trampoline.
The direction of the batsman is up.
Moving forward is not a goal.
He or she approaches, seems weightless like an astronaut, flying up, then down, then without effort again up.
And in them, of course, do not give up without competition or difficulty, but throughout the program there is no frenzied zeal to finish, no jumps in length, only a wondrous, elegant disappearance of time and gravity.
It is the closest to the Zen Olympic sport.
Women's qualifying competitions and then the final will take place on Friday afternoon, broadcast in the hour of the day by Eastern European time; male - on Saturday, also an hour.
NBC will broadcast the final in the daytime programme starting at 14: 00 in both days.
In the midst of the Olympic parade, a calm, beautiful moment is expected, which can easily be seen in the general dump.
And if the growth of consciousness can be achieved only by subjugating male athletes and objectification - as, according to the Wall Street Journal, recently suggested male gymnasts from the United States - the Dulles are only waiting for their new admired crowd of fans.
A generation is protesting "in Ethiopia, a longtime U.S. ally
Furious protests in Ethiopia
Protesters demanding political change in Ethiopia faced fierce opposition from the government.
Eyewitnesses say dozens of protesters were fatally injured during clashes with police.
Is Ethiopia really on the verge of splitting?
Over the past decade, it has been one of the most stable countries in Africa, a firm ally of the West with a rapidly developing economy.
But in recent months, anti-government protests have shaken the country, spreading to an increasing number of its territories.
Only last week, thousands of people took to the streets, demanding radical political change.
According to human rights advocates, the government's response was brutal.
Eyewitnesses claimed that police officers shot and killed dozens of unarmed demonstrators.
Video footage from the protests, allegedly filmed late in the past or earlier this year, shows how security officers beat young people with sticks when they put their hands to the wall.
The United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights is now calling for a thorough investigation.
"It has always been difficult to keep this country from collapse, and further it will be even more difficult," said Rashid Abdi, head of the "African Horn" project in the international research group.
Ethiopia is Africa's second populous country after Nigeria, and its stability is supported by the West.
U.S. military and intelligence services work closely with Ethiopians to combat terrorist threats in the region, especially in Somalia, and virtually no country in Africa receives such support from the West.
Ethiopia's economy is developing with impressive speed.
Its infrastructure has improved significantly - there is even a new suburban train in the capital Addis Ababa.
And its streets are usually quiet, safe and clean.
However, Ethiopia has hardly been a model of democracy - human rights organizations constantly mention government repression - opposition on the territory of the state was suppressed, by the fact that the AKP has actually been silenced.
Many of them were exiled, imprisoned, killed or driven to remote deserts.
But that may change.
"If people are constantly repressed and left with no other choice but to protest, an uprising will rise," said Seyum Teashem, the university's lecturer in central Ethiopia.
All the youth are protesting.
A generation is protesting.
The complaints are numerous, ranging from land use to the seizure of power by the government coalition.
After the widely criticized elections last year, the government party and its allies completely ousted the opposition and now control 100 percent of Parliament.
At the same time, tensions along the border with Eritrea is growing; the fight for this uncertain, disputed border has claimed hundreds of lives in June.
Analysts fear that separatist groups that have been more or less destroyed in recent years, such as the Oromo Liberation Front or the Ogaden National Liberation Front, may try to exploit the unrest and rearm.
A number of factors explain why bitter feelings, several years of boiling in the depths of the soul, erupt now.
The first seemingly innocuous: smartphones.
In the last couple of years, a large number of Ethiopians have been able to communicate on social networks as cheap smartphones have become commonplace and the internet service has become better.
Even when the government closes access to Facebook and Twitter, as is often the case, especially during the protests, many people still find it possible to communicate through proxy servers that hide where they are.
Several young Ethiopians said that this was how they organized for the protests.
Second, that there is more solidarity between Oromo and Amhara, the two largest Ethiopian ethnic groups.
Oromo and Amhara are not natural allies.
For centuries, Amhara of the predominantly Christian highlands of Ethiopia flourished in politics and business, exploiting Oromo, many of whom are Muslim and live in low-lying areas.
But it also changes.
"We will act together under a single start," said Mulatu Gemerescu, the Oomo leader.
The largest protests took place in the areas of Amhara and Oromo.
Many of Amhara and Oromo feel that Ethiopia is unfairly dominated by members of the ethnic group, which accounts for around 6 percent of the population and which controls military and intelligence services, trade, and politics.
The third cause of unrest is the loss of Meles Zenawi.
Meles, a former rebel leader, Prime Minister of Ethiopia for 17 years, up to his death from an unknown disease in 2012.
He was considered a tactical genius, a man who could have foreseen the danger.
Analysts say he was particularly adept at recognizing the first grievances and using intelligence to obtain data and defuse opponents.
"The current regime lacks common sense," said Abdi, an analyst with conflict situations.
The new Prime Minister of Ethiopia, Heilaram Desalen, came from nowhere and took the place of Meles.
Unlike Meles, who was originally from the region of Tygrai in northern Ethiopia, Haylemaram is a young man.
Analysts say he does not enjoy the confidence of the security services controlled by Tygray.
Many fear that this will lead to even more bloodshed.
The last time Ethiopia experienced such unrest was in 2005 after thousands of people protested against what analysts said was apparently an election that the government had torn and then leaked results.
In the course of the armed repression, many Protestants were killed, albeit in smaller numbers compared to the last months, and this period of unrest passed relatively quickly.
Development experts have expressed gratitude to the leaders of Ethiopia for the far-sighted development of infrastructure, such as the new long-distance train and significant successes in the fight against poverty.
But it is clear that this has not stopped the growth of domestic discontent with the government of Ethiopia.
And it takes a dangerous ethnic form.
Last month, protesters in Gondar, a city in Amhara, attacked businesses owned by Tygrai and anti-Tyrolean hatred on social networks is becoming comprehensive.
Analysts say the protesters put the United States and other Western allies in an uncomfortable position.
The American government used Ethiopia as a base for drone flights over neighboring Somalia, although it recently announced that it had closed the base.
On the one hand, it is clear that the West wants to support democracy, but on the other hand it does not want its ally to lose power in an already volatile region.
"And on this strained rope it will be difficult to pass," Abdi said.
Donald Trump explains his claim that ISIS was founded by Obama, "sarcasm"
Donald J. Trump tried to clamp down on the latest conflict engulfing his campaign headquarters on Friday, claiming he panicked when several times this week claimed that President Obama and Hillary Clinton were the "founders" of the terrorist group Islamic State.
The clarification raised new questions about the ability of the presidential candidate from the Republican Party to sensibly appeal to the American people.
It also put his deputies, who tried to protect him during the period of unrest, in an awkward position, as they had to explain the statements he probably did not have in mind.
This assumption at the congress on Wednesday evening, Trump strongly insisted on his approval on Thursday, repeating in an interview that he really wanted to say that the president and Clinton founded ISIS.
But in a post in Twitter early on Friday, Trump wrote that he was just hedging.
This post was the direct opposite of a statement made just a day earlier, when Trump announced in several interviews that he is absolutely serious in his indictment.
When radio announcer Hugh Hewitt tried to help Trump soften his speech by reminding him that Obama wants to destroy ISIS, the Republican presidential candidate did not take advantage of the opportunity.
The latest scandal erupted when Trump tried to refocus his campaign on the economy amid declining ratings.
Trump and Clinton made competing speeches about the economy in Michigan this week.
On Friday, Trump again tried to return to the topic.
Once again resorting to a tweet, he warned that Clinton's plans would increase taxes, and stated that her speech was boring.
Trump has previously used sarcasm as an excuse.
In late July, after he poured scorn on the idea that the Russians should crack down on Clinton's e-mail, he later explained his comments, saying, "Of course, I'm joking."
Such an approach allows Trump to go beyond the limits of political speech and take his words back if necessary.
"I think it's his way to test those or other messages that resonate among his fans, look at how they act, and then" explain "them to the other side, depending on the reaction," said Ruth Sherman, a communications expert who conducted the language analysis of both candidates.
But I also think he is cautious in his opinions and knows that they are vague enough to interpret them in different ways.
Instead of softening statements for the broad electorate, Trump has taken an even more hawkish tone in recent days, while his rating continues to fall.
The new NBC / Wall Street Journal / Marist rating, published on Friday, showed that Trump is inferior to Clinton with a big overhang in North Carolina, Virginia, and Colorado, and goes with her in Florida.
Although Trump tends to try not to apologize for provocative things that he says, he often accuses his critics of misinterpreting his words and misunderstanding his sense of humour.
But as Trump became the object of heightened attention in recent months of the presidential campaign, his jokes put his staunch allies in an awkward position: they have to publicly support him, however provocative his remarks.
Rudolf W. Giuliani, the former mayor of New York, who is one of Trump's most prominent deputies, made serious efforts to protect the candidate in an interview given to CNN on Thursday.
"I think what he says is an acceptable political commentary," Giuliani said when asked about the credibility of Trump's assertion that Obama and Clinton founded the Islamic State.
It is true in the sense that before Obama was an almost unknown Malaysian organization, he called it a no-show threat, absolutely unfair, and that's why everything happened because he led troops out of Iraq.
Most of the average Republican Republicans believe that the Obama administration, in which Clinton held the post of Secretary of State, allowed Lu to develop, as she failed to resolve the situation in the Middle East.
Before the briefing in Pennsylvania on Friday, Trump continued in Twitter to attack the media for breaking every word and bias toward him.
He mocked the "poor unfortunate" television experts who tried to let him, and said: "they are weak!"
Some Democrats have ridiculed Trump's excuses, as more proof that he is not good.
Once ousted coffee maker returns to Greenwich
The "Verb" coffee shop was charmed, taking only cash place in Williamsburg, where there was no Wi-Fi, but served good coffee for 15 years.
Naturally, she was forced out of her premises with a window on Bedford Avenue.
The store "Soap Sheri," which took place "Verb" in the summer of 2014, is engaged in selling soap in the form of kecs.
Locals mourned it as a last loss in the renewing city.
Artist Molly CrabApple wrote in Twitter: "new York is constantly changing, I know, but still I can't believe that CBGB is dead, the Chelsea Hotel is destroyed, and" Verb "has now become a soap shop."
But while New York is constantly changing, it is, in turn, updated.
The reborn coffee chain Verb opened last November in Greenpoint, less than a mile north of the original location.
In the new "shipyard" there are Wi-Fi and accept credit cards, but there are still some of the same employees and a similar simple atmosphere.
Moreover, coffee is still good.
At the head of the new "Verba" stands Sisko Rodrigez, a longtime employee of the old coffee shop, who is the owner and general manager at the new location.
He started working in the "shipyard" in 2001 and was there until the very end.
When one of the clients offered to sponsor him at the new place, he said that he would be happy with it.
Rodrigues, who is 36 years old, has left much in.
"Verb" works with the same distributor of badges and bought the same model of the.
It even contains chandeliers from the old "Verba."
But Rodrigez said he would also like to experiment.
He offered new dishes.
The menu includes sandwiches with bacon, egg and cheese, and there are available toppings from capers or fried onions.
There are dishes of brown rice.
The coffee, but now freshly squeezed juices are being prepared.
Nine months later, Rodrigez said he was paying attention to the steady flow of old regular customers.
"Many former clients have also issued prices from Williamsburg," he shared.
In one recent Sunday, Rebecca Oliveira was one of such clients.
Oliveira, 34, previously lived in Williamsburg and frequently visited "Verb."
Even after she moved to Greenpoint, she still went there.
After the closure of Verba, she said she had stopped drinking coffee for a while.
"I realized that it was coffee and the atmosphere that I was in," she said.
Now she drinks coffee again, although on that day instead of the usual espresso coffee she ordered a salted tea, another novelty.
Tom Rosenthal, another long-time customer, has been visiting Verb since 2003.
He went to work and ordered invariably the same thing.
"In fifteen minutes eighth, every day, like the clock, I came and I was preparing my beigle with butter and with all the beginnings," he said.
Rodrigez said he wanted to experiment and introduced new dishes on the menu.
Today Rosenthal is still making a regular order, but someday it will change something with bacon, eggs or cheese on gingle with all the beginnings.
Jerez said he was not offended by the fact that the soap shop once occupied the old place.
Moreover, the owners of "Soap Sheri" offered to make a special soap for "Verba," using coffee from the coffee table, prepared in a cold way, as an ingredient.
"I think we might agree on their proposal," said Rodrigez.
The permanent residents of the Polish of Poland also loved this coffee shop.
One of these new clients has translated the menu into Polish, and Rodrigez said he plans to find a place for him in the shop window to make his new neighbours feel welcome.
The new place has other benefits.
The local point for selling juices plans to spill over bottles and sell coffee, prepared by the cold way.
There is a possibility that a coffee shop will join a neighbouring building.
For many customers, it is enough that the new "Verb" will include their favorite dishes on the menu.
Joseph Whitt was a regular customer and shared that he was killed by grief when they closed.
When the coffee shop opened at the new location, Whitt said that by entering inside and ordering a cup of coffee, he felt as if he had returned home.
"How long ago I wanted to feel this scent," he admitted.
Depressed food depression in "dense meal"
In March 1933, shortly after climbing the presidency, Franklin Delano Roosevelt sat down for lunch in the Oval Office.
As a gourd, the president of Ecuador liked the fashionable Fifth Avenue, for example, the fuga-gra and the mermaid turtle soup.
His menu on this day was more modest: stuffed eggs in tomato sauce, potato puree and dessert - pudding from the worm.
"It was an act of culinary solidarity with the people who suffered," said Jane Zigelman.
Her husband Andrew Coe added: "it was also a message to Americans about how to eat."
Spouses living in Brooklyn-Hayes are the food history specialists.
The last book, "The Rogue in Chinese," was devoted to Chinese cuisine in America, and Zigelman told the story of life in an apartment in Lower East Side via food in his book "House 97 on the Street."
Their new joint work of "dense meal," which will be published on Tuesday by Harper's publishing house - is the story of American food in the Great Depression.
In some degree of their own culinary solidarity, they met with a reporter for dinner at Eisenberg's Sandwich Shop, a tiny simple snack in Flecyron Quarter, which has been operating since 1929, the year of the Birch Crash.
Siegelman, 54, ordered a cream cheese and a sandwich with pieces of olives, and Cou, 57, took the turkey, potato puree and vegetable mixture.
When a reporter ordered the meat roll, the pair considered this a suitable starting point for a discussion of food in the era of the Depression era.
"The rolls were in great demand," Zigelman said.
There was an peanut roll, a woolly roll, a boar roll.
They were made of the main ingredient and cheap products that allowed to stretch the ingredient.
Imagine that you ate as much peanuts as you need for dinner.
.
"Probably he was lying in the stomach by a stone," he said.
In the years before the Depression, the American table, especially in rural areas, was a Swedish table.
Women's groups were preparing for the farm workers, and freshly baked cake was served for breakfast, lunch and dinner.
It was Americans who sent food to starving Europeans during the First World War. the "hearty meal" describes how the country was dealing with the fact that it was suddenly destined to be a country of abundance.
"It was a time when food became a central, difficult topic for Americans," Coe said, explaining why he and his wife decided to write about it.
Was a new budget diet: mysterious dishes, such as rolls and baked goods became the main food; the snack was "a wonderful way to recycle," said Zigelman, "because cooks could hide unappetizing ingredients under a thick layer of sauce.
Fresh fruit has been replaced with cheaper dried fruit.
Meat, over the years the former foundation of American food, has become an economically distributed luxury.
People have tried strange mixtures because energy and nutritional value have become more important than taste and even culinary common sense.
Engaged in research for a book that includes recipes, Zigelman prepared a dish of that era: a baked onion stuffed with peanut butter.
"This addition to the dinner table was not a success," Mr Coe said.
Siegelman added: "it was very strange."
Peanut butter is completely unsuited to the pan.
This was typical of many household recipes.
As never before and ever since, homebuilders - including Louise Stanley, chief of the federal Bureau of Household from 1923 to 1943 - managed the country's food habits.
By publishing recipes and articles in newspapers and magazines, they advised women to become "contributors of the budget," to accept the challenge and to transform the boom-like spaghetti with carrots in delicious dishes.
"A hearty meal" is a feast of curious historical facts.
Especially picky stories about the government's reaction to starving citizens, for example, the position of President Herbert Hoover in the spirit of "let eat cakes."
Publicly praising the simple farmstead of the state of Iowa since his childhood, he was fed up as a sophisticated millionaire who has become.
"He liked the continental cuisine, for example, fish with a cucumber sauce," Kou said.
He was eating practically in a gilded dining room, wearing a tuxedo.
He was fantastically detached from reality.
President Roosevelt could make the same mistake if his wife Eleanor did not advise him to give an example of his own stomach.
As a book in the book, Eleanor Roosevelt hired an economy that was not interested in taste, and this led the White House to "consume not only the most despondent food in Washington, but sometimes the most disgusting."
Many of the culinary receptions of the Depression era were forgotten once the country got on its feet.
Their legacy is our constant focus on calories and nutrition, says Siegelman, and on how science has been used in cooking.
The spouses tell that at the time of writing, they better understand the food habits of Zyelman's mother - that she could not throw food, for example.
"She was seriously afraid of careless attitude towards food," said Kou.
Siegelman recalls: "She's really poisoned people."
There was one unpleasant case of profiteering.
When the plates in Glasenberg's lowered, they got a dessert, which prepared at home: dessert from the worm that President Roosevelt had eaten for lunch.
"It's called ink," Zigelman said, adding that it was a common reception - giving modest recipes of the broth names.
Whipped cream was not, only a worm, a little flour, sugar, water and cinnamon.
All reluctantly plunged a spoon into a viscous, brown, sticky substance.
Surprisingly, it was not good.
Keating has twice asked for supplements.
He told his wife: "a little bit of chopped walnuts would not stop here."
Mass drama in the Khevan cemetery until November 14
The unnamed court left until 14 November under arrest figures of the case of mass drama at the Hovar the cemetery, satisfied with the application of the investigation.
14 persons are being held as the accused.
It will be recalled that on May 14, a mass fight of several hundred people from Central Asia and the North Caucasus with the use of weapons, which killed three people.
The former head of the Joint Chiefs, and a lawyer, co-founder of the public organization "Healthy Nation" Alexander Bocharnikov charged with organizing murder.
The issue of the second for 2016 indexation of pensions can be resolved within the next two to three weeks.
This was reported on August 12 by Deputy Prime Minister of the Russian Government Olga Golovets during a visit to the Bryansk region.
We have specific parameters to raise pension in order to reduce the inflation that exists in the country.
All calculations are produced.
Now economists are summing up the results of the half-year, and we will complete this work within the next two to three weeks, "Interfax quoted the Interfax.
Commenting on the proposed head of the Center for Strategic Development Alexey Kudrin to raise the pension age for half a year each year, the Vice Premier reported that the issue is not considered in Kabina.
At the end of July it became known that the Government agreed on a position on full indexation of pension payments in 2017.
Kamensky and Grigoryan took part in the final round of the shooting of a small caliber rifle.
Russian athletes Sergei Kamensky and Kirill Grigoryan went to the final round of the shooting of a low-caliber rifle from the position of lying at the Olympic Games in Brazil.
As reported by TASS, Sergei Kamensky scored 629 points and took the first place - the new Olympic record in qualifying.
Kirill Grigoryan became the second - 628.9 bull.
There were eight of the best athletes took place.
Kamensky is the world record holder in this discipline (633).
Turkish opposition Fethullah Gulen is demanding an international investigation into the circumstances of the coup attempt in Turkey.
"I demand that an independent international commission conducted an investigation into the coup attempt," quoted Gulen French newspaper Le Monde.
Also, the Turkish opposition stated that "if any part of the charges is confirmed, I will return to Turkey."
However, Gulen denies involvement in the coup, stressing that his organization has never claimed political power.
The Istanbul court had previously arrested opposition Islamic preacher Fethullah Gulen.
Let us recall that the attempted military coup took place in Turkey on the night of 15-16 July.
Gilead companies will shift the costs of attorney services during a dispute over hepatitis C patent with Merck
Gilead Sciences Inc is entitled to receive reimbursement of that it incurred in connection with the litigation on the issue of a patent for a hepatitis C drug with the drug manufacturer Merck & Co Inc, a federal district judge ruled.
In June, Gilead was exempted from paying $200 million in damages for a breach of Merck's two patents related to Gilead's drugs, sales leaders, Sovaldi and Harvoni, after a U.S. judge found a number of violations by Merck, including lying under oath and other unethical acts.
In court on Thursday, the U.S. Federal District Court Judge Bet Lebson Freeman, said Gilead was entitled to reimbursement of expenses incurred in the course of challenging the claim.
Merck is trying to catch up with Gilead, which dominates the market for a new generation of drugs from hepatitis C, which can cure more than 90 percent of patients with liver disease.
The case took place in 2013, when Gilchrist and Merck sued each other, claiming their rights to the laboratory work, which was based on the phosphorus, the active ingredient of Gstaad medicines.
Armed forces, created with the support of the US, claim to have intercepted full control of Manbijam by the Islamic State
Armed forces created with US support, seized full control of the northern town of Manbij near the Turkish border after the last remaining militants of the Islamic State left, a group spokesman said Friday.
Syrian Democratic Forces (SDS) now lead the city after the remaining group of militants who were hiding in the city.
They released more than 2,000 civilian hostages held by the militants, according to the state-run Reuters news agency Sharfan Darwinch of the allied with the SDS military council of Manbija.
"The city is now completely under our control, but we are taking operations to clean up," he told Reuters news agency.
Clinton earned 10.75 million dollars in 2015 and paid 34.2 percent of federal tax rate
Hillary Clinton on Friday unveiled her tax returns for 2015, which showed that the Democratic presidential candidate and her husband had this year's $10.75 million income and paid an effective federal tax rate of 34.2 percent.
In 2015, the Clintons received $1 million in charitable contributions, mostly to the Clinton Foundation, former President Bill Clinton received about $5.3 million in royalties for speeches, and the former secretary of state announced a $3 million donation from publisher Simon & Schuster for her book about her tenure at the State Department.
Clinton's potential vice president, U.S. Senator Tim Kane of Virginia, along with his wife Anna Holton unveiled tax returns for 10 years.
In 2015, they paid an effective federal tax rate of 20.3 per cent.
"Hillary Clinton and Tim Kane continue to set the standard of financial transparency," Clinton's campaign adviser, Jennifer Palmieri, said in a statement.
In complete contrast, Donald Trump lurks behind fake excuses and violates his past promises to disclose his tax returns.
It is common for US presidential candidates to publish their tax returns, although the law does not require them.
New York businessman Trump and his lawyers, called the State Tax Service check as the reason for his refusal to disclose his tax returns.
"Your move," wrote Clinton's campaign adviser, Ian Sms wrote in Twitter, referring to the Democratic Party.
On Thursday, Trump's special adviser, Michael Cohen told CNN that he would not allow Trump to release them before the end of the checks.
Trump's critics, including Republican presidential candidate in 2012 Mitt Romney and other fellow Republicans, said his refusal raises questions about his condition, his charitable interests, his business operations and other ties, including Russia.
Clinton seized on the issue and on Friday released an online video in which the prime minister was taken away by prominent Republicans who urged Trump to disclose tax reporting.
On Thursday, she raised the issue during a speech on the economy in Michigan.
"He refuses to do what everyone has done without exception to the presidential candidate for decades: to disclose his tax returns," she told the gathering.
The POLITICO reported that Trump had paid no or almost no taxes for two years in the 1990 "s, and the New York Times on Friday quoted many tax lawyers and accountants,,.
Federal tax rates have become the subject of a dispute in the presidential election.
Clinton supported the rule, named in honor of billionaire investor Warren Buffett, who would guarantee that people receiving more than $1 million a year would pay a tax rate of at least 30 percent.
President Barack Obama also supported the proposal.
At a meeting with Clinton last week in Omaha, Nebraska, Buffett, whose conglomerate Berkshire Hathaway is there based, suggested Trump meet and exchange tax declarations.
Buffett said he, too, is under the IRS and that Trump is "afraid" of not the tax collection agency but voters.
Clinton's campaign headquarters unveiled tax returns until 2007.
The Clintons, who now live in Chappaqua, in New York, paid the average federal tax rate of about 32 percent from 2007 to 2014 and an effective aggregate tax rate of approximately 40.5 percent.
The Clintons' 2015 declaration showed that, unlike most Americans, only for $100 of their income source was wages.
Their main investment was the low-cost index fund, and the Clintons announced dividends and capital gains of $109.
Additional reporting by Kevin Dumbo; Editing by Jonathan Oatis
Condoms with chili powder and fireworks increase the protection of tantalian elephants
Environmental activists in Tanzania are using an unconventional way to prevent elephants from entering the localities - they throw condoms filled with chili powder.
The method proved effective, and the Wikimedia Foundation, which came to mind a few years ago, together with the American Nature Protection Committee took its promotion, teaching volunteers in northern Tanzania's villages to use a non-violent, consisting of four steps, a way to protect their homes and crops without causing harm to animals.
Previously many used spears to protect themselves.
Friday will be World Elephants Day, dedicated to animal protection.
"Since we have invented a set of tools... we are seeing a change in attitudes within these communities, as a result of which they are much more confident that they will be able to not let the elephants on their fields without causing harm to their fields," Honeyguide Damian Bell said in a statement.
The first two steps consist in filling the torch in front of the broken border and sending signals using horns.
If he was unable to scare him, then the so-called "chili cloud" is thrown.
The powder, mixed with soil, is placed with a condom in a condom, and its end is twist, the outside remains only a fetish.
When the condom was lit, it burst with a thunderstorm, spraying the fine dust powder in the air.
One thing is usually enough to deploy the elephant to the other side.
The extreme measure is a starting device that shoots Roman candles into the air, producing a loud, bright explosion.
Turkey has so far not returned 32 Turkish diplomats who left the country after a coup attempt in July of this year.
Such data led the head of the Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Chausoglu in conversation with local journalists.
At the first stage, we recalled competent personnel diplomats to continue their work in the centre.
Of these, 32 people without objective reasons and explanations have not returned, "said the head of the Turkish foreign policy office.
Let us recall that in July, there was an attempted coup in Turkey.
The country's authorities officially declared that the coup had failed, and reported the detention of more than six thousand people, among them military personnel of the highest and middle level.
As a result of the coup attempt, according to the Turkish Ministry of Foreign Affairs, 290 people died.
The Jewish director sharply criticized Berlin hotel for removing Israel's telephone code at "request" of Arabs - RT News
The French director of Jewish origin unleashed a scandal in the media, finding that the Hotel Elisabeth Bristol in Berlin does not have a list of Israel's telephone code, and employees refer to "requests" from Arab clients.
Claude Lanzman, author of the Holocaust documentary "Shoah," expressed his dissatisfaction with the Kempinski Hotel Bristol in Berlin, writing an open letter to the German media FAZ.
During his recent stay at the hotel, Lanzman tried to find Israel in the list of telephone codes provided by the hotel.
The country, however, has not been mentioned among the states where you can call directly from the room.
How could it happen that in 2016 in Berlin, the capital of the new Germany, Israel is excluded and eradicated?
.
In return, the Bristol Bristol provides an opportunity to dial Israel through its own telephone service center.
In search of an explanation, the director raised this issue at the hotel reception.
The response he got there, according to Lanzmann, "shocked him."
The clerk of the hotel said the measure was "a deliberate decision by the management of the hotel chain Carrefour."
The reason behind this move was the director's even greater anger.
"Most of our guests are Arabs, and they demanded that the code of Israel be removed," according to Lanzman, an employee of the hotel.
Israel's ambassador to Germany, Yakov Hadas-Handelman, called the case "a terrible shame," the newspaper Afdeutsche Zeitung reported.
We were shocked and shocked by the incident.
It is, in fact, a terrible shame.
That this happened in Germany and in this hotel network is even more of a shame.
Explanations are not needed here.
We expect the hotel to draw the right conclusions, "the official said.
The case caused a minor stir on the internet; people called it a scandal.
Some argued that the hotel was simply "went on about" the alleged demands of Arab clients.
"It would be shameful," said another post, where it was pointed out that the hotel, located on the famous Kurfüstendamm street, is located next to the synagogue.
The hotel was quick to point out any charges, calling the incident "a misunderstanding" and "apologizing" to Lanzman, the newspaper Der Spiegel reported.
"There was no direct order not to include Israel in the list of the fast recruitment," the statement from the hotel's representative quoted the newspaper as saying.
She adds that the code has now added.
Police use tear gas and rubber bullets against protesters of Brazilian students
Students clashed with police in the Brazilian city of Sao Paulo on Thursday when gathered to protest against government reforms of the public education system.
Police used tear gas and rubber bullets against protesters.
The unrest began when police officers attempted to rob students, bringing the police used rubber bullets and tear gas.
Several hundred students took part in the demonstration to express their concern about the plans.
According to the proposals of the governor of the state of Sao Paulo, Geraldo Alckmin, nearly 100 public secondary schools will be closed and 300,000 students will be redistributed to save money.
Some participants of the protest could be seen for writing on the walls of graffiti directed against interim acting President Michael Temer.
This latest protest came just days after protesters took to the streets to support ousted President Dilma Rousseff, when the country's senate voted for its impeachment.
Trade between Russia and Iran rose 71% - RT Business
With the abolition of sanctions, trade between Moscow and Tehran increased by 70.9 percent compared to the previous year, according to Russia's ambassador to Iran, Levan Jagaryan.
As international sanctions against Iran have been lifted, there has been an increase in interest from Russian firms to conduct business in the country, the ambassador said.
Russian companies are renewing ties with Iran, and new firms are poised to gain access to the market.
Of course, further expansion of trade is one of the main priorities of bilateral cooperation with Iran, "said Jagaryan.
He noted that in the first five months of 2016, trade between Russia and Iran increased by 70.9 percent compared to the same period in 2015 and amounted to 856 million dollars.
In particular, Russian exports to Iran rose 91.5 percent and amounted to 697 million dollars.
Russian imports from Iran increased by 16 percent, to 158 million dollars.
The increase in trade was achieved through the supply of machinery, ground vehicles and weapons, "the ambassador said.
Jagaryan also predicts that Russia will visit a record number of Iranian tourists this year.
Last year, Russia's diplomatic representation in Iran issued about 35,000 visas, mostly tourist, to Iranian citizens of Iran.
In addition, for the first time Iran has entered the top 20 countries on the number of tourists visiting Russia.
One can say with certainty that last year's record for the number of Iranian tourists visiting Russia will be beat up, "he said.
At the same time, relatively few Russians visit Iran, which the ambassador hopes will change.
"I personally recommend to visit the cities of Isfahan, Shiraz and Ye, where monuments of ancient Persian civilization are preserved in good condition," he said.
The state continues to twist the screws in the industrial complex.
The reason for the dismissal was the "systematic failure" of the general director of the Concern - Antey, "" omissions in work "and" loss of confidence. "
The head of the NGO for the next three years appointed Gennady Bendersky.
Information about the dismissal of Neskorov appeared only on Thursday evening and did not cause widespread resonance in the media.
What explains this silence in the face of massive rearmament of the army?
Most likely, the Russian leadership does not wish to spread any rumors or negative assumptions in the public environment.
This once again confirms that the defense industry has a lot of problems and the state does not want to attract increased attention from the society.
The removal of Nessebar is undoubtedly an important event in terms of putting order in the industry.
"Almaz" is the head enterprise of the Concern, which specializes in the production of anti-missile complexes (ZRC) of sea and ground base missile complexes (ZRC) of sea.
The on creation of the "Polyment-River" and "Morse" systems, which are planned to be installed on new courts, frigates, destroyers and cruisers.
The founder of the portal E.ON Russia Dmitry Kornev believes that the dismissal of Neskorov is caused by the breakdown of the terms of the projects.
This version is the most logical.
For example, the development of Mortar began as early as 2007, and the commissioning was anticipated in 2013.
"Polyment-River" should become the main air defense system on the newest Navy ships.
According to the information I receive, no truly successful test for several years of testing.
However, as far as I can judge, there is no unambiguous fault of "Rubin," Corneev said.
The expert fears that the delay in commissioning may also occur from the C-500. "
The design work on the project has not yet been completed, but in 2016 the first.
The Ministry of Defense assures that "the work is planned and everything will be completed in time," although in 2014 the Office acknowledged the problems with the development of the S-500.
It is extremely difficult to assess the professional qualities of Neskorov who led the "diamond" since 2011.
Kornev stated that the breakdown of deadlines on projects could be both an occasion and a cause for dismissal.
In his opinion, in recent years it has become extremely difficult to extract information on internal processes in the PIC and plans of the management.
The industry has received long-term orders for tens of billions of rubles, and big money is known to love silence.
As a rule, the directors of defense companies leave positions at their own request, under the agreement of the parties or transfer to another work.
In this case, the removal took place publicly, although it did not receive resonance.
This suggests that the head of "Toulouse" was perhaps a figure of rigor and resisted the descent from the top. "
Apparently, the state is no longer committed to this behavior.
By the hands of shareholders, it will remove those who prefer to argue with the installations of the Defense Ministry and do not fulfill the.
At the same time, the management of the Russian Federation seeks to punish the responsible managers (the machinations on the Zvezda Sufidence).
The President also pays special attention to the problems of the sector.
Vladimir Putin heads the Military Industrial Commission and periodically conducts meetings devoted to rearmament.
The Kremlin protects the ranks of, seeking to have a loyal board of directors who will execute the orders received from the top.
This is a far-right policy, but on the background of corruption and lack of normal competition in the OPC of other instruments, the state does not.
The current situation in the defense is certainly not catastrophic, but the current geopolitical situation stimulates the Kremlin as soon as possible to bring in order the Armed Forces.
In parallel with the "cleansing" of managers in OPC, the leadership of the Russian Federation takes quite successful steps to improve the professionalism of Russian troops.
The personnel of the army acquired a new quality with the arrival of Defense Minister Sergei Shoigu.
The President took the famous saying "The world is preparing for war."
During the Cold War, the military power of the USSR and achieved in the 1970s led to the conclusion of the Helsinki Pact, which secured Moscow's sphere of influence on the continent.
With all the shortcomings of the bipolar system, it worked well.
Proof of this was the absence of wars on the European continent and the relatively stable situation in the Middle East.
The triumph of "winners" in the cold war resulted in the strengthening of international terrorism.
After a series of terrorist attacks in Europe and the US in the "civilized world," there is perhaps no quiet corner.
Despite the common poor, the West refuses to talk to Russia at the level of an equal partner.
In such conditions, the only allies of our country remain the navy and the army.
Strengthening military power will allow Moscow to better defend national interests and reach out to new world politics.
Scotsman Callum Skinner marries at the finish line, as a result of which the British capture cycling gold
Scotsman Callum Skinner mocked to the triumph in the men's team sprint at the velodrome in Rio last night, bringing Britain's team trio to defend their title from London 2012.
The 23-year-old Glasgow native was in the role of the strongest, which his fellow Scots Sir Chris Hoy had done his own, and the youngster proudly entered the story, knocking on the finish straight to pull out a win at the favorite team from New Zealand.
Britain claimed the right to a surprise victory four years ago, winning when Hoy claimed the right to fifth of his six Olympic gold medals.
And they repeated the trick after they finished modestly sixth at the March World Track and Field Championships in London, despite the fact that Hoy had finished his career.
The issue between Beijing and London was the replacement of specialist by Jamie Steff.
They have done so at the time when there appeared.
Hoya's departure also created a void that Kian Emadi and Matt Crampton attempted to fill.
Skinner was the man who adhered to the British coaches, seeing the potential in the Scots, which has now been implemented.
Hindes, Kenny - champions with Hay four years ago - and Skinner set the Olympic record in qualifying, but the norm was surpassed by New Zealand in the first round.
And the British trio won the duel for gold.
Hindes was exactly behind after his lap, but Kenny pushed the team forward, and Skinner supported.
The change of strategy was a big part of the transformation, where Feddes went on a bigger transfer to slow down and let Kenny and, in particular, Skinner keep pace.
Hoy watched from his place as an invited BBC expert and caught sight of Skinner, Kenny and Thanasi Kokkinakis as they entered the pedestal.
The 23-year-old Skinner from Glasgow said: "it's a flattering comparison."
I'm here to do my best and make a name for myself.
We set the Olympic record in the final and won the champions of the world.
It was unbelievable.
There is no better way to win.
After the triumph in London in 2012, along with Kenny and Hoy, Hindes admitted deliberately falling on the track after a failed start.
He later renounced the comment, and there was no way to file an appeal by the UK's rivals.
There was no such question at this time in the greatest victory.
Hindi said: "I felt like in London, with all those flags of Britain on the podium."
We all like the team met in the last three months.
We played on so many races with a world name that winning the Olympics was just amazing.
This is one event, one gold medal for the country, which has won seven of 10 titles of races both in Beijing and London.
If this is the barometer of progress in the past five months, then Wellrum is waiting for another five successful days.
With the form demonstrated by Kenny, it is not beyond the realm of possibility to imagine how he repeats Howe's feat Hoya, winning three Olympic gold medals in some Games.
This would make it possible to see how Kenny - who is exactly 12 years younger than Hoya, who also was born on March 23 (this seems to be a sacred date in British sport, which is also the birthday of Steve Redgrave, Mo Farah and Roger Bannister) - brings up to six gold medals and one silver.
It would also be like Hoya.
The next time Kenny is competing in the sprint, which starts today and is played over three days.
The 28-year-old from Bolton said: "I'm just enjoying it now.
Team competitions are always the best.
You come to win with your mates.
A little lonely win one, if honestly.
Higgins said: "if he wins two more gold medals, he must get the hooliganism."
It was the only day the draw of medals, but there were subsequent good news for Britain.
Sir Bradley Wiggins, Ed Phipps, Stephen Burke and Owen Doll qualified the fastest four-mile pursuit of four.
They finished behind 3: 51.943.
The world record set at winning gold in London 2012 is 3: 51.659.
The first round and final (10: 42 pm) will take place today, the second day of the event, where Wiggins will definitely be in the spotlight.
He had a discussion with the commissioners yesterday, on the eve of the qualifying check-in when officials demanded from him to measure his weight.
In the corresponding women's event, which resumes and ends tomorrow, Laura Trott, Johanna Rosell Shaw, Elinor Barker and Katie Archibald of Milngawi improved the world record, showing time of 4: 13.260.
Team Britain has come to what is relying on a mighty team of cyclists to take ownership of the average period of the Olympics and earn a bunch of medals.
After really exceptional demonstrations of full superiority in Beijing and London, expectations have weakened in the gradual preparation for Rio.
There were drama on the second, not the last - withdrawal from the post of technical director Shane Sutton in April due to accusations of sexism and harassment, and the departure of major figures such as Hoy and Victoria Pendleton.
However, on the basis of the race of the first evening on the velodrome, it seems that the legendary now glory of nibbling in reaching the top at the right time may be repeated again.
The future of the Portland Steel Works is under threat due to the termination of the electricity contract
The future of the Portland aluminium plant in Victoria - as well as the jobs of hundreds of workers - is at risk because of the electric power company that supplies the plant, according to one of the factory owners, is going to terminate the supply contract: it is planned that all supply contracts will be terminated.
The move is a consequence of a decision taken earlier this year by the Victorian government not to extend the subsidies granted to support the operation of the plant.
The fixed subsidy for 20 years expires in November.
Up to 2,000 jobs could be at risk at the Alcoa plant in Portland.
As many as 2,000 jobs - directly and indirectly - may be at risk as a result of any closure.
There may also be additional indirect effects, as the metallurgical plant consumes about 10 percent of all electricity produced in Victoria.
In 2014, Caterpillar closed the steelworks in Pinta Henry, which led to the closure of the power plant in Engels last year.
The Portland Metallurgical Plant Alcoa is losing money and is at risk of closure.
These actions became a result of reflection on the future of the plant, which has been ongoing for several years, initially due to the strong positions of the Australian dollar and later due to the price of the plant's products.
AGL, which supplies a large aluminum plant with electricity from its Loy Yang A power plant in Latob Valley, said it expects the other three owners will also take steps to terminate the contracts.
The plant's controlling share is owned by the joint venture company E.ON and Fiorina, and the Chinese company CITIC and the Japanese company Marubeni Corp owns smaller shares.
"AGL expects the Portland facility to continue to operate, meaning that the physical demand for electricity from the steel plant will not be stopped," she said.
According to the company AGL, the mentioned contracts are so-called 'computerized contracts' that were to go into effect in November 2016.
Contracts have a 12-month termination period, so in fact they will end in 2017.
"Accordingly, AGL still expects these contracts to bring their share of revenue in the 2017 financial year," the electric power company said.
Whatever the potential impact on AGL's profits from the 2018 financial year is limited by forecasts for a strong futures market for wholesale electricity prices.
AGL said it had already reduced the amount of the contracts in its reporting by hundreds of millions of dollars in view of "the impending termination."
According to Alcoa, the decision to terminate the contracts "does not affect the ability to operate the metallurgical plant or provide electricity to the metallurgical plant."
The American company said that in 2010, Loy Yang twenty-year contract with Loy, which was to come into force in November, but she has yet to explain why it has terminated the contract.
Analysts feared the possible closure of both the Portland Steel Works in Victoria and the Tomago plant near Newcastle due to an adverse economic situation in the industry.
Addressing analysts earlier this week, the company's chief operating officer, Steven Mickelsen, said Portland annually uses around 600 megawatts of energy, and the quiet is about 900 megawatts.
If both of these plants leave the market, there will be a significant reduction in demand in the [electricity] market.
For us as for the manufacturer, it's going to be bad, "he said.
Not only the star of the reality show Kardashian, Kendall on the cover of the September issue of Vogue
Kendall Jenner, 20, a model and fourth daughter of Kardashian-Jenner's mother-manager Chris, appeared on the featured Hollywood cover of American Vogue magazine.
Kendall, who is the face of the brand Estee Lauder and in Milan, Paris and New York, reported this news in her Instagram account on Thursday.
"Being in the room with my loved ones, I looked at this cover and cried," Kendall wrote.
The news about the cover was accompanied by a strange (or simply in the spirit of "Seemesh Kardashian"), a reality-video, in which the Kardashian-Jenner family (debarrows Rob and Kane, also joined them all-time favorite uncle of show business, Ryan Sioux, forgot about the appearance on the cover, and in the end a surprise party.
This is a cartoon rabbit from the program at 8 a.m.), but Chris standard storyline of almost all episodes of children's TV shows, but Chris was dedicated to the birthday (Sicross uttered the phrase: "you thought we forgot about you?" with the sincerity of the cartoon rabbit from the program at 8)
Because with this episode, dedicated to the September issue of Vogue, we certainly entered a new era of Kardashian's show.
Let older sister Kendall Kim and got on the cover of Vogue before (she appeared on it with her husband Kanye West in April 2014), but the September cover of the magazine is an achievement in itself.
The September issue is the best-selling edition of Vogue for a year.
The thickness similar to a gift edition rather than a fashion magazine, the issue attracts a huge number of advertisers (according to the calculations of the Euromonitor portal, 615 pages from last year's 832-page release contained advertising).
The news about who is going to get on his cover is expected with so much impatience that in the last two years the magazine's photos have merged to an official announcement.
The number of previous women on the cover includes Naomi Campbell, Linda quest, and Kate Moss.
In recent years, the cover has certainly featured more "celebrities who work models" than "models that are celebrities."
Oscar winner and the face of brand Dior Jennifer Lawrence was featured on the cover in 2013, a year after this honor dropped Lady Gaga.
But even in the unlikely event that Jenner, which the magazine described as "an outstanding model" of its generation, falls into the first category, she is in a good company.
These celebrities are not relatives of famous people, stars of reality shows or modern children who know how to make a good video Snapchat (though Jenner gets into all these categories).
It's really talented women who are successful in the entertainment industry.
For Beyoncé, appearing on last year's cover, this year has been one of the most successful in the career in connection with the release of the Lemonade album.
Of course, not everyone is happy with Jenner's success.
Jenner's position in the world of fashion, due to her past star of the TV reality show, has always had to remain shaky.
In June, one of Victoria's Secret Stephanie Seymour criticized Jenner and her colleague, Jaji Hadid, calling them "the moments of the moment."
That sentiment is once again raging after news of Jenner's appearance on the cover of Vogue.
But there is no sense of.
Kendall Jenner on the cover of the September issue of Vogue.
She is a supermodel in all senses of the word.
It departs for Marc Jacobs.
It will sell you a tonic from Estee Lauder.
She, and all her sisters, sell you their photos in the same apps available on a paid subscription.
She sells proprietary photos of daughter Cindy Crawford magazine LOVE.
And in his spare time, perhaps, to still meet his sister Cortes and her children, she is involved in a reality show on television.
Public law centres refuse to serve 160 000 people a year
Every year more than 160 000 least protected members of the population are denied service in public legal centres, as this sector is preparing for an effect that will further cut funding to and so already on the limit.
In Queensland, three out of five people - mostly elderly, immigrants, unprotected workers, victims of violence, people who are unable to fight unfair deprivation of property and so on - have already received a waiver while trying to get free legal assistance and representation.
Public legal services, already working beyond opportunities, are preparing for further cuts.
From June next year, these legal centers will have to lose another 30 percent of federal funding.
The director of the Queensland Public Legal Centres, James Farrell, said that according to a report of the latest census by the National Association of Public Legal Centres, already thousands of people a year are receiving a waiver.
Farrell said that if the federal government's decision is not revoked, the situation will only get worse.
"Queensland's public legal centres are constantly receiving unprecedented funding: it means thousands of people are being denied the necessary vital services," he said.
People fleeing violent relationships, people with uncontrollable and torn debts, families going through divorce unjustly dismissed workers - all of these people have problems of legal nature, and this report shows that they can't get the help they need.
The federal government will cut funding by 30 percent from June 2017, meaning thousands of less protected Queensland residents will be forced to tackle complex legal issues without help.
We call on the Minister of Justice and Senator Queensland George Brandisa to immediately cancel these funding cuts so that people can get the necessary assistance when they face legal challenges.
Last year, the state government fulfilled its commitment to raise funding for free legal aid to the national average.
Now it is time to pay attention to the needs of the public law centres and communities, their clients, and the Palaszczuk Government is time to invest in this important work.
Donald Trump's campaign headquarters sued after an employee allegedly threatened a pistol
According to reports from New York, Donald Trump's campaign headquarters sued: allegedly, the headquarters did nothing after reports that his operating director in North Carolina threatened a gun when they drove in a jeep in February.
The incident was described in a lawsuit filed Wednesday in the state court in Charlotte Vincent Bordini, a former software instructor at the state's campaign headquarters.
Bordini said he waited several months for the problem to be allowed in the internal order, but realized that "it wasn't going to happen."
Director Earl Phillip "extracted the pistol, put his right index finger on the jacket and sent it to his knee," Bordini says in the complaint.
According to the local and regional administration of the campaign headquarters, Bordini realized that at least four other people had been involved in similar incidents with Phillips.
"The Pistons don't necessarily shoot to inflict damage," Bordini said in the complaint.
The suit took place just two days after the Republican presidential candidate uttered a furor, telling listeners in North Carolina that "the people of the Second Amendment" - understood as gun owners and its amateurs - can begin to act if his rival Hillary Clinton was elected and will be able to choose judges.
Trump's campaign headquarters said that the media had dragged his words out of context and that he had not spoken out in support of the violence.
In his complaint, Bordini demands compensation from the campaign staff for negligent control, and from Phillips - for the threat of physical violence, abuse of action and causing moral harm.
Trump's spokesman Heep Hicks meditates with the response to a request to comment.
Trying to talk to Phillips were unsuccessful.
WCCB, a local news partner in Charlotte, reported that Phillips recently retired from the campaign headquarters.
In response to a call to his consulting firm, Innovative Consulting Services, no one was quick to call.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has held a controversial campaign.
Case: Bordini v. Wade J. Browne For President Inc., 16-CS-14300, General Court, Division of the Superior Court for the District of Mecklenburg (Charlotte).
Britain must guide the Olympic spirit and expand Heathrow
Heathrow will also bring revival and prosperity not only in our local communities and to London, but across the country.
Like me, it was exactly the huge advantage of Heathrow, just as it was with London 2012, where we made every effort to get our nationalities and regions benefit from the Games.
The Olympics have benefited Stratford and East End.
And we will do so again, creating opportunities for local residents and firms near Heathrow.
We will create 10,000 new apprenticeships, 40,000 new jobs and put an end to youth unemployment around the airport.
Just as it was before London 2012, there will be those who think the task of expanding Heathrow is too large.
I was told that Britain would never be ready for the Olympic Games and that we would find ourselves in a difficult position on the world stage.
Skeptics settled in 2012, and they will prove wrong about Heathrow.
There are always obstacles to overcome, but Heathrow responds to any question asked about it.
Like the Olympic Games, Heathrow is an infrastructure project for the majority, not just a narrow circle.
The expansion is an opportunity to create up to 180,000 new jobs, 211 billion pounds of economic growth, leaving a legacy of skills and employment both around the airport and across the United Kingdom.
We have a great team at Heathrow, which has implemented of 11 billion pounds of infrastructure investment in a timely and within budget, from T5 - the best airport terminal five years in a row, to T2, built in the middle of the world's two most busy runways.
Now they are ready to provide a third runway, confirmed by 16 billion pounds of private investment.
The London 2012 Olympics were a huge success for Britain, and I am confident that the expansion of Heathrow too will be.
It is time for us to move the Olympic spirit to the right place and expand Heathrow, ensuring our trade future and creating a legacy of skills and employment that Britain can be proud of.
Lord Paul Dayton - Chairman of the Board of Heathrow Council and former Trade Attaché Treasurer
Adblock Plus, Facebook is playing a "cat-mouse" on the issue of blocking advertising
For companies that earn money on Internet advertising, attempts to circumvent software to block advertising represent a game in "cat-mouse," according to one of the companies that creates such software.
On Thursday, literally a couple of days after Facebook announced that it was going to block advertising blockers on its desktop version of the site, Adopt Plus published a blog entry stating that users can update their filters in the program to block advertising on the social network again.
On Tuesday, Facebook announced that the desktop version of the site will change the hardline around its advertising so that became harder to recognize which parts of the page are advertising.
But Adblock now claims to be able to bypass the new code.
In his blog post, Adverse spokesman Ben Williams wrote that "this kind of mutual fight between a community of open source advertising blockers and those who are trying to get around it has been going on since the invention of the ad blocking," and it is possible that Facebook will present its own decision soon.
The fact that the world's largest social network has entered the fray is a clear sign of how big the problem has become the blocking of advertising for the industry.
Worldwide, around 200 million people use advertising blockers, according to last year's survey by Schaefair and Adobe survey; almost four times the number of people who used such software in 2013.
Given the 1.3 billion daily active users who visit Facebook via mobile devices, mobile advertising now accounts for 84 percent of Facebook's revenue from advertising.
However, the company is hunting for blockers on the desktop version, as mobile advertising blockers are ineffectual in Facebook's mobile apps for the social network and Instagram, according to a spokesman.
But still advertising in the desktop version is a fairly profitable article to make Facebook consider such a step as a profitable investment.
Also on Thursday, Facebook announced that it was going to upgrade its "advertising preferences" to give people more control over how advertising is being targeted.
On Thursday, Facebook stated that the new Adsense filters are causing concern, as they will also block some non-advertising content on the site.
"This will not be a positive experience for people and we plan to solve this problem," a Facebook spokesman said in an official email.
Block advertising is a rough tool, so we have instead focused on creating tools like Advertising preferences to convey management into people's hands.
The woman moved on to the south of the motorway in an episode of apparent suicide
The victim was lying on the motorway in the middle of the night.
Police are urging witnesses after a woman moved several vehicles on the motorway early on Thursday in an apparent suicide attempt.
The incident took place on the A1 near Morge in the canton of Vaud just after midnight on Thursday.
The woman was on the road in the dark "in a gesture of despair" and hit several vehicles, the police said in a statement.
Apparently trying to kill himself, the victim, a Swiss woman at the age of 49, hit several vehicles, including a truck.
She died on the spot.
Several involved drivers have already been interviewed, but the identity of some has still not been established, the police said, which calls for them and anyone else who witnessed the accident, responded.
A criminal case was initiated, a "logical" step in such a situation, said the lawyer of the residential Hofstetter Le Tribune de Geneve.
However, it remains to be seen whether any of the involved drivers will be charged.
Was it possible to avoid a hit?
That's what the prosecutor should define, "Hofstetter said.
Two other similar cases in the past five years suggest that drivers will not be recognized as responsible.
In each case - both of which involve a man walking in the dark on the motorway - there was a verdict that motorists could not expect a random encounter with a pedestrian on the motorway in the middle of the night, the newspaper reported.
Last year, an officer was acquitted of causing death by negligence after she hit and killed a man lying on the A1 near Paierne at night in August 2014.
The 22-year-old victim drank and lost consciousness on the road, hearing the court.
The court found that a female policeman - who responded to the emergency call - ruled a vehicle in a way that was grounded and that the presence of the man on the road was "an absolutely exceptional and unpredictable situation," the judge said.
Anyone who is aware of the incident on Thursday near Morge should call police on 021 644 83 46 or 021 644 44 44.
NASA's climate model: Venus was once inhabited
Venus may once have been habitable, according to estimates by NASA's new climate model.
Scientists from the Goddard Space Research Institute have developed a model to study the past Venus, using tools and algorithms similar to those used by climate scientists.
The model was designed to determine whether on Venus, with its hot water surface and an atmosphere saturated with carbon dioxide, there would ever be conditions like Earth.
Scientists had previously assumed that the small speed of rotation is explained by its dense atmosphere.
But the latest modelling suggests that Venus probably could have a harsh atmosphere like Earth, and still rotate slowly.
The model also describes the architectural topography of early Venus.
On the planet, there were probably more arid regions than on Earth, but once there was enough water and enough geographic variability to create the conditions for life and prevent rapid evaporation.
Early Venus also took advantage of the sun, which was 30 percent dim.
"According to the GAO model, the slow rotation of Venus sets its daytime side to the sun for almost two months at a time," explained in a press release from G4S Anthony Del Henio.
This warms the surface of the planet and produces rain, which creates a thick layer of clouds, acting as an umbrella that protects the planet's surface from a substantial portion of the solar heat.
The result is average climatic temperatures, which are, surprisingly, a few degrees colder than these days on Earth.
The model shows the history of Venus, similar to the development that experts have previously suggested.
Although once Venus may have been habitable, it has been exposed to too much heat and ultraviolet radiation for several billion years.
Its oceans evaporated and its water vapor was burned out by ultraviolet radiation.
When its hydrogen was flying, only a dense atmosphere of carbon dioxide with a lethal greenhouse effect - that is, Venus, as we know it today.
The researchers shared the results of their new climate model of Venus in the journal Geophysical Research Letters.
Patrick Roy leaves the post coach of the Avalanche team
Patrick Roy left the post of coach and vice president of hockey operations at Lakewood Speedway on Thursday, citing a lack of influence during the decision-making process on the team.
The executive vice president / chief operating officer, Joe Sakik, confirmed the news and said the club will start looking for a new coach immediately.
"Over the last three years, I have been acting my responsibilities as head coach and vice president of hockey operations of the Colorado Avalanche with energy, passion and determination," said the 50-year-old Roy in a statement.
During the summer, I had a long and hard time thinking about how I could improve this team to give it the required depth and raise it to a higher level.
In order to achieve this goal, the vision of the coach and vice president of hockey activities should ideally coincide with the vision of the organization.
He should also have the right to vote in decisions affecting the work of the team.
These conditions are not met at the moment.
Sakik, who hired Roy on May 23, 2013, thanked Roy for his contribution to the team.
"Patrick informed me of his decision today," Sakik said.
We appreciate everything he has done for our organization and wish him success in the future.
Roy became the winner of the Jack Adams Award as the best league coach during his first season with the Avalanche team in 2013-2014.
He led the club to 112 points and victory in the Central Division, but Colorado was defeated by Parramatta in the first round of the playoffs and losing the playoffs two last years.
The Avalanche team announced a score of 39-39-4 in the 2015-2016 season and five points away from the Wild team in the fight for a second qualifying trip to the Western Conference.
The goalkeeper from the Hall of Fame, Roy won four Stanley Cup games - two with Montreal canadiens and with the Avalanche.
North Sea oil workers resume talks and suspend strike
Labor strikes on the salaries of oil workers in the North Sea are suspended, and all sides of the debate are embarking on a new round of negotiations, reported leading representatives of the parties.
The strikes against the oil-based company Wood Group sporadically organized on platforms in the North Sea run by Royal Dutch Shell.
"Wood Group and unions Unite and RMT can confirm that we have agreed to resume the negotiation process to resolve ongoing disputes," the joint statement said.
We will hold several meetings for a full day over the course of the next few weeks, starting early next week to look at the problems of fresh look.
The unions reported that their recent action, which they said was the first in more than 25 years, was directed against potential salary cuts up to 30 percent.
The Wood Group this year cut the rates paid to contract employees working in the North Sea by about 9 percent due to negative market tension.
The rate cut by the company came after a 10-percent reduction in rates for contract employees working on the bank in 2014.
According to the company, the additional cuts will give it the space needed to overcome the downturn in the market.
Shell, for its part, has cut thousands of people and announced plans to stop oil and gas activities in countries by up to 10 as it rationalizes its operations due to its mega-merger with the British energy company BG Group.
Energy companies are under pressure due to reduced prices for unrefined oil: the economic situation has worsened due to a decision to withdraw from the European Union adopted in June by the UK.
Scottish Member of Parliament Dale Anderson met with union leaders earlier this week to discuss one of the largest labour conflicts emerging in the North Sea in our era.
The North Sea, he said, is vital to the regional economy.
"In the North Sea, and across the country, we need an economy that would work for the majority, not just for some," he said in a statement.
Less than $1.4 billion of costs for new projects in the North Sea are expected in 2016, by contrast with an average value of about $7 billion over the past five years.
Kepler measures the speed of the rotation of the stars in the Pleiades cluster
The latest mission of Kepler space telescope has helped astronomers to collect the most complete catalogue of the speed of rotation of stars in the Pleiades.
The new data help astronomers understand why stars in clusters rotate with different speeds, as well as rotation periods relate to the formation of planets.
"We hope that by mapping our results with other stellar clusters, we will learn more about the relationship between the mass of the star, its age and even the history of its solar system," said Louise Riscore, a researcher at the Center for Infrared Treatment and Analysis at the California Institute of Technology.
The accumulation of Pleiad is 445 light years away from Earth.
Many stars in clusters now only reach maturity; they were born about 125 million years ago.
They rotate as quickly as ever.
At their peak speeds, these mature stars emit large amounts of star wind.
By traveling through the magnetic fields of the stars, these winds have a brake effect on the stars.
As the star grows, its rotation speed starts to slow down.
Kepler measures the speed of each star's rotation, tracking the time between the emergence of recognisable star spots - such as sunspots.
The newest catalogue of rotation speeds suggests that more massive stars rotate slower than the less massive stars.
It compares the stars with the dancers: the larger ones make the piers slower than the smaller ones.
"In the" ballet "of the Pleiades, we observe that those that rotate slowly, usually more massive, while those that rotate faster usually refer to very light stars," said.
Since the accumulation of Pleiad is so close, it serves as an ideal space laboratory to compare the properties of the stars with rotation speeds.
"The long-term accumulation of Pleiades provides a starting point for the theoretical models of stars rotation, both junior and senior," said.
We still want to know much about how, where and why stars slow down their rotation speed and hang on to nail their "dance shoes," figuratively speaking.
Ribot and her colleagues detailed their latest analysis of the speed of rotation speeds in three new articles, which will soon be published in the Astronomical Journal.
The investigation, connected with the activities of the group of detainees in Crimea of Ukrainian divestants leads two departments, writes "Kommersant."
The FSB collects evidence of the involvement of detainees in the preparation of sabotage in Crimea.
As previously reported, the acknowledged testimony was given by the resident of the Ukrainian city of Energodar Evgeny Panov, who agreed to cooperate with the investigation.
According to him, as objects for diversions he considered the chemical plant "Titan" in Armenian, Neftebase in Feodosia, Kerch ferry crossing, gas pipeline, and also one of military airfields.
Enforcers believe that not all of the.
This, in particular, was the basis for the arrest of suspects in the Kiev district court of Simferopol, the publication notes.
The head coach of the Russian national football team was Stanislav Chercherov
At the meeting of the executive committee of the Russian Football Union, the decision was made to appoint the head coach of the Russian national football team of Stanislav Cheresov.
The contract with him will be for two years - until the completion of the M-2018.
On August 11, the RFU appointed to the post of head coach of the Russian national football team of Stanislav Cheresov.
This is a famous football player, "" Terek, "" Amkar, "" Dynamo, who previously played in Moscow "Spartak" on the goalkeeper position, as well as a coach with a solid experience, who was the mentor of such Russian teams as the same "Spartak," "Dynamo," which became the winner of the national championship and the country's Cup.
It is reported that the contract with Cherchovs will be signed in the near future and is designed for two years.
Thus, it is his duty to prepare the team for the 2018 World Championships.
It is known that in his coaching staff, Miroslav Romanov, Ginatas Staché, Vladimir Patnikov will enter his coaching staff.
There is information according to which the salary of the entire coaching staff will be 2.6 billion euros per year.
According to the media, the management of the RFF has set a goal to bring Russia to the semi-finals and win medals.
As the coach himself stated, as a priority task he considers creating a competitive environment in the team and is going to give players the opportunity to prove themselves.
Also, according to Chernyov, he is glad that the choice fell on him.
The first match under the leadership of Cheresov will be held on August 31 in Antalya - it will be a friendly meeting with the Turkish team.
The of head coach of the Russian national football team held Leonid Slutsky, who combined him with the coaching at the club CSKA.
He announced his departure from the post after a farewell speech by Russia's national team at Euro 2016 in France.
At the same time, he took responsibility for the team's poor performance.
Caught between Angola and South Africa, Namibia suffered greatly during the long struggle against apartheid.
However, after independence from South Africa in 1990, this country with a population of 2.4 million people has achieved tremendous success, especially in the last few years.
The main reason for Namibia's success is that the government pays a lot of attention to education.
While people in the developed world take for granted free primary and secondary education, in many poor countries in secondary and even primary schools require tuition fees.
Moreover, governments are often advised to impose tuition fees for "cost recovery."
However, in Namibia, training in primary schools is free of charge.
Moreover, secondary education is free from 2015.
The authorities of the country are also active in other important areas.
Malaria eradication efforts have reduced the number of annual cases by 97% over the past decade.
Contrary to the international trend of rising inequality, it is declining in Namibia.
Compared to the 1993 rate, the Gini coefficient, a standard indicator of income inequality, fell by 15 points.
Then, 23 years ago, this indicator was among the highest in the world.
And the poverty rate fell from 69% in 1993 to less than 30 per cent.
The number of people living in extreme poverty (less than $1.90 a day) has also fallen, from almost 53 per cent to less than 23 per cent.
Namibia also has the highest free speech rating in Africa, according to "Reporters Without Borders."
The country was significantly ahead of the United States and other rich nations.
In addition, the country has a favorable rating - one of the highest in Africa - in the "Corruption Perceptions Index," which is made up of human rights activists from Transparency International.
Even now, when commodity prices fall, Namibia is able to maintain high growth rates.
At the same time, the debt-to-GDP ratio is around 25%, which is less than 1 / 3 of the debt level in the US and most European countries.
Of course, there is Namibia and some problems.
The unemployment rate, at least according to traditional estimates, remains high - almost 28%.
And, like other countries in the region, Namibia has a high incidence of HIV / AIDS - almost 17% of the population are infected.
The World Bank estimates that Namibia refers to the number of countries with income above average, but the authorities insist that their state is actually a developing country.
Namibia is certainly facing some difficulties that are inherent in poorly developed economies.
The state has to develop a very large and arid country with a small population.
In the territory of the country there are isolated nomadic tribes of hunter-gatherers who in one way or another must be integrated into modern society without losing their identity.
Integrating people who a quarter of a century ago were on the periphery of the world economy, an easy task for any country.
For Namibia, it is even more difficult: just like any other country in the world, it faces the consequences of climate change.
But Namibia has not thought to lower its hands, the country solves its problems.
Almost immediately after independence, the authorities engaged in the creation of a diversified economy and a cohesive society.
It is notable that the competing political factions gathered together to work for the common good.
Indeed, Namibia provides cheap medical care not only to its own citizens, but also its neighbours.
About 15-20% of visitors to health facilities in the northern regions of Namibia are Angolan citizens.
No one in Namibia talks about building a wall that would separate the country from poor and corrupt neighbours.
The Bolivians understood that neighbors did not choose but decided not to conflict with them, but to cooperate - share scarce water resources, participate in regional medical projects, encourage investment and exchange students.
In addition, Namibia's government rightly warned that rich natural resources could easily become a curse, contributing to the enrichment of the few at the expense of many.
The authorities understand that Namibia's natural wealth needs to be invested in infrastructure and production facilities.
They also realize that it would be irresponsible not to seek to gain the maximum profit from the sale of the country's resources, and review investment laws and mining contracts to ensure that this is the case.
Transparency is crucial to this process, so strong support for the government of freedom of speech is so important.
As the head of state, Hagge Heyngb noted, the media often say what he doesn't like.
But after the fight for freedom from apartheid in South Africa, Namibia must defend the obtained freedoms, says the president.
Not all of Namibia's key resources are exhausted.
Some - such as fisheries - are renewable, and the government is making every effort to preserve and strengthen them.
Every year, more than a million foreign tourists visit the country.
Namibia shows that even those countries that begin with serious deficiencies - racism, colonial rule, tolerance, and low levels of development - can get on the path to shared prosperity.
Its achievement deserves international recognition and role.
Many have heard about "gold Varna" - the oldest gold objects created by man (4600 - 4200 BC).
Perhaps it was the loudest archaeological sensation of the 1970s: in Bulgaria, during excavations of the Varnenskiy necropolis, a fantastic amount of gold artifacts was found - more than three thousand a total weight of 6 kg.
Only one burial site, known as "tomb <hash> 43," was retrieved 990 gold items totalling more than 1.5 kg.
However, the official status of the world's most ancient gold may soon move to the sight of a found by archaeologists in July of this year.
And again in Bulgaria - in the prehistoric settlement known as the Tle Yunatite.
In contrast to Varna, the port city, Telle Yunáte is located away from the sea, near the village of Yangtete Pazarjik district.
The bun is a gold stripe wrapped in a ring.
Yavor Bojajiyev, head of the battalion in Tle Yunatite, dated the discovery of 4600 BC and stated that she is older than the gold of Varna for at least 200 years.
The treasures of Varna, let us recall, are dated to approximately the same period, 4600 - 4200 BC.
Technologies that allow for perfect precision of dusting metal, currently does not exist.
Where is the confidence in which gold is more ancient?
Obviously, Professor Bojjieff knows more than he told the Reuters news agency: "I am absolutely sure that the gold of Junite is older than the gold of Varna."
This is an extraordinary finding: this is a tiny subject, but it is big enough to take the appropriate place in history.
In an interview with Reuters, Bojajev reported that in the near future scientists will analyze the composition of the metal, as well as again and more thoroughly study the archaeological reservoir where the gold artifact was found.
This will help to give the drill with maximum possible precision.
The spot also explains a lot.
It is famous even if you have never heard of it.
Now YntTel is considered the oldest "city" of Europe.
Tel was founded by the descendants of people who migrated to Europe from Anatolia (modern Turkey) in the 7th millennium BC.
During the following centuries, the processing of metals, from mastering the first metallurgical skills to the creation of a full-fledged industry.
In the Russian historiography for this archaeological community there is a special name: the Balkans-Carpathian metallurgical province.
In the 5th millennium BC settlements began to appear around the centers of metal processing.
Now they are called the oldest cities in Europe.
Of them, is perhaps the most ancient, since the artifacts of 4900 BC were found here.
I would call Tel Yuanthe prototype of the modern city, even though it is a very ancient settlement, even compared to Mesopotamia.
"This place is older than Schumer for a thousand years," says Bojjieff, referring to the conventional wisdom that urban culture originated in the south of Mesopotamia - modern Iraq.
There arose the first cities in the usual understanding of the word.
The excavations of Tula Yunatite have been underway since 1976.
During this time archaeologists have excavated almost 12 hectares, that is about a third of the estimated total area of the settlement.
Were found the remains of the fortress wall, which once reached three metres in height.
The houses and workshops have little to offer, but archaeologists clearly distinguish streets, public buildings, the city's dense building, the "business centre" and the residential outskirts.
Tle Yunatite is often referred to as the "Bird City": dozens of clay figures of birds were found here.
All the birds are in a state of rest, hence the assumption that they were not decorative objects, but the object of a local cult.
The "bird city" was destroyed around 4100 BC - perhaps Indo-European tribes coming from the northeast.
Nomads did not have cities, but there were horses and weapons.
The three-metre walls of the walls are not covered.
Archaeologists have discovered the obvious signs of a brutal slaughter: inside the houses were found the remains of graves, women and children with traces of wounds inflicted by combat axes.
New discoveries and new facts appear annually, changing the usual notions of the ancient history of mankind.
Bulgarian archaeologists increasingly speak not of individual cultures, but about the "lost" first civilization of Europe born in the Balkans.
A powerful incentive to search for this civilization was the "gold of Varna" found relatively recently, in 1972.
It is logical that the Golden luxury of Varna had to be something preceded by something - something like a tiny gold beads created in the Tale.
Porsche artificially formed 911 Targa model
It is officially announced that the preparation of the 911 Targa 4S Exclusive Design is done manually by specialists who work with serial machines.
The "retro-bow" is, for example, in the special color of the body Etna Blue, which was developed as early as 1960 for the Porsche 356B model - even the logo of the model is painted in this color.
In addition, the targa received a brand white graphic along the boards and special 20-inch wheels RS Spyder, as well as some details of the body design painted in the "white-gold metal."
The retro-style interior is noticeably smaller: it differs, in large part, the grey-blue range of design, new armchairs with extended pockets of electric adjustment and separated black anodized steel thresholds with the logo of the unit.
In addition, when buying a special version, each buyer will receive a gift for the car and a rich finished album with photographs of the production process.
The power installation of the Porsche Boxster specialists did not become: retro-targa by characteristics quite coincide with the serial.
It is equipped with a six-cylinder turbocharged volume of 3.0 litres, developing 420 hp and 500 Nm.
The most dynamic version of the 911 Targa 4S can accelerate to 100 km / h in 4 seconds.
Porsche 911 Targa 4S Exclusive Design will be released in limited edition, but neither its volume nor the cost of each particular sports car is reported.
Facebook and blocking advertising unleashed a "arms race"
The recent introduction of Facebook technology, which prevented advertising on the pages of the social network, has provoked decision-makers to block advertising for.
Adblock Plus released "antidote," but Facebook plans to soon make it useless.
So Adonis Plus has advertised its new technology, which is likely to remain an effective short
Representatives of the distributed network noted that, aiming to deceive the new technology of "unblocked" advertising, the decision from Adopt Plus together with commercial announcements blocks many common posts from friends or pages.
Facebook expressed its regret for the Adonis Plus policy and promised to solve the problem soon.
According to TechCrunch, a source of TechCrunch, the code that makes Adblock Plus useless on the desktop Facebook site will be ready for the next hours.
In this way, the network and the blockers unleashed a sort of "arms race," trying to beat each other, the affected party became users, who missed interesting records from friends or who had advertising where they were not accustomed to seeing it.
The ethical aspects of blocking advertising recently provoke heated debate.
In Murmansk the rapist will appear before the court · Evening Murmansk.
His case has already been completed in the Investigative Committee of the Russian Federation on the Murmansk region.
The of a 54-year-old man is very serious - committing violent acts of sexual violence.
The investigation found that at the end of November 2015, the accused in the district of Pavlov in Murmansk committed sexual acts with violence against the 20-year-old girls.
The sanction of this article provides for a maximum penalty of imprisonment of up to six years.
Dongfeng will bring to Russia cross-country Fengguang Khan and pickup Rich New - site behind the wheel of www.zr.ru
Dongfeng Fengguang 370 is a representative of the growing popularity in China, combining the virtues of the minivan and crossover.
Another notable Russian premiere is the pick-up Rich New.
Many Western firms of Moscow International Automobile Salon decided to ignore this year, so the emptiness of the exhibition halls "Crocus Expo" will fill Chinese firms.
In particular, Dongfeng Motor Corporation, which has great views of the Russian market and deliberate in the near future to offer our car lovers a number of interesting novelties.
One of them will be the Feng Feng Fengguang 370 crossroad, which was sold in China this spring at a price of 55 900 yuan (slightly less than 550,000 rubles at current exchange rate).
The Russians are hardly interested in such a price, and the issue of deliveries to our country is still under discussion.
In China, by the way, Fengguang 370 by the results of June sales managed to reach 11th place on the list of the most sold minivans, although due to a large road traffic (175 mm) and protective plastic weight on the lower perimeter of the body, it is possible to qualify for the crossover.
It is built on the front wheel platform of the junior model Fengguang 360, the same wheel base in 2725 mm, but the body is slightly longer (4565 mm versus 4510 mm), the design is solid, and the equipment is richer.
The salon is decorated with wooden planks, but a large vertical touch screen "like Tesla" on the central console was only in the early exhibition instances of, and the cars with "music" were sold.
Five of the seven seats are easily folded, forming a flat loading area of 1650 mm, the maximum volume of the trunk is 1500 l.
The engine for Fengguang 370 is only one - 1.5-liter petrol "atmospheric" with a capacity of 115 hp, connected with 5-speed manual gearbox.
On the dynamic qualities of the machine, the manufacturer is modestly silent, but promises the owner's budget of the appetite at 6.7 l / 100 km.
Pickup Rich New is a well-known Russian Nissan NP300 Navara generation, but with a slightly clouded Chinese design.
Despite the morally outdated design, this model still has a stable demand from the Chinese consumer as a reliable and unprofitable "working lawn."
At the same price, Rich New is certainly interested in Russians, because modern Japanese pawns have become prohibitively expensive.
Rich New is equipped with two engines to choose from: gasoline 2.4 litres (137 hp) or turbodiesel 2.5 litres (116 hp).
The gearbox is only the mechanics, the drive is on the rear wheels, but there are modifications and with a tightly connected "front."
Will be at the Dongfeng booth and the new flagship sedan A9, its Russian premiere representation of the Chinese firm announced as early as June.
The Ministry of Immigrant Absorption in the Chinese market is becoming more, some of the latest novelties - Cowin V3 and SWM X7.
Currently, the Russian line of Dongfeng consists of two models: sedans S30 and H30 Cross.
In the seven months of this year, the dealers of the Chinese firm have sold 696 machines in our country.
The notice on the transport tax will stop sending by mail - site For the wheel www.zr.ru
The Tax Inspectorate has changed the order of notification mailing property taxes.
All Russian car owners are accustomed to not changing the years of the scheme: in summer and autumn they receive by mail of a receipt for the transport tax for the previous year.
But this year, many of them will not wait.
The fact is that the tax inspection without unnecessary noise changed the order of citizens.
To those registered in the "Personal Area taxpayer" on the official website of the agency of nalog.ru, the notices will come electronically.
The inspection automatically found such Russians online users and removed them from the standard, "paper" distribution.
The innovation will touch all owners of vehicles and real estate.
All others will still receive the usual letters.
However, the possibility to return to the old scheme is also in the account holders on the site.
For that, they will have to visit the Revenue Service Department for August and write a statement.
On the one hand, the new order is more modern and more convenient.
The notice will appear in the "personal office" immediately after the writing, while the letter will go several days and may be lost altogether.
In addition, the number of users of the Internet service tax inspectorate exceeded 18 million people, which will allow the agency to seriously save on mailing.
On the other hand, the modest news on the inspection site is clearly not enough to inform citizens of the changed order.
Some have been able to register in a "personal office" for a single service and have long forgotten about it.
These people will not receive notices by mail and, by themselves, will fall into the category of non-payers with all the ensuing consequences.
Access to the "Taxpayer's Personal Cabinet" is carried out in three ways: through the gosuslugi.ru portal account, via electronic signature or login and password specified in the registration card.
The latter can be obtained personally in any branch of the tax inspection (regardless of place of registration).
We remind you that in the current year the transport tax must be paid until December 1.
The mailing list began in July.
The Mercedes-Benz G-Class, in which development is aimed at achieving a very high return, is a thing in itself.
But the controversial concept has not embarrassed the masters of G-Power, who are responsible for the modification of Mercedes-AMG G 63.
G-Power is known for its addiction to BMW cars, but nothing human its masters are alien to.
Indeed, why not improve the G 63 - a 571-strong flying pile with the tank aerodynamics and up to hundreds for 5.4 with?
The "muscle" of the crazy "helium," the masters took advantage of the advantages that the 5.5-liter eight-liter.
But the dynamics of the run up to hundreds improved by indistinguishable 0.1 with, and now flying "brick" is capable of lynching for 5.3 s.
However, the acceleration from the medium speeds is certain to give him noticeably better.
The speed limit is clear: if the standard G 63 is faster than 210 km / h does not drive, the tuning-road with a deactivated electronic "collar" is able to squeeze 250 km / h.
Outside the vehicle is virtually indistinguishable from its factory, except for other wheel drives - 23-inch Hurricane RR dimension 305 / 35 ZR 23.
The Mercedes-Maybach suite has announced a striking conceptual swim of 6 m long, which will be presented in the framework of the elegance in Pebble Beach.
Mercedes-Benz is going to compete with the "green subbrand" of BMW i and will promote its electric models under a separate brand.
In the coming years, a minimum of four ecological novelties are expected.
