28 year old chef found dead in the mall of San Francisco
28 year old chef, who recently moved to San Francisco, was found dead in the stairwell of a local shopping centre this week.
However, the victim's brother said that he could not imagine someone who would cause him pain, noting: "Finally he went to twist."
- Body found in Vestfild Mall on Wednesday morning, was identified as a 28 year old resident of San Francisco, Frank Galicia, "said Forensic Medical Bureau of San Francisco.
The San Francisco Police Department reports that the death was classified as murder and the investigation is ongoing.
The victim's brother, Luis Galicia, told ABC KGO TV channel in San Francisco, Frank, past the cook line distribution in Boston, got his dream job as a cook at the restaurant San Francisco's Sons & Daughters six months ago.
The representative of Sons & Daughters said that they were "shocked and repressed" by his death.
"We are a small team that works as a happy family and he will be greatly missed," said the representative.
Our thoughts and condolences to the family and friends of Frank during this difficult period.
Luis Galicia said that Frank first stayed in hostels, but lately "Finally the case he went to twist."
"He found an apartment, he met with a girl," Luis Galicia told KGO.
Luis Galicia said he could not imagine someone who would hurt his younger brother.
He had a good soul and a great heart.
His way of communication with the family was always cook us a dish to cook us dinner, "said Luis Galicia.
He never wanted to be involved in any kind of quarrel.
He was a brother, who was swimming downstream.
"With all the bad that happens to this world, he was the neogranenem diamond, which brightly shined every day," he said.
Anyone who has information is asked to call on the SFPD Goryachuu at 415 - 575 - 4444.
Churkin said that the UN Security Council meeting on Crimea was useful.
Russia's permanent representative to the UN Vitaly Churkin said that the last meeting of the UN Security Council in Crimea was useful to Interfax.
"I believe the discussion was useful for us, and we provided them with information about what happened," said Churkin.
He explained that the Security Council in closed consultations, he presented the Member States information on incidents on the territory of the Republic of Crimea and read out a statement by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation, "expressed concern and outrage over the attempted attack and sabotage on the territory of the Republic of Crimea."
Russia men's national hit the finale combination relay 4 to 100 m.
Russia men's national was able to get into the final combination relay 4 to 100 meters in swimming at the Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro.
Russians in the qualifications provided Anton Chupkov, Evgeny Koptelov, Alexander Sukhorukov and Grigory Tarasevich.
They had sailed the distance in 3 minutes 32.95 seconds.
The Russians have shown the sixth result.
In the preliminary round of the best time for Britons - 3 minutes 30.47 seconds.
The finale will take place late in the evening on Saturday.
Russian rapirists defeated the Americans and took place in the finale of the tournament on the OI.
The Russian football team Fencing Championships finalist team tournament at the Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro.
In the semifinals of Russian athletes beat the American team with a score of 45: 41.
The finale will take place at 00.30, Russians must contend with the team of France, who won the match in the semifinals with the Italians with a score of 45: 30.
The four came in the 1 / 8 finals of the Olympiad
Russian Renat Saidov on Friday defeated four Austrian Daniel Allerstorfera in 1 / 16 finals of the Olympic Games in the category of more than 100 kg, according to the site competitions.
In one eighth of finale Russians will meet with Brazilian, Raphael Silva.
Two of the four gold medals at the Winter Games in Russia yielded dzudoists precisely.
Beslan Mudranov became the best in the weight category up to 60 kg, Hasan Halmurzaev - in the category of up to 81 kg.
At the moment, the Russian national football team was ranked seventh in the 19th only awards.
The Italian government debt rose to record levels
The size of the government debt of Italy in June 2016 exceeded 2,248 trillion euros.
In the country's central bank said that this amount is a historic peak Synopsis.
Former negative record was set in May of this year.
Then, the national debt has reached 2,228 trillion euros.
Noted that for the first half of Italy's debt load has increased by 77.2 billion euros.
Previously, it was reported that at the end of 2015, Italy's public debt stood at 132.7% of the country's GDP.
Meanwhile, the Italian Minister of Economy and Finance, Pier Carlo Padoan predicted a decline in 2016 to 130.9% in 2018 - up to 123.4% of GDP.
Payments from the airport has received 141, the victim of a terrorist attack in Domodedovo.
141 people received charitable disbursements from the fund "Aviation," which was created by the leadership of the Domodedovo airport to help the victims of the terrorist attack in 2011, Interfax reported.
According to the airport's press secretary Alexander Vlasov, now two additional applications are pending.
"On the part of the Fund's ongoing charitable payments to victims of the terrorist attack of 2011 and provides full support to address the existing issues," added Vlasov, recalling that specifically to facilitate interaction with the affected site was established fund containing full information about the charity.
In 2011, in the arrival area of foreign airlines Domodedovo suicide bomber detonated.
As a result of a terrorist attack killed 37 people, and another 172 were injured.
Scientists have found an animal that can live 500 years
An international team of biologists has concluded that the most vertebrates lived a Greenland shark, which can live about 500 years, transmits the RT.
Scientists carried out a radiocarbon analysis of the lens of the eye 28 Greenland sharks.
The biggest smooth whose length exceeds five metres may be from 272 to 512 years.
Biologists believe that the shark plays an important role in dolgoletii low metabolism, which leads to slow development.
Females Greenland sharks reach sexual maturity only for 150 years.
Previously, it was thought that all vertebrate animals live longer "neighbor" - bowhead whale sharks.
The oldest species known to scientists, was a little over 210 years.
Putin changed the composition of the Security Council of the Russian Federation.
Russian President Vladimir Putin issued a decree made changes in the composition of the Security Council of Russia, the Kremlin's press service reported.
Previously, it became known that Putin withdrew from his position as head of the presidential administration Sergei Ivanov, his successor appointed Anton Vaino.
Ivanov will now work presidential envoy on environmental activities, ecology and transport.
Among the permanent members of the Council of the RF excluded zamekretary Rashid Nurgaliyev.
The council included Sergei Ivanov, Anton Vaino, President of the FRC, Sergei and Nikolai Richev Relaciones Menyailo Cukanov.
Sergei Ivanov released from the post of head of the presidential administration.
Presidential decree Sergei Ivanov released from the post of the head of the administration of the Kremlin.
Ivanov was appointed Special Representative of the Russian Federation on environmental activities, ecology and transport.
The new head of the administration appointed Anton Vaino, who previously served as deputy Sergei Ivanov.
According to Vladimir Putin, Ivanov himself asked him to transfer to another job.
Whether or not to go to the sanatorium, if there are no health problems?
Our expert - Chief Physician of sanatorium Olga Bogush.
And if a person is healthy, just tired from work, is it worth it to go to the sanatorium?
Spa and resort holiday requires us not only to treat, but also for disease prevention.
In a sanatorium person can check the status of my body and get the doctor's advice, as he live to his health has not been destroyed.
Such recommendations nobody will be redundant.
"Just tired of the work" - this is an important signal of the organism, it cannot be wished away.
Constant stress, mental and physical exhaustion can lead to depression and chronic fatigue syndrome.
But the stress is about 90% of visitors.
Most people are exposed to it from the big cities between the ages of 45 to 55 years.
So it is better not to complicate the situation and give yourself time to relax.
Studies show that 98% of people reduce their biological age during his stay in the sanatorium.
Modern sanatoriums offer a comfortable rest for the whole family.
So, if you want to spend vacation with children, you will not have to part with them.
For children, even the smallest, there are wellness programs, which include both diagnostic services, pediatrician, tests and treatment.
For example, swimming (in many sanatoriums have children's pools), inhalation, special diet, massages, oxygen cocktails, physiotherapy.
Course procedures determines the doctor, taking into account the individual testimony and the characteristics of the growing organism.
In addition, in sanatoriums, usually runs a children's club with our entertainers, where kids can go to play classes, various master classes.
Some resorts open their doors even for guests with babies, grudnickam provide the necessary conditions and provide services experienced nannies.
Mild winters, long summers, an abundance of sunny days in a year (over 300), create good conditions for year round holiday resorts Caucasian Mineralnye Vody.
And then the body needs a rest not only in the summer.
So you should not be afraid of the weather outside the window, all the more so because most of the procedures are carried out in the room and does not depend on the season.
Spa treatment at all, it is advisable to spend 2 times a year, especially mature people.
The main chip region Caucasian Mineralnye Vody, of course, curative mineral springs: Slavanovsky, Smirnovsky, Essentuki, Narzan.
Their waters have unique properties and affect the different systems of the body.
The water varies in temperature, the amount of salts, total mineralization, chemical and gas composition.
Doctor selects the water, depending on the patient's wellbeing.
Thus, Narzan possesses buckhorn, immunity-modulating properties, restores the functions of the gastrointestinal tract and metabolism.
Essentuki - 4 "affects the gastrointestinal tract, reduces the level of sugar.
"New" Essentuki has antiphlogistic, jelcegonnoe and diuretic activity.
Has the same effects and water "Vim."
In the appointment of water the doctor must take into account the condition of the cardiovascular system.
If there are signs of hypertension, it selects less salt water, because the salt retards fluid, which leads to increased pressure.
Mineral water requires compliance with the regime: The water should be drunk at a certain time, in the right quantity and a specific temperature.
Now in sanatoriums are available and various beauty treatments for the face and body.
What types of recovery based on the natural features of the North Caucasus can be obtained at the resorts of this region?
Near Pyatigorsk, for example, there is a salty lake Lake Tambukan, silt mud from which is useful for joints, spine, internal organs.
It has antiphlogistic, rassaseatee, immunomodulirung effect.
This wellness walks on individually drawn up routes.
They are particularly popular in Kislovodsk, where there is a huge Resort Park (the second largest in Europe).
Popular in Kislovodsk, which is located in the immediate vicinity of the mineral source Narzan.
There you can also take a bath wine, pearl, yodobromnee, selenium, shalfeyno - lakricnee, depending on what you will appoint a doctor.
CGI fruit.
What to do to harvest walked before the end of the season?
Tells Julia Belopuhova, agronomist and dachniza.
It is time for a haircut Vysokoroslym tomatoes: Remove the new stepchildren, cut tops, remove all the leaves until the penultimate brushes with fruits and inflorescence with small zavasi - might not ripen.
All of the tomatoes, regardless of the "constitution," as well as the peppers and eggplant feed zolno - superfosfatnoy skin, treat biologicals (Dozrevatel - to accelerate loading and growth of fruit, Fitosporin M, Fitolavin, Gamair, Baktofit - from disease, Immunocitofit - to improve immunity, Bitoxibacillin, Lepidocid, Avermectin - if there are pests).
The chemical agents at the end of the summer, it is applied only to copper (II) sulfate, colloidnuu sulphur and green soap.
Doing the last watering plants.
Cucumbers in a greenhouse with Dlinnopletistse prispuskaem на so that the bottom, bare part of the stem (25 - 40 cm) fell on land, water profusely warm water and solution of zircon, prisypaem stem 5 to 7 cm of compost.
To extend fruit innkeeper, too easy: Srezhyte old leaves, proleyte warm water and solution of complex fertilizers, podsepte fertile soil under the bush.
For protection against the night cold, set on a plot arc with urevnem material.
The day the plants keep open and close after sunset.
Signs of the end.
Which indicates that Russia is emerging from the crisis?
Economists saw signs of Russia's recovery from the longest recession in the past twenty years.
According to analysts interviewed by Bloomberg, Russia's GDP is a positive trend - in the second quarter of GDP fell by 0.8% in annual terms.
This figure is the lowest since the beginning of 2015.
According to the latest data from Rosstat, the decline of the Russian economy in the second quarter slowed to 0.6 per cent.
On the stabilization of the situation recently also said the central bank and the Ministry of Economic Development.
Ahead - slow growth.
According to the experts of the CBR, recession in the Russian economy has been left in the past.
"Index assessment of Russia's GDP, said that the recession is behind us, and ahead - the slow growth of the economy," the bulletin of the Bank of Russia "About than say trends."
Modular GDP estimates for the current quarter, the regulator specialists have increased to 0.4% in the fourth quarter estimate is 0.5%.
As reported by the representative of the Ministry, during the second quarter of decline in GDP of Russia stopped in the second quarter, up 0.2%.
In the second quarter, seasonally purified decline in GDP was 0.2% in the previous quarter.
But during the quarter recession stopped: It was 0.2% in April, and in May and June, the change in GDP was within 0 - 0.15 "- quotes a representative of IEG RIA Novosti.
The slowdown in the fall of the Russian economy in the past five quarters shows that "the bottom of the pass."
Among other markers, pointing to signs of recovery of the national economy, Bloomberg describes the growing demand for electricity and rail transport, the revival of the business.
When adjusted for the leap year, it is understandable that the dynamics of the plus 1% of the electricity consumption can be halved due to an additional working day.
Add to this the lower average annual temperature in the first quarter.
The next argument is the growth in freight traffic, but here it is difficult to obtain accurate data, and plus or minus 0.5% biannual volume can also be attributed to seasonality, "explains Kirill Yakovenko from ALOR National.
However, there are other, more obvious signs of stabilization of the Russian economy.
For example, the price pressures.
In July, the consumer price index stood at 7.2% compared to 15.6% in the same month last year.
What's more, the last two weeks, Rosstat captures deflation.
Prices have fallen in Russia for the first time in five years.
If you look at the dynamics of the ruble, which, although it has shown strong fluctuations in the beginning of the year, at the end of August, with the beginning of the year grew by 12%.
This is also one of the signs of recovery, which should go indicators of the real economy, "said Yakovenko.
In addition, since April in Russia there is a growth of industrial production.
In June, the rate rose by 1.7%.
Slowing the rate of fall of foreign trade turnover with -32,8% in January 2016 to -20,7% in May.
Also demonstrates positive dynamics and the situation in the labour market, where the unemployment rate fell to 5.4%.
Below, it was only in September 2015 (5.2%).
Despite a healthy situation in the labour market, the issue with real disposable incomes of the population leave much to be desired.
The annualised rate is reduced by 4.8%.
This factor may hinder economic recovery, because household expenditures are a significant contribution to GDP.
As a rule, in the structure of the economy, their share exceeds 50%.
In addition to low consumer activity, as risk factors for economic growth can also be described as a strict policy of the Bank of Russia.
Regulator keeps the rate at 10.5%, which is not the best way affects the real sector.
The negative factor is not enough and the high level of investment, which constrains the development of industrial capacity.
But in general, one can assume that by the end of the year, the pace of the fall of the Russian economy is expected to slow to -0.5% vs. -3.7% in 2015, "says analyst GK Forex Club Irina Rogov.
The naturalization process of athletes, recently launched in Russian football and prizivshid perfectly in winter sports at the Winter Games in Sochi, while not as actively developed in summer sports.
If in the Olympics in Rio for Russia and the former aliens are, in most cases, we are talking about persons from countries of the former Soviet republics.
But in Rio de Janeiro, we can observe the reverse - quite a large number of Russians are under the flags of other nations.
In each case, the story of the change of different nationality.
Someone's parents took him to another country even in childhood, leaving no choice.
Someone did not withstand the competition for a place in the Russian national team.
And someone thought that abroad will create the best conditions for the development of the sport.
"АиФ.ru" found at least 16 athletes who have decided to change their Russian citizenship.
In a German passport 27 year old girl says that her name is Lisa Ryjih.
But earlier she was, of course, Elizabeth.
She was born in 1988 in the city of Omsk.
Only four years later, as soon as the Soviet Union collapsed, Lisa's parents decided to emigrate to Germany.
The girl had no choice.
There, she decided to follow in the footsteps of her elder sister - to athletics.
As well as sister, Lisa chose the pole vault.
If she in Russia is unlikely to be able to "move from the throne," Elena Isinbaevu.
Unfortunately, the Olympic Games in Rio, Lisa will be our only zemlachkoy, though the former, for jumping in the vault.
Its the best achievements in this sport - Bronze World Championship 2010 and silver continental championship in 2016, which she won again in the absence of the Helena Isinbaevoy.
29 year old Elena Pirojkova was born in Novokuznetsk in 1986.
Her parents - the religious evangelical propagandists.
In large part because of their faith, and they left for the US, when she was only three years old.
In addition to Helena, the family grew eight more children.
They all lived in a small town of Greenfield in Massachusetts.
Lena began to get involved in the struggle back in school.
Showing good results, she moved to the city of Colorado Springs, where the Training Center for the US continued its activities under the guidance of another former Russian Vladislav Izboynikova.
At the London 2012 Olympics, Elena lost in his first bout.
But at the World Cup in the same year - a victory.
Prior to that, she, by the way, managed to win a silver medal at the world championships of 2010.
This was the silver bronze in 2013 and 2014.
26 year old Maria was born in the town of Yaroslavl, where for the first time and got acquainted with synchronized swimming.
But to say that it would raise our coaches in Russia, it would be wrong.
Soon the girl's family decided to emigrate to the US and settled in the city of Colorado.
There Maria continued their studies.
Soon she already was a member of the U.S. national team and showed excellent results at the Pan American Games.
It's understandable that a serious international level Russian sinchronistkam it may not be competition, but for America, it is the ceiling.
The new name, which in Russian sounds strange Christina Shaldybina received at 11 years old when her parents decided to continue studying girls gymnastics over the ocean.
Until then, the girl has been a favorite sport in native Yaroslavl.
For exile in the US, she quickly became one of the country's Iraklis, and later stormed and the main national team.
At the Pan American Games 19 year old Kristen won gold and silver.
For the first position on the world stage, it is, of course, the fight is not accounted for, but she organized a real breakthrough for the US to withdraw stripes striped national team for the Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro.
One of our former "artist" - Jan Berezko - Marggrander, which stands for the German national team.
Jan was born in Togliatti.
In 2008, when the girl was 13 years old, the family decided to move to Germany, where the girl had more prospects to get into the national team.
Soon she has already represented her country at the 2012 Olympic Games in London.
There, however, Jan was able to occupy only 17 place, insufficient for getting into the final contest in a personal championship.
But the two years before that, she was able to win the bronze medal of the Olympic Games - Youth.
Another gymnast, only this time sports - Irina Sazonova.
If the path of emigration mentioned earlier athletes can be described as a standard, the choice of Irina's family is very unusual - Iceland.
IRA - pupil volgogradskoy Sports School.
Of course, in Iceland, she immediately became a champion of the country.
True, he's still in Russia - specially comes home, so as not to lose the skill.
In Rio, she was not so well as she would like.
The best place - 40 in personal multisport race.
Information about Maria plovcihe Ugolkovoy in Russian cyberspace is extremely little.
For a very long time, Maria lives and trains in Switzerland.
However, for a long time she was under the Russian flag, showing good results - was even a country's record at the distance of 200 metre butterfly.
In 2015, she received Swiss citizenship and began to speak under the red and white flag.
In Rio, her best speech - 14 place in an integrated 4 × 100 relay.
To get to the game, the girl launched craudfanding project, which has been able to gather about 6 thousand francs, which allowed her to pay for the Olympic Games.
31 year old free style wrestler Adam Batirov virtually his entire career held under the Russian flag.
During this time, a native Hasavyurta managed to become a triple medallist championships of Europe, the champion of Russia, Russia's master of sports of international class.
When he ceased to be caught in our national team, it is time to think about changing nationality.
For a few years, a talented wrestler disappeared from pomostov sports.
The triumphant return took place in the championship of Asia 2016 - Batirov has already represented Bahrain, for which he won a gold medal and received a ticket to the Olympics in Rio.
About another former Russian, Mikhail Koudinov, at home knows even less than even about the Swiss Ugolcovu plovcihu Maria.
The fact is that his parents emigrated from Vladivostok to New Zealand, when the boy was very small.
This is where Michael and began to engage in gymnastics.
Great success at the international level, he has not.
In Rio, his best result was the 40th place in the qualifications of the parallel uneven bars.
But for New Zealand, even getting to the Olympic Games in gymnastics - is already a breakthrough.
When Naste, born in Moscow in 1985, was only 9 years old, her family emigrated to Israel.
There, the girl continued his studies synchronous swimming, showing high results at the national level.
In 2014, at the European Championships in Berlin, a girl ranked 6th in synchronous.
In a duet with Evgenia Tetelbaum Anastasia took eighth place.
In the solo program, she was fifth.
As Anastasia, 23 year old Dmitry Kroyter stands for Israel's national team.
When he was only 6 years old, his mother decided to return to Israel.
In 2009, at 17 years, Dmitry has already become the champion of the country.
In the same year, he won the Youth World Championship.
A year later Kroyter wins and gold Youth Olympic Games in Singapore.
In addition to jumping height, Dmitry deals with jumps in the long and triple jump.
31 year old Albert is another native of Hasavyurta, who after long speeches for Russia has decided to change its sports citizenship.
However, unlike Batirov, Albert chose Romania, and will be in Rio.
In Russia, however, he advocated the School of Krasnoyarsk, in 2011, even after becoming the champion of the country.
28 year old Oleg Antonov was born in Moscow in the family of the USSR national team volleyball player Yaroslav Antonova.
Just one year before the birth of a son Jaroslav volleybolistom was recognized as the best on the planet.
Soon, he decided to pursue a career in Italy.
In the same family and remained for permanent residence.
In 2015, as part of the national team, he became a bronze prize winner in the European championship, held on the territory of his new homeland.
Hajiyev was born in Chechnya in 1994 and got together with his family in the midst of the war.
Ten years, the parents have decided to emigrate.
The original purpose was Norway, but in the Nordic country could not enter - had to travel to France in Nice.
There Zelimkhan continued to learn freestyle wrestling.
Soon he won the world championship among juniors, and later didn't qualify and to participate in the Olympics.
In Rio, he will be the sole representative of France in the tournament.
Once again, wrestling, and again the former Russians.
This time we will talk about the urojenze North Ossetia, who emigrated to Spain - the Taymuraze Frieve.
At the end of December 2012, he was granted Spanish citizenship, and now he stands for the country's national team.
Before that, however, the 30 year old athlete has high performance and reporting in Russia.
He became a bronze prize winner in the 2007 and 2008 championships.
Tired of nepopadaniy capped, Taimuraz decided to change sports citizenship.
The last on our list is Chechen boxer, who was born in 1995 in the capital city of Dagestan Makhachkala - Arthur Biyarslanov.
When he was ten years old, my parents took the family through Azerbaijan to Canada.
Arthur there, on the advice of his older brother started boxing.
Since then, Arthur has become a champion of Canada, and in 2012 became the world champion among young people.
In the 2015 Pan American Games Biyarslanov won gold, the first for his new home since 1975.
Head of the Administration of the RF President Anton Vaino.
On Friday, August 12, Vladimir Putin has appointed Anton Vaino the Head of Administration of the President of Russia.
This post was previously Sergei Ivanov.
"The head of state issued a decree appointed Anton Vaino, Leader of the Administration of the President of the Russian Federation, releasing him from his post," reads the decree signed by Putin and published on the site of the Kremlin.
From May 2012, Vaino was Deputy Head of the Administration of the President of the Russian Federation.
Anton Vaino was born on February 17, 1972 in Tallinn.
Father - Edward Vaino, chairman of the Business Council of Cuba and Russia in the Chamber of Commerce and Industry of the Russian Federation and vice president for external relations and interaction with shareholders of AvtoVAZ. "
Grandfather - Karl Vaino - с1978 years to 1988, the first secretary of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of Estonia.
In 1996, he graduated from the Moscow State Institute of International Relations of the MFA of Russia, Faculty of International Relations.
From 1996 to 2001, he worked at the Embassy of Russia in Japan, then in the Second Asian Department of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Russia.
From 2002 to 2004 held various positions in the Office of Protocol of the President of the Russian Federation.
From 2004 to 2007 - Deputy Chief of protocol and organizational management of the President of the Russian Federation.
From 2007 to 2007 - First Deputy Head of the protocol of the President of the Russian Federation.
From October 2007 to April 2008 - Deputy Chief of Staff of the Government of the Russian Federation.
On April 25, 2008, appointed head of the protocol of the President of the Government of the Russian Federation, Deputy Chief of Staff of the Government of the Russian Federation.
On December 27, 2011 - Minister of the Russian Federation - Head of Staff of the Government of the Russian Federation.
22 May 2012, appointed Deputy Head of the Administration of the President of the Russian Federation.
Is fluent in English and Japanese languages.
The RF State Counsellor 1 class (class rank assigned to the Decree of the President of the Russian Federation of January 22, 2008)
Certificate of Honour President of the Russian Federation (16 February 2012) for merits in the work of the Government of the Russian Federation and many years of hard work.
Thanks to the President of the Russian Federation (24 November 2005) for excellence in the preparation and holding of commemorations marking the 60th anniversary of Victory in the Great Patriotic War.
Married, has a son.
Why do children Cossack classes in schools?
According to the Governor B. Kondratieff, "does not need to equip kazacat shares and parades, and systemically."
They should grow up and with a minimum of 7 years to understand that they Cossacks and education should be Cossack.
But until this work, it seems to me, is being formally and, I suspect, more on paper.
If Cossack classes will build everything that accumulated earlier, at a qualitatively new level, I will be happy.
If all do and Neznamo's' MY 'as a new idea will have cheap populism.
Housing continues to be one of the most criminal sectors of the economy of the country.
There are posyagatel spends the funds allocated to the needs of the utility from the budgets of different levels.
According to the Prosecutor General's office, inflated tariffs is one of the most common crimes in the sphere of housing and communal services.
As a result of the consumers of the region was overpaid more than 170 million rubles energy
The other day, and the Krasnodar Region Prosecutor's Office revealed the facts included in the tariffs of unreasonable costs.
But the costs of OOO "PI Consulting" (on ­ was cold water) were laid 4 million rubles on car rental at a price higher than the market.
And such examples of the country mass.
People give for "communalku" recent money, and pays properly, according to the Ministry of the RF, the average collection of payments from the population is 94%.
He is accused on several articles of the Criminal Code: Embezzlement, legalization of proceeds of crime, abuse of power, etc.
According to the investigation, as the head of the Fund, which was renovating urban objects, Makarov concluded contracts with entrepreneurs, the work on them is actually not implemented, but were paid.
Businessmen simply returned to him most of the money.
But as the owner of the CC, Makarov was collecting money from people, but the service providers do not pay and spend them for their needs.
As a result of damage to the budget and tenants - millions of rubles.
Scheme machinations of Makarov, alas, is typical for Russia.
The country, a wave of arrests and detentions of leaders of the CC, who stole the money of citizens.
Kamchatka is the trial of A. Kohanom, incidentally, is also a former deputy city council, who is accused of fraud at 91.7 million rubles.
According to the investigation, in 2012 - 2013 Yelizovo in Kamchatka Krai, he established the 6 management companies and created 3 society with limited liability.
One of them was for the CC contractual work, the other two played a role, i.e., take money from the population.
However, energy A. Kochan means not paying, and spend on themselves, beloved.
Sue in the sphere of housing and communal services is difficult.
Rarely followed, are prolonged.
And "helps" in this extremely confusing housing legislation, "said Svetlana Razvorotneva, executive director of the NP" Utilities Monitoring. "
We do not have enough time to earn one law, as we are inventing a new, which should get to work earlier.
Professionals, including among judges on issues of housing and communal services, too little.
Lawyers themselves admit that the housing law in universities has received very little attention.
The refusal to institute criminal proceedings, on the tape during the investigations and the Prosecutor said.
From the production in 2015 3.5 thousand crimes in the court are less than half.
For the rest of the investigation was slow, and every fifth suspended in connection with the failure of the accused person.
Often deficiencies in law enforcement activities are cancelled by the gaps in the existing legislation.
The law is, but the investigative authorities are not in a hurry to initiate and investigate such cases.
In the second half of 2015, there were about 230 reported fakes - only 60 criminal cases were opened.
In the first five months of this year the number has increased only slightly - 99.
But what is the falsification of protocol assembly tenants?
This means: Changing the management of the home, financial and other issues bypass the views of the owners.
And this means that the market for housing and communal services may not break normal companies who want to work honestly and not "milk" of the population.
It turns out, tenants in negative territory, small and medium businesses, too.
Primarily through the eradication of corruption as such throughout the State - I am sure Anton Zharkov, a member of the State Duma committee on the property.
And now, this work is actively.
It is not just a single shares is a specific course in the fight against corruption.
Of course, not all regions, such a sad situation.
In particular, in the capital of scandals and no smell.
Why in Moscow, there are no such scandals in the sphere of housing and communal services, as in many other regions?
Yes because the Metropolitan Government showed iron will and impose order, "said" A & F "Anatoly Select, a member of the State Duma committee on security and countering corruption.
I mean, and staff issue and the legislative amendments, and legal education.
For managing companies is careful oversight, and they all have gone through licensing.
Citizen complaints are readily handled in a public space (and the treatment of tenants, and the responses are posted on the portal of the Government of Moscow).
Many people do not simply pay the monthly receipts, and keep a close watch on what they have written, as is the house.
Awareness among the public about the rights and obligations of resourcosnabjang owners and managers of organizations is very high.
Plus Moscow verifies the validity of the tariffs for housing and communal services, because much of the budget goes on subsidies and benefits for numerous categories of the population.
Perhaps, it all together and explains the calm in Moscow.
Goes, it is up to the will of the regional authorities?
Maybe bezvolnem worth to change employment?
Turkish Gambit.
Whether Erdogan to abandon the friendship with the EU and the US?
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan made the US ultimatum, offering a choice between Turkey and Fethullahom Gülen, an Islamic preacher accused of organizing a coup d'etat.
This, he said, speaking to her supporters in Ankara.
Erdogan called on Americans to abandon support fethullahistov "terrorist organization."
This is not the first statement from Turkey, which called on the US to change its position.
Experts believe that the rift in Turkey's relations with the West, more and more, and may lead to a new attempt to change of power in the country.
"Sooner or later, America will make a choice between Turkey and fethullahistov Feto (" Terrorist Organization ").
Either organizing coups Pheto, or a democratic Turkey.
It must make this choice, "Anatolia Agency Erdoğan's message, delivered on Wednesday evening in Ankara.
President of Turkey, once again, but already tougher demanded from the US to fulfil its requirement he outlined for the first time immediately after the suppression of the rebellion.
Let's remind, that on the night of July 16 in Turkey, senior representatives of the Turkish army attempted to overthrow the legitimate authority in the country, as well as an attempt on the life of the Head of State.
However, after Recep Erdogan issued a message to the people, the mutiny, and its organizers and participants were arrested.
Just under suspicion came about 8 thousand people, which, in addition to the military, turned out to be teachers and scholars.
As Recep Erdogan believes that their mentor was made by Fethullah Gulen, who lives in Pennsylvania in the US.
Erdogan's supporters also admitted that the gosperevorote can be involved and directly to the Americans.
The US has dismissed all claims against it, refusing to extradite Gülen and advising to change the tone.
The last statement by representatives of the State Department on this issue was at the time of Erdoğan's visit to St. Petersburg last Tuesday.
However, this does not stop the President of Turkey - the stubbornly insists on his and also makes demands on the other to his Western partners.
"Ankara will cease to perform its obligations under the agreement with the EU migration, if Brussels did not reveal the date of lifting of visa restrictions for Turkish citizens," - said this on August 9, Turkey's Minister for EU Affairs Ömer Celik.
According to him, the Ankara changes in the antiterrorism law, as required by the EU, would jeopardize their own security in Europe.
It should be noted that August 1, Vice Chancellor of Germany, Sigmar Gabriel demanded from Turkey to stop blackmailing the EU promises to open borders to migrants in order to facilitate the visa regime with the EU.
His words were a response to a statement by the head of the MFA of Turkey Mevluta tens.
Yet another provocative statement tens made last Wednesday, assuming that Turkey may withdraw from NATO.
The head of the Turkish Foreign Ministry did not rule out that the country will consider the possibility of withdrawal from the alliance if it does not receive the expected support from him.
The decision to increase cooperation with Russia in the field of defence is not a step against NATO.
There are NATO countries, cooperating with foreign countries in the field of defence, to smuggle missiles, "said in an interview with Anadolu tens.
According to him, Turkey now needs to create its own defense system on the basis of their technologies, as well as to cooperate with other countries.
"So far, Turkey has been trying to cooperate with the member countries of NATO, but the outcome was not satisfactory to us, and we began to look for others," said the minister.
Experts believe that all of this speaks to the serious differences of Turkey with the West and the reorientation of the country to the East.
The head of the International Institute for Political Expertise Yevgeny under suspicion believes that Recep Erdogan is his game and could not go to a fierce confrontation with the West.
It is very much linked to the West and from the point of view of business, and in terms of military (Turkey is a NATO member), so I think that Erdogan will try to balance, while maintaining the framework of relations with the West.
Although, of course, Americans would be easier to see in this post is completely obedient man, "explained АиФ.ru expert.
According to him, it is possible that after the statements of Turkish leader (to deny compensation to the EU, the requirement of a visa with Europe and Gülen's extradition from the US) will put pressure on him.
"Recep Erdogan will face deteriorating relations with America, and with the European Union, and they will put pressure on him, it is on humanitarian issues, for the dictatorial methods of management of the country and so on," said resources.
Head of the Political Information Center Alexey Mukhin admits that the President of Turkey is shifting its view in its relations with Russia as soon as it will be beneficial to him.
Eight months ago, Erdogan was a very tough stance against Russia, and by all means sought favor with the West.
For very little time, the situation has been reversed.
Guarantee that after a while, once again, the President of Turkey does not change its priorities.
I think that Erdogan has entered a period of shuttle diplomacy.
Caught between two poles - the West and Russia, he would try to get the maximum benefit for themselves, "said Mukhin.
In his opinion, the main challenge for the President of Turkey today is to retain political power in the country, and for this he needs exactly Russia and partnerships with Vladimir Putin that the US no longer support Gülen.
Needs Turkey and the EU and the US, which by means of her control of the situation in Syria and the Middle East.
Therefore, the consensus will be reached with Turkey, "- the expert believes.
A different point of view is head of the Centre of Asia and the Middle East, Anna Rome.
Now, Turkey's relations with the EU and the US is fairly intense, and this is due primarily to the internal policy pursued by Erdogan himself.
I think that the crisis in relations will worsen, and against the backdrop of the crisis, the Turkish leadership will try to hold the reset policy, both in the Middle East and in relations with Russia.
It is no coincidence that the President of Turkey, as well as a number of Turkish politicians claim that they are willing to change their position on a variety of issues in Syria, settled relations with Israel, is an active political engagement with Iran, "explained АиФ.ru Rome, admitting that Erdoğan's next step will be the normalization of relations with Egypt.
According to her, the policies that now holds Erdogan - a return to the exchange rate of the foreign policy concept, which was followed by Turkey before the start of the Arab revolutions.
"It was then that the positions of" zero problems with neighbors "Turkey has started very actively develop its relations with the Middle East and the Asian region.
Now underwent a very successful visits of the President of Turkey to Russia and the countries of Africa.
Therefore, the vector of foreign policy will evolve and help to strengthen the positions of Turkey, both regionally and internationally, "- the expert believes.
Rome believes that Turkey's return to old relations with the EU will be incredibly difficult, the question is rather whether the EU will strictly comply with Turkey, which can go to the opening of the borders to migrants and thus create a serious problem for Europe.
Junior doctors' strike: Calls for a new collective protests
The representatives of junior doctors have approached the union to authorize new collective protests in their dispute about a new contract of employment.
The junior doctors (JDC), the British Medical Association (BMA) is going to ask its full council to support more collective protests since the beginning of September.
JDC said ministers had failed to answer questions about the contract of employment.
Junior doctors and medical students in July voted for the abolition of the transaction under a contract agreed with the BMA.
She was rejected by 58% of its members who participated in a secret ballot.
In a letter to members, published on Twitter on Thursday night, the president of the JDC Helen MakKort said that the Government continued "stubbornly silent" about the problems, which, she said, led to the rejection of the contract of employment.
She said: "Given the current situation, the head of the JDC voted for the rejection of a proposed new employment contract in full measure and called for an official repeated negotiations on all your questions."
In response to the silence of the head of the JDC today made a formal request for an EGM of the BMA to approve a continuous programme of expansion of collective protests, beginning in early September.
The dispute has led to the young doctors participated in six strikes this year, including the first general strike in the history of the National Health Service.
The leader of the BMA junior doctors, Dr. Joan Malavana, resigned after the vote for the abolition of the agreed conditions of employment contract, which recommended that BMA.
He told members of the BMA that the deal was good, which should be taken during the assembly in anticipation of a vote of 54 000 junior doctors and medical students.
After the vote, Health Minister Jeremy Hunt said that the employment contract will be used for health care workers in England.
Russia and Turkey: "The alliance of bad"?
It was a gesture, which completed the crisis.
The leaders of Russia and Turkey met on Tuesday to shake hands and declare an official end to the war of words over eight months and economic sanctions.
But when Vladimir Putin welcomed his Turkish colleague at the time of the palace in St. Petersburg, I got the strong impression that Ankara wants to this reconciliation.
It was a handshake, yes.
But Mr Putin's smile looked stretched, but he hardly radiated heat, even in his own modest standards.
Recep Tayyip Erdogan, in contrast, has spoken repeatedly about his "dear friend" Mr. Putin - five times, according to one report.
I lost count.
He also promised that relations with Russia will return not only on the level before the crisis, but even higher.
The next day, one newspaper described the actions of Mr. Erdogan as if nothing bad ever happened.
In my opinion, his enthusiasm was the opposite.
But zatyagings coolness emanating from Mr Putin's, showed that the Russian leader did not forget anything.
In fact, the cause of the crisis was the first what he mentioned in the introductory comments: Turkey's downing of a Russian fighter jet on the Syrian border.
At this point, Moscow's reaction was fierce.
Mr Putin broke out angry rants, accusing Ankara in Moscow's struck in the back.
Insult was even stronger, on the basis of an alleged friend.
Restoration of real trust will be difficult, perhaps impossible.
The Russian public opinion has also changed since November.
Over the months, state controlled media were staggering, blanket attack on Ankara.
Suddenly, it seemed that the Turks should feel guilty for everything.
The most serious charges were from representatives of top management that Mr. Erdogan's own family najilasy on illegal oil trade from areas of Syria controlled by the so called Islamic State.
He denied it strongly.
But in St. Petersburg received an official signal that the time has come to move on.
In the end, the meeting took place only because Mr Putin has received an apology, which he demanded from President Erdoğan.
Russia could claim a victory of a sort.
For Ankara the advantages of the truces are clear.
First and foremost, Erdogan needs all the friends he can get after he was almost ousted from his post last month in the coup attempt.
Repeated terrorist attacks on Turkey clearly shocked him too.
There is also an economic reason.
Russian sanctions have hit - especially the ban on charter flights, which usually bring several million Russian tourists on the Turkish coast each year.
The number has plummeted by almost 90%.
As for Russia, tour operators and charter companies here, of course, will feel relieved when flights finally resume.
They are at the peak of the end of the season in the Mediterranean Sea.
And even this week, state television predicted cheaper fruits and vegetables as soon as the Turkish agricultural imports will be allowed again.
"Tourists there, tomatoes back here," as stated in the report in the newspaper Vedomosti.
But the visit also had additional political value for Moscow.
Ankara evil to the West for what it considers to be a weak response to the attempted coup.
Add to that its prolonged dissatisfaction with the glacial pace pace talking about joining the EU and Mr Putin's move - which seeks to take advantage of cool and gradually destroy the Turkish ties with the West.
The Russian leader, of course, won bonus points with Ankara for the call for support of the elected government after the coup attempt.
Keep in mind, this is a must for Moscow, which has its own deeply rooted fear of regime change.
So, the summit in this splendid palace on the sea coast allowed Russia and Turkey to provide what one analyst described to me as "bad" Alliance: Two countries who feel rejected and humiliated by the West, join forces.
All the same, despite the public display of reconciliation, these two still have significant differences.
The key is Syria, where Moscow has recently positioned itself as a peacemaker, but where Russia and Turkey supported the opposing sides.
Perhaps speaks for itself that, after nearly three hours of initial negotiations until the two presidents gave a press conference, they are not even touched on the topic.
The President of Turkey deliberately avoided answering the question about their differences, while Mr Putin chose to focus on them.
There is no clear agreement on how they can find a common ground on Syria.
But after months of open hostility - and taking into account the possibility of a complete catastrophe, when a NATO member Turkey's downing of a Russian jet fighter - more precisely, that the two leaders at least talk again.
The Royal Bank of Scotland will disappear for clients outside of Scotland
Brand RBS must be reduced to the role of back office, according to the executive director of the bank.
The Royal Bank of Scotland will disappear for clients outside of Scotland.
Ross MakEvan told BBC Scotland that the RBS brand was connected with the bank's global ambitions.
The Bank retreated from them since he nearly collapsed eight years ago, and it had to be saved.
During this period, brand strategists used "RBS" to protect the other brands of consumer lending.
He was supported by millions of pounds of sponsorship of international sports, from rugby Six Nations Cup to Wimbledon champion Andy Murray.
But now, it was decided that correctly allow more national brands to go to the fore.
The Royal Bank of Scotland, will be used with Scottish customers, but will not be launched.
In England and Wales, all references to RBS, including the head office and the stock exchange, will be changed to NatWest.
Brand Ulster Bank is already being used for clients in the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland.
There are other smaller brands for banking services to private individuals, who will have more influence - Coutts, Adam & Co, Drummond and Holt's Military Bank.
Mr MakEvan gave an interview during the tour clients and staff in Invernessshir.
He told BBC Scotland: "The RBS brand will eventually become our investment and the brand, which will be busy with our staff, because we are now more in bank brands."
As the bank itself has become a global brand, RBS became a global brand.
I now say that we no longer have global aspirations, we have a local aspirations.
Each of these brands will represent something totally different in their populations, and our staff will work with customers under these brands.
RBS has already stated that it will not, in order to continue its sponsorship of the Six Nations Cup, and he develops a profile of various brands in sponsoring sport.
"This is a good time for us to move the bank brands, as the basis (we asked ourselves) as we focus on improving the bank for clients?" Said the CEO.
It would be very cynical three years ago, if we were told that we are going to be a great bank for customers and shut down all of these brands.
But with the work that we do, focusing on the needs of customers, rather than on our own, I think you can see a lot of changes.
We can once again return to these brands, so I think a suitable time.
Franks Dettori comes to 3,000 winners with a victory in the Neumarkete bias
Dettori razbryzgivaet champagne after two in Neumarkete leads him to 3000 victories
Jockey Frankie Dettori has made his 3,000 th British victory in Neumarkete on Friday.
He came to this distinguished mark through his second winner of the night on its home track - the partiality, trained by John Gosdenom.
45 year old Italian is the sixth jockeem, which reached this distinguished mark in a smooth racing.
It should be for Sir Gordon Richards, Doug Smith, Lestorom Piggottom, Idderi Pat and Willie Carson.
Three times champion jockey Dettori, who had previously won the Ghayyar, said: "This is something special."
I am very excited, because my family is here
I am very happy that it happened in Neumarkete, because it is here that I stayed 30 years ago.
This is not a secular event, it's not the Royal Ascot is the usual Friday evening with 20,000 people.
I am free from cases and very nepretatelen.
Dettori takes the applause when leads predisposition after the victory
Two jockey have reached a point in racing with obstacles: Champion jockey Richard Johnson and retired 20x champion Sir Anthony McCoy, who had more than 4,300 wins for a record career.
Lester Piggott, devyaticrate winner Derby, 4493 victory in the quarry
Franks is one of the best jockeys of the modern era and it is not surprising that he has reached this point that so few reach up to him.
He's stylish and strong, but it is his tactical savvy distinguishes it from others in the weight room.
He is an excellent representative for racing, his enthusiasm and charisma attracted fans in this sport for years.
I said Frankie a few weeks ago in Epsom, he would have led 6,000 winners, if it was not only jockeem weekend and great racing!
But seriously, Franchi led the winners in the UK for most of 30 years, that's great to see.
He is a livewire character, which is good for British racing, but more than that, he's an incredible jockey.
Franks Dettori celebrated this extraordinary mark brand rapid soskokom with horse
From rapid to rapid soskokov finishey, Frankie Dettori is a symbol of the British flat racing for two decades.
Were the ups and downs.
Many winners of the big races, including his famous "Seven reviews at Ascot in 1996, but he also he also survived a plane crash and stayed in disqualification because of doping.
Three years ago he first encountered difficulties when he returned after a six month disqualification, but he showed tremendous willpower to challenge the skeptics and return to form.
And it may be not yet finished for a while - Dettori had previously said he would like to continue to take part in competitions, at least until the age of 50.
Putin dismisses the head of administration of Sergei Ivanov
Russian President Vladimir Putin unexpectedly dismissed its head of administration of Sergei Ivanov.
Ivanov was part of Putin's inner circle of trust for many years.
The 63 year old has now been appointed representative for the Environment and Transport.
A statement from the Kremlin states that Putin "decided to release Ivanov from his responsibilities as head of the Russian presidential administration," but did not identify the cause.
Deputy Mr Ivanov in 2012, Anton Vaino, was appointed as his successor.
Mr Vaino, 44, a former diplomat.
Born in Tallinn, Estonia's capital, in 1972, he graduated from the prestigious Moscow State University of International Relations (MGIMO) and served at the Embassy of Tokyo.
Later, he was the head of the management and staff of the government, according to the Kremlin's website (in Russian).
At the time of the appointment, he told Putin: "Thank you for your trust."
I think the most important task of administration is to support your activities as head of state in terms of the elaboration of draft laws and monitor how your instructions are met.
Putin told a Russian TV channel on Friday that Ivanov requested his release from the post and recommended that Vaino replaced him.
Convince the smile?
This is a move that has puzzled Moscow.
Sergei Ivanov has long been one of the closest supporters of Vladimir Putin and, like him, served in the Soviet security service, the KGB.
As the head of administration, he was one of the most powerful people in the country.
At a meeting with President Putin, which was shown on state television, both men said that the head of administration resigned on his own accord.
But despite the smiles at the camera, this little here convinced - especially now, just before the parliamentary election.
So, it is unintended consequences of a power struggle?
Far, no one knows.
But the official statement is that the person for whom the once agitated as a potential president, suddenly wanted to manage Russia's environmental policies - was greeted with great skepticism.
In the comments, Putin quoted on the Web site of the Kremlin, Ivanov said: "It is true that in the beginning of 2012, I asked you in an interview to entrust me with this very complex position, even, one might say, problematic position for four years.
Well, it turns out, I was the head of the presidential administration four years and eight months.
Ivanov took office in December 2011.
Previously, he served as Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Defence.
He is a member of the Russian Security Council and a former member of the State Security Service, the KGB, like Mr. Putin.
In the late 1990s, when Putin was the head of the Federal Security Service (FSB), which succeeded the KGB, Ivanov was appointed as his deputy.
When Putin came to power, he named Ivanov as one of the five people whom he trusted most.
Once upon a time, it was thought that Ivanov could become president of Russia after Putin's second term, as a third term for Putin would be contrary to the constitution.
However, this was replaced by another close supporter of Putin, Dmitry Medvedev.
Putin became prime minister, to return to the presidency after just three and a half years.
Star of "Think as the offender" Thomas Gibson sacked after a fight with producer
Gibson was a party to the scuffle on the set of the show in Los Angeles last month.
ABC Studios and CBS Television Studios, which produces soap operas, announced his resignation in a joint statement.
Gibson, who played Special Agent Aaron Hotchnera, apologized on Thursday, before his suspension was announced.
There were creative differences on the set and divergence of opinion.
I regret that this happened, "he said in his statement.
Detailed information on how Gibson's character will be removed from the show, which oversees a team of FBI agents are expected to be introduced at a later date, according to ABC Studios and CBS Television Studios.
54 year old actor who previously played a key role in sitkome Dharma & Greg, was in the show since the first season in 2005.
"I love" Think as the offender "and invested his heart and soul into it over the last twelve years," said Gibson in a statement issued on Friday.
I was hoping to sit in it until the end, but now it will be impossible.
I just wanted to thank the writers, producers, actors, our excellent team, and, most importantly, the best fans of the show could only dream of.
Is that the show will return with its twelfth season on September 28.
The puzzle: Fish landed in the garden of Banff
People from Banff asked for help in the identification of fish, which appeared in his garden in Banff.
Kevin Bain believes that 75 fish can be peschankami, abandoned water tornado.
Bain, who lives 500 meters from the sea, this spectacle in Periscop uploaded images in the hope that someone will be able to shed light on the emergence of dvuhduymovh fish.
Crossing Kvinsferri: Bridge is now connected to the Fife
The project at 1.35 billion pounds must now be completed by May 2017
Engineers joined the northern passage and viaduct Kvinsferri Crossing - which means that now the bridge is connected to Fife.
This is the first of four veerami smykaniy between "canvases," which now come to an end near all three pylons of the bridge.
A section of the bridge from Fife is 600 meters long and weighs 30,000 tons.
The 10,000 tons of steel and 20,000 tons of concrete and 46 shrouds bridge.
The project at 1.35 billion pounds must now be completed by May 2017.
Economy Minister Keith Brown today visited the site and was among the first who are back from the ground up to the bridge.
He said: "This is a historic and symbolic moment in the construction of Kvinsferri Crossing.
We are all witnesses of the engineering art of truly epic scale in this project, where more than 30,000 tons of concrete and steel used only for the construction of this part of the bridge.
Despite the massive size and weight of the linkages between viaducom bridge and bridge a depiction is a virtuoso operation using extremely precise tolerances for assembly.
A total of approximately 79% of the total bridge paintings are now in place for the last section of the canvas exposed concrete made in Rosayte today, which means that everything is ready to lift the canvas in place on the bridge.
Michael Martin, director of the Forth Crossing Bridge Constructors project, said: "The first links on each project, the bridge is always a significant milestone.
In this exciting project that links is the most advanced construction art.
After the installation of the last section of the roadway and connect it with the growing friction of Northern pylons we then remained to close the remaining gap in the north, or facing the beach - side.
This was done pulling viaduct northern approach to 700 millimeters to the south.
It was an ambitious and at the same time very elegant operation.
Scale, because the viaduct with a length of 222 meters, weighs approximately 6,000 tons and was supposed to be raised at the angle of about 3%.
Elegant, because the tolerances on which she worked as a team, were tiny - just a few millimeters in every direction.
Fortunately, all of this went very well.
Salvation in the Gulf Moelfr: Three men 'lucky to stay alive "
Three men 'lucky to be alive' after being thrown from a fishing vessel in Anglesey.
Rescue Moelfre RNLI Station raised the alarm at 13: 20 on British summer time on Friday after the team saw accident, Moelfr tide in the Gulf.
Three men struggled to swim to a safe place, while their ship continued to follow its course.
"We have seen how their ship crujilo beside them and assumed the worst," said the helmsman a lifeboat Moelfre Vince Jones.
"Fortunately, by the time when we went down to the water, the strong wind took it away from them," he added.
Two men were rescued by a local fishing vessel, and a third man 60 years was found and the iznemognem vcepivshims buoy without a life jacket.
They were all raised on board a lifeboat and taken to the Coast Guard rescue station
Jones said: "Three men out into the water, are lucky that they are alive and completely intact.
The engine of the boat was an emergency release, but he somehow otzepils from man, who ruled the boat when it overturned.
Someone has kept these guys today.
Pokémon Go, decent hunting for health and happiness
Fascinating to watch how the world is changing.
The fact that teenagers and children no longer go outside to play, preferring to spend their free time looking at screens, it was a complaint of many over the last decade.
Pokemon Go removes people from the sofa and engages in some physical activity.
Time in the screen is initially limited to TV, then video games and smart phones in recent times.
It's great to see that technology and activity on the street are not mutually exclusive.
Of course, I am referring to the craze, which is a Pokémon Go, app based on the characters originally created for video games in the 1990s (subsequently generated a series of cartoons, playing cards and other branches).
Like many other pop cultural phenomenon, all of this was alleviated the relevance somewhat earlier than this new game became available in the US, Australia and New Zealand in early July.
The launch in other countries at the time, was arrested in connection with the massive response that peregruzil servers.
In a matter of days from the Pokémon Go had more users than the Tinder and almost as much as the Twitter.
As it works?
In a nutshell, players with smartphones are going to find Pokémon, which are tracked by GPS and, if detected, can be 'photographed' (via a screenshot on your phone) or 'caught'.
The generation that played in the game, being younger, joined the povalnomu hobby, flying up from sofas to find.
In the US, the game has led to a significant increase in the number of steps, passable "ordinary" man on a daily basis.
Cardiogram, app for Apple Watch, which monitors 35,000 users, the Washington Post recently reported that within two days since the launch of the game, the number of people they tracked who performed a 30 minute daily exercises, jumped from 45 per cent to 53 per cent.
The company does not know who plays in the Pokémon Go, she simply sees the raw data on the levels.
Many public health campaigns to convince people to "find 30 minutes," "to stand on the sofa" and "be active every day," have not been met, because most health messages are boring and there are people who are unhappy.
Nevertheless, the importance of physical exercise cannot be underestimated.
Those who regularly uPragnates, reduces the chances of development of a cancer or depression.
Physical activity helps in the correction of weight, high blood pressure, diabetes and even a long list of advantages, too long to list here.
But the beauty of Pokémon Go is that it pulls people into the streets to do what they love.
Thus, covered by the three pillars of health: Movement, fresh air and sunlight and joy.
Some people even make new friends on the hunt.
As usual, there are boring zanudy who seek to complain.
And yes, someone could stumble on the door.
So what?
A breakthrough came.
Indeed, despite the fact that the applications for smartphones, such as the Fitbit can already monitor our physical activity, they did not give us an excuse to do both makes this game.
Novelty priests and use will weaken over time.
However, because of the success of the Pokemon will have more games, which will combine applications and virtual reality with physical activity in the real world, helping many people on the hunt to be more active, in good shape and healthy.
Read blogs of Dr. Joe on www.drjoetoday.com
Simone Baylz wins gold an absolute championship in women's gymnastics
Forget pressure.
Forget fussing.
Simone Baylz is invulnerable to all of this.
A dynamic on the jump.
Relaxed on the log.
Stunning on the floor.
Awesome everywhere.
And now, finally, An Olympic champion.
19 year old American gymnast rose to the league title on the absolute primacy on Thursday, placing the gulf between themselves and the rest of the world into a convincing demonstration under the watchful Olympic attention.
Its overall score 62.198 was sufficiently distant from the silver medallists from and teammate "Legacy Five" Eli Raysman and Russian bronze medallists from Alia Mustafina.
The United States Baylz stands on the mat log during the finale's individual absolute primacy in rhythmic gymnastics at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, on Thursday.
Consecutive Baylz became the fourth American woman, winning an absolute championship championship title and fifth in general, consolidating its reputation as the best of his generation and, possibly, ever.
She cried, when she revealed the final overall score and its long journey to this point is over.
This achievement puts it in the same league as extremely rare athletes such as Michael Phelps, who raised their sports to new heights:
Baylz had spent the last three years, dominating in his sport, winning 15 World Cup medals, including 10 gold - with such staggering programs in their mixture of industriousness and precision, the 1984 Olympic champion Mary Lou Retton described it as "the greatest few months that I have ever seen."
One final test waited in Brazil, the competition is not so much between Baylz and the rest in this area, but between it and the exaggerated expectations.
Anything less than to go back to his family home in Spring, Texas, with a handful of gold medals would be regarded as neopravdased waiting.
Simone Baylz from the United States, left, and Eli Raysman petting after winning gold and silver respectively in the finals of the female individual absolute primacy in rhythmic gymnastics at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, Thursday, Aug.
Baylz earned the first gold on Tuesday, becoming the beautiful always dopevala to farewell partying outgoing retired national team coordinator Martha Karoly.
While Baylz insisted that she had never peering into the future during his long journey to the top, it is not quite true.
Part of its programme of voluntary exercise - one that includes her signature passage - is installed on Latino music that would fit right at home on the street directly outside the Rio Olympic Arena.
Is not a coincidence.
Girl, udoceren his two grandparents, as a novice to walk a child and open mother coach Amy Boorman during a visit to the hall where Boorman was a coach, became a force.
She didn't lose a single competitions in absolute primacy in the summer of 2013 - a strip of luck, which should continue for as long as Baylz wants it.
Despite the fact that 2009 was a slight advantage with the help of two spins, it was a mirage.
New balance beam and floor exercise - where Baylz protects the world championship - lie in ambush.
She again came forward with the time and finished with 15,433 15,933 on the floor.
Raysman gently embraced her while they waited for the final invoice is a formality - and the tears emerged around a brilliant red with a white and blue eye to eye Baylz when intent, which she once recorded in the album for clippings, come to pass.
By Raysman was a small revenge for what happened four years ago when she shared third place, but lost the bronze Mustafina on the tie break.
This time, a 22 year old captain of the team, which the Americans call "grandmother" was far ahead.
She sends kisses the crowd after his lax exercises covered by the return, which sometimes seemed to be in question.
With regard to Baylz, viral tweet 19 years from the beginning of this week, now has an entirely new meaning:
Police: 3 of the victim in the case of serial killer shot dead while listening to music in the car
Two women and a 12 year old girl who died in the most deadly attack in the first serial killer Phoenix over the past decade, sat in the car, talked and listened to the music, when they were shot, according to police reports released on Thursday.
Angela Rochelle Lainer, Stephanie R. Ellis and Ellis's daughter, Malia, were shot on June 12, when their car was parked on the roadway, the authorities said.
The offender has made approximately eight shots from a pistol, standing on the passenger side of the car, and then fled in another vehicle, the report said.
The police said that the triple murder, apparently, is not the result of robbery, since the attacker did not take purses or 2 900 $, the former in the hands of one of the adult victims.
Phoenix police spokesman, Sgt. Jonathan Howard stated that the shooting has prompted investigators to verify whether he was not connected with the four previous attacks.
Only seven people were killed and two others injured as a result of nine attacks in two predominantly Hispanic districts within four months.
"This is happening in a residential area in front of the house," said Howard KPHO, the CBS affiliate, earlier this month.
The suspect, believed to be used by several vehicles, including a brown Nissan late 1990s, BMW late 1990s black and white Cadillac or Lincoln.
The investigators refused to disclose evidence that led them to conclude that the attacks are linked and committed by the same killer.
Ellis, 33, was hospitalized with injuries and later died.
Liner, 31, and daughter of Ellis, Malia, died on the spot.
A witness told police that there was nothing unusual in the fact that they were sitting in a parked car, listening to music.
The authorities also issued a police report on the shelling, the purpose of which was an empty pickup for half an hour before the triple murder and who is believed to have been perpetrated by a serial killer.
The investigators found the liner and removed the bullet from the seat and bullet fragments from the engine compartment.
The mother of a 6 year old child with microcefaliei: "Becoming better"
As most of the six years, Edmund Picsivto loves singing, toys and, of course, her mother.
But unlike most of their peers, from Edmund microcephaly - the result of genetic disorders, of which his mom Elizabeth Picsivto didn't know during pregnancy.
When he first arrived home, my first thought was - I won't be able to do so.
I will not be able to do so.
I did not subscribe to it.
That is actually not true - of course you're podpisees on this, "she said.
She and her husband Vincent were told that Edmund may never learns them, and that he may not even survive.
Some doctors even suggested to place him in a specialized institution.
"My first response was:" I didn't think that people are still doing so, "explained Picsivto.
Edmund walks with crutches.
Edmund did not sit and not crawling until he was three, and he has not yet said.
But he slowly goes through some stages.
He walks with help and rides on a bicycle.
He also likes to play with his two brothers and the singing.
Elizabeth shows gesture, which Edmund coined for "please Spoi me."
"We teach him in sign language," said Picsivto CBS News.
But it is not just a normal sign language - she said that Edmund has invented their own gestures.
Microcephaly can occur due to a number of different factors: Genetic, such as the Edmund, infections during pregnancy from such viruses as measles and Zika.
The symptoms and prognosis may vary significantly.
It is too early to say how this will affect the lives of those who are infected with the Zika virus.
Remembers Picsivto emotional losses due to an uncertain future.
I told all the time, what will happen?
What will happen?
And she still does not know.
I actually did not seek the prognosis for life, because I don't think that someone can really tell me.
But there is encouraging Picsivto advice for mothers of children with birth defects due to the Zika.
Is better.
You know that everything will be better for you.
You will love your child, and your child will love you.
Heavy rain, flooding are responsible for rescue efforts in Louisiana, Mississippi
Heavy rain and widespread flooding in Louisiana prompted the governor to declare a state of emergency on Friday, with even more rain is expected to be over the state until Saturday inclusive.
Numerous rivers in southeast Louisiana and south Mississippi have overflowed and threatened by widespread flooding after extreme rainfall, reported the National Meteorological Service.
Louisiana Governor John Bell Edwards said that government officials are in constant contact with the local authorities and aid have already left to the affected parishes.
Mike Steele, a representative of the Governor's Office of Homeland Security and Emergency Preparedness, said that receives requests for transportation for high water, boats and sandbags.
Steele said that only the parish Tanjipahoa solicited tens of thousands of sandbags.
The risk of flooding remains in force until Saturday in much of southern Louisiana.
The Meteorological Agency said in a statement that the additional 3 to 5 inches could nahlynute on area.
In southern Alabama on alert in anticipation of flooding remained in force until Friday, as the rain continued to go in the Mobile area.
The river comes close to the baton Rujem and Amite County, Mississippi River near Denham Springs, both in Louisiana is projected to have a record level of flood last weekend.
The Weather Man Alec Krautmann said that both rivers could flood many houses in suburban areas near Baton Rouge.
He also said that the flooding proceeding downstream Assenshen in the parish, is a threat, as these bloated rivers will slowly drain into Lake Morpa.
River Tikfo, just south of the border of Mississippi in Liverpool, Louisiana, has reached the highest level ever recorded at 9 a.m. Friday.
Rescuers are still dragged people from the floods in Amite County, Mississippi and Wilkinson counties in southwest Mississippi.
Leroy Hansford, his wife and stepson were among those rescued early Friday near Gloucester.
Hansford, 62 years old, said that the waters of Beaver Creek, which are usually in more than 400 feet from his home, quickly climbed during the night.
He said that another stepson, who lives nearby, warned him.
"We woke up and the water continued to arise," said Hansford.
It has reached the level of my belt.
His wife Hansfordu said that this is the largest influx, which she had seen for 48 years, that lived here.
Hansford said that he and all members of his family, disability, and he is the only one who knows how to swim.
Hansford said that rescue workers have saved all three through the army truck and took them to a fire station in of Gloucester, where they had taken refuge on Friday.
Krautmann said that flooding "is rapidly spreading," as the rains are continuing, noting that officials are considering an evacuation order.
Krautmann said that one observer near Livingston reported about falling 13.75 inches of rain from midnight until Friday morning.
Krautmann said that the ground was dotted rain from Wednesday.
Heavy rain and flooding of streets led to work to save the inhabitants of the houses in the parish of Tanjipahoa and cancellation of classes in five school districts, state authorities.
The WWL, the CBS affiliate, reports that Tanjipahoa adviser spoke about 200 flooded houses.
Residents were evacuated in the two churches, but they both suffered from flooding now.
Chairman of the parish Robbie Miller said that the authorities have saved 72 people and seven pets stranded in high water.
The shelters were opened in the city of Amite County, Mississippi and the city of Hammond to accept those who were evacuated.
"They will have the opportunity to return home as soon as the water starts to recede," he said.
In the town of Hammond parish Tanjipahoa about two dozen streets were closed due to high water levels, and sandbags were available to the residents in the hope that they will keep the water away from homes and businesses.
"The last major floods that we had was in March," said City Manager Lacy Landrum.
It is on the way to becoming a similar event.
In Mississippi, the District of Harrison, head of the Department of Emergency Situations Rupert Lacy reported that oblojnoy rain continued to go on the Gulf Coast.
According to him, several homes were registered as flooded on Thursday, but none was registered on Friday.
Kate Touson, Head shop Shopper Value Foods in Amite County, Mississippi, has lived in the area for 40 years.
"I saw the water in the places where I had never seen it before," said Towson - and it still spite on the ground. "
Mahaj Brown, 6, "riddled with bullets," is still alive after the shootout in Philadelphia
The police said that in Philadelphia shot in a 6 year old boy, by registering a second shooting in 6 years in the city this week.
The child's grandparents identified him for CBS Philadelphia as Mahaj Brown.
Grandparents say Brown has received multiple gunshot wounds, including his groin, leg, arm and stomach, but was conscious when he was transported to the hospital.
"He has won, his little body was riddled with," says his grandmother Delores outings station.
I just can't believe it.
The boy is in the hospital in critical condition and has undergone several operations.
The family told the station that it is expected that will he recover.
He was supposed to go to the first grade at the local elementary school.
Brown was one of four people shot at the Jermantaun quarter.
Also shot three men: Two 29 year old and a 32 year old.
It is reported that one of the 29 year old man is in critical condition; the other two victims were reported in stable condition, according to CBS Philadelphia.
The child was found shot in the front seat of cars next to 29 years in critical condition, reports the station.
The other two victims were not in the car, and police are investigating whether someone from the wounded men to be positioned.
Investigators tell CBS Philadelphia, which appears to have been an exchange of fire between several armed men.
Cartridges from semiautomatic weapons attributed to different copies of semiautomatic weapons, ustilali place actions.
It seems that it definitely was a long battle.
Were bullet casings on the street, on both sides of the sidewalk.
So, apparently, there were several armed fighters and they were actively involved in a gunfight, "said Captain Anthony Djinaldi Philadelphia police station.
Many of the houses and cars in the area were also offended by.
No arrests were made, and police reportedly scans the video surveillance cameras.
Another 6 year old kid, a girl, was struck in the arm by a stray bullet Tuesday while playing in front of his house in the West Oak Lane.
It is restored, and the police are still looking for the suspect.
Why do we need Simon, Gabby and Lori
This is what I call the women's Olympic team in gymnastics this year and for several reasons.
Firstly, I was at every Summer Olympics since 1984, and the US has never been so dominant.
And the second: This team has played a key role in the three gymnasts: Simone Baylz, Gabby Douglas and Lauren "Laurie" Hernández, who has inspired so many girls of color.
The composition of this team, supplemented by Eli Raysman, which is Jewish, and Madison Koshan, which is Catholic, makes everyone to be proud of.
This team looks, finally, as America.
It also strengthened the black and Hispanic women's presence at the top of this kind of sport.
Over the past four years, few women's number one was win.
In the past year, Simon and Gabby were No. 1 and No. 2.
Is powerfully.
At the last Olympics, Gabby Douglas was an unexpected Olympic champion, and America approvingly welcomed.
Now, the world could have witnessed incredible speeches three times World Mira Simone Baylz, Douglas and Lori Hernandez, performing unexpected but nonetheless masterly gymnastic exercises.
On Thursday, Simon became the fourth consecutive american, winning gold in the women's individual absolute primacy.
A colleague on the team Eli Raysman earned silver.
We witness the peak of this kind of sport, but it does not look so in gymnastic clubs across the country.
Simone, Gabby and Laurie all chose the same path as Eli and Madison to form the Olympic national team.
They are the "final five" because the next Gymnastics Olympic football team will have only four reference in a team, and this is the last year trenerstva Martha Karoly.
But in fact, gymnastics is an expensive sport, and gymnasts will first train in private gymnastic clubs, supported by using the parents paying the cost of training, equipment, travel, uniforms, contributions for participation in competitions, hotel fees (for coaches and gymnasts and their families), and the list goes on.
Most of these gymnastic clubs are located in the wealthy suburban areas that can support this business.
These clubs are located where gymnasts receive everything from their workouts, and this is expensive and long term responsibility for the families of athletes.
Amy Boorman, Coach Simone Baylz and Maggie Hani, head coach Laurie Hernandez, both trained their athletes since they went at gymnastics.
We need to create a more affordable and accessible training gymnastics communities of countless young girls, inspired by Simone, Gabby and Lori.
I founded his gymnastics fund 20 years ago.
In my organization, we have provided free and inexpensive gymnastics classes, located in Harlem, for more than 15,000 urban young guys (mostly blacks and Hispanics) and cared for national and international champions.
In September, we will grow in Detroit (my hometown) in order to provide high quality gymnastics youth that deserves the opportunity to learn and benefit from this great Olympic sport.
Gymnastics develops strength, flexibility and coordination for the body, as well as resistance to the grueling work, discipline and perseverance to mind.
This combination of lifelong provides a positive impact on good health, success in school and work.
It is the inspiration of this team will send thousands of girls doing gymnastics, and it's wonderful.
Sports - it is so important, especially for girls.
Now, such a wonderful time.
Thank you, Simone, Eli, Laurie, Gabby and Madison for this great demonstration of the "Women's Force" to gain command of the Olympic gold and for the fact that so many girls from different backgrounds motiviruete be healthy, strong and successful young women.
Junior doctors took up the announcement of further strikes after the rejection of the proposal Jeremy Hunt
Ministers had hoped to complete a dispute about changes, agreeing to the amended agreement with the leaders of the British Medical Association, but 58 per cent of the 37,000 young doctors who took part in the vote, rejected it.
In July, Hunt unveiled plans to introduce the treaty, saying that the NHS was a "no man's land" and any further delay would cause harm to staff and patients.
The first junior doctors were transferred to a new treaty, which includes changes to work at night and weekends to improve services in their free time.
Dr. Helen Makkot, Chairman of the Committee of young doctors, "BMA said last night in a statement:" The junior doctors still have serious concerns about the proposed contract, in particular, that he podpitaet available labour crisis and that it could not apply to all doctors rightly. "
There are only eight weeks before the first group of doctors will be transferred to a new contract, progress is needed, and time is running out.
WMA attempt to resolve the dispute negotiations was met with reluctance to take action, and sometimes the complete silence from the government.
This is despite the promise of Jeremy Hunt last month that his door is always open.
"Jeremy Hunt needs to act now, inspire the introduction and respond to the concerns of junior doctors.
If he does not, then the junior doctors are unambiguous in that they are ready to organize the next strike.
The latest strike at the end of April brought a respite about 13 000 planned operations and 100,000 receptions of nurses, while nurses and consultants were engaged to ensure the replacement of doctors on the pickets.
Ministers had hoped to finish the dispute about changes, agreeing to the amended agreement with the leaders of the British Medical Association.
WMA wants to pay more than a good weekend for 54,000 junior doctors who becomes subject to a contract.
Daniel Mortimer, CEO of NHS Employers, called on junior doctors do not continue to strike.
Mortimer said: "Strikes are little or nothing, but putting pressure on already operating at the limit of commands and services, and cause anxiety, physical pain and disorders for patients, home and their families."
Over the past two months, we talked with the junior doctors and in conjunction with the Department of Health and others, positively responded to their concerns regarding the role of the guardians and the politics of corporate information.
Employees had hoped that the continued positive support on other important topics - such as the distribution of staff, flexibility training, additional training for those who are returning after a break in the quarry, the value of learning, mutual recognition of the curriculum, academic leave and the gender pay gap in medicine - were a sign of how seriously employers, Health Education England and the Department of Health wanted to comply with the conditions achieved by the WMA in November, February and May.
The drug for £2 per day can reduce the risk of heart attack
Thousands of patients with a heart attack are going to take advantage of the drug for £2 a day after the authorities advised to give it to more people and for a long time.
Drug ticaggrelor Protivosverting reduces the risk of repeated attacks for people with heart disease.
The drug has already appointed for 12 months after a heart attack, reducing the risk of a stroke or a new attack.
NICE Supervision Service of the National Health Service of Great Britain advised to give its people over four years to continue to exclude the risk of cardiovascular problems.
But now NICE Supervision Service of the National Health Service of Great Britain advised to give its people over four years to continue to exclude the risk of cardiovascular problems.
A heart attack happens with approximately 140,000 people in England each year, and a quarter of them, there is another attack or stroke.
Heart attacks and strokes occur as a result of the accumulation of fatty material on the walls of the arteries and formation of plaques.
If the MS plaque is torn to pieces, it can cause tromba, blocking access of blood to the heart and causing a heart attack.
But if the clot moves, he can move through the blood stream and block blood flow to the brain, causing a stroke.
People who have already faced one bout, are at greater risk of getting another.
Ticaggrelor produced by British firm AstraZeneca and sold under the name Brilique, reduces the risk, making clots less likely.
The draft NICE guidance, published today, recommends that people gave 90 mg ticaggrelora for 12 months, then 60 mg of aspirin twice a day for the next three years.
Professor Carol Longson, Director of the Centre for Health Technology Assessment NICE, said: "Despite the existence of effective secondary prevention methods with approximately a quarter of people who have already had a heart attack, suffered another heart attack or stroke - often with devastating consequences."
Fear of recurrence may have a significant negative impact on the quality of human life.
There is evidence that the ticaggrelor in combination with aspirin is effective in reducing the risk of subsequent heart attacks and strokes in people who have already suffered a heart attack.
Tentatively recommending ticaggrelor, we are delighted to have the opportunity to increase the treatment options that are accessible to many thousands of people who are willing to use it.
Because the information about the effectiveness and safety of ticaggrelora - especially the risk of bleeding - the expiration of a period of three years is limited, the instruction does not recommend treatment for longer than this period.
The culture of ownership of PCs can flourish falsification of counting in Muslim areas
Former Mayor of Tower Hamlets Lutfur Dr. Rahman was removed from office last year due to corruption, motivating the government report released
The culture of political correctness has led to the closing of the eyes, resulting in a widespread falsification of counting in Muslim communities, according to a devastating report by the government, announced today.
A former member of the Cabinet, Sir Eric Pickles hits out at police, electoral observers and city administration for ignoring evidence of irregularities in the elections because of "excessive sensibility about race and religion."
Former secretary of the local communities, is now censoring the tsar, said that sectarian intimidation of voters was so strong that the police should be allowed to put cordons outside the polling stations to protect frightened voters.
He suggested that voters take ID to prove who they are when they vote.
At the moment, voters should just indicate your name and address.
Record even proposes to cause indelible ink on the fingers of people when they are renting their ballots in order to exclude that someone could vote twice.
Need to provide better protection for informants, said Sir Eric.
He calls on the press to provide greater access to the documents of the local council and the decisions taken by unofficial committees or working groups.
"This is not only to protect themselves from fraud in the elections, but also to protect the local government from a more open culture of corruption and financial fraud that goes hand in hand with it," he said.
The report was commissioned by Downing Street because of the scandal with the vote in Hamletse Tower Hamlets in East London.
Last year, a special court dealing with the issues of the election, decided that the current Mayor of Luftur Rahman had to be removed from office in connection with a long list of corrupt and illegal activities.
The court found that Rahman "cynically distorted" religious feelings of its Muslim community and has silenced his critics, accusing them of racism and Islamophobia.
Rahman, as has been said, "campaigned on the basis that it was the duty of Muslim worshippers to vote for him."
Up to 300 votes were problematic or were the result of impersonation, when people vote, identifying themselves by someone else.
Sir Eric said that there were evidence of fraud across the country.
He expressed particular concern about the fraud with vote by mail, in which senior members of the Muslim community, reportedly put pressure on people to vote for their chosen candidate.
Sir Eric, the photos, made several recommendations to clean up the voting system, including the requirement to show his ID to prove who you are
In his report, said: "The evidence was presented pressure on vulnerable members of some ethnic minority communities, particularly women and young people to vote according to the will of the elders, especially in communities of Pakistani and Bangladeshi origin.
"There were fears that the... government agencies turned a blind eye to this behavior because of excessive sensitivity of" political correctness "about the ethnicity and religion."
Eric cheese made 50 recommendations to clean up the system, including the removal of political activists from working with the postal ballot papers to stop the "harvest of votes."
Record before the Theresa May, also calls for the tone had hardened checks during registration in order to prevent the use of the voter list for immigration fraud and privileges.
Is the option to require voters to show ID before the vote.
Use indelible ink on the fingers of people as soon as they cast their ballot to prevent someone to vote twice.
Systematic verification of nationality of people to make sure that they have the right to vote.
Introduce three years of restriction on applications for automatic postal vote.
Remove political campaigners and activists from working with the absentee votes and envelopes filled with the postal ballot.
To give the police powers to establish cordons around the polling stations.
Change the law to make it easier to bring people charged with intimidation under the Issuing of the People's Act of 1983
Make unlawful photographing at the polling stations.
To make the requirement that only English was used at polling stations (except Wales).
Enhance learning, to ensure that the staff makes the voters go in the booth one by one.
Sir Eric wildly at the Metropolitan police, stating that it was "astonishing" that has not been charged with any criminal charges after the case Dr. Tower.
"The court hearing matters of elections, disqualified Lutfura Rahman and his agent for a long list of corruption and illegal actions," he said.
He was found guilty beyond reasonable doubt - the criminal standard of proof - on a number of grounds.
He also criticizes the airframe "check for ticks" divisions of the electoral registration administrations of cities.
Sir Eric said: "Last year's court ruling in Tower Hamlets Hamletse was signal to awakening.
Our nation has a proud heritage as the mother of parliamentary elections, and yet disturbing and hidden distribution of electoral fraud and the state of denial by some authorities threaten this good reputation.
These crazy on Cycling analogue Kate and other celebrity doubles Olympic Games in Rio
Fans of the Olympic Games 2016 in Rio this week went crazy on the French velosipedistke Pauline Ferrand - Prevost, which, as it turned out, impressively similar to the Duchess holding the Cambridge.
But the 24 year old participant in the Olympic Games is not the only athlete struggling for gold this summer, which boasts its own famous imposter - at least according to reports on social networks.
So, in honor of the Games of Rio and all the famous people appearing on our screens at the moment, FEMAIL has compiled a list of Olympians who have more than a superficial resemblance to Hollywood stars.
The hunter and the wolf: A member of the U.S. men's team archer Brady Ellison, left, compared with Leonardo DiCaprio since he was a child
In addition to double Kate on the cycle track, a lot of people online were quick to point out how a certain archer could be twin superstar Leonardo DiCaprio.
A member of the U.S. men's team of archers Brady Ellison has caused a storm on Twitter after his images have emerged which looks frighteningly similar to Star Wolf with a link.
In fact, the archer knew about the zaniness of social networks and admitted that he had heard that it is similar to Leo since he was a child.
"I personally don't see the huge similarities may be except for vegetation on the face," Brady told the Huffington Post.
"He's an attractive guy, so I think this is a compliment."
On one of the most popular comparisons from London 2012 will undoubtedly be even more this year: Striking similarities between the British prygunom Gregom Razerfordom and popular actor Neil Patrick Harris.
Russian gymnast Aliya Mustafina entered with her big expressive eyes, as they say, is an exact copy of the Cuban American singer Gloria Estefan.
And in the basin of the South African swimmer Cameron van der Burgh work compared with the Star of Horus Matthew Morrison for many years.
Turning to a more unexpected: This user believes that Nathan is "a sports version of" actor "Start"
Another long ongoing comparison was between 25 Rafael Nadarom and actor Josh Harnettom that can boast similar heavy eyebrows and lips.
Silver medallistka swimmer from Russia's Yuliya Efimova boasts not only equally tanned skin and blond hair as the actress AnnaLinn MakCord, while Nathan Adrian from the US, according to the fans, similar to the "athletic version of Joseph Levitte of the Gorgon."
Severe women: Soccer star Hope Solo, left, and actress Jennifer Carpenter of Dexter, on the right, have the same shape of the face and eyes
Not the only one: One Twitter user was very pleased that others also saw similarities
Creating a theory: According to this user, there may be the reason behind the similar appearance of this pair
One Twitter user recently asked the site to publish his delight that "the rest of the Internet thinks that Hope Solo and Jennifer Carpenter are actually identical."
In fact, the U.S. football star and actress Dexter are incredibly similar forms of the face and eyes.
Other popular comparison included Kerri Walsh Jennings and her smile, which is close to the identical smile actress Laura Linney, as well as winning a gold medal gimnastcu Gabby Douglas, which boasts its own beautiful broad smile, which resembles a smile stars "bring It On" Gabrielle Union.
The commentator of the Olympiad at CBC apologizes for the Chinese plovce "died as a pig"
Byron MacDonald's analysis of the fourth place at the end of the 14 year old Ai in the women's freestyle relay Yanhany 4х200 m saint on Wednesday CBC viewers live in Olympiad
The Canadian broadcaster CBC was forced to apologise after one of its commentators said that the 14 year old Chinese plovcihe "started as the stink" and "died as a pig" during the swim.
Commentator Byron McDonald thought that his microphone is turned off, when he began to express their own opinion at the end of the final women's 4х200 m freestyle relay.
You could hear, as McDonald, who was brought to the team CBC commentators "to dilute her color," said: "This is a 3 ball 14 year old Chinese woman, baby."
Too excited, started as the stink, died as a pig.
Thank you for this.
The Chinese Yanhan plovchiha Ai, aged 14, proplyla second stage relay in 1: 57.79 - 1.61 seconds slower than Canadian Taylor Cancer, allowing Canadians to remove the backlog from China.
Spectators across Canada have reacted quickly to the network after being shocked by the tone and used expressions
Emmett Macfarlane tvitnul: "Really CBC announcer just said that a 14 year old plovchiha from China 'died as a pig'????"
This idiot does not understand that they were still on the air. "
The Ai Yanhany from China in the final of the women's freestyle relay 4х200 m said: "This small 14 year old Chinese woman a 3 ball, baby."
Criticism on Twitter immediately hit Byron MacDonald, and many called for him to dismiss
Twitter users are not sderalisi when heard how insensitive was Byron McDonald
Another Twitter user, Sarah paradise, wrote: 'Wow # ByronMacDonald.
You picture CBC and Canada and do us like a bunch of racists. # disgusted.
Shortly afterwards, Scott Russell, who led the transfer of CBC, apologized live for MacDonald's comment, saying: "We ask forgiveness for the fact that the commentary on the statement on swimming came on the air."
It was a bad choice of words, we are sorry that this happened. "
SAF have completed the fact that apologized for more than 90 people who tvitnuli in response to the utterance
Friend commentator Scott Russell was forced to apologize on behalf of the McDonald
CBC is then copied and sent their apologies more than 90 other Twitter users who complained about MacDonald's comments
TV, too, hastened to apologize and to issue a statement.
We sincerely regret that these statements were made, and that they were allowed to go on the air.
Yesterday evening, we acted quickly to apologize to our viewers live and our subscribers on social networks.
Let's be very clear, comments Byron belonged to plovchihi speech, rather than as a person.
And yet, it was inappropriate and a bad choice of words, and Byron very much regrets that said.
On Thursday afternoon, McDonald apologized live and attempted to clarify his comments, saying that he did not think that his words will interpret as an attack on the person.
"I would like to take a moment to apologize for a comment that I made last night after the women's relay race," he said at the broadcast of the Olympic Games on CBC '.
"I talked about the speech plovchihi and not about her personally."
"It goes without saying that does not mean no disrespect, and I am very sorry."
The buyer Primark insulted a woman who shamelessly primeryala underwear in the middle of the shop
Buyers do not know where to look, when a woman were to try on the pants on the floor with shops in the middle of the Primark.
Even worse, she primerila as she looked at them, taking them and put back on the shelf.
She continued to search for and eventually pomerila four pairs of underwear in the store in Folkstone Bouverie Place shopping centre.
Shop Primark in Folkstone Bouverie Place Shopping Centre, where a woman primeryala knitted panties before putting them back on the shelf
The mother of two children Jenny Davidson, which was at that time in the shop, said that after the 'shopping around' underwear mysterious woman dressed again and left the store without buying anything. "
She said: "People could not believe that they have seen."
Standing in the middle of the trade hall, she took a pair of panties with windows, withdrew their own tights and shorts and wore them.
"She has not tried to find somewhere for a quiet place to do this - it just stood there, besstsjaa."
"All swiveled when she lifted the panties again, and they obviously didn't like it, because she put them back on the shelf."
She did the same with three other pairs before finally decided that there is nothing that she would have liked, dressed again and went out.
"It does not appear that she cared who was watching, or what she thought about a man who eventually will buy these cowards who she primeryala."
33 hletng Jenny Davidson from Kent, said: "It's disgusting to think that someone is going to take home the cowards that someone else already wore, but they were not 09."
The accident happened on Tuesday afternoon.
Davidson added: "I am convinced that the staff seemed to be trying to remove these garments from sale after she went away - well, so much the better."
"I would not want to come home with a new pair of women's cowards and discover that another woman wore and removed them, and they were not 09."
Primark spokesman said: "Primark is aware of the incident, which happened in our shop in Folkstone on Tuesday 9 August."
All of the goods in question were removed from sale.
How to protect yourself from attacks with a pistol, using self Maga
The world around them is dangerous, but this video from Dailymail.com may help to make it a little bit safer for you.
We talked with Ron Mizrachi, Master of the Federation of self Maga in New York to find out how to deal with armed robbers at a short distance.
Whether you are suitable for the front or back, this video will show you how to beat the robber the same weapon.
If you are coming from the rear, according to Mizrachi, the first thing to do is to turn around so that you saw the attacker and 'released' line of fire.
Then you compress the pistol tightly between your left forearm and shoulder before hitting them in a free elbow.
Then there is the knee in the groin, and as long as the attacker bends from pain, you Vykrucivaete pistol from his hand, hit him in the face with the barrel and retire, holding weapons conducted on him.
For an armed, suitable at the front, the method is similar to remove his body from the line of fire, quickly vykrutite shvatite pistol and it so that the villain could not shoot.
At the same time, move the weight of the pistol and evenly attacker punched in the chest, then vevernete pistol from his grip before back off and focus on him.
Sounds difficult?
Check out the video to see how this makes the Mizrachi.
But remember that the safest way out of any robbery - if you don't master self Maga is to pay their cash.
In order to guide the traveler Ian Wright conducts his language on the most polluted places in Europe
The British traveler has its own immune system and dear reflex tested, licking some of the most filthy and ugly places in Europe.
The moderator and author of books on travel, Jan Wright, 51, from Suffolk, held a language on the back of Euro, perilam Piccadilly Circus, toilet flushing button on the train and the Russian public phone to prove because of his immune system.
Before I lick it every object, he used luminometr to show themselves and us, in which he breaks.
But the experiment, which should be a movie called "traveler - Lizuna Guide to Inner Sil," gave some amazing results.
The idea that the liznute flushing button on the train, enjoyed by thousands of others, can be extremely obnoxious, but in fact there are more bad bacteria in the kitchen sink.
Throughout the visit to Europe, Wright talked with doctors and health professionals to increase the intestinal bacteria and his own health.
Fortunately, none of oblizannogo has not brought him more than a bad taste in the mouth.
Wright became known thanks to the test on the strength of his intestines, traveling around the world and eating strange and amazing things.
From the public railings at railway stations to toilet flushing buttons, this task will certainly experienced his immune system
In the film, which he withdrew, he said: "Since childhood I was completely carefree towards their health and I procrastinated a lot of different things in the mouth of the earth, eating worms and dirty water."
He certainly proved its reputation at the time of the film.
The only thing he refused - the dirty Russian public toilet.
His trial stroke demonstrated the importance of luminometra in excess of 4,000 units.
For comparison: Just unwashed hands must be under 60.
But there was one Russian public toilet, which he refused to lick after the value of his luminometra was more than 4,000 units, whereas just unwashed hands show less than 60
Wright and the Finnish dairy Valio "); film producer on Puteshestvennike titled" Guide to Lizuna traveler on Inner Sil, "which shows the number of bacteria in different places, for example in the toilet
In the film, he said: "It's close to one of the worst things that I sniffed in the toilet."
There is nothing more dirty than it!
I'm not going to lick anything, because it is abominable.
"Traveler's Guide to Inner Lizuna Sil" was filmed along with the lowest Finnish producer of dairy products.
The company has provided Wright lowest Gefilus, which contains fermented milk bacteria, as well as vitamins C and D, to help accelerate the growth of intestinal bacteria and develop the immune system.
Lowest Senior Vice President for splendid juices and new categories of Nico Vuorenmaa said: 'We really wanted to offer something new to consumers.
The fact that it would be interesting to see and at the same time, to explain the benefits of probiotics.
We had a brainstorm that led to the idea of "let's call Jan."
They argue that interest in the health of the intestines is becoming a global phenomenon
Instead of just talking about products, we wanted to put them in a larger context: The good and bad bacteria in our everyday environment, the importance of colon health and how it relates to the immune system.
The growing interest in the health of the intestines is a global phenomenon, and with the help of this documentary film, we were able to provide consumers with more information about this in an interesting way.
I also think that the film shows that we have a good sense of humor!
The Minister, who was the director of the film, added: 'Let's say: I would have lost respect for Jan if he oblizal some things I requested, such as the disgusting Russian toilets, which is shown in the film. "
Of course, some things Jan it was easier to lick it and some were quite rigid.
I am glad that some of these oblizyvaniy we managed to film. "
In a survey conducted by the lowest in 2015, 84 per cent of respondents had fermented milk bacteria exclusively with the good condition of the stomach and intestines, while 58 per cent said that they consume at least sometimes, products containing added milk bacteria.
The family hooligans destroyed Saltash, Municipal House of Cornwall, on the eve of eviction
The hooligans left its municipal home with losses of £50,000, after they were evicted for the intimidation of its neighbors.
Tanya Skeldon and her partner Sean Trebilcoca kicked out of their real estate in Saltash, Cornwall, after a long list of complaints against them.
After they were forcibly evicted from the property, shockirovane officials housing construction cooperatives have found this property in a state that requires repair.
The walls were left with gaping loopholes, surfaces were opened, debris was rassepan on the floor and the walls were covered in graffiti.
The family is now moved and is expected to live in a private apartment
Donna McAvoy rasselitel in Cornwall Housing, said that she is afraid that he is not saved.
She said: "It was an absolute nightmare for people here, and I don't think people should live that way.
There are many things that need to be weighed, because this property will probably be known as not a very good aspect of Cornwall.
This family is notorious, and their name is notorious.
The couple's three sons who lived in a real estate site from time to time, and the police said that the kingdom of terror caused by the family included fights in the street with baseball bats, intimidation of nearby residents, drug use, drug trafficking, excessive screams, disputes and curses.
Skeldon, 47, whose name was on the lease, has received a warrant for antisocial behaviour in June.
In several rooms in the home, which can be demolished, found the old trash
Planks of sex in the house, in which the drugs were sold in the past, were plucked
Neighbors say they saw fights on the street and had called the police on a regular basis
Cornwall Housing forcibly evicted from the home she and her partner this week, after they were granted an extended period of 11 weeks for voluntary departure.
Eviction with relief was welcomed by neighbors who said that their lives have been turned into a living hell.
One said: 'They are not inflamed nobody'.
We lived next to them for 20 years, and this was always bad.
The number of times when we saw the police here, incredibly.
"This morning we could not sleep."
We got up because it was so quiet here - we are not accustomed to this!
Now, when they finally left, everything will be fine.
Adam Fitzpatrick, Head of the Neighbourhood Management Team Cornwall Housing, said that the family has not been able to cooperate with local authorities.
The family lived in the house for 20 years, with the police, and was regularly summoned to the police
Debris and old toys were scattered below the side of the Municipal House
He added: "It is a shame that the lessee has failed to take any responsibility for the conduct of her and her family, as well as eviction is always the last action method, which examines Cornwall Housing.
It was a very difficult case, because the behavior was the limit, and their actions must have been horrifying for her watching neighbours.
I appreciate all the work that has invested my team, the police and members of the community of Devon and Cornwall, who bravely spoke to give us information.
I hope that this development will provide a little solace neighbors and send a signal that the asocial behavior will not be tolerated.
Fitzpatrick reported that all three sons lived in the house at different times, but said that all of them were a little bit more then 20.
Dirty mattress left on the floor in one of the bedrooms at home after eviction
Resettlement workers will now need to remove the piles of garbage, which surrounds the house
In 2014, the police made a search of the home and found more than 70 grams of cannabis, as well as scales, related supplies and £1,700 in cash.
Skeldon was fined after he pleaded guilty to possession of a Class B drug with the aim of supply.
She said that the money went to pay for headstones for her son, Lee Skeldona, who died in a car accident in 2013.
After being made homeless, there is evidence that Tanya and her partner now live in Plymouth.
The walls of many rooms in the house were covered in graffiti across the surface.
The police said that they will try to evict tenants who are not subject to the rules of the lease
Angela Crowe, of Devon and Cornwall Police, said that the eviction would send a clear warning to other tenants, who continue to violate the rules.
"This is a message for those who feel that they can behave without the prosecutor's charges, as well as those who harms this behavior," she said.
Criminal and antisocial behaviour will never be tolerated by the police, Devon and Cornwall, which will continue to work with partners to protect our community.
Tourists in Portugal came in horror when nizcoleting military aircraft, barely touched the beach
In the city of Aveiro in Portugal, tourists, obojatie soak up the sunshine, terribly scared for their lives
Aircraft P 3C Orion Portuguese Air Force flew incredibly low
The Air Force reported that he was a training flight, but insisted on the absence of risk to security
This is the moment when frightened tourists are beginning to panic, while the time when nizcoleting spikiroval aircraft over the crowded beach.
The dramatic images visible military aircraft, flying almost at touching distance from the hunters on a strip of sand in Aveiro, northern Portugal.
Vacationers povskakivali on their feet as soon as they are understandably concerned about the plane's engine noise, but without the ability to see what is moving in their direction through the clouds.
The incident occurred yesterday evening near the town of Aveiro in Costa Nova.
Daniel Fernandes, one of the few campers who published a video of the shocking passage in social networks, said: "It flew quite low twice, and there was a time, at some point, it seemed that he was going to crash."
Nuno Arroja added: "I was surfing and I swear it was the feeling that the aircraft is about to fall on me."
Tourists on the beach of Aveiro were terribly frightened when the plane appeared from the mist and flying at an extremely low altitude
The Portuguese Air Force said today that the pilot of the plane P 3C Orion performed a training flight in order to detect fishing vessels off the coast, and was forced to drop so low, as it was the only way to test them.
The pilot said that the aircraft flew a little lower than usual due to lack of visibility caused by smoke from nearby burning forests, but the Air Force insisted that no one was exposed to danger.
This summer forest fires caused damage to the mainland Portugal, and also claimed the lives of four people on the island of Madeira.
The Portuguese Air Force made a statement today that the pilot had to fly so low due to circumstances - dense fog and smog from forest fires, which have worsened the appearance
The aircraft performed a training flight and the pilot was instructed to discover fishing boats as part of the quests
"HACCP" system for more than a year is mandatory for catering, but most of the cafes and restaurants of St. Petersburg it is not yet implemented.
Checks are becoming more active, and businesses face fines of up to 1 million rubles.
For more than a year of the Hazard Analysis and Critical Control Points (HACCP, HACCP in Russian version) - risk analysis and critical control points - is mandatory to use the manufacturers and carriers of food, as well as companies in the field of catering in Russia, as a member of the Customs Union (CU).
Business Rospotrebnadzor checks for compliance with these standards in St. Petersburg began in February 2015.
But as long as officials issued fines only for certain violations of the rules (see "List of documents...").
Failure to comply with same rules as a whole will cost the company $600 thousand rubles for the first offence and 1 million rubles - for a second.
HACCP is a system that takes into account the risks when working with food and prevent them, invented in the USA in the 1960s.
Then, it was the safety of food for astronauts.
Now, the system is used on all food enterprises, not only in the US but also in Canada, and the European Union.
From February 2015, HACCP operates on the territory of the TC.
On the development and implementation of the business was 4 years (HACCP requirement appeared in tehreglamente TC in 2011).
However, businessmen and officials acknowledge that most companies have not even heard about this rule.
Unfortunately, we have long been confident that the rule only applies to food industries, rather than restaurateurs, "explained Elena Tsereteli, head of the Public Council.
Now all are trying to catch up.
Expected duration of the resumption of charter flights to Turkey - end of August - beginning of September.
But they will not cause panic buying, because their target audience - families with children - are already preparing for school, say experts.
An alliance of tourism agencies yesterday sent a letter to the Government to now authorize charters.
"For many Russian tourists question the selection of quality and affordable recreation sea is insoluble, because the resorts of Krasnodar Krai and the Republic of Crimea, the majority of accommodation facilities are already booked until the end of September," note the authors of the letter and emphasize that the opening of charters in August did not significantly affect the already existing demand for Russian naval tourist product.
As reported in the Northwest regional office of the Russian Union of Tourism (PCT), in case the aviation authorities of Russia and Turkey quickly agree, the resumption of charter flights to Turkey can be expected within a month.
A clear understanding of when the earth will be renewed, as long as no, it depends primarily on the aviation authorities.
Technically can fly planes in September, even August if tour operators promptly vystroyat program and agree with airlines on the right in the direction of the sides, "says Pavel Rumyantsev, Deputy Director for Communications and international projects Northwestern Regional Office of the PCT.
According to him, the possible resumption of charters - good news, but not too will affect the balance of power in the market, because the main buyers of charter tours - families with children - have already returned to rest and prepare for school or spend a holiday in other countries.
In the velvet season buy tours mainly single travelers and couples.
Charter programs can count on those who have the opportunity to relax spontaneously, "says Pavel Rumyantsev.
"Turkey has a chance to attract many tourists, if it now will be a very budget proposals - 50 to 60 thousand rubles for a tour for two people, because there are people who are waiting for a very cheap tours," says Valeria Rosenthal, CEO of travel agency Optio - Travel.
Otherwise, count on the hype is not exactly - the bulk of the trips are already planned.
Pavel Rumyantsev also believes that because the regular flights to Turkey, the demand is, charters, too, will be in demand, but the craze is not worth waiting for.
"The launch of charters for Turkey now - it is a preview of next season," said Pavel Rumyantsev.
"The opening of charters in Turkey is positive news for the next season," Valeria Rubtsova agrees.
The tax code provides for the PIT exemption established by the legislation of compensation payments within the approved norms related to reimbursement of damage caused by injury or other injury to health.
The issuance of employees who work in hazardous conditions, milk on the standards under article 222 of the Labour Code.
But the rules and conditions for issuing installed from MHSD Order No. 45н 16.02.2009.
According to this document, free issuance of milk or equivalent food products are employees in the days of actual employment to work in harmful conditions, due to the harmful factors of production in the workplace.
Based on these rules, the Federal Tax Service of Russia in the present letter concluded that pursuant to para. 2, Clause 3, Article 217 of the Tax Code are exempt from taxes on personal income tax revenues in the form of the value of milk obtained by employees in the days of actual employment to work in harmful conditions, in accordance with the Norms and the conditions approved by Order No. 45н MHSD on 16.02.2009.
The Moscow "Gazstroybank" left without a license.
On Friday, August 12, 2016, the Central Bank of Russia withdrew a license to conduct banking transactions from the credit organization Share Commercial Bank "GAZSTROYBANK" registered in Moscow.
According to the regulator, JSC JSCB "GAZSTROYBANK" conducted riskovannuu credit policies related to the placement of money in subprime assets.
Adequate assessment of the risks at the request of the supervisory authority and accurate reflection of the value of the assets of the bank led to the emergence of the credit organization reason to implement measures to prevent bankruptcy.
In addition, credit organization was involved in a dubious transit operations.
In the bank appointed the interim administration valid until the appointment of the administrator or liquidator.
The powers of the executive bodies of the credit organization in accordance with federal laws suspended.
JSC JSCB "GAZSTROYBANK" - participant of the deposit insurance system.
It should be reminded that the payment of insurance compensation bank depositors, including individual entrepreneurs, in accordance with the Federal Law No. 177 - FZ "On insurance of deposits of individuals in the banks of the Russian Federation" is provided for in the amount of 100% of the balance, but not more than 1.4 million rubles in aggregate per depositor.
Payments, according to the Deposit Insurance Agency, will begin no later than August 26, 2016.
According to reports, the value of the assets of JSC JSCB "GAZSTROYBANK" on August 1, 2016 took 335 place in the banking system of the Russian Federation.
The London schoolgirl, who joined the ISIS, died in Syria
Cadiz Sultan, one of the three British schoolgirls who left London last year to join the ISIS reportedly died in Syria.
Lawyer Tasneem Akundji stated that her family learned of her death in Raqqa, Syria, a few weeks ago.
It is assumed that she was killed by a Russian air strike in Raqqa, the stronghold of factions in the country, according to ITV News on Thursday.
Sultan was 17 years old, and, according to her family, she died at a time when planned to leave a war torn country and to return to England.
"One can only hope that the only advantage of it all - as a headstone and a testament to others that it is those risks described in the trip to a war zone - dissuading people ever to make the same choices," said Akundji.
In February 2015, Sultan and the other two schoolgirls from east London got on the plane to Turkey, and then on a bus to the Syrian border.
The family center was told that she married ISIS militants in Syria and became a widow for several months.
Reed states that Clinton will remain loyal to Garlandu as candidate for the post of the Supreme Judges in the case of election
The leader of the Democrats in the Senate, Harry Reid said that he is convinced that the democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton will nominate Judge Merrick Garland to the Supreme Court if elected as president.
Senate Republicans blocked the confirmation of Garland, the President Barack Obama nominees include it in March.
Head of the group of the majority in the Senate, Mitch McConnell says that the next president will choose the man who will be able to replace the last Supreme Court judge Antonin Scalia.
Reed said during a conference call on Thursday that he predicts that Clinton will choose Garland "with some degree of certainty."
Reed spokeswoman later said that he had not spoken with Clinton directly whether she nominate Garland, and simply built assumptions.
He praised Garland and said that Clinton's team didn't want to "rock the boat" with a new choice.
Garland - Chief Justice of the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia.
Reid said that the Republicans who are blocking nomination Garland, this "agents" and "accomplices" of the Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump.
He stated that Trump is not suitable for the post.
Treats states that erotic calendars for 'women, as well as for men "
The magazine treats collaborates with photographer David Bellmerom to release a calendar for 2017, inspired by Pirelli in the 1970 "s.
But instead of nude celebrities, they wanted to find the next generation of top models for its calendar for 2017 with muzami naked.
The president treats Steve Shaw told us earlier this year that his magazine with a large number of nude models differs from the fusty Playboy, because "Playboy - for men."
I'm doing it for women.
Obviously, he thinks that the calendar too.
"We need to return to demonstrate the eternal and classic bare shapes, where women as well as men, feel comfortable and widohnovlnno these images of women's bodies," said Shaw in a press release, the outlawing of the calendar.
Women want to be a part of this project, because it is a wonderful work of art.
Models can submit photos online or in person at open castingah in Los Angeles and New York.
The Muscovites will hand out leaflets on unscrupulous online retailers.
In Moscow are going to issue a notice that will tell you how not to become a victim of online store.
This was reported in Rospotrebnadzore, writes M24.
It is reported that agency specialists are preparing a checklist that will help people choose the right online store and detect possible fraudulent schemes.
The concept of this booklet includes several sections.
It will be a background and legislative framework, the rules of the delivery of goods, how to protect their legal rights.
In the annex will be given advice on how to correctly compile a claim and so on, "he told the Rospotrebnadzore.
To date is being finalized.
Subsequently, it will be posted on the website of Rospotrebnadzor in Moscow, also plans to release a printed version and distribute to the Muscovites.
Russia's Foreign Ministry issued a statement describing the name of the second suspect in the organization of sabotage in Crimea.
Detained persons from among the citizens of Ukraine and Russia, who has assisted in the preparation of terrorist acts.
Among them is Evgeny Aleksandrovich Panov and Zahtei Andrei Romanovich.
"They all give a confession," reads the message.
Formerly a resident of Zaporozhye region Evgeniy Panov, who was detained on suspicion of organizing terrorist attacks in Crimea, confessed during questioning.
FAS oshtrafuet Google at 438 million rubles.
Russia's Federal Antimonopoly Service (FAS) has appointed an administrative fine on Google Corporation of $438 million rubles, says the department's website.
"Fine for Google for violating the antimonopoly legislation amounted to 438 million rubles.
We hope that the company will perform our decision and will pay a fine in the near future, "said Alexey Dotsenko, Deputy Head of the FAS.
During the investigation, the FAS found that Google is supplying manufacturers of smartphones, which are sold on the territory of Russia, the Google Play app store only on condition that the device will be installed, and other corporate applications.
Among these applications is and the search engine, which should be posted on the main screen of the smartphone.
Thus, the corporation violates paragraph 1 of article 10 of the Federal Law "On Protection of Competition" (abuse of dominance).
We are confident that the order will provide an opportunity for the development of competition in the mobile software market in Russia, which have a positive impact on our customers.
The Law "On Protection of Competition" must be respected by all companies whose products are supplied to the territory of the Russian Federation, and transnational corporations including, "said the head of the regulation of communications and information technology, FAS Russia Elena Zaeva.
The agency suspects in collusion 16 Russian shops.
Network of "New Book" was fined for selling a book "50 days before my suicide."
A network of shops "New Book" fined for selling books Stace Kramer "50 days before my suicide," said urban news agency "Moscow."
As reported in the Rospotrebnadzore, without specifying the amount of the fine, the text of the book can be seen as "provoking or motivating suicidal children and adolescents."
Ostankinsky District Court confirmed the violation of the requirements of the distribution among children information products and decided to appoint a fine with the confiscation of 49 copies printed products, seized control of Rospotrebnadzor.
Source in the "New book" confirmed that it is a piece of Stace Kramer.
In March of this year, it was reported that in the largest bookstores in Moscow are checking on the availability of the book "50 days before my suicide."
In Moscow will take place the evening of memory Ernst Unknown.
In Moscow will take place the evening of memory of the sculptor Ernst Unknown, according to TASS.
The event will take place on August 15 at the Central House writers.
Unfortunately, not everyone will be able to say goodbye to Neizvestnym in the US personally.
Therefore, it was decided to arrange this evening for those who want to remember him in their native land, "- said the press service of the Russian Jewish Congress.
There noted that it is important for the widow of the sculptor Anna Graham and his friends around the world.
In the evening, invited close friends to the Unknown, including poet Yevgeny Yevtushenko, artist Boris Messerer, president of the Pushkin Museum of Fine Arts. Pushkin, Irina Antonova, the director Marc Rozovsky, as well as the Minister of Culture of Russia Vladimir the Madina, Head of the Department of Culture of Moscow Alexander Kibovsky, Deputy Mayor of Moscow Leonid Officer.
Earlier it was reported that the relatives of Ernst Unknown are planning to hold a memorial service for a sculptor in New York, presumably until August 14.
Final consumer of vinyl: Who actually buys the disc?
Single men middle aged love vinyl.
And as long as you're not rushed to clog comments section gross insults under the pseudonym NeVseOdinokieMenSrednihLet, this assertion derives from the actual data.
According to pollsters YouGov, so much discussed the revival of the gills is not due to a boom among the generation of 2000s who want to embrace the novelty of a material object, and nostalgia.
Those who have recently bought a lot album c likely are aged between 45 and 54, according to the data.
What's more, those who belongs to the age group of 18 to 24 years, the least plausible.
It is also not simply an act of gathering amateurs - there is emotional meaning: More senior buyers of vinyl with a few more likely to keep their feelings to themselves (56% vs. 53%) and enjoy solitude (69% vs. 66%).
But are the results of pollsters YouGov correct?
If this blog was a television news reportage, the camera would follow me until I walked to the center of the lively streets of Soho, in a modest grey suit and lush gesticulating before the stop, Folding hands and saying something impressive like: "So, let's see."
So, let's take a look.
While the heart of Soho slowly loses its charm and dirt - hotels, cafes, shops Paperchase now gobbled up a building once occupied by independent sellers - a few music shops with fantastic professionals still remain.
I would probably ask the camera to stop for the next scene, in which I am close to a variety of people in some of the shops and try to assess their age and emotions with the help of observation.
Born in Glasgow, Stewart, 55 years, during which I walked from Sister Ray (counting data: Two young women, three men middle aged) to Reckless Records (data count: Eight middle aged men, one woman, probably over 20 years) in London for half a day to hold a meeting, while walking and shopping, to take a few hours.
He's a collector, I ask?
"I believe that, yes," he says.
I have about 3,000 or 4,000 discs.
These plates pictured above (he sent me an email photo, I have not followed him to the home), run lines on the walls of his living room.
The reason for the acquisition of such a huge number of albums and singles partly from his disposable income: He can now buy the plates, which he could not afford when they first came out and buy items that he sold when he was young and grounded.
"Much of what I get is the end of the 1960s, the beginning of the 1970s, the things that came out when I was 11 or 12, the things for which I was probably too young to buy," he says.
He agreed that those who buy the disc, most likely introverts who enjoy their own company, adding: "I don't smoke, I don't drink very much.
This is my fault.
Wez, 25 years old, who works in the Sister Ray, also believes that many clients, whom he meets, presents the profile of pollsters YouGov.
However, he noticed a new wave of people under the influence of hype in the media, people who heard about the return and felt compelled to buy back their old albums.
Judging by the conversations that I had, people got rid of their collections, usually in about 1998 or 1999.
Clients who once sold their vinyl to buy CDs, now sell their CDs to buy their albums, "he says.
This may explain the boom among figures of the vinyl revival of a certain age.
But what about the alleged emotional importance of the gills?
Enough to hold a few seconds in the shop, such as the Phonica to understand that shopping plates offer a comfortable society of people with similar views.
According to Weza, some more senior clients, in particular, insulting cashless payment system.
Some of the vinyl lovers can feel the shock from the digital world and preferred to retire to the permanence of acquaintances envelopes for the gills, objects that awaken memories of relaxing countryside adolescence.
"I think that sometimes it can be a filling of emptiness or the possession of material things as a kind of consolation," said Wez.
Because I am a collector, I have this, and I think that many people too.
This is a simple way to take his head.
"We as their social workers!," "said colleague from a rack of discs.
ICM poll in April showed that almost 50% of people who bought a lot album last month, has yet to listen to it.
The survey also found that 41 per cent of a player, which they never enjoyed, while 7% of those who buy vinyl, there is no record player.
At this stage of the news broadcast, I would probably looked seriously yes, leafing through the stack of digests Bosano ́ wa.
"Recovered" aspect of rebirth is something noticed Johnny, 42 years old, who works in the Sounds of the Universe (counting data: Three men middle aged).
"Someone came recently and said:" I don't have a record player, but I want to buy the Radiohead album that we were able to put her to his regiment, "he said.
This is not a high percentage, but it definitely happens.
More of izdella, less music.
We have people who say: "I do not have a record player."
This is more young people who are not older, they are a little less than twenty, which only become acquainted with it.
The Fopp, now took almost the entire floor vinilu, a much more diverse audience when I arrive.
There are a couple of over 70, tourists who are photographed, adolescent boys and middle aged women.
Although the atmosphere is more relaxed than in the shops - the last sint and sexy pop Wild Beast, rather than the jazz improvisation, is filtered through the columns - it's nice to see the diversity of their customers.
None of them looks particularly lonely, but excruciating psychological trauma is difficult to establish 30 seconds standing next to someone.
Eleanor, 27 years old, Fopp went out for a few minutes, considering different plates available for sale.
She was staring at the goods and not spend money.
She did not earn much, according to her, therefore, to collect the disc is not a suitable option.
It is expensive.
To listen to music on a computer or other device - simply, but the beauty of vinyl is... "she immersed in dreams with a sigh, filled with love.
I don't know how to explain - it is truly unique.
My last stop of this shop, which is said to have contributed to the emergence of a new generation of vinyl lovers: Modniki city.
As long as I create the illusion that I look at 50 pant shorts, I watch a group of teenage girls, every minute gather around a Polaroid camera, before a father and his daughter will begin to discuss the purchase of Crosley player.
On the left is the staircase, the wall which ustavlena albums Adele, Jeff Buckley, Amy Winehouse and Fleetwood Mack: A mixture of modern style and classic, binding plates for any secondary collections.
No one is looking - perhaps because they are simply decoration, some are so high on the wall, that it would be impossible to touch them.
This is a real "artistic vinyl."
But, given that any attention to these subjects can mean more money for the industry and send a few clients in the outback Soho for a while, almost can't complain.
It is not surprising that the layer of the population, who are more likely than most have more time and money than most - this is the layer that spends most of the money on luxury items, such as vinyl.
But as long as my findings show that the results of pollsters YouGov are accurate, at least in the record shops of Soho, they do not exclude the existence of a huge number of female collectors and registered members of vinyl that exist in reality, in the shops of the gills and on online forums.
These people are probably at work in school or office.
But they clearly did not spend Thursday morning, walking down the shopping plates at the Berwick Street, leafing through the plates and avoiding unpleasant views of 30 years of false lead, which hangs over the shoulders of unsuspecting men in middle age.
Greenland shark is the most dolgozhivutee pozvonocnoe animal - video
Scientists say that the Greenland shark has the highest life expectancy of all vertebrates on the planet.
Julius Nielsen, who is studying these sharks, declares that the record has a female age from 272 to 512 years and five metres in length
French court rejects the proposal to demolish shops in the Jungle refugee camp
A French court rejected the proposal of the authorities of Calais to demolish dozens of makeshift shops and restaurants in Camp Jungle, where thousands of refugees are living.
The court hearings this week, the authorities of Calais argued that the state should be able to demolish a total of 72 improvised shops where people inside the camp sell goods, from cigarettes to energy drinks, offer or sell tea for almost 50 cents (40р) or simple dishes for a few euros in makeshift restaurants.
Prefecture of Calais it was that these places should be demolished because they are a parallel economy that does not pay taxes, and because they are fire and health risks.
The humanitarian group, told the court that shops and restaurants are vitally necessary, arguing that the free meals offered by the government's Association and other groups, does not make enough food for the growing numbers in the camp.
They suggested that the makeshift shops and restaurants often provide shelter and free food to those who need it.
Lille Court ruled that there was no lawful reason to kick out the people of Governors 72 improvised shops, but said that the problem of the Prefecture of Calais "were fully understood."
Judge Jean François Molla said that dry grocery, cafes and restaurants have played a much greater role than just feeding people who "live in precarious conditions."
He said that the space provided a tranquil meeting point of refugees and volunteers.
One of the seats, which was under threat of demolition, it was a children's cafe Jungle Book at the camp, which is not for profit and offers 200 meals a day, English and French language and consultations to provide refuge for hundreds of vulnerable unaccompanied minors in the camp.
More than 170,000 people have signed a petition to protect children's cafe.
A letter sent to the Guardian stated that the closure "would be a disaster for these children, some of whom are below the age of eight years."
Two charitable institutions, Assistance to Refugees and L'Auberge des Migrants on Friday estimated that number at Camp Jungle has grown and more than 9,000 people - the highest in history - after a sharp increase in new arrivals during the summer.
Neighbourhood libraries are inviting young svobodnenzev on cognitive programmes.
This week, libraries and affiliates will hold meetings on the Day of the city, the Year of Russian cinema and even fizculturnika Day.
Programmes aimed at children, therefore, for the most part, will take place in a playful manner.
Today, August 10, a library and a branch No. 2, zalineynom district, invites you to cruise my presentation "Gorodok is small."
On August 11 in the library - a branch of local lore will be No. 1 hour "I live in this city, I know this city."
In the library - a branch of # 2 on the same day, there will be a multimedia lesson with the fate of the Earth's "mother."
But in the library - a branch of No. 4 in Surajevke - 's program "Film, film, film."
On Sunday, August 14, for the guys from the northern district library - a branch of # 3 will hold game "Physcult - Hello!."
Britain stops on the silver in the rugby sevens after a master class Fiji allows them to take gold
An impressive series of Great Britain in the Rugby 7 was crushingly stopped at the final obstacle the team of Fiji in the finals on Thursday evening when they were completely defeated 43 to 7 at Deodoro Stadium here in Rio.
Fiji gave a master class in possession of the ball, raspasovke, ucloneniam, support for games, probeganii lines and brute force to win gold - their first Olympic medal of any colour.
The defeat came with not too poor consolation in the form of silver - the third in Britain in a day - and they can be proud of its efforts in the first Olympic tournament in Rugby - 7, in which the path defeated New Zealand, Argentina and South Africa.
Painful beating Boks, 7 to 5 in the semifinals earlier in the day, could return to adversely affect them in the finale.
But, notwithstanding that, in the form of Fiji won the best team of 15 people.
It may be some consolation for the UK - but probably not - that at least one Briton hangs tomorrow at the neck of the gold medal: Head coach of Fiji - Ben Ryan, a former chief of England from Wimbledon.
It has been some journey to Great Britain.
Eight years ago, under Ryan, they lost every game at the Adelaide Sevens.
Here, they lost only one.
These attacks will cause pain, but the progress is striking.
Fiji started superbly, for fun beating Britain's attempts to intercept the ball.
It was a stumble on a convoy moving buses for Captain Tom Mitchell and the company, and the champions of the World Series went up 5 - 0, when osea Kolinisau dived into a corner.
With four minutes on the clock Jerrir Tuway added another touchdown on the right flank, which was realized.
12 - 0 and the UK barely touched the ball.
Magnificent attempt to intercept Mitchell withheld rights to Mount Leon Nakaravu from to score a third, but it is only a delay of Fiji.
In the seventh minute of Jasa Veremalua made a touchdown in the right corner, and the UK has lost 17 - 0.
Nakarava added another after the resumption and the clock was still more than a minute... in the first half.
Vatemo Ravovo then ran through a few large interception of Great Britain and the storm picked up the line to get the point.
The realization led to 29 to 0 during the break.
It looked as if Fiji were born to play in the rugby sevens, while Britain is still possessed by craft.
That is largely true.
The UK has massively substitute for half of the game, and they zacuporili Fijian dam... on all four minutes, which by the standards of the first half was good until he passed Joshua Tuisova after several brilliant Fijian interactions.
Dan Norton grabbed an attempt to Great Britain, making touchdown in the left corner to score a 36 to 7, but the game has long been on the road to the South Sea islanders, whose fans were singing, waving flags and danced in the stands.
It was impossible not to admire the full joy of Fiji's approach.
William Mata have embellished the Fijian cake, which is not needed in polishing, yet another attempt in the last seconds.
There was a whistle, Fijians hugged, and Britain fell on the lawn, totally defeated.
Earlier in the day, Fiji defeated Japan from 20 to 5 in the semifinals, and the UK is a little toured South Africa in the tense semifinal one attempts to everyone - the difference British implementation.
Kyle Brown displays the Boks ahead in the first half, but Dan Norton with the help of some excellent work legs broke the line and scored under the beams in the second half.
A brilliant interception last attempt from Marcus Watson, brother of 15 in the direction of the England team, Anthony, ensured victory - and ultimately the silver medal.
Helen Glover and Heather Stanning inspired to victory in the rowing coach struggle with cancer
There will be no more exciting gold at these games, and it is about something said.
From the first to the last movement, 220 heavy booms in history, Helen Glover and Heather Stanning found additional value of their golden moment at the Estacio da Lagoa.
Although they were the two who were pulling an oar in the boat had three voices, echo coach Robin Williams has always been as long as they were eager for the second consecutive Olympic gold in the women's pairs, the first woman in the annals of British sport that have reached such heights.
Their superiority was absolute, in the end it was their 39th nepobejdennoe statement, again unprecedented.
What we can see, two brilliant sportswomen sliding on the surface of the elegant swans, does not fully reflect the nature of the triumph.
For each gold rowing battalion ready hands conducive to incremental victories that are important, and there are no hands, which were more important than the hands of a coach who 30 months ago, when he was diagnosed with cancer, did not know whether he would live to see this day.
As he said, it was a dangerous thing.
I had bladder cancer, which is one of the fact that they can operate, and they did it.
If they do not, he goes everywhere.
This could be a bad situation.
It is slightly alters your species for the future.
Williams was diagnosed with in December 2013.
The trio was lucky that he could begin treatment at the beginning of 2014, in the low season, while maintaining the gap graphics minimal, if this can be the correct expression in circumstances such as these.
I needed to pay, so I needed to popravlate quickly.
It was the incentive.
I was in the hospital and went out to detach - 20 feet, 30 feet, 50 feet at a time, although they said it was quite a few steps.
Here's how it starts.
Rowing is a journey in itself, but it makes it a little more.
In the next moment after winning their first thoughts were on Williams and who spent a nervous morning, talking a little more than usual, in an attempt to overcome their own feelings.
Stanning, Captain Artillery Regiment with the service in Afghanistan, said: "I was emotional razvalinoy this week, perhaps it's a bit too much, but it means so much."
This only confirms how much it means to me, how much I and Helen worked, and Robin too.
It was a fantastic three years with Helen and Robin.
Without Robin we would be nobodies, so many thanks to him, he's the best coach in the world.
And I could not ask for a better partner for workout or trenere best.
Helen Glover and Heather Stanning has not lost a single race for five years.
The couple sets a busy rhythm that their competitors could never match.
Even in the last 500 meters, when a team of New Zealand and Denmark began to approach, Stanning and Glover have too much in stock.
We were heavily in phase.
Helen screamed: 'Stay in the process, stay in the process. "
Now, it is very important not to get.
We had a good start, and at the same time, we are not trying to do something amazing.
We have not waited for the fireworks today, we only waited that we can paddle well and go out and win the race, which we did.
Pair will take a year to decide its future.
Glover needs to be at the wedding next month, on its own with television invites Steve Bekshollom.
Now she wants to just enjoy the moment.
I didn't want to say that this is my last race.
It would mean too much pressure.
In London, it took about six months to realize that I was the Olympic Games.
All this was so new, and I was so hammer.
Here it took about four minutes.
I feel so much better, "she said.
The Government has extended the deadline for the destruction of the sanctions
The Government has extended until the end of 2017 deadline for destruction of foods prohibited imports to Russia.
The order signed by Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev, it is published in the official legal information portal.
Embargo against the countries that have introduced anti-Russian sanctions because of the situation in Ukraine, was introduced in our country in August 2014.
Subsequently, the ban was repeatedly renewed, he now is valid until December 31, 2017.
In Russia, it is illegal to import certain types of agricultural products, raw materials and food from the USA, EU countries, Canada, Australia, Norway, Ukraine, Albania, Montenegro, Iceland and Liechtenstein.
In particular, the prohibition also included meat and meat products, fish, seafood, vegetables, fruits and dairy products.
Recycling of food imported into the country, bypassing the embargo is conducted in Russia since August 2015.
Only for the first quarter of 2016 from the sale of seized about 100 tons of prohibited products.
Hunting "zapreshenku"
On Friday in Moscow are expected rain and thunderstorms.
Through the Capital Region will take place weather front, which will bring precipitation and lowering the temperature of the air.
Day progreets air up to 25 degrees of heat.
For example, on the night of Saturday in Moscow places will be a short rain, possible thunderstorms and wind gusts of up to 15 m / s.
The day is expected to rain with thunderstorms and gusts of 12 to 17 m / s.
Rain with thunderstorms are predicted in the Oryol, Kursk and Voronezh oblasts, Дни.ру "report."
On the next working week of rainfall is unlikely.
The WTO panel of arbitrators found that Russian import duties on paper, refrigerators and palm oil are contrary to the rules of the organization.
Import rates than the commitments made by Russia when joining the WTO.
"This is the first time that the WTO has decided against the Russian Federation," said in a message on the official website of the organization.
However, the arbitrators stressed in his opinion that the EU has not provided sufficient evidence that Russia's actions were "systematic" or "inclusive."
Russia, in turn, promised in the near future time to adapt import duties on paper and refrigerators.
This is stated in the Ministry of Economic Development.
On July 4, it was reported that Kiev intends to complain to the World Trade Organization on Russia's actions, which imposed additional restrictions on the transit of Ukrainian goods.
This is stated in the statement of the Government of Ukraine.
In May, the Financial Times wrote that the behavior of the US in resolving contentious issues in the WTO undermines the organizing principles of the discussion.
Such a statement made by Brazil, Japan, the European Union and other members of the WTO because of the refusal of Americans to approve a second term of South Korean judge Jang Sung Hwa.
Accordingly, Russia will not resort to the WTO on the issue of Western sanctions imposed against Russia.
The WTO is an international organization established in January 1995 for the liberalization of international trade.
Now it is composed of 162 countries.
Russia acceded to it in 2012.
In the presidential administration turned the head
Russia's President Vladimir Putin has appointed the head of its own administration of former deputy Sergei Ivanov Anton Vaino.
Vladimir Putin reshuffled the presidential administration and expressed his hope that the new head of his administration will contribute to the constructive work of the government and the Kremlin.
In turn, Anton Vaino during the meeting, stated that it is an important anticorruption work that began at the head of the presidential administration, Ivanov, and promised to cooperate with the government.
Previously, Izvestia wrote that experts believe the situation with the resignation of Sergei Ivanov, the head of the administration, transparent and understandable and nothing will change the reshuffle in the administration of the Kremlin.
They note that the retired leader, who worked in the presidential administration quite a long time, effectively marshaled the AP.
Instead, the deputy head of administration came Anton Vaino - a man who knows the specifics of this work.
In Poland, admit that will not buy fuel from Gazprom.
The Polish oil and gas company PGNiG does not rule out that after a few years of gas supplies from Russia could become unattractive for it because of the reorientation of the fuel from Norway and other countries.
The Vice President of the Polish company for Finance Bohuslav Marzec.
His words conveys the TASS.
"Could it be that we are not just to buy gas (Gazprom), we now diversify our supply.
Within the next four years, the main areas of supply for us will be the East, raw material from the LNG terminals and Norway, "said Marzec.
Currently, Gazprom holds a dominant position in the gas supplies to Poland.
On Friday, August 12, PGNiG reported that Russian vendor in the first half of 2016, put it almost 5.3 billion cubic meters of gas, which is 30% higher than in 2015.
The share of the Russian gas giant PGNiG in purchases rose to 49.8 per cent compared with 40% a year earlier.
Let us remind that on 22 July, the Polish Cartel Office has not agreed on the establishment of a joint venture of Gazprom and its European partners to build a gas pipeline "Nord Stream 2.
At the same time a month earlier Poland left Gazprom's request for the supply of 11 billion cubic meters of gas on the North flow "- 2."
This was stated by Deputy Chairman of the Board holding Alexander Medvedev.
Auction on the power of the "Nord Stream - 2" will take place in 2017, and in the fall of 2016, the auction will be held at the stow.
At the end of May, it was reported that Gazprom is not planning to take any action in connection with the intentions of the Polish side to abandon the long term contracts for the supply of gas from Russia after 2022, said Alexander Medvedev, Deputy Chairman of the Board of the company.
He recalled that in the first quarter of this year, the Poles only increased by 42 per cent of the purchase of gas from Russia.
Gazprom's deputy chairman added that the mere filing of the Polish PGNiG statements in Stockholm Arbitration Court still does not mean the end of negotiations.
Previously, the Polish company has asked the court to reduce the purchase price for Russian gas.
Let's remind, the Polish Government Plenipotentiary for the gas and energy infrastructure Peter Naimsky reported that the Polish authorities have decided not to renew the contract with Gazprom for gas supply.
Poland's contract with Gazprom was signed in 1996 and expires in 2022.
In March, the Polish Government Plenipotentiary for the gas and energy infrastructure Peter Naimsky stated that his country after six years may abandon the blue fuel supplies from the east.
According to him, Warsaw is planning to build a new terminal to export liquefied natural gas Baltic Pipe, which will connect the country with the Norwegian shelf.
"Nord Stream 2 involves the construction of two lines of marine pipeline with a total yield of 55 billion cubic meters of gas a year from Russia to Germany under the Baltic Sea.
The OSCE monitoring mission (SMM) has increased the number of observers near the border between Ukraine and Crimea.
This was announced the first deputy head of the MSF in Ukraine Alexander Hug.
"I can confirm that SMM has increased the number of observers in this area," he said, responding to a question of journalists, "RIA Novosti."
According to the OSCE, the situation at the border of Ukraine and Crimea is calm incidents that affect safety, there is not recorded.
Observers to monitor what is happening at three checkpoints across the Ukrainian border.
A video surfaced on the Net had landed at Ufa airport passenger aircraft Yak-42, which was rolled out across the runway at 400 m and zavalils on the left wing.
Video published a TV channel "360."
ER happened at 4.30 a.m. Moscow time.
Flight airlines "KrasAvia" "arrived from Sochi.
They quickly evacuated to a safe place, no one was injured.
The aircraft was transported to the parking area.
Ufa Airport is working in normal mode.
The management of the transport Privoljskoe RCS began to ascertain the causes of the hard landing jet liner.
UN investigates the use of chemical weapons in Syria.
The UN Special Commission investigates the possible use of toxic gas in the rebel areas of the Syrian city of Aleppo.
All parties to the conflict to deny the use of chlorine, but the UN special envoy to Syria, Steffen de Mistura considers the incident an indisputable fact.
Such statements were made on the eve of the third round of the mezhsiriih negotiations, which are scheduled to begin in late August in Geneva.
UN experts have started an investigation into allegations of chemical weapons use in the Syrian city of Aleppo.
The first information about the attacks with the use of toxic gas, presumably chlorine, appeared on August 2.
Then, the opposition stated that in an area where prior to the downing of a Russian military transport helicopter, aircraft dropped bombs with toxic substance, but these accusations have named vbrosom in Moscow.
Later, Russia's Defense Ministry has accused in the incident to the opposition group "Harakyat Noor alDeen Al Zinki."
Soon it became known that there were two bombs packed with toxic gas.
This was confirmed by the BBC, one of the victims.
"A few minutes later, I felt the smell of gas, start to burn your eyes, it became difficult to breathe," the publication quotes the words of an eyewitness.
As a result of the attack at least 7 people were killed, 23 were hospitalized.
If the use of poison gas was confirmed by experts, the actions will be regarded as a war crime.
The UN Special Envoy for Syria, Staffan de Mistura, told reporters: "The evidence that this really happened a lot."
The inadmissibility of the use of chlorine for military purposes spelled out in the Convention on the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons Convention (CWC).
Despite the fact that all parties to the Syrian conflict to deny the use of toxic gases in 2015, human rights defenders have documented 35 cases of chlorine Syrian army against "moderate opposition."
The situation in Aleppo is complicated by the fact that the shelling of its areas are maintained on a daily basis, and they impede the withdrawal of residents from the city.
According to Reuters, the UN expects from Russia a "humanitarian pause" in hostilities.
The current regime of daily three hour lull in the organization is "insufficient to help nearly 2 million civilians trapped in."
Staffan de Mistura, Adviser for Humanitarian Affairs, Jan Egeland, said that for the delivery of aid to the city and the evacuation of the sick and wounded from there every week would require a 48 hour ceasefire.
"We have to send bulky goods with a column of trucks in areas where roads are almost destroyed, and those that remain are mined," said Mr Egeland. "But the Russian delegation confirmed a willingness to sit down with us to the negotiating table."
Consultations in Geneva between representatives of the US and Russia on the establishment of a "humanitarian pause" continues.
As Russia opened a "humanitarian window" in Aleppo.
In the ongoing battle for Aleppo, the second largest city in Syria - Russia announced on August 11, three hours of the cessation of hostilities, which will operate on a daily basis starting from Thursday.
The creation of "humanitarian window" is intended to ensure the conditions for delivery in the city of medicine, food and basic necessities.
The Defense Ministry's decision taken against a backdrop of growing international pressure on Moscow, seeking an end to the military operation and to facilitate the resumption of the negotiation process.
As a result of a series of bombings in the resorts of Thailand, four people were killed.
Several explosions rocked in the south of Thailand on Friday morning.
As a result of the attack killed four people and injured 19.
The epicenter of the explosions took place in the city of Hua Hin.
Among the victims were ten aliens, citizens of four Russians among them.
Responsibility for the incident has not yet none of the terrorist groups, but the MOI had hurried to say that the Islamists are not privy to it.
On suspicion of organizing the bombing already arrested several people.
According to preliminary data from the local police, the scope and characteristics of the explosion showed that they were directed against the head of the country's military.
The attack occurred in the popular tourist resorts, including Patong Beach in the Phuket area and the town of Hua Hin, Trang, and Surat Thani.
After a military junta came to power in the country in 2014, economic growth has dropped from 7.2% (2012) to 2.8% (2015), but tourism remained one of the few industries that were developed.
In 2016, the country has already visited by 14 million people, with more than 1.5 million by 2015.
Already the first suspects detained in the preparation and organization of the attacks, said police Colonel Krisana Patanacharoen.
It is too early to speak about the purpose, he added, but the country's Ministry of Internal Affairs "are confident that with international extremist groups, they are not."
It is too early to draw conclusions, "said Mr Patanacharoen. -
But we do know that these incidents are not directly linked to any type of terrorism, in fact it is localized sabotage, and we are trying to establish the identity of those who stood behind them.
The bombings occurred on the day of birth of the Queen of Thailand Sicrit.
The Thai junta considers the protection of the monarchy as one of its top priorities, so the incident will likely directed against it.
According to police Gen. Sithicaya Srisopacharoenrata, bombs were detonated remotely with a difference in half an hour.
They were hidden inside the trees on busy streets filled with obedantimi in restaurants tourists.
Already aware of the fact that one of the four dead was a Thai girl, torgovaved street food.
Identity of the rest of the victims are not yet known, but it is known that they are residents of the four foreign countries.
According to the Royal Thai Police, among them four German nationals, three Dutch nationals, two Italian citizens and a citizen of Austria.
Russians among the victims of the bombings, Rosturizma press service reported.
Local experts also link with the past bombings on 7 August referendum, where 61.4% of the population supported the draft of a new constitution.
He prepared the constitution drafting committee, appointed by the military junta.
Voters have to decide whether they support a system where the upper house is appointed by the military and has a significant role in the election of the Prime Minister of the country.
The new system was adopted and will be tested for the first time in the parliamentary elections in 2017.
Let's remind, on 22 May 2014, in Thailand, a military coup led by the country's army commander Prauta Chan Ócsa.
At this step, according to him, the army in the wake of the ongoing political crisis and the lack of progress in negotiations between the government and the opposition.
The military created the National Council of peace and order, imposed a curfew and censorship, dispersed the protesters and the upper house of parliament.
As Bangkok turned out to be in a state of emergency
The Thai government led by Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra in January 2014, declared a state of emergency in Bangkok and surrounding provinces.
A special regime lasted 60 days.
As there were two explosions in Bangkok.
In January 2014, in the heart of Bangkok near the Victory monument, which was one of the main protests, there have been two explosions, in which 28 people were injured, five of them were in a critical condition.
Explosions fired by unknown on motorcycles.
The authorities tightened security in the capital and attracted military forces to protect the demonstrators.
In a dry Loga began the development environment.
As Kommersant has learned, the government invited to agree on the conditions of auction on zolotorudnomu deposit Suhoy Log with the preservation of two key constraints.
To the auction are encouraged to avoid a company where 25% or more owned by foreigners and those applicants who will not be in the capital of at least 25% gosucastia.
The industry is not waiting for the government to rewrite the conditions, noting that many of the players and so do not want to take on a complicated and expensive project.
The auction may declare in August, and held in October.
The MEP has made to the Government of the draft order and conditions of the auction at the largest nerazrabotannoe sited at the Suhoy Log in Russia (Irkutsk Oblast, reserves and resources - 130 million ounces), told Kommersant, two sources familiar with the situation.
The project introduced on Wednesday evening, said one of them.
The MEP confirmed to Kommersant that the project is included in the government.
The representative of the subsoil use Deputy Prime Minister Alexander Khloponin told Kommersant that the project not yet received an official apparatus.
"The auction could be announced as early as August, immediately after the release of government orders, and taking into account the deadline to collect the applications of potential participants (not less than 45 days), the tender may take place as early as October," said the MEP.
According to the Kommersant, the project survived two key requirements for potential participants in the version that went to harmonize the ministries and FOIVam in July (the Kommersant).
The first is the existence of the capital of not less than 25% gosucastia pretenders.
The second is the denial of access to the auction for companies under the control of foreign investors, based on the understanding of the FZ - 57 on inoinvestitiah in strategic society.
According to the two mentioned in the draft articles FZ, as Kommersant wrote on August 2, the auction can avoid companies whose beneficiaries (25% of the shares and above) are not tax residents of the Russian Federation or have dual citizenship.
The Government has the right to impose such restrictions, as Suhoy Log is in the bedrock of federal importance (reserves of more than 50 tons of gold).
In the MEP confirmed that the project "contains restrictions on the admission of foreign companies," but refused to comment on the details until the disposition of the government.
The requirement of the capital gosucastii auction participants put forward the Irkutsk region, said in December 2015 "Kommersant" in the MEP and confirmed by the Governor of the region later Sergey Levchenko, noting that it was sent to the MEP by his predecessor Sergei Erotenko, "had an agreement on the" Rostehom investproectam "."
Who lobbied for restrictions on the admission of aliens, the interlocutors of Kommersant did not specify.
"But it is in the spirit of time: Do not give same control in the largest deposit of gold in Russia against the backdrop of Western sanctions," - says the interlocutor of Kommersant, familiar with the preparation of the auction.
Head of the MEP Sergey Donskoy on August 1 stated that foreigners "can go to the consortium," if applicants will hold them "as a financial structure, technology partners."
The interlocutors of Kommersant is unlikely that the government will adjust the conditions.
The main candidates to Suhoy Log in the industry believe the consortium of the largest Russian zolotodobytchika PJSC "Pole," the captive son Suleiman Kerimov, Said, and "Rosteha."
As Kommersant wrote, in July, the partners established SP "SL Gold," where the "Pole" 51% of the shares, the structure of "Rosteha" RT - GH - 49%.
The "Rostehe" declined to comment, "Pole" told Kommersant that "of course, are interested in the asset" and have all the necessary competencies and resources for its development.
"But the final decision on the possibility and the format of our participation will be made after the announcement of the conditions," added to "Pole."
ALROSA may participate in the auction, but the decision of the Government of the Russian Federation, said the sources of Kommersant.
The ability to participate in the development of the Sukhoi Loga said Russia's GV Gold and Canada's Kinross, which is developing assets in Chukotka, whereas he and Nordgold, according to Kommersant, are not interested in the asset.
The head of the Union of Russian Federation Sergey Kashuba zolotopromyshlennikov in December 2015, the Kommersant investments in Suhoy Log in $2.5 to 4 billion.
The majority of potential applicants are deterred not only by the volume of investment, but also the complexity of the project: We need a serious exploration stocks and technologies to work with complex ores, explain the interlocutors of Kommersant in the industry.
The pension market has started the largest M & A deal - "KIT Finance Pension administrator" has launched the process of combining four controlled by NPF.
As a result, based on the "Gazfond Retirement accumulation" NPF will be created with the accumulations of about 373 billion rubles.
The startup procedure of merging four pension funds - "KIT Finance," "Promagrofond," "Heritage" and "Gazfond Retirement accumulation" - yesterday reported the owner of 100% of the funds "KIT Finance Pension Administrator."
"The reorganization is carried out in consultation with the Central Bank in compliance with the requirements of neuhudshing conditions existing treaties," reads the statement of the company.
Consolidation is carried out on the basis of "Gazfond Retirement accumulation."
As CEO of the NPF Oleg Byaloshicki, pooling funds can solve several tasks: To expand the geography of presence, concentration of resources for development, reducing costs, replication of best practices of each of the funds and optimization of corporate governance.
According to him, the target date for completion of the consolidation - the second quarter of 2017.
As a result of unification of NPF Gazfond "Retirement savings" will be the largest player in the market of the OPS.
As of March 31, the amount of pension savings merging funds exceed 373 billion rubles.
As can be seen from the reporting on the site funds, beneficiaries of their owner - "KIT Finance Pension administrator" - are now Anatoly Gavrilenko (via the LLC owns 65 per cent) and NSPF "Gazfond" (35%).
However, the unification of the group launched much later than competitors.
For example, a group of O1 NSPF "The Future" swallowed "Stalfond" even at the beginning of the year.
Currently, the NPF adds funds "Uralsib" and "Russian Standard."
"Integration into a single structure, in addition to reducing costs, it is necessary to address the structural challenges," said CEO of NPF "The Future" Nikolay Sidorov.
Active work to consolidate funds from April comes and the pension group "Safmar" - NSPF "European," "Education and Science" and "Regionfond" should join the NPF "Safmar" before the end of the year.
In 2017, will join NPF "Trust."
"The pooling of funds will give you greater control over risks, operational processes and costs," noted the pension group "Safmar."
Pause to merge the funds, which will withstand the "KIT Finance Pension administrator" can be caused by several reasons, experts say.
Until recently, NPF could not buy more than 40% of the total volume of infrastructure bonds, which has housed the group.
Following amendments to the ruling in March this year for a number of issuers that meet the requirements of the regulator, there are no more such restrictions.
If necessary, the entire issue can buy one major player, "said team director Yuri Nogin ACRA ratings of financial institutions.
Several NPF leaders from the top 15 on the assets of another possible reason for the pause is called the division of spheres of influence and, as a consequence, staff appointments in a single fund, which were supposed to agree on the owners of the group.
Yesterday, Anatoly Gavrilenko was unavailable for comment.
At the request of Kommersant in the NSPF "Gazfond" also did not respond.
Although the consolidation of funds is a very labour intensive and costly event on a long distance, this decision will be justified.
As CEO of the consulting company "Pension Partner" Sergei Okolesnov, Gazfonda "Retirement savings" less outflows, accession will help stabilize the base of other funds of the group.
At the same time will be taken up by the successful experience of NPF "KIT Finance" and "Promagrofonda" in building a retail sales OPS, as well as the use of more modern software.
Central Bank requirements to processes and NPF staff are constantly growing, so duplicate infrastructure at four funds with a single investpolitike impractical, says managing director of corporate ratings of "Expert RA" Pavel Mitrofanov.
"The effect of reducing overlapping functions clearly would pull the possible costs of the merger," said Mr Mitrofanov.
The cost of the merger of four funds Sergey Okolesnov evaluates in the 30 to 50 million rubles.
"The costs of the four funds of such size is around 400 million rubles a year, with consolidation in the medium term budget effectively halve," - I am sure Mr Okolesnov.
In the Russian rolled out dobreychee disneevskoe film "Pete and his dragon."
Beautiful species of New Zealand, umilitelnogo dragon, dushetipatelnoy history and songs in the country style is enough to regain confidence in the frumpy magic, considers KRAVCUN ELENA.
Unnerved by the baby picked up by the dragon, who became human detenyshu and gentle sitting, and a devoted friend.
Pete calls her boyfriend Elliot, in honor of the puppy from a book of fairy tales, is playing catch up with him and falls asleep in embracing one another.
Six years later, he is wearing a loincloth and poviazke no longer distinguishable from another forest smyshlenogo sorvanza - Mowgli.
As such, Pita and discovers a female redhead, gamekeeper Grace (Bryce Dallas Howard), whereas Gevina Brigade (Karl Urban), the brother of her husband, aggressive magic forest.
Now, it will not only to believe in the existence of the dragon, but also to help save him.
Pete is an accelerated course "be a man" surrounded by idyllic Americans who wear shirts to kovboyci, moral code in the heart and smile oslepitelnee than any advertising.
No one character is not and does not work too badly, so that the viewer really began to hate or be afraid of it.
Even Gevinu's hunt for atypical creature its forests, far from irredeemable villain.
Huge furry dragon also was not a scary, with a good snout Bulldog, avialainerskim wingspan and the ability to become invisible.
The dragon funny, moving murlykaet even hruckaet and, fortunately, does not speak, but he wants to touch all the time, that he is different from all known cinematic dragons.
Visual image of Elliott and his manner ensures a high degree of emotional involvement in the most intense moments are desperately crying in three stream not only young people but also adults.
Surprisingly good and young Oakes full in the role of Pete, the sound of a possible family and a true friend.
And Robert Redford look gives canonical grandfather, which would be glad to have literally every child.
As the director David Lowry was able to remove a fantastically cute remake forgotten Disney movie "Pete's Dragon" (1977), mediocre from the nose to the tip of its tail and zapomnivshed only mix of animation and gaming movies, and make it the most brooding film this summer?
Nothing less than a miracle has helped.
In his picture of the original Lowry, in fact, has only two things: Orphan Pete and the Dragon.
Left behind musical numbers and most of the strange jokes.
The good fairy tale read features borrowed from "Bambi," "an Alien" and many other homely children's paintings.
Studio Disney continues to successfully expand the gallery of high quality remakes of the 21st century.
Of course, "Pete and the Dragon" is not so incredibly beautiful, the same as the "Book of the jungle," and there is no skilful villain, which turned out to be Cate Blanchett in the role of relationships in the new "Zolushke."
But this naive movie no less successfully helps to believe in miracles and goodness in the best Disney tradition.
By the way, the keys of the magical Disney Castle director Lowry will once again - for artistic Pene kinoadaptatii stories of "St. Petersburg."
Spent in the "Fi and his dragon" tandem of David Lowry and screenwriter Toby Halbruks entered into a new ambitious project on vzrosleng no boy on the tale of James Barry.
RBC journalist Alexander Sokolovu will place the new charge
Lawyers RBC journalist Aleksandr Sokolov, accused of organizing the activities of extremist structures, said that his office has found shortcomings in the case of their client.
That the Prosecutor General's Office has made such a submission, we learned from investigators just yesterday.
We had planned to attend the court hearing on the issue of restrictions on familiarization with the criminal case, but the meeting did not take place in the end, and we were informed investigators of the prosecutor's office submission, "RBC lawyer Olga Dinze words.
She told that the prosecutor's office said investigators on a lack of qualifications of the case and the collected materials.
Now, investigators will be required to fill the gaps in the evidence and to Alexandru Sokolovu new charge.
In either case, there will be another article of the Penal Code (PC) or will remain the same, but with other arguments and new evidence, said Mrs Dinze.
As reported by Kommersant, Alexander Sokolov was arrested on July 29, 2015.
In June of this year, it was reported that the investigation was removed from the charges journalist RBC language on the "unravelling of the political situation in the direction of instability" and "toppling power illegally."
Correspondent "Kommersantj" ALEXANDER ZILBERT pojil olimpiyta life in the Olympic village, inspected the home of Russian national team, had dinner in the local cafeteria and even passed after the Wada test.
It seems that life is not hesitating for a moment.
Even during the night.
The last starts sometimes end after midnight, after which athletes should have another hour and a half or two to return to the Olympic Village.
At the same time without stopping is occupancy and eviction from the village, because some athletes complete their speeches and leave Brazil, and some, on the contrary, just come here.
But already at 7: 30 in the morning in one of the temporary awnings stretch heads of all Olympic delegations.
At these meetings, we usually discuss any operational domestic issues, "said the head of the sports Olympic team of Russia Igor Kazikov. - Despite the fact that the house in which we were accommodated, so to say, exemplary - he had commissioned one of the first and displaying all the inspection, even as it continues to meet any deficiencies.
The problem with hot water, then, sorry, with the gutters.
The purity, we have fought for a long time.
At first, simply no one came to get out.
Then cliners began to arrive, but only popshikaut any substance on the floor, and everything.
Floors from them, you see, some kind of innovation.
They say, you cannot wash them humanly.
Yes, we know these floors - laminate an ordinary!
In general, have made a change of a professional cleaning company and now, all OK.
The Olympic Village is the Schillerstraße, sleeping area, fenced on one side of the mountains, on the other - the impressive moat places overwhelmed by water.
Oh, and for the reliability of the paint is still on the perimeter of the iron fence, which they walking along.
In the village can accommodate up to 17,000 people in 3604 apartments in 31 home.
In one of the 18 storey buildings hangs a huge Russian flag - this house is given to the needs of our team.
Looking after a small foyer at the entrance, you can immediately identify what the problem seems to be the most pressing for the Russian team.
At the registration desk hang two announcements: Print "Please do not throw paper in the toilet!" And handwritten "will take the gift icons.
The post itself is drowning in booklets.
Their veselenkaya Platinium contrasts with zaglaviami brochures: "The Instruction on Infectious Diseases for travelling in Rio de Janeiro," "First Aid for utoplenii, inhaled foreign body in the respiratory tract, loss of consciousness, stages of cardiopulmonary resuscitation," "First aid for burns, thermal shock, fractures and bleeding."
The text inside the encouraging.
For example, this: "The infection is accompanied by fever and subsequent cure.
However, not all is waiting for a favorable outcome.
Of course, the location of Russia's national team has a *, which at any moment is ready to provide skilled care home residents, including relaxation and sports massage.
On the contrary open - actually the headquarters of our delegation.
Next to the door - an inspirational poster "Against all odds, we will win!."
And, of course, the verses:
All the arguments - the absolute nonsense!
They believe only those who fear.
Let us less, the sweeter the taste of victories, Russia will not retreat, no breaks!
For an even greater lift the spirits of the hanging announcement: "Dear brothers and sisters!
With the blessing of the Holy Patriarch of Moscow and All Russia Kirill spiritual direction of Russia's Olympic team athletes is Archpriest Andrei Vladimirovich Alekseev.
A prayer and other needs can be over the phone...
In general, on the territory of the village there are the meditations and worship for people of all faiths.
But the Russians, it turns out, in a privileged position - they have their own chapel.
In connection with the density of an elevator from the ninth floor to the fourth, I decided to go down the stairs, which is recommended to be used during a fire.
And in the darkness stumbled on the body lying on it.
Apparently, it was a dormant by a new cleaning company.
I believe in readiness at any moment to rush on innovative washing floors, they decided to have a quiet hour directly on the cold stairs.
On the fourth floor I was waiting for a meeting with old acquaintances - Vitaly Fedorovich Dubko, coached our batutistov, privodivshim them to Olympic gold 16 years ago in Sydney.
He learned French, European champion Jana Pavlova, has kindly agreed to show their room.
Complain is not fundamentally at that - shared his impressions honoured Coach of Russia. - Experience on two beds, of course, are almost back to back, but it uncritically.
Bathroom of one to four, but spacious.
Cupboard, of course, funny, from the tissue, there is no confidence, but some things can be put.
"Don't you prikidyvaete, tea they ended!" Shrugged the tennis player Svetlana Kuznetsova, I am in the cafeteria.
The main it is called simply because that is an area of 2.7 thousand sq m and is ready to take 5,000 visitors at the same time.
There are a total of 60,000 servings per day is completely free of charge.
Menu options for the following: "The best of Brazil," "Kitchen in the world," "Asian cuisine" and "Pizza, pasta."
The last option, as I podgladel, is very popular among our woman.
At the same time, say, soups, I have none of the units of the giant restaurant is not found.
So what kind of soup? "Wonders Kuznetsova. - Tea not!
It is good that I am a Chinese conquered, custard.
And kettle.
But in general, don't you understand, we have the food even worse.
There is something you can choose, in spite of the unbearable monotony.
I personally chose the cod for a couple of meatballs and you can sauce.
Next to each dish is a plate with his name in three languages - English, French and Portuguese, as well as showing the nutritional value of the product and the presence of allergens.
And, well, confess, were given was it was.
Don't even understand why this place is worth all the time in the local McDonald's.
Prosperous, paralytic, we can say "teplenkih" athletes at the exit of the restaurant await our best friends - the World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA).
Cleverly Podmanivaut - Victorine, the winner of which goes to the shirt.
Provoke, you can say!
To get a gift, you must correctly answer at least eight out of ten issues.
There are issues in Russian! - attacked me the damsel of WADA.
But not on the attacked.
So I'm in a patriotic vpryags, of course.
The situation escalated already on the second question: "If I had received a notification of the doping control, should I immediately go to the doping control?"
I stopped at the option B: "No - I've got one hour."
Lost, so to speak, vigilance.
Forgot that the WADA breaks should not wait.
In general, you should immediately be.
Well, the seventh stage of the quiz my became quite critical.
Somehow I thought that if I would find it difficult to follow a balanced diet because of my tight schedule (and me, by the way, it is hard!), then I can use supplements to get "additional nutrients to enhance my productivity."
AH no, do not allow!
More precisely, the answer is formulated in a way that does not categorically prohibit, but strongly, several proposals are dissuading.
Dishonest plays the WADA!
Well as the affairs of Russia? "The interrogator asks the leading quiz.
Back to the wall - behind Efimova, obescrovlen Isinbaeva and our entire team.
Therefore, I concentrated and the last forces won the unfortunate shirt.
Know, as they say, our!
In a victorious mood I wandered in the fitness centre next door.
Engrossed in the counting of simulators.
Lost the 250.
Noted with surprise that this tangle of jogging paths are not found no Russian athlete.
But maybe it and correctly?
Though he's the one who does not know how to play!
But in the nearby clinic, one of our guy was sitting.
In the queue).
Don't worry, not the shooter.
The clinic, as well as throughout the village, where no one spits there is a hanging apparatus for issuing of condoms.
It provides an inspiring message: "Celebrate with condomom!"
Then remains only crutanute jelezku resembling a pen door lock, and condoms made of natural latex in Amazonia, willingly falls from the apparatus.
I took myself one for memory.
From the athletes will not decrease - they brought their 450 thousand
Just for holiday and leisure pastime in the Olympic Village, there is a entertainment center.
Beside him, just in case it is cognitive plate, reminiscent of the International Olympic Committee in different ways spends on athletes $3.25 million per day.
Center is awash with video games, billiard and tennis tables, table football and hockey and peculiar devices similar to videotrenajers.
So what is it? "The friend wasn't in the form of the Ukrainian national team, who actively uses dikovinnuu toy.
Could, of course, is simply to say that he did not want to talk to the man in the form of Russia's national team, and everything.
Here, by the way, on a curious coincidence in the eyes of the guys in the ryabit jovto blakitnom.
The most played football team, it turns out.
To get around the village, looking at each of its corner, must be not less than three hours.
But, if it is to walk rather than ride electrokarah, you will occur and the home of the Canadian national team with losem entrance and shade with a replacement bathtub, and the latter office, and laundry and dry cleaning, and a hairdresser, and a flower shop, and a shop with goods of everyday use and mail with unique brands (but you still can't wait queue from Chinese philatelists), and the bank, and are lost, and photoshop.
But you're late in the evening, without, prisyadeshy near olive tree, uveshannogo multicoloured ribbons in memory of the left the world of friends and relatives of athletes.
And you will be the accompaniment of machines, randomly a big fluid for the killing of insects, think about the eternal.
Is on the Olympic Movement.
Which in this village does not stop at any minute.
As long as the rest of the Russian world watched with bated breath as the Australians almost punished the American Dream Team, these fans left in the network.
Few people know: The news that the Inna rapire Deriglazova won gold in the XXXI Olympic Games, I got the first.
I may be even the only Muscovite who saw how it happened - except, of course, those in the evening looking up at competitions.
This can only be understood by the fan.
Just imagine: Deaf Moscow night.
The neighbours at the bottom - as always - are waking up to an hour of the night and start bezzlobno but very loud screaming at each other.
And threatening to move furniture.
The kitchen faucet is flowing - there is no time to go to the market and buy as requested plumber, a new.
In a television schedule did not understand, so just kept on control channels "Match," "First," just in case "Russia" - although it is almost meaningless.
"Russia" is the birthplace of repetition, the entire sport is somehow there in the recording.
There soap operas live broadcast.
Hope, of course, the "Match" - a whole evening, a young man yelled in the newsreels about the great semifinal DeriglazovaShanaeva first, then about the coming battle for gold.
It would be logical to show.
But instead, basketball - SShAAvstralia.
By the way, I can't say anything bad about this decision.
Australians were on equal terms, the first half of the win at all.
Put in place ofigevshih from own greatness of Americans.
As a result of still lost, but, as now, Olympic basketball tournament will never be the same.
It is all very well, but the coming battle with Di Franciskoy, and on the screen, without change.
In a mild panic start flipping channels.
Feeling, for the second time in a row playing.
Well, go deep into the cable.
Any of the thematic "Matcey" Fencing is not present.
But, to my senses, the battle is about to begin.
Text and tweet webcasting some sports sites don't work for me.
Whooping surfing gives an unexpected, but a brilliant result.
On the site of the "First," it turns out that there is a direct technical broadcast of all the events that take place at this moment in time.
The Klikau swordsmanship, get duel for gold.
Excellent Deriglazova contratakuet, goes ahead on points - and obviously begins to procrastinate.
Helikon played almost the whole detachment.
Ours at one point ahead, until the end of a little more than two seconds.
Di Deriglazovu Franciska rushes on the departed, time ends, Helikon is an injection.
The victory!
After a couple of seconds Olympic instant on the phone announces the fourth gold medal.
Goes, I am the first who saw it with their own eyes.
Crazy, loyal, involved.
Spiritual administration of Muslims (WPM) of Tatarstan renounces the use of the Russian language in mosques.
Yesterday, the plenary WPM ordered their imams to Friday sermons only in Tatar to compel young Tatars "to study their native language."
In managing the claim that it is "in no way infringes on the" rights of Muslims of other nationalities.
In some mosques of Kazan complain that the Tatar language does not understand up to 60 per cent of parishioners, among them foreign students, migrants and the Tatars.
Imams are afraid that their sermons in Tatar "do not reach the entire audience."
Yesterday, the plenary WPM Tatarstan unanimously decided to hold Friday sermons in mosques of the republic only in the Tatar language.
According to the mufti of Tatarstan Kamil Samigullin, this should be an incentive for young Tatars "to study their native language."
"For those who say that the" hard "in every big mosque, we intend to organize the lessons of the Tatar language is absolutely free of charge," Mr Samigullin promised.
He added that "the decision has already entered into force," and today, in all mosques preaching "should be already in the Tatar language."
He recalled that the WPM Tatarstan publishes the magazine "Shura" with model sermons in the Tatar language.
Imam, who is not well said in Tatar, "can thoroughly prepare on them."
Doom Tatarstan brings together more than a thousand parishes in all municipalities of the republic.
According to the Mufti, in areas of Friday sermons are conducted exclusively in the Tatar language.
At the same time, a number of mosques in Kazan had previously been used predominantly Russian.
In particular, as indicated by the Mufti, it is practised in Burnaevskoy mosque Zakabannoy and Eniler "."
However, said Mr Mukhametshin, the manual aims to ensure that all students are proficient in both official languages of the republic, regardless of nationality.
"No interference in the Muslim netatar could not be achieved," said Mr Mukhametshin, explaining that the sermon "is not mandatory, the main part of the prayer."
The prayer itself will still be read in Arabic, in mosques will be lectures and lessons in Russian language.
At the same time, Rafik Mukhametshin told Kommersant that a serious threat of crowding out the Tatar language from the mosques.
In addition to the Tatar, Russian and other languages, for example, Uzbek or Tajik, according to him, the sermons are not used in the republic.
WPM actively supported the decision of the executive committee of the World Congress of Tatars (CGT).
Head of the executive committee of the WCL Rinat Zakirov told Kommersant: "The mosque is an important part of our national life."
It would be unfortunate if this sphere has gone from the Tatar language.
He noted that the only sermons in the Tatar language, "the desire of the imams," but the executive committee of WCL "believe it is right."
Kommersant interviewed imams, who were preaching in Russian, are ready to execute the judgement of WPM, but it is believed that the parishioners will have difficulty in understanding the clergy.
Go to the mosque and Tatars, and Russians.
Many do not understand the language.
They, of course, will be tight.
"Will have to be restructured," said Farhat Mavletdinov Burnaevskoy imam of the mosque.
According to him, the sermon in Russian even closer to many of the Tatars, as "Russian and in schools, and in our kindergartens, radio - everywhere initially."
However, he believes that the mosque will be able to continue the lessons and lectures in Russian, which are held on other days.
We rely on Allah.
Allah will show the way out of this situation, "he concluded.
But about 60% of us are not aware of the Tatar language.
This, and the Uzbeks and Tajiks, and Azeris.
A lot of walks to us foreign students: Africans, Arabs.
"We therefore four years as switched to the Russian language," said Imam.
He believes that in the Tatar language sermon will be "up to a narrow range and do not reach the entire audience."
But we are going to obey the decision of the plenary.
Simply the outcome of sermons will be another.
But time will tell.
"I, for example, the easier it will be only because the Tatar language is my mother," concluded Gabdulla Galiullin.
The former director of the lost under the court
Moscow's Prosecutor's Office confirmed the indictment on rassledovannomu SSO SBR criminal case on the theft of budget funds allocated to the POC.
Would be prosecuted the former head of the prison service, Alexander Raymer and his deputy, causing the damage of more than $2.7 billion rubles.
The prosecutor's office sent the Zamoskvorecki raisud criminal case against the former director of the Alexandra Reymera, his former deputy Nicholas Krivolapova, as well as director of FSUE "Center for Information Technology and Communications of the Federal Prison Service" (FSUE Victor Opredelenova TITOS).
Depending on the role and degree of participation in the commission of the crimes they are accused of SSO VDCs in Moscow on Clause 3, Article 285 of the Criminal Code (abuse of power, resulting in severe consequences): 4, Article 159 of the Criminal Code (fraud by using his official position in an organized group, particularly large scale).
In addition, Krivolapov charged under paragraph 1 of article 222 of the Criminal Code (illegal purchase and storage of ammunition).
According to the RCS, in 2010 and 2012, the individuals fraudulently stole from the public purse budgetary funds allocated by the FSIN to ensure the department's electronic monitoring systems under the control of the so called electronic bracelets.
To steal money, the group devised a scheme whereby the company FGUP TITOS exist under their control, which were concluded by the relevant government contracts, produced technical means of control and oversight, including "electronic bracelets," and solves at prices inflated by several times.
Despite the fact that there was no TITOS FSUE production equipment, buildings, facilities to accommodate production facilities to create a complete production cycle of "electronic bracelets," between him and the Service has entered into five goscontractov amounting to more than 3.3 billion rubles.
As a result of this scheme in the accounts of the FSUE samarskogo branch proved to be more than 2 billion rubles, of which 1.2 billion rubles were stolen.
According to the investigation, more than 140 million rubles which had already been cashed money received personally by Mr. Raymer, in his office of one of the accomplices, the criminal case against which severed.
Nikolai Krivolapova involved in the fraud, were found of unknown origin nagradnomu pistol ammunition, which allowed him to produce an additional charge.
In this case, the volume of which amounted to 133 volumes, the FSIN to the defendants lodged a claim for damages of $2.7 billion rubles.
Football player Hakan Shukura suspected of involvement in the coup.
The Turkish authorities have issued a warrant for the arrest of former footballer and then MP Hakan Shukura and carried out searches in the two homes of his family.
The Turkish football star of the 1990s and early 2000s attacker Hakan Şükür is wanted by authorities in connection with the coup attempt that occurred in the last month.
Forward who has graduated athletic career in 2008, is accused of belonging to an armed terrorist group. "
It is about Gülen's Hizmet movement - a society associated with famous Turkish religious scholar and political dissident Fethullahom Gülen.
It was his President Erdogan believes the organizer attempted military coup that occurred on 15 July.
Fethullah Gülen resides in the US, the Turkish authorities demanded his extradition.
According to local media reports, an arrest warrant was issued today Hakan Shukura, the police had already searched the two homes, which belong to the family of a former footballer.
According to the investigation, the organization of Fethullah Gülen in addition to Hakan Shukura served himself and his father.
However, neither the former footballer, nor his family wasn't there.
Now, he and his family have lived in the US.
As a former football player Hakan Şükür defended the colors of several Turkish clubs and campaigned for the national team of the country.
He spent most of his career in the "Galatasarae."
In the list of foreign clubs are Italian "Torino," "Inter" and "Palermo," as well as the English "Blackburn."
However, none of them, he has not spent more than one season.
Hakan Şükür still remains the most efficient attackers the national team of Turkey: In his track record of 112 matches for the national team and 51 clubbed the ball.
In 2013, Hakan Şükür left his deputy's position because of the corruption investigation that began around a batch of Erdogan and his entourage.
According to the Turkish newspaper Hurriyet, July 25 in Turkey, arrest warrants have been issued for at least 42 journalists.
They are accused of supporting a military coup and links with the opposition Islamic exiled preacher Fethullah Gülen, who reside in the US.
Given the seriousness of the charges, the media can wait for lengthy prison terms ranging from ten years to a few life opinions.
Egor Konchalovsky wants to create a network of cinemas only for domestic films.
"I would have created a network of cinemas exclusively for Russian cinema, tickets for which cost two to three times lower than in the films of foreign production," he said.
Mr Konchalovsky notes that Russian films are difficult to compete for viewers with big Hollywood strips.
We have done more than 100 paintings per year, of which up to screens comes to an average of 20 to 25 tapes.
"And even it is very difficult to compete with the transformers" was "and" Iron Man, "which pulled a huge promotion budgets," said the filmmaker.
On July 1, in Crimea began a national youth Educational Forum "Wikipedia."
Among the participants - artists, teachers and young professionals of various creative and humanitarian directions from all over Russia and several countries of near and far abroad.
British women won Olympic gold in rowing in the dvoycah
Helen Glover and Heather Stanning British women won Olympic gold in rowing in dvoycah.
Silver took novozelandki Rebecca Scown and Genevieve Beren, the third place was taken by Anne Anderson and Hedwig Rasmussen from Denmark.
Kommersant News - New Prime promises to deliver "Zenit" on December 26.
The new Prime built the stadium in St. Petersburg, which should take the matches of the Confederations Cup - 2017 and 2018 World Cup, the company "metrostroy" promises to pass the scene on December 26, RIA Novosti reported with reference to the head of the Interim Commission of the Federation Council on preparations for the World Cup 2018 Tulpanova Vadim.
"Today, we, along with the Minister of Sport of Russia Vitaly Mutko visited the site with us was CEO of" Metrostroya "Vadim Aleksandrov.
He said he will pass the stadium on December 26.
This is a St. Petersburg company, she never violates the deadlines.
Vitaly Mutko, we were satisfied with what they had seen and heard "," quotes the agency interlocutor.
Earlier, Vitaly Mutko, arrived in St. Petersburg in order to inspect the venue of the upcoming major competitions.
Mr Tulpanov also noted that his Sovfeda Commission will continue to monitor progress in the construction of the stadium and will regularly visit the construction site.
As a reminder, yesterday it became known that the company "metrostroy" completes the construction of "Zenith Arena," the value of the contract would be about 5.4 billion rubles. This same company won the bid for landscaping around the stadium, the value of the contract is $2.4 billion rubles Contracts with JSC "Transstroy Corporation," LLC "Engineering Corporation" Transstroy - SPb "and JSC" Engineering Corporation "Transstroy" "have been terminated.
Two other companies were not allowed to fight for the construction of the stadium.
For more information on the selection of a new general contractor read the material of Kommersant "" metrostroy "have taken on the field."
In Miass (Chelyabinsk oblast) detained by the lawyer of former Vice Governor Nicholas Sandakova Akulic Konstantin.
As reported by Kommersant "Southern Ural" another lawyer of the accused - Sergey Kolossovski, Constantine Akulica today was summoned to the Investigation Division of SDC Miass to charge in the case of one year ago on the battery.
Konstantin Akulic then went to the accident site as a lawyer for one of its members.
"Initially it was directed against unidentified persons. Now, when he began to defend Nicholas Sandakova, it turned out that this was Akulic," - says Sergey Kolossovski.
Konstantin Akulic became a lawyer of former deputy governor at the beginning of August.
At the same time half an hour before calling a lawyer in the SBR Miass side protection was notified that on Monday is the deadline for studying the file on fraud, which accuses Nicholas Sandakova.
Let's remind, for Nicholas Sandakova filed two criminal cases.
In the first case (of fraud), he is charged with the promise of 1.5 million rubles to facilitate nomination for the post of Mayor of Magnitogorsk Chelyabinsk County based administration head Evgeny Tarasov.
The second criminal case relates to bribes, which Nikolai Sandakov allegedly received from the director of NOS "Pitons" Igor Kalugina in the form of pro bono services of a material nature in the amount of no less than 1.3 million rubles.
For more information on the lord Sandakova read in the material of Kommersant "Former Lieutenant Governor requires combining their cases."
The Russian Copper Company (RMK) is ready to assume social responsibility and focus more on the environmental aspects of their business.
This is corroborated by, for example, the fact that RMK embarked on the modernization of one of the oldest and environmentally dirty enterprises in the country - Karabashskogo Smelting Combine.
Smelter Karabashsky was founded by the English corporation, headed by Leslie Urquhart in 1910.
In Soviet times, it was important for the country's economy industrial enterprise, and it actually ensured the vitality of the whole city.
However, in the 1990s because of financial problems, the production was stopped, resulting in serious social problems in the Karabashe.
In 1998, it was decided to resume the work Karabashskogo Smelting Combine.
It was also necessary to address one of the main problems of Karabashskogo plant - ecological.
By the early 2000s, Karabasz was already notorious as a zone of ecological disaster.
The situation in the "Karabashmedi" began to change in 2004, after the company came under the management of the copper company.
The company began conducting the modernization of production, which was to gradually reduce the environmental burden on the environment.
It was recently noted and Chelyabinsk Oblast Governor Boris Dubrovsky, who visited in early July, "Karabashmedy."
The head of the Southern Urals called the enormous changes that have occurred with the company since the "Karabashmedy" turned into a group of RMK.
The premier event for the modernization of "Karabashmedi" in recent years has been the construction of a new sulphuric acid plant to capture up to 99.9% of steel gas.
According to the President of the Russian copper company Vsevolod Levin, the volume of investment in the project amounted to about 7 billion rubles.
The next stage of modernization of the CJSC "Karabashmedy" - reconstruction of the furnace electrode.
Replacement of three converters, napylnikov, gazohodnogo tract is scheduled for the end of 2017.
The cost of the project is $2.5 billion rubles.
In addition, at the end of 2016, is scheduled to launch a new industrial effluent treatment plant at a cost of 1 billion rubles.
In turn, will grow and the amount of taxes payable by the city budget Karabash.
For the entire duration of the project Tominskogo OMEP - from the beginning of construction and prior to the commissioning of the second stage - the Federal Treasury will receive 8.9 billion rubles.
And after entering OMEP in the exploitation of tax receipts in the budgets of all levels could reach 80.9 billion rubles.
For the year of production in the Varna area in the budgets of different levels listed 346.3 million rubles.
And this is for the first year.
"The longer works successfully enterprise, the amount of the payments may be more," said Valery Ulanovsky.
The RMK clarified that in 2015, the tax deductions from Miheevskogo OMEP closer to 1 billion rubles.
However, RMK enterprises to participate in the life and development of the territories of their presence is not limited to tax deductions.
Enterprises RMK help to repair and maintain schools, kindergartens, sports facilities, cultural and entertainment facilities, expanding the territory.
In 2016, one of the largest social projects of the Russian copper company in Karabashe became a major repairs, and in fact is almost a complete overhaul kindergarten N9 to 95 inmates.
The building, built in 1960, was in a dangerous condition.
Also on the territory of the NKR "Arena will accommodate landscape park with artificial pond, underground and above ground parking for 600 cars, cafes and sports shops.
"RMK Arena will allow a spectacular professional sporting events of international level.
But the main objective of this project is to make sports and exercise comfortably accessible to residents of Chelyabinsk, primarily for children.
Place in the first row at the amazing architecture of the Central Library of Los Angeles
Learn more about the history of the Central Library in the business district, as long as the Society of Historians Architecture / branch in Southern California holds an art exhibition with Arnold Schwartzman and Stephen Guy, authors of the new book "The Central Library of Los Angeles: The history of its art and architecture."
Guy and Schwartzman are going to discuss and share images of Design 1926 Mr. Bertram Goodhue, as well as restoration and additions, from Hardy Holtzman Pfaiffera Associates.
Salon is open from 2 days to 4 days on 21 August in the Salle Moderne in Deco style built in South West Law School (formerly Bullocks Wilshire), 3050 Wilshire Blvd.
Participants can take a stroll in the central hall, rooms of certain periods, Kaktusovoy living room and Tea room.
Presale tickets are required; lol / SCC members - $15; nonmembers - $25.
An open, industrial loft in DTLA receives a cozy new look
To celebrate the 90th birthday of the Central Library of Los Angeles with - what else? - a new book
Members of the Centre for Refugees Sandholm in Denmark suspected that living in it adolescents engaged in prostitution.
This on Thursday, August 11, according to The Local.
According to him, some of the teenagers told the agency that "someone in Copenhagen organizes prostitution."
According to the publication, doubts about shelter workers arose after the Swedish newspaper Sydsvenkan spoke about similar stories in Malmo.
In 2015, the crisis in the European Union because of the influx of refugees from Africa and the Middle East.
Denmark has posted on its territory more than 20 thousand of them.
Off the coast of Cape Cod peninsula (USA), a fisherman caught a rare blue lobsters.
A man discovered a crustacean among others caught in his submarine trap, reports ABC News.
The American plans to transfer it to the local Oceanarium.
Lobster weighs about a kilo.
Notes that Wayne Nikerson (Wayne Nickerson) is lobster fishing for the past 35 years.
According to his wife, for the first time in her career of a man caught a blue lobster in 1990.
According to ABC News, crustaceans are blue or blue coloring as a result of genetic modification.
In April 2016, it became known that the fishermen they had fished off the coast of Japan, a copy of the rare species of deepwater shark (Megachasma pelagios bolsherotaya shark).
Animal Pyatimetrovoe weighs about a ton.
The Black Sea Fleet conducted military drills on protivopodvodno - subversive defense in the Black Sea.
The RIA Novosti informed the representative of the management of the press service of the Defense Ministry to the Military navy Dygalo Igor.
Exercises were conducted as part of the first phase of the exercises on special types of the action of the naval forces.
"Soldiers protivopodvodno protivopodvodno - Commandos have worked to sabotage defense force fleet locations on the coast of the Black Sea and neighbouring seas," Dygalo clarified.
About 400 military personnel participated in the exercise, more than 10 pieces of equipment, including MI8 helicopters and Ka - 27, protivodiversion Graconoc patrol boat "Fast Attack" and "Raptor."
In the course of maneuvering forces brandvahten ships using hydroacoustic means discovered conditional subversive groups and repelled an attack by "underwater saboteurs" from the sea at the location of the BSF.
The helicopter Ka - 27 landed commando assault team, which blocked and destroyed enemy saboteurs.
After that, the sea came out Bathurst class Black Sea Fleet to search for mines.
Dygalo stated that "the teachings of the Black Sea fleet is carried out in accordance with the purpose of preparation and holding of the upcoming command and staff exercises" Caucasus - 2016 "and Navy training plan."
From 18 to 30 July, Ukraine and the US conducted joint military exercises Sea Breeze 2016 fleet on the Black Sea.
The maneuvers was attended by about four thousand people from 16 countries.
In the maritime component involved more than 25 ships, boats and ships for the US, Turkey, Romania and Ukraine.
A court in Moscow has arrested for the murder of stepdaughter's father: The investigation and the court: Power structures: Lenta.ru
Name of the Moscow City Court authorized the arrest of Roman Chernikov, soznavshed in the murder of his stepdaughter's six years.
About it on Thursday, August 11, according to the city's news "Moscow," a court spokesman told Nina Jilkina.
"The court granted the application of investigative bodies to order the Chernikov remand in custody for two months," she said.
Chernikov will be in custody until October 9.
August 11 SBR management on the Moscow Region reported that adoptive parents and grandmother of six years a girl confessed to her murder.
In particular, Roman Chernikov reported that committed the murder of a child in one of the days of April 2016, from personal hostile relations from home drunk.
Then, in order to hide the body of a child, he burned his and raskidal remains, together with his wife over a large area.
On the evening of August 9, when the investigator adoptive parents reported that in April 2016, a six year old drowned in the bath.
For a long time, they managed to hide from all of the disappearance of a girl, but in August, after learning that soon must come to their house members of the guardianship, we decided to tell everyone that a child is missing.
Parents stated that on August 6, their adopted daughter had walked away from the site at home, where they lived with his family and disappeared.
Pope Francis shared at the Vatican meal with refugees from Syria.
On Thursday, August 11, told the head of the press service of the Holy See Greg Burke, transmits the CTV News.
Migrants came to the pontiff's invitation to the Greek island of Lesbos.
Lunch was held in the House of Saint Martha vatikanskom where personal apartments of Francis.
Indicates that the meal was attended by two groups of Syrian refugees, who visited the pontiff in Greece on April 16.
Then on the way back to the Vatican, he took on board his airplane 12 migrants, including six children.
Came in June, the second group of Syrians.
Care of them assumed the Holy See.
"Papa brought toys and gifts to children, they gave him their paintings in response and the children and adults were able to talk to the pontiff today on the first days of his life in Italy," said Burke.
During his April visit, the Pope called the migration crisis that erupted in Europe in 2015, "the biggest catastrophe since the Second World War."
Greece is one of the countries through which gets the most migrants to Europe.
According to the Greek authorities, for 2015, a total of 800 thousand people moved from Turkey to the Greek islands in the Aegean Sea.
The Lesbos has become the main transit point for refugees on the way to the EU.
Plugs with a length of more than 40 kilometers were formed in Japan in the first day of short summer vacation.
About it on Thursday, August 11, according to the Road Information Center Synopsis.
For example, in the Tochigi prefecture traffic congestion stretched over 43 kilometres, in Kanagawa Prefecture - at 33 km.
According to the agency, the trains are overcrowded double tickets on domestic routes completely sold out.
From 11 August 2016 Mountain Day in Japan, the holiday is officially considered a holiday.
After that, many Japanese for a few days, go to their home town.
A short holiday from the Japanese will last at least until Tuesday next week, then it is expected a new rush hour traffic congestion.
In Japan, is considered bad taste to take a full vacation.
The law subjects supposed to rest 18 days a year, but most of them are limited to one week.
Flagship boutique network of shops luxury men's clothing and accessories Frame Moscow was opened after renovation with a complete new design and assortment, told "Ленте.ру" representative of the network.
The space was used only natural materials - nut, brass, porcelain and toned glass in the tone of a tree, "said the representative of the Frame.
Multimedia windows teeter on the brink between tradition and advanced technologies.
The Marol multibrendah Frame Moscow presented shirts, bags and briefcases Serapian, designer jeans Jacob Cohen, Tateossian cufflinks and bracelets, jackets and shoes Barrett Moorer.
In addition, the network is the exclusive distributor of the company on an individual sewing men's suits Atelier Portofino in Russia and owns monobrendovmi boutiques Barrett and Jacob Cohen.
The French fashion house Louis Vuitton on 17 September 2016, will open a new boutique in St. Petersburg.
He will replace the first shop, opened in the city in 2007.
A new boutique located on the Nevsky Prospekt, told "Ленте.ру" representative of the company.
We are pleased to announce the opening of a new store in St. Petersburg, "said President Louis Vuitton for the countries of Northern Europe, the Middle East and Africa Alessandro Valenti.
Buyers will be able to personalize their purchases with the help of technology of hot embossing: In honor of the opening produced clichés, with views of St. Petersburg, which complements the client's initials.
At the end of the 19th century created a baggage for the Russian aristocracy - Grand Prince Alexander Romanov, Princess Trubetskoy and imperial family.
Currently produces clothes, shoes, accessories, jewellery and watches, as well as to resume the production of perfumes.
Company is part of the international holding company LVMH.
Maintain a pensioner turned a beach tower in the "budget."
Network users laugh at photographs which maintain an elderly man found on the beach and turned it into a springboard for jumping into the water.
The image was published on several entertainment portals, as well as in a group of "My Taganrog" in VKontakte social network, which many have decided that the photo was taken on the shore of the Sea of Azov.
In the comments of "innovation" dubbed "budget rig," and "mobile springboard."
Many praised the man's ingenuity and "smekalochku" and some drew attention to the fact that the man is seriously at risk of injury when jumping from its towers, because he found it on a lack of depth.
However, one of the portal Pikabu commenatorov noted that the judge the depth of the sea cannot be on the image.
"Firstly, we do not know what kind of depth there, the beach can be a human with a steep slope on the meter directly behind the staircase, and secondly, even if there meter depth, with due skill you can jump from a couple of meters," wrote a user under nick C0JIbAMDJZ
The Italian edition of Roma Today writes that a man with the stremyankoy was spotted on a beach in Rome.
Russia's President Vladimir Putin expressed hope that Anton Vaino as the new head of the Administration of the Head of State will contribute to its constructive work.
As reported by RIA Novosti, the Russian leader made the statement at a meeting with Vaino and his predecessor, Sergei Ivanov.
The Russian leader said that the candidature of Vaino for the position of head of the presidential administration recommended that the Ivanov.
Putin praised the latter for the work done.
On August 12, Putin withdrew Ivanov, Head of Administration of the Head of State.
This post instead of it took Vaino.
The authorities of the French city of Cannes was banned from the local beaches in the burkini - a special your swimsuit for women, which completely closes the body from head to ankles.
This on Friday, August 12, reports ABC News.
The mayor of Cannes David Lisnard Lisnar (David) explained that such clothes "does not meet the rules of decency, the principles of secularism and does not correspond to the norms of hygiene and safety."
Also, according to him, clothing, which emphasizes the religious affiliation, could cause a breach of public order.
For wearing a burkini introduced a fine of 38 euros (about $42).
Noted that the ban was against the backdrop of the terrorist attacks that took place in Nice on July 15 and July 26 in the church of Saint Etienne du Rouvray in the north of the country.
Since its introduction, several Muslim women went to court, arguing that the restrictions violate the right to freedom of religion.
Annunciation City Court (Amur Oblast) sentenced the former head of the city of Alexander Migulu to nine years in a colony of general regime.
On Friday, August 12, according to the website of the court.
Migulu was found guilty of committing crimes under articles 286 ("Abuses"), 285.1 (Expenditure budget ") and 285 (" abuse of power ") of the Criminal Code of the Russian Federation.
The investigation found that official in December 2008 gave to his acquaintance, a plot in the village of Muhinka land legislation in violation of the established procedure.
In 2006, he illegally ordered the acquisition of the property of the city road bridge across the Chigiri, at a higher price without competitive procedures and the conclusion of the municipal contract, Interfax said.
In addition, in the period from 2007 to 2010 Migula for its commercial organization has changed the timing of payments under the contract of sale of a lease of land that had been granted for the construction of housing, as well as freed from the rental company.
As a result of budget shortfalls of more than 5 million rubles, and the city coffers about 21 million rubles.
On August 4, it became known that the former mayor detained on suspicion of corruption, and a candidate for deputy's mandate, the commission had not provided on time signatures to participate in the elections to the State Duma and was withdrawn from the race.
Migula was arrested in May 2008 on the territory of Lipetsk Region and placed in the SIZO.
Prior to that, he was in 2011 in the international search.
Alexander Migula served as mayor of Blagoveschensk from November 2004 to April 2010.
In the Russian Ministry of Foreign Affairs denied the release of captured Taliban vertoletchika Russian.
Information about the negotiations on Friday, August 12, in an interview with "Interfaxom" shared Russian President's special representative for Afghanistan, the director of the Second Asian Department of the Russian Foreign Ministry Kabulov Zamir.
This information could not be confirmed.
"The crew is still in captivity, the negotiations are ongoing," said Kabulov.
On August 11, the source in diplomatic circles told the agency that the captives released.
According to him, the former hostages were transferred to Pakistan.
4 August, it was reported that the helicopter taking off from Peshawar Pakistani helicopter landed in Logar province in eastern Afghanistan, due to technical problems.
The builders have got the Crimean bridge hymn "I zabivau swau."
On YouTube channel project "Krymsky Bridge" came the clip "I zabivau swau."
This is the builder of the plant - the hero says that the bridge would help "not to lose touch with a huge country."
The author, in particular, sings about how "swau doesn."
Applied to music videos with the Crimean bridge construction.
Song written and performed by Konstantin Khomenko - the designer of the "Giprostroymost Institute - St. Petersburg," which formulated the project construction.
A professional musician, he is not.
Ministry of Thailand blamed on the resorts of local saboteurs.
The bombings in the resorts of Thailand - "local acts of sabotage" and have nothing to do with the activities of international terrorists.
About this, as reported by Reuters, Thai police said.
According to the detention order, they have not yet been able to ascertain whether any of these explosions among themselves.
On the main version, their organizers attempted to disrupt the tourist season.
It is possible that the attacks are eparatists Muslims from the south of the country.
Law enforcement authorities have already detained several people.
At the moment, aware of the four dead and dozens wounded.
Premier's Praut Chan Ócsa ordered to take additional security measures to prevent further explosions and exclude the possible victims.
The tourist resorts of Thailand on Friday, August 12, there was a series of explosions.
Device exploded near police stations on the island of Phuket, in the cities of Surat Thani (the capital of the province, which is located on the territory of the island of Koh Samui and Hua Hin District.
Another explosive device planted on the beach, it was defused by engineers.
A day earlier, on August 11, in the resort town of Hua Hin District two explosions occurred.
The bombs were placed in pots of plants and were activated by a call from a mobile phone.
Among the victims - 10 foreign tourists, Russians are not among them.
The British jewelry house Graff presented a new model of hours The Peacock Watch, performed in the form of a peacock's feather, said Vogue.
Watch is decorated with loose diamonds.
For this, jewelers used not only the classic round stones, but also bagetae and trapezievidnee stepped cut and Emerald cut diamonds.
These watches with either quartz mechanism and blue arrows typical Graff design created in a single copy and presented in a boutique Mercury in Moscow at the Four Seasons.
The price of the edition does not name.
Graff - jewelry and watches the house, founded in 1960 in London Lawrence Graffom.
Manufactures jewelry with precious stones, mostly with diamonds (including color) and hours (since 2008).
Fourfold holder of the British Royal Award in the field of international trade (1977, 1994, 2006, 2014).
In different years Graff acquired an extremely rare and valuable diamonds, such as pink Empress Rose, Star of America, The Sarah and others.
The new J. K. Rowling's book "Harry Potter and the damn baby" became the best selling in the UK, reports The Daily Mail.
Roman surpassed the popularity of the play "Romeo and Juliet" by William Shakespeare.
According to the publication, for the first week after the release of the eighth part of the saga of Merlin 847,9 has sold thousands of copies.
The book "Harry Potter and the damn baby" brought £8.76 million.
At the same time Shakespeare's tragedy was in second place - since 1998, has sold nearly 127.7 thousand books publisher, Penguin Classics.
The eighth part of the wizard from Hogvartsa saga "Harry Potter and the damn baby" was released on July 31.
The drama unfolds after 19 years after the events described in the book "Harry Potter and the Gifts of Death."
On the same day in London at the Palace Theatre the premiere of the play.
In Russia, the English version of the novel "Moscow home books" - the only official seller of the novel - August 5.
All copies were sold out for the day.
In the new part of the saga will be released before the end of 2016.
Owners of messengers and postal services must identify users and remove prohibited information - this is a summary of the bill, developed by the Media and Communications Union (ISS) that brings together the largest Russian telecom operators (Vedomosti).
Staff of the three companies - members of the Union have confirmed that such a project is being discussed.
At the beginning of autumn, it must be submitted to the working group led by First Deputy Prime Minister Igor Shuvalov, said the official in the ISS.
These are the amendments to the laws on communications and the media.
They stipulate that any "organizer of the dissemination of information on the Internet that provides the possibility of electronic messaging," is required to identify users on the basis of the information contained in the databases of communication operators, after concluding treaties with them.
As well as "immediately to block communications or publications that contain information disseminated in violation of Russian law."
Otherwise, the operators shall have the right to restrict access to the service to address Roskomnadzora.
Astronomers have discovered beyond Neptune a mysterious space object.
Astronomers have discovered a mysterious space object beyond Neptune.
Celestial body is very dim, its diameter is about 200 kilometers, writes New Scientist magazine.
According to the researchers, the object is moving on quite strange for the solar system orbit.
It is located almost perpendicular to the other planets.
A mysterious discovery was called Niku, translated from the Chinese language means "rebellious," "nepokorenny."
WSJ: The US is considering imposing sanctions against Russia because of the hacking servers of Democrats.
U.S. officials are considering imposing new sanctions against Russia in response to the hacking servers of the Democratic Party, writes The Wall Street Journal, citing sources.
Reportedly, for the imposition of sanctions, the administration of US President Barack Obama should be officially blamed for attack on Russia's servers or supported by the Russian authorities of hackers.
According to the sources, the FBI and other U.S. intelligence agencies virtually sure of Russian involvement in the cyberattack.
WSJ notes that the US usually prefer not to specify by name those carrying out cyberattacks.
The exception is produced in 2014 hacking database company Sony Entertainment Pictures, responsibility for which was formally transferred to the DPRK.
However, in the past year, Obama issued a decree that simplifies the imposition of sanctions against those who performs or promotes cyber attacks.
Initially, it was directed against China, but can also be used against other countries.
The process of making a decision on sanctions can be lengthy, the newspaper writes.
Even if officials have concluded that hackers were supported by Russia, before making a decision on disclosure, they will have to weigh the possible consequences.
They will have to determine whether such a serious accident, in order for him to exacerbate tensions in bilateral relations.
Previously, it was reported that Barack Obama's administration allows for the possibility of sanctions against the state, hackers who hacked into servers nackomiteta Democratic Party.
WikiLeaks has published an electronic correspondence of the national committee Democrats.
The media reported that hackers working with the Russian authorities may be implicated in the hacking.
In the Kremlin such messages have called absurd.
FAS fined Google for almost half a billion rubles
The cause was a violation of competition in the market of mobile applications.
Antitrust proceedings were initiated on the initiative of Yandex.
The Russian company argued that Google gives producers access to the components of Android smartphones on terms that prohibit predustanovku applications from other developers, in particular, from Yandex.
FAS found evidence of these claims and found that the company abused a dominant position in the market and impose producers of mobile devices, together with the Google Play store installation of other applications.
On the verification of the Federal Antimonopoly Service has decided to punish Google, told the head of FAS Alexey Dotsenko zam.
The fine must be paid within 60 days after the entry into force of the decree.
The FAS have concluded that the Law on the Protection of Competition must comply with all companies, including multinational corporations.
In turn, Google will first examine the decision and only then is determined to proceed: To execute him or contest.
The Federal Antimonopoly Service acknowledged the company violator competition law back in September of last year and ordered to adjust contracts until December 18.
However, Google has not given their consent.
Since then, the company and the agency are trial.
In the FAS noted that, despite the fine, discuss the possibility of settlement with Google.
This measure will lead nowhere.
This view Ehu "Moscow" was a leading analyst at Mobile research group Eldar Murtazin.
Murtazin also noted that the fine would have no impact on either the users or the competitiveness of the corporation.
FC Avtoagregat Kineshma rented an apartment, and then robbed her at 84 thousand rubles.
The stolen appliances 30 year old robber managed to sell.
As told correspondent "MK in Volgograd," the press service of the regional GU MVD of Russia, on the eve of the Volga to the police station with a statement regarding the robbery turned a city dweller and satellite.
The man told the gatekeepers of the law that an unknown person removed from his apartment.
When the owner of arrival to check his house, they found it quite empty: No washing machine, no TV, no fridge, no boarder itself.
The total damage amounted to 84 thousand rubles.
Order guards soon took to trace the thief.
It turned out to be a 30 year old unemployed FC Avtoagregat Kineshma.
A man was arrested, he confessed, explaining that the stolen property has already managed to sell.
Now he will have to answer for theft to the full extent of the law - a criminal case against the detainee.
This year, Crimea will receive a notice to pay vehicle tax.
Now, the inhabitants of the peninsula will pay a tax on land, property and transport.
About this at the press conference, said the head of the Office of the Federal Tax Service for RK Nazdrachev Roman.
Until the end of 2016, the Crimean car owners will receive a notice to pay vehicle tax.
As the tax counted about 250 thousand people who own vehicles.
Data on taxpayers will provide GIBDD, Municipal Unitary Enterprise.
"If on the first of January, we will be handed over to the owners of immovable property and land owners, the next year, citizens of Crimea will be the tax payers of data," said Roman Nazdrachev.
For the beneficiaries will be provided incentives for payment of property taxes, especially in the category of pensioners.
Also, there is a system of land tax deductions depending on the taxpayer's preferential policies, but, according to the head of the UFNS until 2017 to talk about this sooner.
Resident of Balahne fell for a woman, the head of the aggressor prolomiv brick
According to the investigation, on the night of 16 June 2016 in garajnom array on the street Home in Salt Commission accused saw quarrel cohabitants, from whom he was visiting the day before.
The man was repeatedly insulted his wife, and then bears a woman on his shoulder and suffered back home.
An attacker intervened on the woman and struck the victim several times in the head with a brick.
A 29 year old man died on the spot.
The defendant has admitted guilt partially.
At this time (12 August 2016), this is all the information.
A terrible accident occurred on the previous evening in the river Kizil Tash of the Crimean peninsula.
As reported by MK in Volgograd, "the press service of the EMERCOM of Volgograd Region, at 17.05 on the track R - 29" Sudak - Feodosia "rode bus with people in the cabin.
Suddenly, the machine turned into a ditch and fell from the cliff.
The victims of the accident were five people, another 20 - were injured.
Victims from the crash site on machines neotlojki lit on medical institutions, where doctors provide them with the necessary assistance.
In the unfortunate voyage of severely damaged four residents of Volgograd region.
This is Yuri and Elena Krivohijine from Kotovo, Volgograd Oblast, along with a 9 year old grandson Artem, as well as a 5 year old Anastasia Bochkareva, which were taken to the regional hospital of the city of Simferopol - the girl is in a serious condition.
When you call an ambulance, we hope that the brigade will come quickly and doctors will have all the necessary expertise.
When to call an ambulance, how fast it should come to the patient?
In the event of an emergency call emergency medical assistance in the form of a challenge is sent to the nearest free ambulance Bus or a specialized team.
Time doezda ambulance on an emergency call - up to 20 minutes.
Time doezda ambulance on the urgent challenge - up to 2 hours.
Time doezda ambulance on the fact of the deaths is not regulated.
The OSCE observers did not documented military activity on the border of Crimea.
The observers of the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE) failed to record military activity on the Ukrainian border.
This is stated in a statement published on the website of the organization.
Observers have reported that the situation on the border of Crimea is calm incidents that may be somehow linked to the security of Ukraine and Russia is not recorded.
"None of the observers could not confirm media reports that focused on security issues, including a gunfight and military action in the immediate vicinity of the administrative border," according to the report of the OSCE.
Members of the organization continues to monitor the situation at three checkpoints on the border in the Ukrainian cities of Kalancaka, Caplinki and Chongar Peninsula in the Gulf of Sivash.
Earlier in Gospogranslujbe Ukraine reported that at the border of Crimea ends with rotation of Russian troops.
At the same time, claim to the agency, updated personnel has a more modern equipment.
Bulgaria shows inflation in the 1st time in 8 months
Inflation in Bulgaria was 1% per month in July, according to national statistics.
This is the highest level for years (from June 2012) and the first above zero since October of last year, when a positive 0.2% were shown.
Average annual inflation, as measured by the CPI over the past 12 months (August 2015 - July 2016) compared with the previous 12 months (August 2014 - July 2015) was -0.8%.
The consumer price index in July 2016 compared to June 2016, stood at 101.0%, i.e. the monthly inflation was 1.0%.
The inflation rate since the beginning of the year (July 2016 compared with December 2015) was -0.2% and the annual inflation in July 2016 compared with July 2015 was -0.2%.
In July 2016, compared with the previous month, there was an increase in the price of the following groups of consumer goods, food and soft drinks (1.7%); transportation (1.8%); recreation and culture (6.3%); restaurants and hotels (1.2%); and other goods and services (0.3%).
Prices declined for clothes and shoes (2.2%); furniture, household equipment and routine maintenance (0.5%); health (0.1%).
Prices remained at the same level as in the previous month on alcoholic beverages and tobacco; housing, water, electricity, gas and other fuels; communications systems; and education.
Effect of the "Anime" Snapchat is criticized as a caricature for Asians
Snapchat declares that this filter is inspired by anime, but some observers say that he racially bestaktny.
With the help of an instrument "Lenses" Snapchat allows approximately 150 million users per day to change the reality and play with individuality in ways that border on the absurd.
You can transform yourself in a pineapple, dog or a character this picture of Roy Lichtenstein.
The lens is a grave, iscrivlgie features tools that generate more than 30 million personally selfi per day.
Any errors are quickly becoming common knowledge.
Snapchat lenses have been criticized in the past, when they were accused of annex advertised dark facial skin or facial wash encouraged as the ideal of beauty.
So when some users this week suggested the lens which gave them diagonal eyes, crooked teeth and big techkami, some critics felt that this was a racist caricatures of Asians - "jeltolitsyh."
And they wondered whether these repeated contradictions point to a more serious problem of companies related to diversity.
On Wednesday spread messages and then indignation in reports on The Verge and Motherboard, the day after the Snapchat stated that this function was removed.
The company commented: Lens was conceived as a tribute to the anime characters, rather than as a caricature of the Asians.
But the experts, who know about racism firsthand, lens recalled derogatory stereotypes in action.
Other totally rejected the comparison with anime.
In an email Grace Sparapani, Korean American student artists, whose actively shared a tweet on the photographs, said that the lens was "offensive, and at least embarrassing."
She added that "it is hard to argue with the comparison side by side very crude caricatures of Asians and filter effects.
This shows that the filter does not simply jeltoliced and highly pejorative jeltoliced.
Snapchat is not the only company that runs through these cultural bridges.
American culture seems to be involved in an endless struggle for diversity and inclusion, ranging from corporate conference rooms to Hollywood and devices that we all carry with them.
And a huge audience of young people in Snapchat - which are more racially diverse than their older generation - may mean that they are more likely to wait for understanding.
When one of the lenses Snapchat creates an image, insulting to the user, then, said in an interview on Thursday, 25 year old Katie Zhu, "such developments are much harder to go unnoticed as it was before."
On Thursday Zhu, product manager, and engineer, who works at the Medium, decided to delete your account with Snapchat and encouraged others to do the same.
In an article for Medium and in a telephone interview, she said she believes that racial differences are the reason for the lack of diversity in recruitment in Snepchate.
Mrs. attacked the predominantly white leadership of the company consisting only of men and finished its article hashtag: # DeleteSnapchat.
As Zhu wrote, which itself is an American of Chinese descent: "Either they are in the state of color was not a sufficient number of people who could take such decisions, or they are non-white people, but they do not hold such positions in which you can safely and openly speak out."
Other commentators share her view, expressing dissatisfaction that Snapchat has not responded to most of her questions.
The company does not publish information about the representation of national minorities in his state, emphasizing its status as a private company.
On Thursday Snapchat refused to discuss the racial origins of its staff, but according to a confidant, the company recently hired a recruiter's tool basket to focus on underrepresented segments of the population and active attempts to involve the internal resources.
For its part, Zhu said that it will retain your account in Snapchat closed, adding: "I wonder whether they are actually more users such as we are, so that they were able to say that this will not do."
The military leadership distort intelligence about ISIS, said congressional commission
Officials from the Central Command of the Armed Forces of the US changed intelligence reports in order to present a more optimistic picture of the war against the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria, which gave rise to the events on the ground, reported congressional commission in a report issued on Thursday.
Interim report Task Force, set up Republican chairmen of the House Committee on Armed Forces, the Committee on Intelligence and the Subcommittee on military appropriations, found "widespread discontent" among intelligence analysts of the Central Command, who argue that the leaders podpravlali their assessment of American action to defeat the Islamic State.
The Central Command, known as CENTCOM, is principally a military administration in the city of Tampa, Florida, which oversees American military operations in the Middle East and Central Asia.
"Intelligence documents adopted by the supreme command of CENTCOM, as a rule, gave a more optimistic image of US antiterrorist action than is supported by real data from the field, and have been consistently more optimistic than the analysis provided by other intelligence agencies," said in a news release, dedicated to the bug report.
"What happened in the Centcomme, unacceptable: When senior management is inaccurate analysis, affects our military," said a member of the House of Representatives Ken Calvert, a Republican from California.
The problem with the leadership in Centcomme reaches the very top of the organization.
Are reviewed in detail in the decadistranicnom report bugs that plagued in 2014 and 2015 in the description and analysis of the American action to train the Iraqi armed forces, provided by U.S. Central Command.
Although it does not contain conclusive evidence that members of the Obama administration's leadership ordered to falsify reports, he argues that analysts felt that the leadership of the CENTCOM forces them to provide a more optimistic view of the threat posed by the Islamic State, also known as ISIS or ISIL.
"During the first half of 2015, many press releases, statements and testimonies of the Central Command in Congress were considerably more optimistic than the real events," the report said.
For example, a CENTCOM official stated publicly that a major military attack, aimed at the return of Mosul, could begin as early as April or May 2015.
Mosul, Iraq's second largest city, remains under the control of the Islamic State.
"After months of investigation, it is something we know for sure," said in a statement, a member of the House of Representatives Mike Pompeo, a Republican from Kansas.
Since the middle of 2014 until the middle of 2015, the top management of the U.S. Central Command Intelligence razveddocuments fake command, in order to downplay the threat posed by ISIL in Iraq.
The Republicans have created a task force, when learned that analysts expressed concern that the intelligence on the Islamic State were subjected to fraud.
Investigation progresses, the report, published on Thursday, will be followed by a category data.
Further, not complete at the moment CENTCOM intelligence investigation is Chief Inspector of the Ministry of Defence.
Representatives of the Democratic Party in the House of Representatives Intelligence Committee of the US Congress on Thursday published its own data, which are consistent with some of the conclusions of the Republican Task Force.
"Between 2014 and 2015, CENTCOM has created overly closed procedure for the production of intelligence assessments regarding ISIS and Iraqi security forces," said in a statement, a member of the House of Representatives Adam B. Schiff, the chief representative of the Democratic Party in the committee.
This procedure, according to Schiff, "stalled production of intelligence documents," has damaged the moral integrity of analysts and "does not sufficiently reflect divergent views."
But Schiff and the Democrats claim that found no evidence that the White House attempted to coerce the CENTCOM analysts adjust their opinion "commanded or political interpretations."
The preliminary results of the investigation were presented to Congress on Tuesday portal The Daily Beast.
Last August, The New York Times reported on the existence of the investigation of the Inspector General of the Pentagon, an open analyst after complaints of injury.
Lt.-Cdr. Patrick Evans, a Pentagon spokesman, said in a statement that the Ministry of Defence would not comment on the record of Congress, while the investigation of the Inspector General.
But he said that "the experts sometimes disagree with the interpretation of complex data, and the intelligence agencies and the Ministry of Defence welcomed a healthy dialogue on these vital topics relating to national security."
Effects of the investigation go beyond the question of whether the goal is done by Americans bombing in Iraq and Syria (both now claims more and more representatives of the Ministry of Defence).
But last year's comments raised doubts about whether President Obama is relying on the fact that the Central Command provides a truthful assessment of military operations in Iraq, Afghanistan, Libya, and other crisis points.
Criticism of intelligence on the Islamic State repeats the disputes that took place more than a decade ago, when CENTCOM intelligence analyst Gregory Hooker wrote a research article, which claimed that the administration of President George Walker Bush, due to the protest of many analysts came out in support of a small number of troops in Iraq and had not thought that the following the 2003 invasion.
Hooker also played a key role in the protest caused by the intelligence on the Islamic State.
In the past year, according to officials, the team Hooker concluded that despite public statements to the contrary, airstrikes on nefteperegonam factories belonging to the Islamic State, has not led to a significant deterioration of the financial situation of the terrorist group because it built a temporary oil refineries to sell oil on the black market.
But the opening was not distributed outside of the Central Command, as reported by the Times in September.
Then the commander of CENTCOM, Gen. Lloyd J. Austin III, was criticized last year after the testimony in the Senate that many MPs felt overly optimistic assessment of the war.
Gen. Austin resigned in April and was replaced by Gene in the Central Command. Joseph L. Votel.
The US wins 4 times in a row in the women's field hockey, thus approaching the decisive battle with Britain
Hits the three goals of the match, which ended a victory over Japan with a score of 6 to 1, Katie Margera opened on Thursday with the first two goals for the U.S. women's hockey team on the grass, when the Americans defeated the team of India with a score of 3 - 0.
Five goals in two games should be a memorable achievement, but Margera, which for 27 years, said that she was not sure if it did once something like this.
"Mind didn't give," she said.
I'm actually not one of those people who track their goals.
This is what she knows: By Americans 4 - 0 in the Olympic tournament, and they compete for first place in its group with Britain, which remained invincible after losing to Japan with a score of 2 - 0 on Thursday.
Britain and the US teams will meet on Saturday in the last game of the first round.
Both teams compete in the finals, and the result of the game will determine who will occupy the first place in their group of six teams, and who is the second.
The winner will avoid meetings with a strong team of rivals from Holland, the leaders of the other group, a few minutes later, when the game will start finals.
However, Saturday's game shows that the Americans made their unexpected series of noise here, four years after they ranked last among 12 teams at the London Games.
EVS was in the team.
She grew up in Blue Bell, Pennsylvania, for the first time took a hockey stick for field hockey when she was 3, her older sisters twins played in this type of sport in Drexel), and joined the national team at age 16, becoming the youngest player in history.
She missed the 2008 Olympics, when she has not passed the qualifying round in the final composition.
Then came the 2012 when all not ladilosy she and her teammates.
Next year Koeig Parnham, an Englishman, was appointed as coach, and everything began to change.
"Cultural change, psychological change, a change in physical training," said Margera.
In London we had not such a performance, which is now.
We have completely changed their views.
On Thursday evening, Margera opened the account in the first half of the game object with an uncomfortable hands at short distance.
India came to the game without a single victory in the tournament, but the team has shown itself to be surprisingly tight and maintained by 1 - 0 until the end of the third period when Margera took the initiative in their own hands.
She had a long passage with the ball down the left side of the field, then the spiral is caught in the middle and dramatically sent the ball into the gate, thus giving the Americans an advantage of 2 - 0.
Melissa Gonzalez added the final goal in the middle of the fourth period.
Victory "shutout" was the first at the tournament for the U.S. goalkeeper Jackie Briggs, who missed one goal in each of the first three victories.
It's impact.
And Margera.
"We are in a good position right now," said Parnham, but how good it depends on the outcome of Saturday's game.
In the middle of the frenzy of the Olympic Games - "Zen" jumping on the trampoline
Wherever you are, whatever the time now, it is the Olympics.
Events in Rio de Janeiro seem to be immutable and unavoidable, this frantic combination of competition and ambition.
Like the Olympic Flame, and there is a burning torch, which is transmitted from the archer to plovcu to gimnastu to triatlonistu.
You can't include a TV, read the newspaper or listen in the conversation of your neighbors on the queue in the cafe and did not hear about Simone Baylz, Katie Ledeki or the hostility between Michael Phelps and Chad de Clos.
There is a Logan Dooley.
Dooley, for the first time, participating in the Olympics, about Handsome on the cheeks, it could be among those celebrities, which show in prime time, which promote sponsors and life affirming commercials if he was a swimmer, he or even fehtowalticom.
But the 28 year old Dooley from the city of Lake Forest in California is fighting for gold in Olympic competitions for Jumping on the trampoline.
The Olympic flame does not illuminate all the events in the same way.
Farther from the center, partially in the shadows, are the sports that are not generally recognized: Shooting a pneumatic gun, archery, badminton, Taekwondo.
Breaststroke will always be with us, his long reign.
But if I may shy to speak in defense of his personal bias, I would like to draw your attention to the unassuming charm of jumping on a trampoline.
Although trampolining is Olympic sport since 2000, when they debuted at the Games in Sydney, over the past 16 years they have received so little recognition that many of the people I interviewed were not aware that they belong to the Olympic sports.
This may be a regional ignorance.
Although the United States and sent athletes to competitions, they have never won a medal in diving, trampoline, and their athletes do not go in the finale until 2012.
The Chinese and the Russians, as a rule, split between the men's award, while the Chinese and Canadians - female.
Dong Dong from China and Rosie McLennan from Canada will defend their gold medals in London this year.
But trampolining have the charm of an outsider, particularly because for the unenlightened ear associated with circus College, rather than that of the Olympic Games.
Here I must confess that I am not an expert, but only prizemlnny enthusiast.
They actually have comic potential is a caricatural appearance of interminable jumps - but also the elegance of the gymnastics and diving, two kinds of sport, which they basically combine in itself.
The word "trampoline" comes from the Spanish word "el trampolín," meaning "a springboard for jumping into the water."
Applicants for the victory of jumping on a giant trampoline, flying into the air at almost 30 feet, and must comply with a series of acrobatic stunts (bends, folds and twists) before the final landing on their feet.
They are being judged on execution, complexity and "flight time," according to the official program of the Olympic Games.
Thirty two athletes from 17 countries, 16 men and 16 women will compete in Rio.
The single most common Olympic course - forward.
Applicants for the medal should go further, faster, higher and higher in pursuit of gold, sometimes to the finish, and sometimes back and forward, back and forth across the field.
They seek not only to the finish line or the starting wall, but also, in front of TV cameras to another draznatemu crossroads: The world or Olympic historical peak.
This is the insistence of noble, admirable, even fanatically - and its enough to compel proslezited even viewer.
But it is, in my opinion, somewhat tiring when viewing the Games.
From him trampolining provide a respite.
Direction batutista - upwards.
Moving forward - not the goal.
He or she jumps up, it seems weightless, like an astronaut who flies up, then down, then up again, without effort.
And, of course, is not without competition or difficulties, but during the entire program, there is no crazy zeal to the finish, there is no jumping in length, only the wondrous, elegant disappearance of time and gravity.
This is the most close to dzenu Olympic sport.
Women's qualifying competitions, and then the finale will take place on Friday afternoon, broadcasting in the hour of the day for the EET; male - on Saturday, also per hour.
NBC will broadcast the finale in the daily programme starting from 14: 00 on both days.
In the midst of the Olympic madness is a quiet, beautiful moment, which can be easily overlooked in a dump.
And if the growth of consciousness can only be achieved by subjecting male athletes wardelennem views and far - as, according to the Wall Street Journal, recently suggested male gymnasts from the United States, "Dooley only and awaits its new voshitn crowds of fans.
"Generation of protest" in Ethiopia, a longstanding US ally
Violent protests in Ethiopia
The demonstrators calling for political change in Ethiopia, have faced fierce opposition from the government.
Witnesses say that dozens of protesters were fatally wounded during clashes with the police.
Whether Ethiopia is on the verge of a split?
Over the last decade, it was one of the most stable countries in Africa, a staunch ally of the West with a rapidly growing economy.
But in recent months, the antigovernment protests shook the country, spreading to an increasing number of its territories.
In the past week alone, thousands of people took to the streets demanding radical political change.
According to human rights defenders of the government's response was brutal.
Eyewitnesses claimed that the police officers shot and killed dozens of unarmed demonstrators.
Videos from the field of protests, presumably removed at the end of last year or early this year, show how the security officers beat young people with sticks, when people put their hands to the wall.
Most senior official of the United Nations Human Rights now calls for a thorough investigation.
"It was always difficult to keep the country from disintegration, and then will be even more difficult," said Rashid Abdi, head of the project "the Horn of Africa," the International Crisis Group research.
Ethiopia is the second populous country in Africa after Nigeria, and its stability is supported by the West.
The US military and intelligence services are working closely with the Ethiopians to combat terrorist threats in the region, especially in Somalia, and virtually no country in Africa does not receive such support from the West.
Ethiopia's economy is growing with impressive speed.
Its infrastructure has improved significantly - there is even a new commuter train in the capital Addis Ababa.
And the streets are generally quiet, safe and clean.
However, Ethiopia was hardly a model of democracy, human rights organizations constantly mention the government repression - on the territory of the state to repress opposition, due to the fact that dissidents are actually silenced.
Many of them were then banished, imprisoned, killed or expelled to remote desert.
But this may change.
"If people are constantly oppressed and leave them no other option but to protest, will revolt," said Seyoum Teshome, a University lecturer in central Ethiopia.
All the young people protesting.
Generation protesting.
Complaints are numerous, ranging from land use, to the seizure of power by the government coalition.
After the widely criticized elections last year, the governing party and its allies completely replaced the opposition and now control 100 per cent of the Parliament.
At the same time, the tension along the border with Eritrea is growing; the struggle for this tenuous, disputed border has claimed hundreds of lives in June.
Analysts fear that the separatist groups that have been more or less destroyed in recent years, such as the Oromo Liberation Front or the Ogaden National Liberation Front, may try to exploit unrest and rearm.
Several factors explain why the bitter feelings, a few years simmering in the depths of the soul, break out now.
The first seemed to be quite harmless: Smartphones.
Only in the last couple of years a large number of Ethiopians were able to communicate in social networks, since cheap smartphones were commonplace, and the internet service was better.
Even when the government closes the access to Facebook and Twitter, as often happens, especially during the protests, many people are still able to communicate through a proxy server to hide where they are located.
Several young Ethiopians were told that it was because they had organized themselves to protest.
Second, that there is a greater solidarity between the Oromo and Amhara, Ethiopia's two largest ethnic groups.
The Oromo and Amhara - are not natural allies.
For centuries, the Amhara from the predominantly Christian highlands of Ethiopia prospered in politics and business, exploiting the Oromo, many of whom are Muslim and live in the lowlands.
But it is also changing.
"We will work together under one umbrella," said Mulatu Gemechu, leader of the Oromo.
The largest protests took place in the regions of Amhara and Oromo.
Many of the Oromo and Amhara feel that in Ethiopia unfairly dominated by members of the Tigray ethnic group, which is about 6 per cent of the population, and which controls the military and intelligence services, trade and politics.
The third reason for the unrest is the loss of Meles Zenawi.
Meles, a former militia leader, served as the Prime Minister of Ethiopia for 17 years, until his death from an unknown disease in 2012.
He was considered a tactical genius, a man who could foresee the danger.
Analysts argue that he is particularly adept at recognizes the first signals of discontent and used spies to obtain data and neutralize opponents.
"The current regime lacks common sense," said Abdi, the analyst conflict situations.
The new Prime Minister of Ethiopia, Hailemariam Desalegn, appeared out of nowhere and took the place of Meles.
Unlike Meles, who was originally from the region of Tigray in northern Ethiopia, Hailemariam is a southerner.
Analysts say that he is not trusted by the security services, controlled by the Tigray.
Many fear that as a result of this will lead to more bloodshed.
The last time Ethiopia has experienced such riots in 2005, after thousands of people protested against the fact that, as told analysts seem to have elections that the government zaporolo and then falsifies the results.
In the ensuing repression, many Protestants were killed, although in smaller numbers compared with recent months, and this period of unrest passed relatively quickly.
Experts in the development of Ethiopia's leaders expressed their appreciation for the visionary infrastructure development, such as a new interurban train and significant advances in the fight against poverty.
But it is obvious that this has not stopped the growth of domestic discontent with the Government of Ethiopia.
And it takes a dangerous ethnic form.
Last month, protesters in Gondar, a city in the Amhara, attacked enterprises owned by Tigray, and anti Tigrayska hatred in social networks is becoming a comprehensive.
Analysts say that the protesters are the United States and other Western allies in an awkward position.
The US government has used Ethiopia as a base for unmanned flights over neighboring Somalia, although it recently announced that it has closed the base.
On the one hand, it is clear that the West wants to support democracy, but on the other hand, he does not want its ally lost force in an already volatile region.
"And on this a tight rope exercise will be difficult to pass," said Abdi.
Donald Trump explains his statement that ISIS was founded by Obama, "sarcasm"
Donald J. Trump attempted to cover up the last conflict that has engulfed his headquarters on Friday, alleging that he joked about when several times this week stated that President Obama and Hillary Clinton were the "founders" of the terrorist group Islamic State.
Explanation has raised new questions about the ability of the Presidential candidate of the Republican Party intelligibly to turn to the American people.
It also put his deputies who tried to protect him during a period of unrest, in an awkward position, as they had to explain remarks that he probably did not have in mind.
Having made this assumption at the congress on Wednesday evening, Trump strongly insisted on its approval on Thursday, repeating in an interview that he really wanted to say that the President and Clinton founded ISIS.
But in a post on Twitter early in the morning on Friday, Trump wrote that simply ehidnical.
This post was just the opposite of the claim only a day earlier, when Trump said in several interviews that he is absolutely serious in his charge.
When Radio Presenter - conservative Hugh Hewitt tried to help Trump soften utterance, reminding him that Obama wants to destroy the ISIS, the presidential candidate of the Republican Party did not avail himself of the opportunity.
The latest scandal erupted when Trump has tried to reorient its campaign on the economy against a backdrop of declining ratings.
Trump and Clinton made with competing speeches about the economy in Michigan this week.
On Friday, Trump again attempted to come back to this topic.
Again, resorting to tvitteru, he instructed that Clinton's plans will lead to an increase in taxes, and said that because it's boring.
Trump has already previously used sarcasm as an excuse.
At the end of July after he raised a universal criticism, virtually expressing the idea that Russians should hack email Clinton, he later explained his comments, saying: "Of course, I was joking."
This approach allows Trump exceeded in political speech and take it back if necessary.
"I think it is his way to test different messages, finding resonance among his fans, watch how they operate, and then" explain "them in one direction or another, depending on the reaction," said Ruth Sherman, an expert on communications, which conducted the analysis of the language of the two candidates.
But I also think that he is being careful and knows that they are vague enough to interpret them differently.
Instead of mitigating speech to the wider electorate, Trump took even more acrimonious tone in recent days, while his approval rating continues to fall.
The new rating NBC / Wall Street Journal / Marist, published on Friday, showed that Trump trails Clinton by a wide margin in North Carolina, Virginia and Colorado, and is on a par with her in Florida.
Although Trump usually tries to not apologize for provocative things that said he often accuses his critics in the wrong interpretation of his words and the misunderstanding of his sense of humor.
But as Trump has received renewed attention in recent months, presidential campaign, his jokes made him loyal allies in an awkward position: They have to publicly support it, no matter how provocative nor were his remarks.
Rudolph W. Giuliani, the former mayor of New York, which is one of the most famous alternate Trump, made serious efforts to protect the candidate in an interview with CNN on Thursday.
"I think what he said was acceptable political commentary," said Giuliani, when asked about the authenticity of Trump's assertion that Obama and Clinton founded the Islamic State.
This is true in the sense that before Obama's ISIS was almost unknown malusenkoy organization he named it does not constitute a threat, it is absolutely unfair, and that is why everything happened because he withdrew from Iraq.
Most of the average Republicans assures that the Obama administration, in which Clinton served as Secretary of State, allowed IGILu develop because they failed hard to resolve the situation in the Middle East.
Before the rally in Pennsylvania on Friday, Trump went on Twitter to attack the media for razmusolivanie each of his words and bias against him.
He abused the "poor unhappy" television experts who are trying to decipher it, and said: "It is weak!"
Some Democrats ridiculed excuse for Trump as the superfluous confirmation that it was not suitable for the presidency.
Once the coffee shop is returning to Grinpoynt vetesnen
A coffee shop "Verb" was worn, host only cash place in Uillamsberge, which had no WiFi, but had a good coffee for 15 years.
Of course, it's been pushed out of their premises with a showcase at Bedford Avenue.
Shop Soup "Cherie," which replaced "Verb" in the summer of 2014, sells soap in the form of muffins.
Local residents mourned her as the latest loss in part of the city.
Artist Molly Krabapl wrote on Twitter: "New York is constantly changing, I know, but still can not believe that CBGB is dead, the hotel Chelsea destroyed and" Verb "has now become a soap shop."
But at least New York and is constantly changing, he, in turn, is updated.
The reborn coffee shop "Verb" was opened in November last year in Grinpoynt, less than a mile north of the original location.
In the new "Werbe" there is WiFi and accept credit cards, but there were some of the same staff and a simple atmosphere.
In addition, coffee is still good.
At the head of a new "Verba" is Sisco Rodriguez, a longtime member of the old coffee houses, who is the owner and general manager at the new location.
He began to work in "Werbe" in 2001 and was there until the very end.
When one of the customers offered to donate to his new location, he said he would gladly obeyed.
Rodriguez, who 36 years, much left intact.
"Verb" works with the same beyglov distributor and bought the same model of espresso machines.
It even installed chandeliers from the old "Verba."
But Rodriguez said that he would also like to experiment.
He suggested the new dishes.
The menu includes sandwiches with bacon, egg and cheese, and are available toppingi from capers and roasted onions.
There are dishes of brown rice.
In a coffee shop no longer serves beer, but now prepare freshly squeezed juices.
Nine months later, Rodriguez said that he drew attention to the constant stream of old permanent clients.
"Many former clients of Uillamsberga's price, too," he told.
In one of the recent Sundays Rebecca Oliveira was one of those clients.
Oliveira, 34 years earlier lived in Uillamsberge and frequently visited the "Verb."
Even after she moved to Grinpoynt, she still zaezjala there.
After the closure of the "Verba" she said that she stopped drinking coffee for a while.
"I realized that it is the coffee and the atmosphere appealed to me in" Werbe, "she said.
Now she is again sipping coffee, although that day instead of the usual ice coffee, she ordered a blended tea, another novelty.
Tom Rosenthal, another longtime client, faithfully visited "Verb," since 2003.
He went to work and ordered always one and the same.
"In fifteen minutes of the eighth, every day, both on the clock, I came, and for me to prepare my beigl with butter and with all the stuff," he said.
Rodriguez told that he wanted to experiment and introduced new dishes on the menu.
Today, Rosenthal still makes the normal order, but someday he would change something with bacon, eggs or cheese on beigle with all the stuff.
Rodriguez said that he was not hurt that the shop soap once captured the old place.
What's more, owners "Soup Sheri" offered to produce a special soap for "Verba," using coffee from coffee houses, cooked cold way, as an ingredient.
"I think we may agree to their proposal," said Rodriguez.
Residents of Polish origin Grinpoynt also picked the coffee café.
One of these new clients menu translated into Polish, and Rodriguez said he plans to find a place for him in the window, so that his new neighbors feel welcome.
The new location, there are other benefits.
The local point for sale juice is poured bottles and sell coffee, cooked cold way.
There is a possibility that a coffee shop tags to their cleanliness.
For many clients, it is enough that the new "Verb" will include in the menu of their favorite dishes.
Joseph Witt was a regular customer and he shared that he was killed with grief when they closed down.
When a coffee shop has opened at the new location, Witt said that, once inside and enjoy a cup of coffee, he felt as if returned home.
"How long have I wanted to feel this flavor," he admitted.
Depressive eating depression in the "dense meal"
In March 1933, shortly after the ascent to the presidency, Franklin Delano Roosevelt sat down to dinner in the Oval Office.
As gurmanom, President Roosevelt loved the fashionable dishes of Fifth Avenue, for example, foie gras and Maryland soup snail's pace.
His menu on this day was more modest: Stuffed eggs you can sauce, mashed potato and for dessert - pudding from the prunes.
"It was an act of culinary solidarity with people who have suffered," said Jane Zigelman.
Her husband, Andrew Coe added: "It was also a message from the Americans about how you should eat."
Spouses living in Brooklyn Heights, are specialists in the history of the meal.
The last book Koua, "playing in Chinese," was devoted to the Chinese cuisine in America, and told the story of life in sjmnoy Zigelman apartment in the Lower East Side through a meal in his book "House 97 on orchard street."
Their new collaborative work "dense meal," which will be published on Tuesday by Harper is the history of an American meal in the Great Depression.
While to some extent their own culinary solidarity, they met with a reporter at a dinner in the 's Sandwich Shop, a tiny snack bar in Flatayronskom prostenkoy quarter, which works since 1929, the year of the collapse of the Exchange.
Zigelman, 54, ordered the cream cheese and sandwich with slices of olives, and Coe, 57, took turkey, mashed potato and lettuce mixture.
When the reporter ordered meat, steam saw this as a suitable starting point for a discussion about foods in the era of Depression.
"The rolls are in great demand," said Zigelman.
There was arahisovy chuck, pecnochny chuck, bobovy chuck.
They are made from the main ingredient and cheap products that can stretch ingredient.
Imagine that you ate so many peanuts, how much you need for dinner.
Coe grimaced.
"Maybe he was lying in the stomach," he said.
In the years before the Depression, the American table, especially in rural areas, was a buffet.
Women's groups were preparing for male farm workers, and svejeispecn pie salad for breakfast, lunch and dinner.
It is the Americans sent food to the hungry Europeans during the First World War. "Dense meal" describes how the country cope with the fact that suddenly ceased to be a country of plenty.
"It was a time when food has become a central, sensitive topic for Americans," said Coe, explaining why he and his wife decided to write about it.
In the same complex was a new budget diet: Mysterious dishes such as rolls and zapecanki became staple foods; the cheesecake is "a great way to recycle leftovers," remarked Zigelman - because cooks can hide neappetitnee ingredients under the thick layer of sauce.
Fresh fruits have been replaced by more cheap dried apricots.
Meat, for many years, the former foundation of the American meal, it became economically distributed luxury.
People tried the strange mixture, because the energy and nutritional value have become more important than the taste, and even culinary common sense.
Doing research for the book, which includes recipes, Zigelman baked dish of the epoch: Zapecn onions, jacket peanut butter.
"This addition to the dining table is not a success," said Coe.
Zigelman added: "It was very strange."
Peanut butter is not suited to pecnomu onions.
This was typical of many domovodc recipes.
As never before, and never since home economics specialists - including Louise Stanley, head of the Federal Bureau of Home Economics from 1923 to 1943 - managed eating habits of the country.
Publishing recipes and articles in newspapers and magazines, they advised women to become "budget compilers," to accept the challenge and transform protertsh burdu like spaghetti with carrots in tasty dishes.
"Dense meal" is a feast of interesting historical facts.
Especially picantne stories about the government's response to the hungry citizens, for example, the position of President Herbert Hoover in the spirit of "let them eat cakes."
Publicly extol the simple farm strjapnju Iowa since his childhood, he ate as tranquil a millionaire who became.
"He liked the continental cuisine, for example, fish with ogurechnem sauce," - said Coe.
He ate almost in a gilded dining room, wearing tuxedo.
He was fantastically divorced from reality.
President Roosevelt could commit the same mistake if his wife Eleanor had not advised him to set an example for his own stomach.
As described in the book, Eleanor Roosevelt hired 'economies, which was not asked about the taste, and this led to the White House "is used not only by the most gloomy meal in Washington, but sometimes the most disgusting cooked."
Many of the culinary techniques of Depression were forgotten as soon as the country is on its feet again.
Their legacy is our constant focus on calories and nutritional values, said Zigelman, and on how science was used in cooking.
The couple tell that at the time of writing the book, they will better understand dietary habits Zigelman mother - that she could not throw a meal, for example.
"She was afraid of seriously negligent attitude to food," said Coe.
Zigelman recalls: "She's on full serize poisoned people."
There was one unpleasant experience with profitrolami.
When the plates in the � s are deserted, they took out the dessert with Coe, who prepared at home: Dessert prunes, which President Roosevelt ate for lunch.
"This is called the mousse of prunes," Zigelman said, adding that it was a popular technique is to give a modest recipes catchy names.
There was no whipped cream on, only prunes, a bit of flour, sugar, water and cinnamon.
All reluctantly loaded spoon in a viscous, brown, sticky substance.
Surprisingly, it was good.
Coe has twice requested additives.
The voice of the originator's strong budget, he told his wife: "A bit of log walnuts would not prevented."
The arrest of defendants on a massive fight at Hovanskom cemetery extended until November 14
Presnensky Court upheld until the 14th of November under arrest defendants on a massive fight at Hovanskom cemetery, granting an application investigation.
In the case of an accused are 14 people.
Let's remind, that on May 14 at the cemetery there was a mass scuffle Hovanskom several hundred people from Central Asia and the North Caucasus with weapons, which resulted in the deaths of three people.
The former head of the graveyard Yuri Chabuevu and jurist, co-sponsor public organization "Healthy Nation" Alexandru Bocharnikovu charged with organizing the murder.
The question of the second for 2016 indexation of pensions can be resolved within the next two to three weeks.
This was reported on 12 August, Deputy Chairman of the Government of the Russian Federation Olga Bryanskuu Golodec during a visit in the area.
We have laid down specific parameters of how you want to improve the pension in order to rectify the inflation that exists in the country.
All calculations are made.
Now, economists take account of six months, and we will complete this work within the next two to three weeks, "Golodec Interfax quotes.
Commenting on the proposed head of the Center for Strategic Research, Aleksey Kudrin scheme for raising the retirement age for six months every year, the Deputy Prime Minister stated that the meters do not address this topic.
At the end of July, it became known that The Government agreed a position on the full indexation of pension payments in 2017.
Kamensky and Grigoryan took place in the finale rifle competitions from small-calibre rifle.
Russian athletes Sergei Kamensky and Kirill Grigoryan took place in the finale rifle competitions from small-calibre rifle from the lying on the Olympics in Brazil.
According to TASS, Sergei Kamensky scored 629 points and took the first place is a new Olympic record in the qualification.
Kirill Grigoryan was the second - 628.9 bella.
The finale took place in the eight top athletes.
Kamensky is a world record in this discipline (633).
Turkish opponent Fethullah Gülen calls for an international investigation into the circumstances of the coup attempt in Turkey.
"I demand that an independent international commission conducted an investigation into the coup attempt," Gülen quotes the French newspaper Le Monde.
Turkish opponent also said that "if at least some of the charges was confirmed, I will come back to Turkey."
However, Gülen strongly denies involvement in gosperevorotu, stressing that his organization had never claimed as a political power.
The Court of Istanbul previously arrested in absentia the opposition Islamic preacher Fethullah Gülen.
Let us remind that the attempted military coup took place in Turkey in the night of 15 to 16 July.
Company Gilead will reimburse the costs of legal services at the time of the dispute over the patent of hepatitis C with the company Merck
The company Gilead Sciences Inc has the right to recover the legal costs it incurred in connection with the litigation on the issue of a patent on the cure for hepatitis C with pharmaceutical manufacturer Merck & Co Inc, ruled a federal district judge.
In June, the company Gilead was released from paying $200 million damages for infringement of two patents Merck related to medicines company Gilead, sales leaders, Sovaldi and Harvoni, after a US judge found a number of violations on the part of Merck, including lying under oath and other unethical actions.
When applying to the court on Thursday, US Federal District Court Judge Beth Lebson Freeman said that the company Gilead is entitled to reimbursement of expenses incurred in the course of contesting the claim.
Merck is trying to catch up with Gilead, which dominates the market for a new generation of drugs for hepatitis C, which can cure more than 90 per cent of patients with liver disease.
The case occurred in 2013, when the company Gilead and Merck sued on each other, claiming their rights to laboratory work behind the sofosbuvira, active ingredient pharmaceutical company Gilead.
Armed Forces, created with the support of the US, argue that intercepted Manbidjem full control of the Islamic State of
Armed Forces, created with the support of the US, seized full control of the northern city of Manbij near the Turkish border, after the last remaining in the city of the Islamic State of left, a representative of the group said on Friday.
The Syrian Democratic Forces (ADF) have now swept the city after the completion of the remaining group of militants who were hiding in the city.
They released more than 2,000 civilian hostages who were held by militants, told Reuters Sharfan Darwish from allied with the VTS the military council of Manbij.
"The city is now fully under our control, but we are the stripping operation," he told Reuters.
Clinton earned $10.75 million in 2015 and paid 34.2 per cent of federal tax rates
Hillary Clinton on Friday unveiled their tax returns for the year 2015, which showed that the presidential candidate of the Democratic Party and her husband have had this year, 10.75 million dollars of income and paid an effective federal tax rate of 34.2 per cent.
In 2015, the Clintons have received $1 million in the form of charitable contributions, mostly in the Clinton, former President Bill Clinton has received about $5.3 million dollars in fees for speeches, and former Secretary of State announced earnings of $3 million from publisher Simon & Schuster for her book on her stay at the office at the State Department.
The potential Vice President Clinton, U.S. Senator Tim Kane of Virginia, together with his wife Anna Holton released tax returns for 10 years.
In 2015, they paid an effective federal tax rate of 20.3 per cent.
"Hillary Clinton and Tim Kane continues to set the standard for financial transparency," said in a statement, the Clinton campaign staff adviser Jennifer Palmieri.
In complete contrast, Donald Trump is behind the fake excuses and violates its past promises to disclose their tax returns.
It is usual for US presidential candidates to publish their tax returns, although the law does not require this from them.
The New York businessman Trump and his lawyers called the verification of the State Revenue Service as a reason for his refusal to disclose their tax returns.
"Your turn," tweeted Clinton's campaign staff adviser Ian Sams, referring to the declaration of a candidate from the Democratic Party.
On Thursday, Trump's special adviser Michael Cohen told CNN that Trump will not release them until the end of the inspections.
Trump's critics, including Republican presidential candidate in 2012, Mitt Romney and other fellow Republicans, was told that his refusal raises questions about his condition, his charitable contributions, his business transactions, and other connections, including with Russia.
Clinton seized on this issue and on Friday released the online video, which focused on prominent Republicans who tried to convince Trump to disclose tax reporting.
On Thursday, she raised the issue during a speech on the economy in Michigan.
"He refuses to do what I did, everyone without exception, the presidential candidate for decades: To publish their tax returns," she said crowd.
The newspaper Politico reported that Trump did not pay little or no taxes for two years in the 1990s, and a business columnist for the New York Times on Friday quoted many tax lawyers and accountants who believe that may be the case so far.
The federal tax rates have become the subject of a dispute in the presidential elections.
Clinton supported the rule, named in honor of billionaire investor Warren Buffett that would guarantee that people who receive more than 1 million dollars a year, will pay a tax rate of at least 30 per cent.
President Barack Obama also supported the proposal.
At the meeting with Clinton last week in Omaha, Nebraska, Buffett, whose conglomerate Berkshire Hathaway is based there, suggested that Trump should meet and exchange tax forms.
Buffett said that he, too, is under the test of the IRS, and that Trump was "not afraid" of the agency to collect taxes, and voters.
Clinton's election unveiled tax returns until 2007.
The Clintons, who now live in Chappaqua, New York, paid an average federal tax rate of about 32 per cent from 2007 to 2014 and effective combined tax rate of approximately 40.5 per cent.
Declaration of the Clintons for 2015 showed that, unlike the majority of Americans, for only $100 from their source of income were wages.
Their main investment was low cost index mutual fund, and the Clintons have declared dividends and income from capital in the amount of $109,000.
Additional reportage Kevin Drobo; editor Jonathan Oatis
Condoms with chili powder and fireworks increase the protection of Tanzanian elephants
Environmental activists in Tanzania are using an innovative way to prevent elephants wandering into human settlements - throw them condoms, filled with chili powder.
The method proved to be effective, and the Honeyguide Foundation, which came up with the idea a few years ago, together with the American Committee for the Protection of Nature made its move to teach volunteers in the villages of northern Tanzania to use nonviolent, consisting of four steps, a way to protect their homes and crops without harming animals.
Previously, many used a spear to protect themselves.
On Friday, the World Day of elephants will be dedicated to the protection of animals.
"Ever since we invented a set of tools... we are seeing a change of attitude within these communities, as a result, they are much more confident that they can keep elephants in their fields without causing harm elephants," said in a statement, executive director of the Honeyguide Damian Bell.
The first two steps are the torch in front of the breached border zajjenii elephant and signals through the horns.
If he could not scare away, then drop out of the so called "cloud chili."
Chili powder, mixed with soil, placed with hlopushkoy in a condom and the end of the form, from the outside is only a fuse.
The ignition a condom bursting with a rattle, spraying fine dust chili powder in the air.
One that is usually enough to deploy the elephant on the other side.
Last resort is a starting device that shoots roman candles in the air, producing a loud, bright explosion.
In Turkey has still not returned 32 Turkish diplomat who left the country after the coup in July of this year.
Such data has led Turkish FM Mevlut tens in an interview with local journalists.
At the first stage we have withdrawn 208 career diplomats that they continued to work at the centre.
Of these, 32 people without objective reasons and explanations did not return, "said the head of the Turkish Foreign Ministry.
Recall that in July, there was an attempted coup d'état in Turkey.
The authorities have officially stated that the gosperevorot failed, and also reported on the arrest of more than six thousand people, among them, military officials and supervisors.
As a result of the coup were killed, according to the Turkish Ministry of Foreign Affairs, 290 people.
The Jewish director slammed Berlin hotel for the removal of Israel's dialling code to the "request" of the Arabs, told RT News Channel
French director of Jewish origin unleashed a scandal in the media to discover that Kempinski Hotel Bristol in Berlin is not in the list of Israel's dialling code, employees refer to "request" by the Arab clients.
Claude Lanzmann, the author of the Holocaust documentary "Shoah," expressed his dissatisfaction with the Kempinski Hotel Bristol in Berlin, wrote an open letter to the German FAZ media.
During his recent stay in Hotel Lanzmann attempted to find Israel in the list of telephone codes, provided by the hotel.
The country, however, was not mentioned among the nations where you can call them directly from the room.
How did it happen that in 2016, in Berlin, the capital of the new Germany, Israel expelled and iskorenn?
Lanzmann wrote.
Instead of the Kempinski Bristol provides an opportunity to recruit Israel through its own call centre.
In the search for explanations for the director raised this issue at our front desk.
The answer that he was there, according to Lanzmana, "shocked him."
The hotel clerk said that this measure was "a deliberate decision guide network Kempinski."
The reason behind this step aroused even more anger of the director.
"Most of our guests, the Arabs, and they demanded that Israel's code has been removed," he said, according to the Lanzmana, an employee of the hotel.
The Israeli Ambassador to Germany Jacob Hadas Handelsman and called the case "a terrible shame," Sony Corporation Zeitung newspaper reports.
We were shocked and shocked by the incident.
Is, in fact, a terrible disgrace.
The fact that it happened in Germany and it is in this network of hotels, even more shame.
Explanations here is not needed.
We expect that the hotel will make the right conclusions, "the official said.
The case has caused a lot of resonance in the internet; people called it a scandal.
Some have argued that the Kempinski Hotel simply "went on about" the alleged claims of Arab clients.
"Resets," said in another post, stating that the hotel is located on the glorious street Kurfurstendamm, located next to the synagogue.
The hotel hastened to refute any accusations, calling the incident "an oversight" and "sorry" before Lanzmanom, Der Spiegel newspaper reports.
"There was no direct order not to include Israel in a list of rapid recruitment," the newspaper quoted a representative of the Kempinski Sony Corporation Zeitung.
She adds that the code is now added.
Police used tear gas and rubber bullets against protesters of Brazilian students
The students clashed with the police in the Brazilian city of São Paulo on Thursday, when gathered to protest against government reforms of the public education system.
The police used tear gas and rubber bullets against protesters.
The unrest began when police tried to disperse the students, resulting in the police used rubber bullets and tear gas.
Several hundred students took part in a demonstration to express their concern about the plans.
In accordance with the proposals of the Governor of the State of São Paulo, Geraldo Alckmin almost 100 public secondary schools will be closed, and 300,000 students will be redistributed to save money.
Some of the participants of the protest could see the writing on the walls of graffiti against the interim President Michael Temer.
This latest protest happened in just a few days after protesters took to the streets en masse to support otstrannnogo President Dilma Rousseff, when the Senate voted for her impeachment.
Trade between Russia and Iran has increased by 71 per cent - said RT Business Portal
With the lifting of the sanctions trade between Moscow and Tehran increased by 70.9 per cent compared with the previous year, according to Russia's ambassador in Iran Jagaryan Levan.
Since the international sanctions against Iran were removed, there is a growing interest on the part of Russian firms to conduct business in the country, the ambassador said.
Russian companies are resuming ties with Iran, and new firms are ready to gain access to the market.
Of course, further expansion of trade is one of the main priorities of bilateral cooperation with Iran, "said Jagaryan.
He noted that during the first five months of 2016, trade turnover between Russia and Iran increased by 70.9 per cent compared with the same period in 2015, and $856 million.
In particular, Russian exports to Iran rose by 91.5 per cent to $697 million.
Russian imports from Iran increased by 16 per cent, to $158 million dollars.
Increase in trade has been achieved through the supply of machinery, vehicles and weapons, "said Ambassador.
Also Jagaryan predicts that this year, Russia will see a record number of Iranian tourists.
Last year, Russia's diplomatic representation in Iran has issued about 35,000 visas, mostly tourist, the citizens of Iran.
In addition, for the first time, Iran entered the top 20 countries for the number of tourists visiting Russia.
It is safe to say that last year's record for the number of Iranian tourists visiting Russia, be broken, "he said.
At the same time, relatively few Russians visited Iran, which Ambassador hopes that will change.
"I personally recommend a visit to the city of Isfahan, Shiraz and Yazd, where the monuments of ancient Persian civilization remain in good condition," he said.
The State continues to tighten the screws in the defense industrial complex.
Cause for dismissal was a "systematic failure" assignments director general of Almaz - Antes, "" omissions "and" loss of confidence. "
The head of the NGOs over the next three years, appointed Gennady Bender.
Information on the dismissal of Neskorodova appeared only on Thursday evening and has not caused a wide resonance in the media.
How to explain this silence in a massive rearmament of the army?
Most likely, the Russian leadership does not want to spread any rumours or negative assumptions in a public environment.
This further demonstrates that the military industrial complex (GBC), there are many problems, and the state does not want to draw attention to them by society.
Removal Neskorodova is undoubtedly an important event in terms of bringing order in the industry.
NGO "Almaz" is the principal company, which specializes in the production of surfacetoair missiles (SAM) sea and land bases.
Currently, "Almaz" is working to create a HVM "Poliment - redoubt" and "Morpheus," which is scheduled to install the new corvettes, frigates, destroyers and cruisers.
The founder of the portal Military Russia Dmitry Kornev believes that Neskorodova dismissal due to the collapse of deadlines on these projects.
This version is the most logical.
For example, the development of "Morfeya" began back in 2007, and as commissioned in 2013.
"Poliment - redoubt" should become the main air defense system on the latest naval ships.
The information that I get, for a few years of testing was not committed any truly successful test.
It is true, as far as I can tell, there is no unambiguous guilt "gored," Kornev said.
He feared that the delay in commissioning can happen and the HVM "C to 500."
Design work on the project has not yet been completed, but in 2016, the first complexes should reach the troops.
In the Defense Ministry say that "work is routine and everything will be completed in a timely manner," although in 2014, the agency acknowledged that there were problems with the development of the P 500.
It is extremely difficult to assess the competencies Neskorodova who directed "Almaza" in 2011.
Kornev found that disruption project deadlines can be both the cause and the cause of the dismissal.
According to him, in recent years it has become extremely difficult to get information about the internal processes in the PJC and business management plans.
The industry received a long term orders for tens of billions of rubles, and big money, as we know, love the silence.
As a rule, the director of defence companies go with posts of their own accord, under an agreement of the parties or transferred to another job.
In this case, the removal happened publicly, though did not find resonance.
It is tempting to think that the leader of the "gored" was probably a figure of the Shrew and resisted from above "raznaradkam hopping lander vehicle."
Apparently, with the behavior of the State will no longer be tolerated.
Shareholders' hands it will dismiss those who prefers to argue with DOD installations and does not perform the tasks.
At the same time, the Russian leadership seeks to punish thieving managers (machinations at the Zvezda shipyard).
Increased attention to the problems of the sector is the president personally.
Vladimir Putin is headed by the Military Industrialization Commission and holds periodic meetings on rearmament.
The Kremlin protects the ranks of managers of the PJC, seeking to have the loyal membership of directors, which will be derived from the top order.
So far neidealnaya policies, but against a backdrop of rampant corruption and a lack of normal competition in the PJC other tools of the government.
The current situation in the defence sector is certainly not catastrophic, but the current geopolitical situation stimulates the Kremlin as soon as possible to bring in the Armed Forces.
In parallel with the "cleansing" of managers in the PJC leadership of Russia is quite successful steps to improve the professionalism of Russian troops.
Composition of the army has acquired a new quality with the advent of the post of Defense Minister Sergei Shoigu.
It seems that the President has adopted a famous saying "Wonna peace, prepare for war."
During the Cold War, the military power of the USSR and made in the 1970s, nuclear parity led to the conclusion of the Helsinki Pact, allocating to Moscow's sphere of influence on the continent.
With all the shortcomings of the bipolar system, it worked quite effectively.
Proof of this was the absence of wars on the European continent and a relatively stable situation in the Middle East.
The triumph of the "winners" in the Cold War eventually resulted in the strengthening of international terrorism.
After a series of terrorist attacks in Europe and the USA in the "civilized world," perhaps there was no one quiet corner.
Despite the general trouble, the West refuses to talk with Russia at the level of equal partner.
In such circumstances, the only allies of our country remain the fleet and the army.
Increased military power would allow Moscow to defend the national interests and broken new ground in world politics.
Scot CALLUM Skinner hurtling at the finish line, resulting in the British capture cycling gold
Scot CALLUM Skinner rushed to the triumph in the men's team at Sprint d'Hiver in Rio last night, resulting in a team trio of Great Britain defended its title from London 2012.
23 year old native of Glasgow was in the role of the strongest, which his fellow Scot Sir Chris Hoy has made its own, and the young man proudly went into the history, promchavshis on the finish line to snatch victory from the favorite team from New Zealand.
Britain claimed the right to unexpected victory four years ago, winning, when Hoey stated right to a fifth of its six Olympic gold medals.
And they repeated the trick after the sixth race modestly at the March World Cup UCI Track Cycling World Championships in London, despite the fact that Hui since finished his career.
Matter between Beijing and London was the replacement of a specialist participant Jamie Staff.
They have done so precisely at a time when the Hindes appeared.
Caring Hoey also created the emptiness that Kian Emadi and Matt Crampton attempted to fill.
Skinner was a man who adhered to the British coaches, seeing potential in shotlandce, which has now been implemented.
Hindes, Kenny - champions with Hoi four years ago - and Skinner set Olympic record in the qualification, but Norm was surpassed by New Zealand in the first round.
And the British trio has won the duel for gold.
Hindes was exactly behind after his circle, but Kenny pushed the team forward, and Skinner has supported.
Change of strategy was a big part of the transformation, where Hindes rode on more gear to slow down and let Kenny and, in particular, Skinner to keep pace.
Hoi watched from his seat as a panellist BBC and caught sight Skinner, Kenny and Hindesa when they entered on a pedestal.
23 year old Skinner from Glasgow, said: "It is flattering comparison."
I am here to do everything we can to make a name for himself.
We have set an Olympic record in the finals and defeated the world champions.
It was incredible.
There is no better way to win.
After the triumph in London in 2012, along with Kenny and Hoy, Hindes admitted deliberately fell to the track after a false start.
He later disavowed the comment, and there was no way to file an appeal by the British competitors.
It was not such an issue at this time in the greatest victory.
Hindes said: "I felt like in London, with all the flags of Great Britain on the podium."
We all as a team met in the last three months.
We were losing for so many races of the world that win the Olympiad again was simply amazing.
This is one event, one gold medal for the country, which has won seven of the 10 racing titles in both Beijing and London.
If this is a barometer of progress in the past five months, then Stade Vélodrome waiting for another five successful days.
With the form shown by Kenny, it's not outside the room to see how he repeats the feat Hoey, having won three Olympic gold medals in the same Games.
This would see how Kenny - who exactly 12 years younger than Hoey, who also was born on March 23 (this seems to be the sacred date in British sport, which is also the birthday of Steve is, Mo Farah and Roger Bannistera) - brings your account up to six gold medals and one silver.
It would also like the Hoey.
Next time Kenny compete in Sprint, which begins today and is being played out over the course of three days.
28 years old from Bolton, said: "I just enjoy the now.
Team competitions are always the best.
You come to win with their comrades.
A bit lonely win one, to be honest.
Hindes said: "If he wins two more gold medals, he must obtain rycarstvo."
It was the only one day raffle medals, but there were further good news for Britain.
Sir Bradley Wiggins, Ed Clancy, Steven Burke and Owen classified the fastest Dull tetrackilometrovoy command race persecution for four.
They race in 3: 51.943.
The world record set when winning gold at London 2012, is 3: 51.659.
The first round and finale (10: 42 pm) will be held today, during the second day of the event, where Wiggins will be exactly in the center of attention.
He had a discussion with the commissioners yesterday, on the eve of qualifying arrival, when officials asked him to measure his weight.
In the women's event, which is resumed and ends tomorrow, Laura Trott, Joanna Rousell Shend, Elinor Barker and Kathy Archibald from Milngavi improved world record, showing time 4: 13.260.
Team Great Britain came to the fact that relies on the mighty team of cyclists to take the property of the average period of the Olympic Games and earn a pile of medals.
After a really exceptional demonstrations of complete superiority in Beijing and London, expectations weakened in the gradual preparation for Rio.
Drama has been on the back burner, not the last - withdrawal from the post of technical director Shane Sutton in April because of the accusations of sexism and oppression, and the departure of major figures, such as Hoy and Victoria Pendelton.
However, on the basis of the race of the first evenings at d'Hiver, it seems that the now legendary glory of Great Britain towards the peaks at the right time, it may just be repeated again.
The future of Portland metallurgical plant under threat because of the termination of the contract for electricity
The future of Portland aluminium smelter in Victoria - as well as the jobs of hundreds of workers are threatened by the fact that the electric power company, which supplies the plant, according to one of the owners of the plant, is going to terminate the contract of supply: It is planned that all of the supply contract will be terminated.
This step is a consequence of the decision taken earlier this year by the Government of Victoria, not to renew subsidies to support the operation of the plant.
A fixed subsidy for 20 years expires in November.
Up to 2,000 jobs could be under threat at the Alcoa plant in Portland.
As many as 2,000 jobs - directly and indirectly - may be at risk as a result of any closure.
There may also be additional indirect effects as well as the metallurgical plant consumes about 10 per cent of all electricity generated in Victoria.
In 2014, Alcoa closed the Metallurgical Plant at Point Henry, which resulted in the closure of power plants in Englsi last year.
Portland Metallurgical Plant Alcoa loses money and is in danger of closing.
These actions are the result of thinking about the future of the factory, continuing for several years, initially because of the strong position of the Australian dollar and, later, because of the price of the products of the plant.
The company AGL, which supplies the large aluminium plant electricity with its Loy Yang A power station in the Latrobe Valley, reported that expects that the other three owner also will take steps to terminate the contract.
Controlling share of the factory belongs to the short joint venture companies, Alcoa and alumina, and Chinese company CITIC and the Japanese company Marubeni Corp owns a smaller share.
"The company AGL expects Portland facility will continue to work, that is, the physical demand for electricity from the metallurgical plant will not cease," she said.
According to the company, AGL, the contracts are so called 'hedged' contracts that were supposed to come into force in November 2016.
The contracts are 12 months of termination, so they actually will end in 2017.
"Accordingly, the company AGL still expects that these contracts will bring its share of income in fiscal year 2017," said electric power company.
Any potential impact on the profits of the company AGL starting in 2018 fiscal year to date is limited projections for strong futures market for wholesale electricity prices.
The company AGL said that has already reduced the amount of contracts in its reporting on the 187 million dollars in mind "the upcoming dissolution."
According to Alcoa, the decision to terminate the contracts "does not affect Alcoa's ability to manage the metallurgical plant or provide a supply of electricity at the Metallurgical Plant."
The American company said that in 2010, contracted to Loy Yang 20 years of the contract, which was due to come into force in November of this year, but it has yet to explain why it terminated the contract.
Analysts feared the possible closure of Portland as a metallurgical plant in Victoria and near the Newcaslom Tomago plant due to the unfavourable economic situation in the industry.
Referring to analysts earlier this week, Chief of the operation of the company AGL Stephen Mikkelsen said that Portland employs about 600 megawatts of energy annually, and Tomago - about 900 megawatts.
If both of these plant will withdraw from the market, will be a significant reduction in demand in the market [electricity].
For us, as a manufacturer, it would be bad, "he said.
Not only reality TV star Kardashian, Kendall on the cover of the September issue of Vogue
Kendall Jenner, 20 years of age, model and the fourth daughter of the Kardashian / Jenner clan mother manager Chris, appeared on the cover of the American magazine Vogue this September.
Kendall, who is the face of the brand Estee. SOC. And defilirovala at fashion weeks in Milan, Paris and New York, reported this news in your account in Instagrame on Thursday.
"Being in a room together with my favourite people, I looked at the cover and began to cry," wrote Kendall.
The news about the cover was accompanied by a strange (or just in the spirit of "Family Kardashian"?), the reality video, in which the whole family Kardashian / Jenner (deboshirs Rob and Kathleen, also joined him universal most beloved uncle of show business, producer of "Family Kardashian" Ryan Seacrest), forgot the emergence of the sisters on the cover, and at the end is a classic twist: They were planning a surprise.
This is the standard storyline of almost all the episodes of the children's television show hosts birthday (Seacrest utters the phrase: "You thought we forgot about you?" With sincerity cartoon rabbit from the program at 8 a.m.), but Chris was needed to win the glory in one way or another, and the other girls.
Because this episode devoted for the September issue of Vogue, we certainly have entered a new era of the show Kardashian.
Let the older sister Kendall Kim and landed on the cover of Vogue earlier (she appeared on it with her husband Kanye expert in April 2014), but the September cover of the magazine is an achievement in itself.
The September issue of Vogue is the most sold for the year.
Thick like a gift edition rather than a fashion magazine, issue attracts a huge number of advertisers (according to the fashionista portal, 615 pages from last year's release 832 pages contain ads).
News about who the stars might stick on its cover, so eagerly awaited, that in the last two years, photos of the magazine merged prior to the official announcement.
The number of the previous women caught on the cover, include Naomi Campbell, Linda Evangelista and Kate Moss.
In recent years, on the cover, of course, was presented more "celebrities who work models" than "models, which are the celebrities."
Academy Award and a person brand Dior Jennifer Lawrence was presented on the cover in 2013, a year after this honor is granted to Lady Gaga.
But even in the unlikely event that Jenner, which the magazine described as "exemplary model" of his generation, falls into the first category, she is in good company.
These celebrities are not relatives of famous people, stars of reality shows or contemporary children who know how to make a good video in Snapchat (although Jenner falls into all of these categories).
Is really talented women, successful in the entertainment industry.
For Beyoncé Knowles, appeared on the cover of last year, this year was one of the most successful in the quarry in connection with the release of the album of Lemonade.
Of course, not all are happy success of Jenner.
The Jenner in the world of fashion, because of her past stars of a TV reality show, it should always remain tenuous.
In June, one of the first Victoria's Secret model Stephanie Seymour attacked Jenner and her colleague Gigi Hadid, calling them "bitches moment."
These sentiments with seething again after the news of the emergence of Jenner on the cover of Vogue.
But there is no sense to dwell on the displeasure.
Kendall Jenner on the cover of the September issue of Vogue.
It is supermodel in every sense of the word.
She gather for Marc Jacobs.
She sells you a healthier way of Estee. SOC..
She and all her sisters, sell you their photos in their own applications, available for a subscription fee.
She sells hand made photographs of daughter Cindy Crawford magazine LOVE.
And in his spare time, perhaps to still visits with his sister Courtney and her children, she is participating in a reality show on television.
Community legal centres are denied to serve 160,000 people per year
Every year, more than 160,000 of the least protected members of the population are denied services in the community legal centres, as the sector prepares to effect, which will further funding cuts on already stretched to the ongoing activities.
In Queensland, three out of five people - mostly the elderly, immigrants, unprotected workers, victims of violence, people who are unable to deal with the unjust deprivation of property, and so on - have already been denied, trying to get free legal assistance and representation.
Public legal services are already working outside the opportunities, are bracing for further reductions.
From June next year, these legal centres should lose another 30 per cent of the federal funding.
The Queensland Community Legal Centres Director James Farrell said that, according to a report released last census of the National Association of Community Legal Centres, already thousands of people a year are denied.
Farrell said that if the decision of the federal government will not be revoked, the situation will only get worse.
"Community legal centres of Queensland continuously underfunded: It means that thousands of people are denied vital services they need," he said.
People who leave violent relationships, people with uncontrollable and ruinous debts, families going through divorce, unfairly dismissed workers - all of these people have legal problems, and this report shows that they could not get the help they need.
The federal government would curtail funding by 30 per cent since June 2017, which means thousands of less vulnerable Queenslanders will be forced to deal with the complex legal issues without assistance.
We call on the Minister of Justice and the Queensland Senator George Brandisa immediately cancel these funding cuts, so that people can get the necessary assistance when they are faced with legal problems.
Last year, the State Government has fulfilled its commitment to raise funding for free legal assistance to the national average.
Now is the time to draw attention to the needs of the community legal centres and communities, their customers, and it is time for the Government Palatuk them to invest in this important work.
At the headquarters of Donald Trump sued after the officer allegedly threatened with a pistol
According to reports from New York, at the headquarters of Donald Trump sued: Allegedly did nothing headquarters after reports that its operational director in North Carolina threatened at gunpoint employee when they were travelling in a jeep in February.
The incident was described in a lawsuit filed Wednesday in state court in Charlotte Vincentom Bordini, former instructor to work with software in the election headquarters in the state.
Bordini said he waited for a few months to allow an internal problem, but realized that "this will not happen."
Director Earl Phillip "drew a pistol, put his right index finger on the trigger and sent the muzzle to the patella Vincent," Bordini alleges in the complaint.
Complaining in local and regional management of campaign staff, Bordini realized that at least four people have become members of similar incidents with Phillip, is approved for treatment.
"Pistoletam does not necessarily shoot to cause harm," said Bordini in complaint.
The lawsuit occurred just two days after Republican presidential candidate revolutionized furore, saying listeners in North Carolina that "people Second Amendment" is understood as the owners of weapons and his lovers - may begin to act if his rival Hillary Clinton will be elected and will be able to choose judges.
Trump's election, said that the media tore his words out of context, and that he had not spoken out in support of the violence.
In his complaint Bordini demands compensation from the campaign staff for slipshod control, and from Phillip - for assault, assault and infliction of emotional harm.
Trump's representative Hope Hicks failed to respond to a request for comment.
Attempts to talk to Phillip did not succeed.
WCCB, local news partner in Charlotte, reported that Phillip has recently resigned from the campaign staff.
In response to a call in his consulting firm, Innovative Consulting Services, no one has called me back quickly.
The Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump held a controversial campaign.
Case: Bordini v. Donald J. Trump For President Inc., 16 - CS - 14300, General Court, Division of the Superior Court for the District of Mecklenburg (Charlotte).
Britain must redirect the Olympic spirit and expand Heathrow
Heathrow will also bring revival and prosperity not only in our local communities and in the whole of London, but also throughout the country.
As for me, it was exactly the great advantage of Heathrow, just as it was with London 2012, where we have made every effort to ensure that our nations and regions have benefited from the Games.
The Olympic Games have brought great benefits to Stratford and East End.
And we will do so again, creating opportunities for local residents and firms close to Heathrow.
Only for our human settlements here we will create 10,000 new internships, 40,000 new jobs and put an end to youth unemployment around the airport.
Just as it was before the London 2012 will be those who think that the task of expanding Heathrow is too ambitious.
I was told that Britain will never be ready for the Olympic Games, and that we will find ourselves in a quandary on the world stage.
The skeptics were wrong in 2012, and they prove wrong about the Heathrow.
There are always obstacles that must be overcome, but Heathrow responds to any question asked of him.
Like the Olympic Games Heathrow is an infrastructure project for the majority, not only to a narrow circle.
Expansion is the ability to create up to 180,000 new jobs, 211 billion pounds of economic growth, leaving a legacy of skills and employment, both around the airport and across the United Kingdom.
We have a great team at Heathrow, which has introduced a programme of 11 billion pounds of infrastructure investment on time and within budget, from T5 - elected the best airport terminal five consecutive years, until T2, built in the middle of two of the most busy in the world of runways.
Now they are ready to provide a third runway, confirmed by 16 billions of pounds of private investment.
The Olympic Games in London 2012 was a huge success for Great Britain, and I am sure that the expansion of Heathrow would be too.
It is time for us to send the Olympic spirit in the right direction and to expand Heathrow, ensuring that our commercial future and creating a legacy of skills and employment, which Britain can be proud of.
Lord Paul Deighton - chairman of the Heathrow and former Treasury Commercial Attaché
Adblock Plus, Facebook played in the "cat and mouse" on the issue of blocking ads
For companies who earn money on internet advertising, attempts to circumvent the software to block ads represent a game of "cat and mouse," according to one of the companies that create such software.
On Thursday, just a couple of days after Facebook announced that it would block blokiriki advertising on its desktop version of the site, Adblock Plus has published a blog entry that the users can update their filters in the program to block ads in the social network again.
On Tuesday, Facebook announced that the desktop version of the site will change papers around its advertising to blokirikam advertising has become more difficult to recognize which parts of the page are advertisements.
But Adblock now declares that he was able to circumvent the new code.
In its publication in the blog of the Adblock Ben Williams wrote that "this kind of mutual struggle between the community blockirovtikov advertising open source and those who try to circumvent it, has been ongoing since the invention of blocking advertising," and it is possible that Facebook will make its own decision in the near future.
The fact that the world's largest social network has entered the fray, is a clear sign of how a major problem became blokiriki advertising for the industry.
Worldwide, approximately 200 million people use blokiriki advertising, according to a study last year Pagefair and Adobe; nearly four times the number of those who have used such software in 2013.
Given the 1.3 billion daily active users who access Facebook via mobile devices, mobile advertising now accounts for 84 per cent of Facebook's revenues from advertising.
However, the company is on the hunt for highwaymen advertisements on the desktop version as well as mobile advertising blokiriki ineffective in mobile Facebook applications for social networks and Instagrame, according to the representative.
But still advertising in the desktop version is a fairly profitable article that Facebook has found a profitable investment.
Also on Thursday, Facebook announced that it is going to update its tool "advertising preferences" to give people more control over how they targetiruets advertising.
On Thursday, Facebook stated that the new Adblock filters are worrying, because they will also block some nereclamny content on the site.
"It will not be a positive experience for people, and we plan to solve this problem," said a representative of Facebook in an official email.
Advertising Blokiriki is a blunt instrument, so we instead focused on creating tools such as Advertising preference to put the management in the hands of the people.
The woman moved to the Swiss highway in the episode of apparent suicide
The victim was on the highway in the middle of the night.
The police urged witnesses, after the woman moved a few vehicles on the freeway early Thursday morning in an apparent suicide.
The incident occurred on the A1 near Morges in the canton of Vaud shortly after midnight on Thursday.
The woman fell on the road in the dark "in a gesture of despair," and her hit several vehicles, Vaud police said in a statement.
Obviously trying to kill himself, the victim, a Swiss woman at the age of 49 years, hit several vehicles, including a truck.
She died on the spot.
A few of the drivers have already interviewed, but the identity of some hitherto unknown, informed the police, which encourages them and anyone else who witnessed the incident, to respond.
A criminal case was opened, "logical" step in such a situation, said the lawyer Gilles Hofstetter Le Tribune de Geneve.
But it remains to be seen whether someone from the drivers involved to bring charges.
It was not possible to avoid the shock?
This is what should determine the prosecutor, "said Hofstetter.
Two other similar cases in the past five years suggest that drivers will not be held responsible.
In each case, both of which involve person walking in the dark on the highway - a sentence that motorists may not expect a chance encounter with a pedestrian on a highway in the middle of the night, the newspaper said.
In the past year, the officer was acquitted of causing death by negligence, after she struck and killed a man lying on the A1 near Payerne at night in August 2014.
The 22 year old victim drank and fainted on the road, the court heard.
The court found that a female police officer, who responded to an emergency call - managed the vehicle in a way that was justified, and that the existence of man on the road was "totally exclusive and unpredictable situation," said the judge.
Anyone who has information about the incident on Thursday near Morges, should call the police on 021 644 83 46 or 021 644 44 44.
The NASA climate model: Venus was once inhabited
Venus, perhaps was once inhabited, according to a new NASA climate model.
Scientists from the Goddard Institute for Space nasovskogo study developed a model for the study of the past of Venus, using tools and algorithms, similar to those which apply climate scientists.
The model was developed in order to determine whether or not able to Venus, with its hot waterless surface and atmosphere, overpopulated, carbon dioxide, someday exist conditions similar to Earth.
Scientists had previously assumed that a small speed of Venus due to its dense atmosphere.
But the most recent modeling suggests that Venus is likely to have a rarefied atmosphere similar to Earth's, and still rotate slowly.
The model also considered the topography of early Venus.
The planet is likely to have more arid regions than on Earth, but once there was enough water and sufficient geographic variability, in order to create the conditions for life and prevent rapid evaporation.
Early Venus also went in favor of the sun, which was 30 per cent duller.
"According to the model of GISS, slow rotation of Venus exposes her day toward the sun for almost two months at a time," explained in a press release from Anthony Del Henio GISS scientist.
It warms the surface of the planet and produces rain, which creates a thick layer of clouds, acting as an umbrella that protects the surface of the planet from a significant portion of the solar heat.
The result is the average climatic temperature, which, surprisingly, a few degrees cooler than in our days on Earth.
The model shows the history of Venus, similar to development, which previously consisted of specialists to study the planets.
Despite the fact that the Venus may be habitable, it over several billion years was exposed to too much heat and ultraviolet radiation.
Her oceans evaporated and its water vapor was vyzhjen ultraviolet radiation.
When her hydrogen alite, remained only a dense atmosphere of carbon dioxide with a lethal greenhouse effect - that is, Venus, as we know it today.
The researchers shared the results of its new climate model of Venus in the journal Geophysical Research Letters.
Patrick Roy leaves as coach of the Avalanche
Patrick Roy resigned as coach and vice president of Hockey Colorado Avalanche on Thursday, citing a lack of influence in the decision making process in a team.
Executive Vice President / General Manager C.S.M. Joe Sakic's team confirmed the news and noticed that the club will start to look for a new coach immediately.
"Over the past three years, I have performed my duties of head coach and vice president of the Colorado Avalanche hockey with energy, passion and determination," said the 50 year old Roy in a statement.
During the summer, I thought long and hard about how I could improve this command to give it the necessary depth and raise it to a higher level.
In order to achieve this goal, vision coach and vice president of hockey operations should ideally coincide with the vision of the organization.
It should also have the right to vote in decisions that affect the work of the team.
These conditions are not fulfilled at this time.
Sakic, who hired Roy on May 23, 2013, thanked Roy for his contribution to the team.
"Patrick told me about his decision today," said Sakic.
We appreciate everything he has done for our organization, and wish him success in the future.
Roy became a laureate Jack Adams Award as the best coach of the league during his first season with the Avalanche in 2013 and 2014.
He led the club to 112 points and victory in the Central Division, but Colorado Minnesotoy was defeated in the first round of the play offs and was losing the playoffs the last two years.
The Avalanche announced the 39 - 39 - 4 season 2015 - 2016 and the five glasses lagged behind the team Wild in the fight for the second preferential putvku to participate in the Western Conference.
Goalkeeper from the Hall of Fame, Roy won the Stanley Cup four - two with the Montreal Canadiens and the Avalanche.
The North Sea oil industry workers resume talks and suspend strike
Workers strike on the issue of wages in the North Sea oil workers have been suspended, and all sides of the debate are embarking on a new round of negotiations, told leading representatives of the parties.
Strike against the oilfield services company Wood Group sporadically arranged on platforms in the North Sea, operated by Royal Dutch Shell.
"Wood Group and unions Unite and the RMT can confirm that we have agreed to resume the negotiation process to resolve the ongoing disputes," the joint statement said.
We will hold several meetings for a full day over the next few weeks, starting from the beginning of next week to look at the problem with fresh eyes.
Trade unions reported that their recent event, which they said was the first of more than 25 years, was directed against the potential salary reductions of up to 30 per cent.
Company Wood Group this year has reduced the rates paid to contract employees working in the North Sea, approximately 9 per cent due to the negative tension in the market.
Lowering the rates of the company occurred after a 10 per cent decline rates for contract employees working on the shore, in 2014.
The company said the additional reductions will give it the space needed to overcome the downturn of the market.
The company Shell, for its part, has cut thousands of people and has announced plans to stop oil and gas activities in the amount of up to 10, as it streamlines its operations, owing to its mega merger with British energy company BG Group.
Energy companies are under pressure due to the reduced prices of unrefined oil: The economic situation has deteriorated because of the decision to withdraw from the European Union, adopted in June, Great Britain.
Scottish Member of Parliament Dave Anderson met with union leaders earlier this week to discuss one of the largest labour conflicts arising in the North Sea in our era.
The North Sea, he said, is vital to the regional economy.
"In the North Sea, and indeed across the country, we need an economy that works for the majority, not just for some," he said in a statement.
Cost less than $1.4 billion for new projects in the North Sea is expected in 2016, in contrast with an average value of about $7 billion over the past five years.
Kepler measures the speed of stars in the Pleiades cluster of
The last mission of the Kepler space telescope has helped astronomers to collect the most comprehensive catalogue of speeds of stars within globular Pleiades.
The new data will help astronomers to understand why stars in supernovae revolve with different velocities, as well as the rotational periods correlate with the formation of the planets.
"We hope that by comparing our results with other star mounds, we learn more about the relationship between the mass of a star, its age and even the history of the solar system," - said in a press release Louise Riball, Fellow, Centre for infrared processing and analysis at the California Institute of Technology.
Of Pleiades is located at 445 light years from Earth.
Many stars in the supernovae now only reach maturity; they were born approximately 125 million years ago.
They revolve as fast as never will be.
At its peak speeds of rotation of these adolescent stars emit large quantities of mesmerizing wind.
Traveling through the magnetic fields of stars, these winds are the stars inhibitory effects.
With the ageing of the stars its speed is beginning to slow down.
Kepler measures the speed of each of the stars, tracking the time between the emergence of recognizable stellar spots - such as sun spots.
The newest catalogue speeds suggests that a more massive stars revolve more slowly than less massive stars.
Stars Riball compares with dancers: Larger make pirouettes slower than smaller.
"In the" ballet "Pleiades, we observe that those who revolve slowly, usually more massive, while those that spin faster, usually refer to very easy stars," said Riball.
As the concentration of Pleiades is so close, it serves as an ideal space laboratory to compare the properties of stars with rotation speeds.
"Star cluster Pleiades provides a starting point for theoretical models of rotating stars, both junior and senior," - told Riball.
We want to know a lot more about how, where and why the stars slow down the speed of their speed and hang on a nail their "dance shoes," figuratively speaking.
Riball and her colleagues have set out its latest analysis of the Pleiades speeds in three new articles, which will soon be published in the Astronomical Journal.
An investigation into the activities of the group of detainees in Crimea Ukrainian saboteurs, are two departments, writes Kommersant. "
In the FSB collect evidence of the involvement of detainees to the preparation of sabotage in Crimea.
As previously reported, the confession was a resident of the Ukrainian city of Enerhodar Evgeny Panov, having agreed to cooperate with investigators.
According to him, as objects for sabotage he considered Plant "Titan" in Armyanske, Neftebazu in Feodosiya, Kerchenskuu ferry, gas pipeline, as well as one of the military airfields.
They believe that the delay has been far from all lieutenants as saboteurs.
This, in particular, has become the basis for the arrest of suspects in the raisude Kyiv Simferopol.
Coach of the Russian national football team Stanislav Cheresov successfully invested his money became
At the meeting of the Executive Committee of the Russian Football Union, the decision was taken to appoint to the post of chief coach of the Russian national football team Stanislav Cercesova.
Contract with him will be designed for two years - until the end of the FM 2018.
August 11, FIFA executive committee appointed to the post of chief coach of the Russian national football team Stanislav Cercesova.
This is a famous footballer, previously played at Moscow "Spartake" on the position of the goalkeeper, as well as a coach with proven experience, who was a mentor of the Russian teams, as all the same "Spartak," "Pearl to Sochi," "Terek," "FC," "Dynamo," as well as "Legii Warsaw," which became the winner of the national championship and cup in the country.
It is reported that the contract with Cercesovm will be signed as soon as possible and is designed for two years.
Thus, it falls to him to prepare national team to the world championship in 2018.
It is known that the coaching staff will be Miroslav Romaschenko, Gintaras Stauce, Vladimir Panikov.
There is information that the salaries of the entire coaching staff will be 2.6 billion euros per year.
According to media reports, the leadership of the RFU has set Stanislav Cercesovm goal to bring Russia's national team to the semifinal and win medals.
As stated by the coach, as a priority, he examines the creation of a competitive environment in the team and is going to give the players an opportunity to show themselves.
Also, according to Cercesova, he was glad that the choice fell on him.
The first match under the leadership of Russia's national football team will hold Cercesova 31 August in Antalya - it will be a friendly with the Turkish team.
Let's remind that earlier post of chief coach of the Russian football team was Leonid Slutsky, who carried out his coaching at the club CSKA.
He announced his resignation from office after the flawed statement of Russia's national team at Euro 2016 in France.
At the same time, he took the responsibility for a bad result for the team.
Squeezed between Angola and South Africa, Namibia was badly damaged during the long struggle against apartheid.
Nevertheless, after independence from South Africa in 1990, the country with a population of 2.4 million people has made great strides, especially in the last few years.
The main reason for the success of Namibia in that the Government pays great attention to education.
While people in developed countries take for granted free primary and secondary education, in many poor countries in secondary and even primary schools require fees.
Moreover, governments are often advised to introduce tuition fees for "cost recovery."
However, in Namibia education in primary schools free of charge.
Moreover, from 2015, it became free and secondary education.
The authorities are also active in other important areas.
Efforts to eradicate malaria reduced the number of annual cases by 97% over the past ten years.
Contrary to the international trends of rising inequality, in Namibia, it is decreasing.
Compared with 1993, the Gini coefficient, a standard measure of inequality of income distribution, dropped by 15 points.
Then, 23 years ago, the figure was one of the highest in the world.
But the poverty rate fell from 69% in 1993 to less than 30%.
Number of people living in extreme poverty (less than $1.90 per day) also decreased, with nearly 53% to less than 23%.
Namibia also has the highest rating of freedom of speech in Africa, according to Reporters Without Borders. "
Country significantly ahead of the United States and other wealthy nations.
In addition, the country has a favorable rating - one of the highest in Africa - in the "Corruption Perceptions Index," which are human rights defenders from Transparency International.
Even now, when commodity prices fall, Namibia is able to maintain high growth rates.
At the same time, the ratio of debt to GDP is around 25%, which is less than 1 / 3 of the debt levels in the US and most European countries.
Of course, there are from Namibia and some of the problems.
Unemployment rate, at least for traditional methods of evaluation, continues to be quite high - almost 28%.
And, like other countries in the region, in Namibia, the high incidence of HIV / AIDS - nearly 17% of the population are infected.
According to the World Bank, Namibia is among the upper middle income countries, but authorities insist that their state is really a developing country.
Namibia certainly faces some difficulties that are inherent in poorly developed economies.
State has had to develop a very large and arid country with a small population.
On the territory of the country's deserts are isolated nomadic tribes of hunter gatherers, who somehow must be integrated into modern society without losing their identity.
The integration of people who a quarter of a century ago were at the periphery of the world economy, not an easy task for any country.
For Namibia it is even more difficult: In the same way as any other country in the world, it is confronted with the effects of climate change.
However, Namibia and is not thought to be discouraged, the country solves its problems.
Almost immediately after independence, the authorities engaged in the creation of a diversified economy and cohesive society.
It is noteworthy that the competing political factions came together to work for the common good.
Indeed, Namibia provides cheap medical services not only to their own citizens, but also their neighbors.
About 15 to 20% of the visitors of health facilities in the northern regions of Namibia - Angolan citizens.
No one in Namibia has said the construction of the wall, which would have separated the country from poor and corrupt neighbors.
Namibians have understood that we cannot choose our neighbours, and therefore decided not conflict with them, and collaborate to share scarce water resources, to take part in regional health projects, encourage investment and exchange of students.
In addition, the Government of Namibia rightly judge that rich natural resources can easily become a curse, helping to enrich the few at the expense of the many.
The authorities understand that revenues from natural resources of Namibia needs to invest in infrastructure and production capacity.
They are also aware that it would be irresponsible not to strive to maximize profits from the sale of the country's resources, and reviewing the investment laws and contracts for mining to make sure that this is the case.
Transparency is crucial to this process, so a strong government support for freedom of speech is so important.
As noted by the head of state, Hage Geingob, the media often say that he did not like.
But after the struggle for freedom from apartheid in South Africa, Namibia should protect the freedom, said the president.
Not all of the key resources of Namibia are finite.
Some - such as fishing - relate to renewable, and the government is making every effort to maintain and strengthen them.
Every year, more than a million foreign tourists visit the country.
Namibia shows that even those countries that begin with serious shortcomings - racism, colonial systems, inequality and low levels of development - can get back on the path to shared prosperity.
Its achievement deserves international recognition and emulation.
Many have heard about the "Zolote Varna" - the oldest gold objects created by man (4600 - 4200 BC).
Perhaps, it was the loudest archaeological sensation of the 1970s: In Bulgaria, during excavations of the necropolis of Varna, was found a fantastic array of gold artifacts - more than three thousand weighing 6 kilograms.
Only one burial, known as the "Grave # 43," was retrieved 990 gold objects weighing more than 1.5 kg.
However, the official status of the world's most ancient gold may soon move to busine nevzracnoy in appearance, found by archaeologists in July of this year.
And again in Bulgaria - in the prehistoric settlement, known as Tall Unatite.
In contrast to the city of Varna, the port city, Tall Unatite is located far away from the sea, near the village of Unatite Pazarjikskogo area.
Busina represents a golden strip, folded in the ring.
Yavor Boyadjiev, the head of the excavations in Telle Unatite, datiroval finder 4600 b.c. and stated that she is older than the Varna gold for at least 200 years.
Treasure of Varna, recall that date back to roughly the same period, 4600 - 4200 BC.
Technologies that allow scripture with impeccable precision metal, currently does not exist.
Why is confident what the gold more ancient?
Obviously, Professor Boyadjiev knows more than told Reuters: "I am quite sure that Unatite gold over the gold of Varna."
This is a discovery of extreme importance: The mind is a tiny thing, but he was large enough to take their rightful place in history.
In an interview with Reuters Boyadjiev, reported that in the near future scientists will analyse the composition of the metal, as well as repeated and more carefully examine the archaeological layer, where the golden artifact was found.
This will help scripture of bead as precisely as possible.
The discovery, too much explains.
Tall Unatite - the famous, even if you have never heard about it.
Currently, Tall Unatite is considered to be the oldest "city" of Europe.
Tall was founded by the descendants of people who migrated to Europe from Anatolia (modern Turkey) in the 7th millennium BC.
For the next centuries, the region has flourished in the processing of metals, from the development of the first metallurgical skills to establish a fully fledged industry.
In Russian historiography for the archaeological community have a special name: Balkan and Carpathian Metallurgical Province.
In the 5th millennium BC metalworking centres around the towns began to emerge.
Now they are called the oldest cities in Europe.
Of them Tall Unatite, perhaps the most ancient, because there were found artifacts 4900 BC.
I would call Tall Unatite prototype of the modern city, although it is a very ancient settlement, even compared with Mesopotamia.
"This is a place over Sumer for a thousand years," said Boyadjiev, referring to the conventional wisdom that urban culture originated in the south of Mesopotamia - modern Iraq.
There were the first city in the ordinary sense of the word.
Excavation of Tell Unatite maintained since 1976.
During this time, archeologists have dug almost 12 hectares, it is approximately a third of the estimated total area of settlement.
Found the remnants of the fortress wall, which once reached three meters in height.
From houses and shops there is very little, but archaeologists clearly distinguish between streets, public buildings, urban density of construction, the "business center" and residential suburbs.
Tall Unatite birdy) is often called "the city": Here were found dozens of clay figurines of birds.
All the birds are depicted in the resting position, it was suggested that they were not decorative objects, and the object of a local cult.
"Bird City" was destroyed approximately 4,100 B.C. - perhaps site tribes who came from the northeast.
The nomads were not cities, but there were horses and weapons.
Their Trehmetrovye walls have not stopped.
Archaeologists have found obvious signs of a brutal massacre: Inside the houses were found the remains of old men, women and children with signs of wounds inflicted on axes.
New discoveries and new facts emerge every year, changing the usual picture of the ancient history of mankind.
Bulgarian archaeologists increasingly speak not of individual cultures, and about the "lost" the first civilization of Europe, originating from the Balkans.
A powerful incentive to find this civilization has become the "Gold of Varna," found relatively recently, in 1972.
It is logical that the gold luxury Varna was to be preceded by something - something like a tiny golden beads created in Telle Unatite.
The Porsche 911 Targa sostarili artificially model
Officially announced that the 911 Targa 4S Exclusive Design is done manually by specialists units that work with serial machines.
"Retro onion" is, for example, in a special color of the body Etna Blue, which was developed in 1960 for the model Porsche 356B - this colour is painted even the logo model.
In addition, targa received a branded white graphics along the side and a 20 inch RS Spyder wheels, as well as some parts of the body camouflage "white and gold metallic."
The interior retro dash which should be noticeably less: It is, by and large, grey and blue toned decoration, new armchairs with expanded electroregulirovoc ranges and bathrooms black steel anodized steel thresholds with the logo of the unit.
In addition, when buying a special version of each buyer receives a gift case for car and richly decorated album with photographs of the production process.
The plant specialists Porsche Exclusive touch did not become: Retro targa characteristics perfectly coincides with the production.
It is equipped with six-cylinder turbocharged engine volume of 3.0 litres, an output of 420 hp and 500 Nm.
The most dynamic version of the 911 Targa 4S is able to accelerate to 100 km / h for 4 seconds.
Porsche 911 Targa 4S Exclusive Design will be released in a limited edition, but neither the amount nor the value of each specific retail are not reported.
Facebook and advertising blokiriki unleashed a "arms race"
The recent introduction of Facebook technology, predotrotaved hide advertising on social websites, provoked developers solutions to block ads on the response.
In the Adblock Plus released "antidote," but Facebook is planning to do soon and its useless.
So Adblock Plus proreklamirovala its new technology, which is likely to remain an effective short
Social media representatives noted that, in an effort to deceive a new technology "neblokiruemoy" advertising solution from Adblock Plus, together with commercial advertisements blocks and many ordinary posts from friends or pages.
Facebook expressed regret such a policy of Adblock Plus and promised to solve the problem shortly.
A source among developers of social media edition of TechCrunch, code that makes Adblock Plus desktopnom futile on Facebook, will be ready in the next hours.
Thus, socsete and blokiriki unleashed a kind of "arms race," trying to beat each other, affected same side steel users who miss interesting recordings from friends or residents advertising where there are not accustomed to see it.
Ethical aspects of blocking ads in recent times provoke heated debate.
The rapist faces trial in Murmansk · Vecherny Murmansk.
His case had already been investigated by the Investigative Committee of the Russian Federation on the Murmansk region.
The accusation of 54 year old man very seriously - committing sexual assault.
The inquest revealed that at the end of November 2015, the accused in the streets of Pavlova in Murmansk has committed sexual acts with the use of violence against 20 years of девушки.Уголовное dealing with the approved indictment is intended for consideration on the merits.
The sanction of this article provides a maximum penalty of imprisonment for a term of up to six years.
Dongfeng to Russia crosswaen Fengguang 370 and pickup Rich New website For driving www.zr.ru
Dongfeng Fengguang 370 - representative of the increasingly popular class of cars in China that combines dignity adopt and crossover.
Another claimed the Russian Premier - pickup Rich New.
Many Western firms Moscow International Motor Show this year, we decided to ignore, so the emptiness of exhibition halls of "Crocus Expo" will fill in Chinese firms.
In particular, a powerful united manufacturer Dongfeng Motor Corporation, which has great views of the Russian market and deliberate in the near future to offer our drivers a number of interesting novelties.
One of them will be Dongfeng crosswaen Fengguang 370, entered the market in China this spring at a price of 55 900 yuan (slightly less than 550 thousand rubles at the current exchange rate).
Russians such a price tag is unlikely to shine, and the question of supply in our country is still under discussion.
In China, by the way, Fengguang 370 on the basis of the June sales managed to reach 11th place in the list of the most popular minivans, although due to the large ground clearance (175 mm) and protective plastic sporty on the lower perimeter of the body it could be assigned to crossoveram.
Built on a platform of youngest Krosswaen peredneprivod Fengguang model 360, 370 th the same wheelbase at 2725 mm, but the body a little longer (4565 mm versus 4,510 mm), solid design, and equipment of the richer.
Salon is decorated with wooden planochkami but shown in the photo of a large vertical touchscreen as "Tesla" on the central console was only in the early exhibition copies crosswaena and car on sale with the "music" was simpler.
Five of the seven seats are easily, forming a flat loading area with a length of 1,650 mm, the maximum volume of the boot - 1500 litres.
The engine for Fengguang 370 is only one - 1.5 litre petrol "atmosfernik" output of 115 hp, fifty with a 5 speed manual gearbox.
The dynamic qualities of the car manufacturer modestly conceals, but promises a gentle budget owner's appetite at the level of 6.7 l / 100 km.
Pickup Rich New is very familiar Russians Nissan Navara NP300 before last generation, but with a little oblagorognem Chinese stylists design.
In spite of the obsolete design, this model still enjoys a stable demand among the Chinese consumer as a reliable and neprychotlivaya "workhorse."
With reasonable price Rich New will certainly be interested in and the Russians, because the modern Japanese pickups have become prohibitively expensive.
Rich with a choice of two engines: Petrol 2.4 L (137 hp) or turbodizelem 2.5 litres (116 hp).
The gearbox is only the mechanics, drive to the rear wheels, but there are modifications and with rigidly peredkom "plug."
Dongfeng will be on the bench and a new flagship sedan A9, its Russian premiere of representation of the Chinese firms announced back in June.
Minvenopodobneh crossverov on the Chinese market is becoming more and more, some of the latest novelties - Cowin V3 and SWM x7.
Currently, the Russian Dongfeng lineup consists of two models: Sedan S30 and hatchback H30 Cross.
During the seven months of this year, dealers of Chinese firms have implemented in our country 696 machines.
Notices on the transport tax will no longer send by mail - For driving www.zr.ru site
The tax inspection changed the notices on property taxes.
All Russian owners are accustomed to not changing for years pattern: In summer and in autumn they receive by mail a receipt for payment of the tax for the previous year.
However, this year, many of them do not wait.
The fact is that the tax inspection quietly changed the notification of citizens.
Those who are registered in the taxpayer's "Personal Account" on the official website of nalog.ru departments, notices will come electronically.
The inspection automatically found such Russians online users and crossed them off the standard, "paper" mailing list.
Novelty would affect all owners of vehicles and real estate.
All the rest will continue to receive the usual letters.
However, there is an opportunity to return to the old scheme and the holders of the account on the site.
For this, they will have during the month of August to visit the tax office and write a statement.
On the one hand, the new order more modern and more convenient.
Notification will appear in the "personal office" immediately after the compilation, whereas the letter will go a few days and may be lost altogether.
In addition, the number of users of internet service tax inspection exceeded 18 million people, which will allow the agency to seriously save on mailing list.
On the other hand, a modest piece of news on the site inspection is clearly insufficient to inform citizens about the changed order.
Some are able to register in the "personal office" in order to obtain a lump sum services and long forgotten about it.
These people do not wait for the notices by mail and, without suspecting that fall into the category of defaulters, with all its consequences.
Access to the "Taxpayer's Personal Profile" is carried out in three ways: Through your account portal gosuslugi.ru, by means of an electronic signature or entering your login and password specified in the registration card.
The latter can be obtained in person at any branch of the tax inspection (regardless of the place of registration).
Recall that in the current year, transport tax must be paid before December 1.
Mailing notifications began in July.
Tuningovy Mercedes Benz G class, which touches are designed to achieve very high returns, is a thing in itself.
But the debatable concept is not calmness masters company G - Power, which took up modification sportversii Mercedes - AMG G 63.
G - Power is known for its affection for BMW, but nothing human is foreign to her masters.
Indeed, why not improve G 63 - 571 - strong letatuu a sledgehammer with a tank spec and overclocking up to hundreds for 5.4 with?
Pushing "muscles" mad "gelika," benefited from the wizard that opens the 5.5 liter nadduvnaya G8.
But the dynamics of the disperse to hundreds of improved to obscure 0.1 seconds, and now the Flying "brick" is able to sprint in 5.3 seconds.
However, accelerating with average speeds certainly gives him a noticeably better.
The ceiling speed is frightening: If the standard G 63 faster than 210 km / h not travels, the deactivirovan tuningovy SUV with electronic house? "" Is able to squeeze 250 km / h.
From the outside the car is virtually indistinguishable from its original factory, with the exception of other wheeled discs - 23 inch Hurricane RR with 305 / 35 ZR 23.
A luxury Mercedes and Maybach announced a striking conceptual coupe 6 m in length, which will be presenting as part of the contest of elegance in Pebble Beach.
The company Mercedes Benz is going to compete with the "green" subbrendom BMW i and will promote their electric model under a separate brand.
In the coming years, it is expected the emergence of at least four green innovations.
