28-year-old cook is found by dead in the shopping center of San Francisco
the 28-year-old cook, who recently moved to San Francisco, was found by dead in the stairs of local shopping center on this week.
However, the brother of victim says that he cannot imagine someone, who would desire to cause pain to it, noting: “At long last the matters in it dispatch to the harmony”.
- The body, found in Vestfild Moll on Wednesday morning, was identified as the 28-year-old inhabitant of San Francisco Frank Galicia, reported bureau of the forensic medical examination of San Francisco.
The department of the police of San Francisco reports that death was classified as murder and investigation continues.
Brother of victim, Louis Galicia, described to the channel of KGO of the TV and Radio company of ABC in San Francisco, that Frank, the past the cook of the line of distribution in Boston, obtained his work of dream as the cook in the restaurant of San Francisco ' s of Sons & Daughters six months ago.
The representative of Sons & to Daughters said that they were “they were shocked and depressed” by his death.
“We the small command, which works as friendly family and it will greatly not be sufficient”, said representative.
Our thoughts and condolence to family and to the friends of Frank in this difficult period.
Louis Galicia said that Frank first stopped in khostelakh, but recently “at long last the matters in it dispatch to the harmony”.
“It found apartment, it was met with the girl”, Louis Galicia said KGO.
Louis Galicia said that it cannot imagine someone, who would desire to cause pain to its junior brother.
It had good soul and large heart.
Its means of communication with the family it was always to prepare to us any dish, to prepare to us supper”, said Louis Galicia.
He never wanted to be that mixed in any quarrel.
It was the brother, who sailed with the flow.
“With entire poor, which occurs with this peace, it was that unfaceted diamond, which vividly shone each day”, he said.
All, who manage information, they request to ring to the hot line of SFPD according to number 415-575-4444.
Churkin stated that the meeting of the Security Council of the United Nations on the Crimea was useful.
The permanent representative of RF with the UN Vitalius Churkin stated that the past session of the United Nations Security Council on the Crimea was useful, transfers Interfax.
“I assume, consideration was useful for us, and we granted to them information about that which occurred”, said Churkin.
It explained that on the private consultations of the Security Council it presented to member states information about the incidents in the territory of republic the Crimea and read the statement of the ministry of foreign affairs RF, in which “is expressed the preoccupation and resentment apropos of at an attempt the act of terror and sabotage for the territory of republic the Crimea”.
The men's team of Russia fell into the finale of combined relay race 4 on 100 m.
The men's team of Russia knew how to leave into the finale of combined relay race 4 on 100 meters in the floating at the Olympics in Rio de Janeiro.
Russians in the qualification introduced Anton Chupkov, Yevgeny Koptelov, Alexander Sukhorukov and Grigori Tarasevich.
They swam distance in 3 minutes of 32.95 seconds.
Russians showed the sixth result.
In the preliminary round better time in Britons - 3 minutes of 30.47 seconds.
Finale takes place by late evening on Saturday.
Russian rapiristy defeated Americans and passed into the finale of tournament on Ōi.
Russian team on the fencing left into the finale of command tournament on the Olympic Games to Rio de Janeiro.
In the semi-final Russian athletes beat American team with the score 45:41.
Finale takes place into 00.30, in it for Russians one must be slain with the command of France, which in the semi-final won duel with the Italians with the score 45:30.
Russian dzyudoist it left in 1/8 finales of the Olympics
Russian dzyudoist rhenate Saidov it on Friday overcame the Austrian of Daniel Allershtorfera in 1/16 finales of the Olympic Games in the category of more than 100 kg, the site of competitions reports.
In one eighth of finale the Russian will meet Brazilian by Rafaelom Silvoy.
Two of four gold medals at the Olympics of Russia brought precisely dzyudoisty.
Beslan Mudranov became best in the weight category to 60 kg, Khasan Khalmurzaev - in the category to 81 kg.
At the given moment Russian team occupies the seventh place in the medalnom test the 19th by rewards.
The size of the government debt to Italy increased to the record indices
The size of the government debt to Italy in June 2016 exceeded 2.248 trillion Euros.
In the Central Bank of the country they stated that this sum is historical maximum, transfers by Russian International News Agency.
Previous negative record was established in May this year.
Then the size of government debt reached 2.228 trillion Euros.
It is noted that in the first half-year the debt load of Italy grew by 77.2 billion Euros.
It previously communicated that at the end of 2015 the government debt to Italy composed 132.7% of GDP [Gross Domestic Product] of the country.
Meanwhile the Italian minister of the economy and finances Pierre Porta Padoan forecast reduction in this index in 2016 to 130.9%, and in 2018 - to 123.4% of the GDP [Gross Domestic Product].
Payments from the airport obtained 141 victims from the act of terror into “Domodedovo”.
141 people obtained charitable payments from the fund “aviation”, which was created with the management of airport “Domodedovo” to help suffered from the act of terror in 2011, Interfax reports.
According to the press-secretary Alexander Vlasov's airport, now on the examination are found two additional statements.
“From the side of fund continue the charitable payments to victims from the act of terror of 2011 and is rendered comprehensive assistance on resolution of the existing questions”, added Vlasov, after remembering that specially for facilitating interaction with the victims was created the site of fund, which contains complete information about the order of rendering to charitable aid.
In 2011 in the hall of the arrival of foreign airlines Domodedovo condemned man set in action explosive device.
As a result of the act of terror died 37 people, 172 more suffered.
Scientists found the animal, that can live 500 years,
The international group of biologists came to the conclusion that the Greenland polar shark, that can live approximately 500 years, is the most long-life vertebral animal, transfers RT.
Scientists carried out the radio carbon analysis of the crystalline lens of the eye of 28 Greenland sharks.
To largest shark, whose length exceeds five meters, it can be from 272 to 512 years.
Biologists consider that the low metabolism, which leads to the slow development, plays important role in the longevity of shark.
The females of Greenland sharks reach sexual maturity only to 150 years.
It was previously considered that longer than all vertebral animals lives “the neighbor” of shark - Greenland of Chin.
The oldest individual, to the well-known scholar, it was only older than 210 years.
Putin changed the composition of the Security Council RF.
The President of Russia Vladimir Putin by his decree introduced changes in the composition of the Security Council RF, the press service of the Kremlin reported.
It became previously known that Putin removed from the post the Head of the President's Administration of Sergey Ivanov, his successor assigned Anton Vine.
Ivanov now will work as the special representative of the President on questions of nature-conservation activity, ecology and transport.
From the number of permanent members sb RF they excluded zamekretarya of the council of Rashid Nurgaliev.
In council are included Sergey Ivanov, Anton Vine, plenipotentiary of the President in SFO Sergey Menyaylo and plenipotentiary in SZFO Nikolai Tsukanov.
Sergey Ivanov is freed from the post of the Head of the President's Administration.
By President's Decree Sergey Ivanov is freed from the post of the leader of the administration of the Kremlin.
Ivanov is appointed as the special representative of RF in nature-conservation activity, ecology also of transport.
The new leader of administration assigned Anton Vayno, the previously occupied post deputy of Sergey Ivanov.
According to Vladimir Putin, Ivanov himself requested him to transfer to another work.
It is worthwhile to go into the sanatorium, if there are no problems with the health?
Our expert - the head physician of sanatorium Olga Bogush.
But if man is healthy, simply he did get tired from the work, it is worthwhile for it to go into the sanatorium?
Sanitation and health leisure is necessary for us not only for the treatment, but also for the preventive maintenance of diseases.
Under the conditions of sanatorium the man can verify the state of his organism and obtain the recommendations of doctor as to it live so that his health would not be destroyed.
Such recommendations no one will be extra.
“Simply it got tired from the work” - this is the important signal of organism, it is not worthwhile to brush off from it.
Constant stresses, mental and physical overstrain can lead to depression and syndrome of chronic fatigue.
But stress is tested order 90% of newcomers.
Moreover people from the large cities at the age from 45 to 55 years are most subjected to it.
So that is better not to complicate situation and to allow oneself in time to rest.
Studies show that 98% of people decrease their biological age in retention time in the sanatorium.
Contemporary sanatoriums propose comfortable leisure for the entire family.
So that, if you want to conduct vacation with the children, for you it is not necessary from them to part.
For the children, even small, are provided the health-improvement programs, into which enter both the diagnostic services, the consultation of pediatrician, analyses and therapeutic.
For example, the floating (in many sanatoriums there are children's ponds), inhalation, the special feed mode, massages, oxygen cocktails, therapeutic exercise.
Doctor taking into account of individual indications and special features of the growing organism determines the course of procedures.
Furthermore, in the sanatoriums, as a rule, works children's club with the animators, where the children can attend play lessons, different master-classes.
Some sanatoriums open their doors even for the guests with the babies, ensure to grudnichkam the necessary conditions and allow the services of experienced nurse.
Soft winter, prolonged summer, abundance of sunny days in the year (more than 300) create good conditions for year-round leisure at the health resorts of Caucasian mineral waters.
And is then to organism necessary leisure not only in summer.
So that it is not worthwhile to fear the weather after the window, by especially as the majority of procedures are carried out in the accomodation and in no way they depend on season.
Generally sanitation and health treatment is desirable to carry out 2 times per year, especially to people of ripe age.
The main chip of the region of Caucasian mineral waters, certainly, the therapeutic mineral sources: Slavyanovskiy, Smirnovskiy, Essentuki, mineral water.
Their waters possess unique properties and act on different systems of organism.
Water is distinguished by the temperature, quantity of salts, general mineralization, chemical and gas composition.
Doctor selects water depending on the health of patient.
Thus, “mineral water” possesses the antipyretic, immunomodulating action, are restored the functions of gastrointestinal tract and exchange of substances.
“Essentuki ‑ 4” acts on gastrointestinal tract, is reduced the level of sugar.
“Essentuki new” renders antipyretic, cholagogic and diuretic action.
The same effects possesses water “Slavyanovskaya”.
With the designation of water the doctor necessarily considers the state of cardiovascular system.
If there are signs of hypertonia, it selects less salt water, because salts detain liquid, which leads to an increase in the pressure.
The intake of mineral water requires the observance of the regime: water should be drunk in the specific time, in a necessary quantity and specific temperature.
Are now in the sanatoriums accessible different kosmetologicheskie procedures for face and body.
What forms of sanitation, based on the natural special features of the North Caucasus, can be obtained at the health resorts of this region?
Near Pyatigorsk, for example, is a salt lake Tambukan, slimy mud from which is useful for the joints, spine, internal organs.
It renders the antipyretic, resorbing, immunomodulating action.
These are health-improvement walks along the individually comprised routes.
They are especially popular in Kislovodske, where there is an enormous health resort park (the second according to the size in Europe).
They are popular in Kislovodske, which is located in immediate proximity from the mineral source “mineral water”.
There it is possible to assume also the baths wine, pearl, iodine-bromine, selenium, sage-liquorice, depending on the fact that to you will appoint doctor.
Let us prolong fruiting.
What to make so that the harvest would go to the end of the season?
Tells Julia Belopukhova, agriculturist and summer resident.
It is time to arrange to tall tomatoes the hair-cutting: to remove new stepsons, to cut off tops, to remove all leaves to the next-to-last brush with the fruits and floscules with the small ovaries - will not have time to mature.
All tomatoes it is independent of “constitution”, and also pepper and eggplants we feed up by ash-superphosphate drawing, is processed by the biological preparations (maturing tank - for accelerating of pouring in and increase in the fruits, Fitosporin-M, Fitolavin, Gamair, It baktofit - from the diseases, It immunotsitofit - for increasing in the immunity, Bitoksibatsillin, Lepidotsid, Fitoverm - if there are wreckers).
From the chemical means at the end of the summer it is worthwhile to use only copper sulfate, colloidal sulfur and green soap.
We make the last irrigation of plants.
The Dlinnopletistye cucumbers in the hot-house we lower a little from the trellis so that the lower, bare part of the stem (25-40 cm) would lie on the earth, we pour on by warm water and solution of zircon, we put some more the stem 5-7 cm of compost.
To prolong the fruiting of summer squash is also simple: cut off old leaves, spill by warm water and solution of complex fertilizer, add fertile ground under the bush.
For the protection from night cold you will establish above the bed of arc with the ukryvnym material.
In the daytime plants you hold opened, and shut after sunset.
Signs of end.
What does indicate that Russia does leave from the crisis?
Economists saw the signs of the output of Russia from recession most prolonged in the last twenty years.
As analysts note those interrogated by the agency of Bloomberg, it demonstrates the GDP [Gross Domestic Product] RF positive dynamics - in the second quarter the GDP [Gross Domestic Product] it was lowered by 0.8% in the annual expression.
This index is minimum since the beginning of 2015.
According to the latest data Rosstata, decrease in the Russian economy in the second quarter were slowed down to 0.6%.
About the stabilization of situation they recently also stated the central bank and Ministry of Economic Development.
Is in front - slow increase.
In the opinion of the experts TSBR, the recession in the Russian economy remained in the past.
“The index estimation of the Russian GDP [Gross Domestic Product] speaks, that the recession remained behind, and in front - slow increase in the economy”, it is said in the bulletin of the Bank of Russia “about which they speak trends”.
The specialists of regulator increased modular estimation the GDP [Gross Domestic Product] to the current block to 0.4%, estimation to the fourth quarter composes 0.5%.
As the representative of the Ministry of Economic Development reported, during the second quarter the decrease the GDP [Gross Domestic Product] RF stopped in the second quarter, after composing 0.2%.
In the second quarter the seasonally purified decrease the GDP [Gross Domestic Product] composed 0.2% to the previous block.
But the decrease stopped during the block: in April it composed 0.2%, and in May also June change the GDP [Gross Domestic Product] was within the limits of 0-0,15”, cites representative the MAYOR of RIA “of the news”.
The cooling of boom of drop in the Russian economy during the last five blocks attests to the fact that “the bottom is passing”.
Among other markers, which indicate the signs of the reanimation of national economy, Bloomberg calls increase in the demand for electric power and rail transportation, the reanimation of business.
If we make a correction for the fact that the year is visokosnyy, then it is understandable that the dynamics into plus 1% consumption of electricity can be half caused by additional workday.
Let us add to this the lower average annual temperature in the first quarter.
The following argument - this is an increase in the cargo transportation, but it is here complicated to obtain precise data, and plus-minus 0.5% of half year volume can also be explained by seasonality”, explains Cyril Yakovenko from ALOR BROKER.
However, there are other, more obvious signs of the stabilization of Russian economy.
For example, a decrease in price pressure.
In July the index of consumer prices composed 7.2% in comparison with 15.6% in the same month of last year.
Moreover, recent two weeks Rosstat fixes deflation.
Prices in Russia were reduced for the first time in five years.
If we look to the dynamics of the exchange value of the ruble, which, although it showed strong fluctuations at the beginning of year, on the sums of August since the beginning of the year was strengthened to 12%.
This also one of the signs of the restoration, after which must go the indices from the real sector of economy”, emphasizes Yakovenko.
Besides this, since April in RF is observed an increase in the volumes of industrial production.
In June index grew by 1.7%.
Slow down the rates of drop in the foreign trade turnover from -32.8% in January 2016 to -20.7% in May.
Positive dynamics also demonstrates situation on the market for labor, where the unemployment rate was reduced to 5.4%.
Below it was only in September 2015 (5.2%).
In spite of the satisfactory situation on the labor market, a question with the real located incomes of population to leave much to be desired.
In the annual expression the index is reduced to 4.8%.
This factor can impede economic redevelopment, since the expenditures of household economics make a big enough contribution in the GDP [Gross Domestic Product].
As a rule, in the structure to the economy their portion exceeds 50%.
Besides the low consumer activity, as the factors of risk for economic growth also it is possible to name the rigid policy of the Bank of Russia.
Regulator retains rate at level 10.5%, which in better shape does not affect real sector.
Negative factor is the insufficiently high level of investments, which holds in control the development of industrial potential.
But as a whole, it is possible to assume that toward the end of the year the rates of drop in the economy RF will be slowed down to -0.5% against -3.7% into 2015”, says the analyst of GK of Forex Club Irina Rogova.
The process of the naturalization of athletes, recently neglected in the Russian football and which was excellently gotten accustomed in the winter forms of sport at the Olympics in Sochi, until not so it is actively developed in the summer forms of sport.
If in the Olympic Games in Rio in favor of Russia speak the former foreigners, then in the majority of the cases the discussion deals with the natives of the countries - the former republics of the Soviet Union.
Then in Rio de Janeiro we can observe reverse process - the sufficiently large number of Russians they appear under the flags of other states.
In each case the history of the change of citizenship is different.
Parents drove away into other country even someone in the childhood, without having left selection.
Someone did not maintain competition for the place in the composition of Russian team.
But someone calculated, that abroad will be created the best conditions for the development in the sport.
“Argumenty i Fakty Magazine. Ru” found as the minimum 16 athletes, who made the decision to replace their Russian citizenship.
In the German passport of 27-year-old girl it is written, that her they call Liza Ryzhikh.
But earlier it was, of course, Elizabeth.
It was born in 1988 in Omsk city.
Only in four years, as soon as the Soviet Union was pulled down, the parents of Lizy made the decision to emigrate into Germany.
The girl did not have selection.
There it decided to follow in the footsteps of its elder sister - to study track and field sports.
Just as sister, Liza selected polevaultings.
Remain it in Russia, hardly it could “push from the throne” Helen Isinbaevu.
Unfortunately, at the Olympics in Rio of Liza she will be our only compatriot, although been, in the sector for the polevaultings.
Its best achievements in this form sport - bronze of the championship of Europe 2010 and silver of continental superiority in 2016, which it conquered, in addition in the absence Helen Isinbaevoy.
29-year-old Helen Pirozhkova was born in Novokuznetsk in 1986.
Its parents - religious propagandists of evangelical direction.
In-much because of their faith they left to the USA, when to girl there were only three years.
Besides Helen, in the family grew eight additional children.
They all lived in the small town of Grinfild in the state of Massachusetts.
Lena began to be fascinated by fight even in the school.
Showing good results, it moved to Colorado Springs city, where in the training center of the fight of the USA it continued lessons under the leadership one additional former Russian of Vladislav Izboynikov.
However, at the Olympics of 2012 in London Helen lost in her first struggle.
Then on the world championship in the same year - victory.
Thus far it, by the way, had time to win silver on the world superiority of 2010.
After this, there were bronze of 2013 and silver of 2014.
26-year-old Mary was born in Yaroslavl' city, where for the first time and she was introduced to the synchronous floating.
But to indicate that it brought up our trainers in Russia, would be incorrectly.
Soon the family of girl made the decision to emigrate in the USA and to settle in Colorado city.
There Mary continued her lessons.
Soon it already entered into the team of the USA and showed splendid results on the Pan-American games.
The intelligible matter, what at the serious international level to Russian sinkhronistkam it competitions compose cannot, but for America its indices - ceiling.
The new name, which in Russian sounds strangely, Christina Shaldybina obtained into 11 years, when its parents made the decision to continue the instruction of girl in artistic gymnastics after the ocean.
To this moment the girl dealt with the dear form of sport in native Yaroslavl'.
Emigrating in the USA, it rapidly entered into the youthful composite of this country, and more lately it broke also into the main national team.
On the Pan-American games 19-year Kristen conquered gold and silver.
For the first positions on the world scene it to, of course, battle it was not necessary, but for the USA it organized present breakthrough - was derived star banded composite on the Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro.
One additional our former “artist” - Jan Small birch-Marggrander, who speaks in favor of the team of Germany.
Jan it was born in Togliatti.
In 2008, when to girl there were 13 years, family decided to move to Germany - there the girl had more than prospects to fall into the national composite.
Soon it already represented its country on the Olympic Games of 2012 in London.
There, true, Jan it could occupy only 17 place, insufficient for the entry into the final competitions in the personal superiority.
Then in two years thus far it know how-after all to win the bronze medal of the Olympic Games - youthful.
One additional gymnast, only this time sport - Irina Sazonova.
If the ways of the emigration of sportswomen mentioned earlier can be named standard, then the selection of the family of Irina is very uncommon - Iceland.
IRA (Irish Republican Army) - the pupil of Volgograd sport school.
Naturally, in Iceland it here became the champion of the country.
True, it is trained the IRA (Irish Republican Army) nevertheless in Russia - specially it arrives to the native land in order not to lose craftsmanship.
In Rio it came out not as successfully, as it would like it.
Better place - 40 in the personal sports-meet.
Information about the swimmer of Mary Ugolkovoy in the Russian information space it is extremely little.
For the duration of very long time Mary lives and is trained in Switzerland.
However, for the duration of long time it came out under the Russian flag, showing not bad results - it was even record of the country on the distance of 200 meters butterfly.
In 2015 it obtained Swiss citizenship and began to come out under the red-white flag.
In Rio its better appearance - 14 place in the complex relay race of 4×100.
In order to fall on games, girl launched the kraudfandingovyy project, therefore it could gather order 6,000 francs, which allowed it to pay preparation for the Olympics.
the 31-year fighter of free style Adam Batirov practically entire his career conducted under the Russian flag.
In this time the native of Khasavyurt had time to become the triple prize-winner of the championships of Europe, champion of Russia, master of the sport of Russia of international class.
When it ceased to fall into our national composite, arrived time to think about the change of citizenship.
On several years talented fighter disappeared from the sport platforms.
Triumphal return took place on the championship of Asia 2016 - Batirov already presented Bahrain, for which won the gold medal and was obtained pass to the Olympics in Rio.
About one additional ex-Russian, Mikhail Kudinova, on the native land known it is still less than even about the Swiss swimmer to Mary Ugolkov.
The fact is that its parents emigrated from Vladivostok to New Zealand, when boy was entirely small.
Specifically, there Mikhail began to be occupied by sport gymnastics.
It did not achieve great successes at the international level.
In Rio its best result became 40 place in the qualification on the parallel bars.
But for New Zealand even entry to the Olympic Games in the sport gymnastics - already breakthrough.
When snow crust, that was being born in Moscow in 1985, there was only 9 years, its family emigrated to Israel.
There girl continued her lessons by synchronous floating, showing high results at the national level.
In 2014 on the championship of Europe in Berlin girl occupied the 6th place in the synchronous floating.
In the duet with the Evgeniey of Tetelbaum of Anastasiy was engaged the eighth place.
In the solo program it was the fifth.
Like Anastasia, 23-year Dmitriy Kroyter speak in favor of the team of Israel.
When to boy there was only 6 years, his mother made the decision to be repatriated into Israel.
In 2009 into 17 years Dmitriy already became the champion of the country.
In the same year it won in the youth world championship.
By year later than Kroyter wins gold of the youthful Olympic Games in Singapore.
Besides the leaps into the height, Dmitriy deals with leaps into the length and triple leap.
31-year Albert - one additional native of Khasavyurt, which after long appearances for Russia made the decision to replace its sport citizenship.
However, in contrast to Batirova, Albert selected Rumania, which it will represent in Rio.
However, in Russia it spoke in favor of the school of the highest sport craftsmanship of Krasnoyarsk, having in 2011 even become the champion of the country.
28-year-old Oleg Antonov was born in Moscow in the family of the player of the team of the USSR for Yaroslav Antonov's volleyball.
Literally in the year to the birth of a son Yaroslav was acknowledged by the best volleyball player of planet.
Soon it made the decision to continue career in Italy.
There family remained to the permanent residence.
In 2015 in the composition of national team it became the bronze prize-winner of the championship of Europe, which was being carried out in the territory of his new native land.
Khadzhiev was born in Chechnya in 1994 and it fell together with the family at the very height of war.
In ten years the parents made the decision to emigrate.
Norway was original purpose, but could not be fallen into this northern country - it was necessary to go to France, to Nice.
There Zelimkhan continued to be trained to freestyle wrestling.
Soon it won the superiority of peace among yuniorov, and more lately it was qualified also for the participation in the Olympic Games.
In Rio it will be the sole representative of France in the tournament on the fight.
And again freestyle wrestling, and the again former Russian.
This time the discussion will deal with the native of North Ossetia, who emigrated to Spain, about Taymuraze to Frieve.
At the end December 2012 to it was appropriated Spanish citizenship, and at present it speaks in favor of the composite command of this country.
Thus far, true, 30-year athlete had time to be noted by high results, also, in Russia.
It became the bronze prize-winner of the championships of country of 2007 and 2008.
Regulations from the misses into the composite, Taymuraz made the decision to replace sport citizenship.
By the latter in our list goes Chechen boxer, who was being born in 1995 in the capital of Daghestan Makhachkala, Arthur Biyarslanov.
When to boy there were ten years, parents drove away the family through Azerbaijan into Canada.
There Arthur on the council of his big brother began to be occupied by boxing.
From those times Arthur three times became the champion of Canada, and he in 2012 became world champion among young people.
In 2015 Biyarslanov won gold of Pan-American games, the first for its new native land since 1975.
Head of the President's Administration RF Anton Vayno.
On Friday August 12, Vladimir Putin appointed Anton Vayno by the Head of the President's Administration of Russia.
Earlier this position held Sergey Ivanov.
“The Head of State by its decree appointed Anton Vayno Rukovoditelem the administrations of President of the Russian Federation, after freeing him from the occupied post”, said in the decree, to signed Putin and published on the site of the Kremlin.
The Vines was since May 2012 the deputy chief of the administration of the President RF.
By Anton Eduardovich Vayno was born on February 17, 1972 in Tallin.
Father - edward Vine, the chairman business council Cuba-Russia in the Chamber of Commerce and Industry of the Russian Federation and Vice President for external connections and interaction with the shareholders of PLC [Public Limited Company] “AvtoVAZ (Volga Automobile Producing Association)”.
Grandfather - Karl Vayno - s1978 of year until 1988 the first secretary of TsK of the Communist Party of Estonia.
In 1996 finished the Moscow State Institute of International Relations of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation, department of foreign relations.
Since 1996 until 2001 it worked in the embassy of Russia in Japan, then in the second department of Asia of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation.
It since 2002 until 2004 held different positions in the administration of the protocol of President of the Russian Federation.
Since 2004 until 2007 - the deputy chief for etiquette-organizational administration for President of the Russian Federation.
Since 2007 until 2007 - the first deputy chief of the protocol of President of the Russian Federation.
From October 2007 to April 2008 - the deputy chief of the apparatus of the government of the Russian Federation.
On April 25, 2008 is appointed as the leader of the protocol of the chairman of the government of the Russian Federation, deputy chief Apparata governments RF.
Since December 27, 2011 - Minister of Russian Federation - leader of the apparatus of government RF.
On May 22, 2012 is appointed the deputy chief of the administration of the President RF.
It freely manages English and Japanese languages.
Real state adviser RF of 1 classes (class rank it is appropriated by President's Decree RF dated January 22, 2008.)
Honorable certificate of President of the Russian Federation (on February 16, 2012) for the merits in the guarantee of activity of the government of the Russian Federation and long-standing honest work.
Appreciation of President of the Russian Federation (on November 24, 2005) for the merits in preparation and taking of the solemn measures, dedicated to 60-anniversary of victory in the World War II.
It is married, it has a son.
Why to children Cossack classes in the schools?
According to governor V. Kondratyev, “kazachat must be brought up not by actions and by parades, but systematically”.
They must grow and as the minimum from 7 years understand, that they cossacks and formation must be Cossack.
But thus far this work, as it seems me, is conducted formally and, I suspect, it is more on paper.
If Cossack classes absorb into themselves entire positive, which is accumulated earlier, at the qualitatively new level, I will be rad.
If everything in a hurry it is unknown as, new idea will be wrapped by cheap populism up.
ZhKKh continues to remain one of the most criminal sectors of economy of the country.
They take place of encroachment of the means, isolated into the needs of municipal sphere from the budgets of different levels.
According to the data of the Attorney General's Office, the overstated tariffs - one of the most extended crimes in the sphere of ZhKKh.
As a result the users of region overpaid more than 170 mln rubles to power engineers.
Recently the prosecutor's office of Krasnodar Krai revealed the facts of the start in the tariffs of the unjustified expenditures.
But in the expenditures of LLC (Limited liability company) “IV-konsalting” (is supplied cold water) they were laid by 4 mln rubles. to the lease of automobiles on the price higher than the market.
And such examples in the country mass.
People returns for “kommunalku” last money, moreover it pays properly, according to the data of Minstroya RF, the average collectability of payments from the population composes 94%.
It is charged immediately according to several articles of the Criminal Code: spending, the legalization of the incomes, obtained criminally, abuse of authorities and so forth.
On the version of consequence as the head of the fund, which was occupied by the repair of urban objects, Makarov concluded agreements with the owners, work on them actually was not carried out, but they were paid.
Businessmen simply returned to it the large part of the money.
But as owner Criminal Code (CC), Makarov money from the population gathered, but he did not pay service providers and spent them on its needs.
As a result damage to budget and to tenants - millions of rubles.
The diagram of Makarov's machinations, alas, is typical for Russia.
In the country the entire wave of arrests and detentions of the leaders of Criminal Code (CC), who appropriated the money of citizens, gave a ride.
In Kamchatka continues the court trial above A. Kokhan, by the way, by the also former deputy of the town soviet, which they charge with the machinations on 91.7 mln rubles.
On the version of consequence, in 2012-2013 into Elizovo of Kamchatskiy Kray it founded 6 controlling companies and created 3 Limited Liability Company.
One of them carried out for the Criminal Code (CC) contract works, two of others played the role of calculation--cashbox centers, i.e., assumed money in population.
However, to power engineers A. Kokhan means did not transfer, but he spent on himself, loved.
To be judged in the sphere of ZhKKh is sufficiently complicated.
The matters are not excited, they are involved.
And “helps” in this the extremely intricate housing legislation, counts Svetlana Razvorotneva, the executive director of Np “ZhKKh control”.
Does not manage to earn one law, as we devise new, which must run previous.
Specialists, including among the judges, on questions of ZhKKh it is also small.
Lawyers themselves acknowledge in the fact that to the housing right in VUZ (Institute of Higher Education) is given very little attention.
On the failures in the criminal complaint, about red tape in the course of investigations they speak also in the Attorney General's Office.
From those finding in the production in 2015. 3,500 crimes to the court are directed less than half.
On the rest the investigation acquired protracted nature, and each fifth is stopped in connection with the nonestablishment of accused face.
Frequently deficiencies in the activity of law-enforcement agencies are copied by them to the gaps in the current legislation.
Law exists, but the organs of inquiry do not hurry to excite and to investigate similar matters.
In the second half-year of 2015 there were about 230 communications about the forgeries - are excited only 60 criminal cases.
In 5 months of the present year their quantity increased only insignificantly - 99.
But what is the falsification of the protocol of the meeting of tenants?
This it means: the control change by house, financial and other it is a question of around the opinion of owners.
But still this means that for the market for housing and communal services cannot be opened the normal companies, which want honestly to work, and not “to milk” population.
It is obtained, tenants in minus, small and mid-sized business also.
First of all due to the eradication of corruption as such in the entire state, it is confident Anton Zharkov, member of the committee of the State Duma on questions of property.
And now this work actively is conducted.
These are not simply single actions - this is the goal-directed course on struggle against corruption.
Certainly, not in all regions this sad situation.
In particular, in the capital of scandals it does not smell.
Why in Moscow there are no such scandals in the sphere of ZhKKh as in many other regions?
Yes because capital government appeared iron will and introduced order, described “Argumenty i Fakty Magazine” Anatoly Vybornyy, member of the committee of the State Duma on safety and opposition to corruption.
I have and a personnel question, and legislative corrections, and legal education.
Fixed supervision is established after the controlling companies, and they all traversed the licensing.
The complaints of townspeople operationally are solved in the public space (and the rotation of tenants, and the measures for reaction are placed on the portal of the government of Moscow).
Many do not simply pay monthly receipts, but attentively they see that it is there written, as house is contained.
The information among the population about the rights of owners and obligations resursosnabzhayushchikh and managers of organizations is very high.
Plus Moscow checks the validity of tariffs on the housing and communal services - indeed the big enough part budget fund goes to the subsidy and privileges for the numerous categories of population.
Probably, all this together and explains the calm situation in Moscow.
It does leave, everything is abutted against the will of regional authorities?
It can be, for weakwilled it is worthwhile to interchange the position of work?
Turkish gambit.
Will be able Erdogan to forego the friendship with the European Union and USA?
The President of Turkey Recep Tayyip Erdogan advanced the USA ultimatum, after proposing to make a selection between Turkey and Fetkhullakhom Gyulenom, Islamic preacher, accused in the organization of coup d'etat.
He stated about this, coming out before its supporters in Ankara.
Erdogan issued a call Americans to forego the support “by terrorist the organization of fetkhullakhistov”.
This is not the not first statement from Turkey, in which the USA calls to change their position.
Experts consider that the division with respect to Turkey with the West increasingly more increases and can lead to a new at attempt the change of power in the country.
“Sooner or later America will make a selection between Turkey and FETO (“the terrorist organization of fetkhullakhistov”).
Either organizing revolutions FETO or democratic Turkey.
It must make this selection”, cites Anatolian agency the rotation of Erdogan, which sounded on Wednesday in the evening in Ankara.
The President of Turkey once again, but already harder required from the USA to satisfy his requirement, supplied with sound by it for the first time immediately after the suppression of mutiny.
Let us recall that on the night on July 16 in Turkey the high-ranking representatives of Turkish army undertook at an attempt the overthrow of legitimate authority in the country, and is also perfected attempted murder of the Head of State.
However, after Recep Erdogan appeared with the appeal to the population, mutiny was depressed, and its organizers and participants were arrested.
In all under the suspicions fell about 8,000 people, in numbers of which, besides the servicemen, proved to be the teachers and scientists.
As Recep Erdogan considers, by their teacher appeared Fetkhullakh Gyulen, which lives in the state of Pennsylvania in the USA.
Also the supporters of Erdogan assumed that in gosperevorote can be mixed and directly the Americans.
The USA all claims in their address refuted, after refusing to give out Gyulena and advising to change tone.
The last statement of the representatives of the State Department was on this score sounded at the moment of the visit of Erdogan to St. Petersburg last Tuesday.
However, this does not stop the President of Turkey - that persistently insists on its and it also advances requirements for its other Western partners.
“Ankara will cease to carry out its obligations within the framework of the migratory agreement with the European Union, if Brussels does not name the date of the cancellation of visa limitations for the Turkish citizens”, about this on August 9 stated the minister of Turkey in the matters the European Union Omer Chelik.
According to him, introduction by Ankara changes in anti-terrorist law, as that it requires the European Union, will place under the threat its own safety of Europe.
Let us note that on August 1 the vice chancellor of Germany Zigmar Gabriel required in Turkey to end the blackmail of the European Union by promises to open boundaries for the migrants in order to attain lightening visa regime with the European Union.
Its word of steel by answer to the appropriate statement of the head of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Turkey Mevlyuta to Chavushoglu.
One additional provocative statement Chavushoglu it made last Wednesday, after assuming that Turkey can leave NATO.
The head of Turkish Ministry of Foreign Affairs it did not exclude, which the country will examine the opportunity of output from the alliance, if it does not meet from it the expected support.
The solution about an increase of the collaboration with Russia in the defense sphere is not step against NATO.
There is the NATO alliance countries, which collaborate with the foreign states in the defense sphere, import rockets”, it stated Chavushoglu in the interview for the agency of Anadolu.
According to him, it is now necessary to create to Turkey its own defense system on the basis of its technologies, and also to collaborate with other countries.
“, until now, Turkey attempted to collaborate with the countries - the members of NATO; however, results did not satisfy us, and we began to search for others”, stated minister.
Experts consider that all this speaks about the serious differences of Turkey with the West and reorientation of the country to the east of.
The head of the international institute of the political examination of Yevgeny Minchenko assumes that Recep Erdogan now conducts his game and cannot go to the tough confrontation with the West.
In it very much tied to the West both from the point of view of business and from the point of view of the serviceman (Turkey he is the member of NATO); therefore I think that Erdogan will attempt to balance, preserving frame relations with the West.
Although, of course, to Americans it would be more conveniently see at this post of completely obedient person”, explained Argumenty i Fakty Magazine. Ru expert.
According to him, it is not excluded, that after the statements of Turkish leader (about the nonpayment of compensation for the European Union, about the requirement of visa-free space with Europe and delivery of Gyulena from the USA) to it they will press.
“Recep Erdogan will encounter worsening in the relations and America, and the European Union; moreover they will press to it precisely on the humanitarian problems, for the dictatorial methods of the control of the country and so on”, is counted Minchenko.
The head of the center of political information Aleksey Mukhin assumes that the President of Turkey changes his point of view in the relations with Russia, as soon as it this will become profitably.
Eight months ago Erdogan occupied extremely hard line with respect to Russia and by all methods he searched for benevolences in the West.
In extremely small time the situation was changed for the opposite.
There are no guarantees, that after some time the President of Turkey again does not change his priorities.
I think that Erdogan entered the period of shuttle diplomacy.
After proving to be between two poles - West and by Russia, it will attempt to obtain maximum benefit for itself”, is counted Mukhin.
In his opinion, the primary task for the President of Turkey today - of holding political power in the country, and for this exactly for it is necessary Russia and partnerships with Vladimir Putin so that the USA would cease to support Gyulena.
Turkey is necessary to the European Union, and the USA, which with the aid of it control situation in Syria and in the Near East.
Therefore consensus with Turkey will be achieved”, counts expert.
Another point of view adheres to the head of the center of Asia and Near East of Anna Glazov.
Now the relation of Turkey both with the European Union and with the USA sufficiently stressed, and is connected this first of all with the domestic policy, which carries out personally Erdogan.
I think that this crisis in the relations will be aggravated, and against the background this crisis Turkish government will attempt to conduct reloading policy both in the Near East and in the relations with Russia.
Not by chance the President of Turkey, and also the number of Turkish politicians they declare about the fact that they are ready to change their position on a whole series of questions concerning Syria, are regulated relations with Israel, occurs active political interaction with Iran”, explained Argumenty i Fakty Magazine. Ru of Glazova, which assumes that the next step of Erdogan will become the normalization of relations with Egypt.
According to her, the policy, which now carries out Erdogan, return to the course of foreign policy concept, which Turkey prior to the beginning of Arab revolutions followed.
“Precisely then on the positions “zero problems with the neighbors” Turkey beginning to very actively develop its relations with the Near East and Asian region.
The very successful visits of the President of Turkey to Russia and countries of Africa now took place.
Therefore this vector of foreign policy will be developed and contribute to strengthening the positions of Turkey both on the regional and in the international arena”, counts expert.
Glazova considers that to return Turkey to the previous relations with the European Union will be improbably complicated, now a question faster in that, it will begin the European Union rigid to answer Turkey, which can go for the discovery of boundaries for the migrants and create thus serious problems for Europe.
Strike of the junior doctors: Calls to the new collective protests
The representatives of the junior doctors turned to the trade union with the request to sanction new collective protests into their dispute about the new labor contract.
The committee of the junior doctors (JDC) of British medical association (BMA) intends to request its complete council to support more than collective protests since the beginning of September.
JDC speaks, ministers did not succeed in answering questions about the labor contract.
The junior doctors and medical students in July voted for the cancellation of the transaction according to the labor contract, coordinated from BMA.
It was deflected by 58% of its terms, which participated in the secret voting.
In the letter to the members, published in Twitter on Thursday in the evening, the chairman of JDC Ellen MakKort said that the government continued “persistently to keep silent” apropos of the problems, which, as she said, led to the deviation of labor contract.
She said: “Taking into account the prevailing situation, the leader of JDC voted for the deviation of the proposed new labor contract fully and it called to the official repeated talks on all your questions”.
In response to the silence of government the leader of JDC today made official request to the extraordinary meeting of the council of BMA in order to approve the continuous program of the expansion of collective protests, beginning from early September.
Dispute led to the fact that the young doctors participated in six strikes in this year, including the first general strikes in the history of the national health service.
The leader of the junior doctors of BMA, doctor Joan Malavan, retired after affirmative vote the cancellation of the matched conditions of the labor contract, which BMA recommended.
He said to the members of BMA that the transaction was grow prettier, which should be accepted, during the meetings on the threshold of voting of 54 000 junior doctors and medical students.
After voting the minister of public health Jeremy Hunt said that this labor contract will be used for the medical workers in England.
Russia and Turkey: “The alliance of poor”?
This was the gesture, which completed crisis.
The leaders of Russia and Turkey were encountered on Tuesday in order to shake hands and to declare official end to the eight month war of words and economic sanctions.
But when Vladimir Putin greeted his Turkish colleague in the gold-plated hall of palace in St. Petersburg, in me was formed steady impression, which Ankara wants this reconciliation more.
There was handshake, yes.
But the smile of Mr. Putin appeared stretched, and it hardly radiated heat- even on its own restrained standards.
Recep Tayyip Erdogan in contrast to this spoke repeatedly about his “dear friend” Mr. Putin — five times, according to one report.
I lost calculation.
It also promised, that the relations with Russia will return not only to their subcritical level, but even higher.
Next day one newspaper described the actions of Mr. Erdogan as if nothing poor it occurred never.
In my opinion its enthusiasm assumed reverse.
But the involved coolness, which emanates from Mr. Putin, showed that the Russian leader forgot nothing.
Actually, the first was the reason for crisis, about which it mentioned in the entrance commentaries: Turkey brought down Russian fighter on the Syrian boundary.
The reaction of Moscow was at this moment furious.
Mr. Putin broke by angry tirade out, charging Ankara with the impact of Moscow into the back.
Insult was still more strongly, proceeding from the assumed friend.
Restoration of real confidence will be difficult, probably impossible.
Russian public opinion also changed since November.
For a period of months those controlled by state media outlet conducted the stunning, total attack on Ankara.
It suddenly seemed that they must consider Turks guilty of everything.
Charges from the representatives of the highest leadership were most serious, that the personal family of Mr. Erdogan was gained in illegal trade in oil from the zones of Syria, controlled by the so-called Islamic state.
It denied this decisively.
But in St. Petersburg official signal entered, that arrived the time to move further.
Finally, this meeting occurred only because Mr. Putin it obtained the apology, which it required of President Erdogan.
Russia could pretend to the victory of its kind.
The advantages of the declaration of truce are clear for Ankara.
First of all, to Erdogan are necessary all friends, whom it can obtain, after it was almost thrown down from its post in the past month with at an attempt the revolution.
Repeated terrorist attacks on Turkey clearly shook it also.
There is also economic reason.
Russian sanctions strongly struck — especially prohibition to the charter flights, which usually bring several million Russian tourists in the Turkish coast yearly.
A quantity sharply fell almost to 90%.
Concerning Russia, turoperatory and charter companies will here, of course, feel the lightening, when flights finally renew.
They place on the peak of the end of the season in the Mediterranean.
And even on this week the government television predicted cheaper fruits and vegetables, as soon as Turkish import of agricultural production will be permitted again.
“Tourists there, tomatoes conversely here,” as it was said in the report in the newspaper Vedomosti.
But visit also had additional political value for Moscow.
Ankara evil to the West for the fact that it considers as the weak answer to at an attempt the revolution.
Add to this its tightened dissatisfaction with the tortoise rate of conversations about the connection to the European Union and a step of Mr. Putin — which attempts to use coolness and to gradually destroy Turkish connections with the West.
Russian leader, of course, won bonus marks with Ankara for the call to the support of the selected organs of authority after at an attempt the coup d'etat.
Have, this is dannost for Moscow, which has its own deeply taken root fear of change of regime.
Thus, summit in this bright palace on sea coast allowed Russia and Turkey to present that the fact that one analyst described to me as “the alliance of poor”: two countries, which feel themselves rejected and humbled by the West, are united forces.
Nevertheless, in spite of the public showing of reconciliation, these two as before have essential differences.
Key is Syria, where Moscow recently positioned itself as the peacemaker, but where Russia and Turkey are supported opposite sides.
Possibly, speaks for itself that after the almost three hours of initial negotiations, until two Presidents gave press conference, they even did not affect this theme.
The President of Turkey intentionally avoided answer to a question about their differences, while Mr. Putin preferred to make an emphasis on them.
There is no clear agreement in how they can find common language from Syria.
But after the months of the open hostility — and taking into account the opportunity of the complete catastrophe, when the member of NATO Turkey it brought down Russian jet fighter, it is accurately better, that two leaders at least talk again.
The royal bank of Scotland will disappear for the clients beyond the limits of Scotland
The brand of RBS must be brought to the role of the Back-office according to the executive director of bank.
The royal bank of Scotland will disappear for the clients beyond the limits of Scotland.
Russian MakEvan described to BBC of Scotland that the brand of RBS was connected with the global ambitions of bank.
Bank stepped back from them from those times, as it almost collapsed eight years ago and it should have been saved.
During this period the strategists of brand used “RBS” in order to protect others Brenda consumer crediting.
It was supported by millions of pounds of sponsor aid to international sport, from the goblet of six nations on rugby to the champion of Wimbleton Indy Murray.
But it was now solved, which is correct to allow more national brands to leave to the foreground.
The royal bank of Scotland will be used with the Scottish clients, but it will not be neglected.
In England and Wales all dispatches for RBS, including the external head office and Stock Market, will be changed on NatWest.
The brand of Ulster Bank has already been used for clients in the republic of Ireland and North Ireland.
Are others, smaller of Brenda for the bank care of the private individuals, who will obtain more than influence — Coutts, Adam & Co, Drummond and Holt ' s of Military Bank.
Mr. MakEvan gave interview during the stage of clients and colleagues into Invernessshir.
He said BBC Scotland: “The brand of RBS will in the final analysis become our investment brand and fact, in which our personnel will be occupied, because we now become to the larger degree the bank of brands”.
Since bank itself became global brand, RBS became global brand.
I now say that we greater do not have global tendencies, we have local tendencies.
Each of these brands will present something completely different in their population groups, and our personnel will work with the clients under these brands.
RBS already stated that it will not be not in order to continue its sponsor support of the goblet of six nations, and it increases the profile of different brands in the sponsoring of sport.
“This suitable time for us in order to move the bank of brands, since at the basis (we asked itself) as we are focused on an improvement in the bank for the clients?” executive director said.
There would be is very cynically three years ago, if we said that we intend to be remarkable bank for the clients and would be shut all these Brenda.
But with that work, which we made, being focused on the needs of clients, but not on our own, I think, you see many changes.
We can again return these Brenda; therefore I count, time being suitable.
Franks Dettori it reaches to 3000 winners with the victory in You nyumarkete on the predilection
Dettori splashes champagne, after double in You nyumarkete it leads it to 3000 victories
Jockey Franks Dettori attained his 3000-oy British victory in You nyumarkete on Friday.
It arrived at this salient mark with the aid of its second winner of night on its domestic path - on the predilection, trained by John Gosden.
45-year-old Italian is the sixth jockey, who reached this salient mark in the smooth jumps.
It follows sir Gordon by Richards, Dugom by Smith, Lestorom Piggottom, Petom Idderi and by Willie Carson.
Triple champion is the jockey of Dettori, who previously won on Ghayyar, he said: “This something special”.
I am very agitated, because my family also here
I am very glad, that this happened in You nyumarkete, since precisely here I settled 30 years ago.
These are the large secular measure, this not Royal Ascot — these are the usual evening of Friday with is 20000 people.
I am free from the matters and very neprityazatelen.
Of Dettori assume the applause, when it gives predisposition after the victory
Two jockeys reached this mark in the jumps with the obstacles: champion is jockey Richard Johnson and left to the pension 20-fold champion Sir Anthony Makkoy, who had more than 4300 victories for the record career.
Lester Piggott, the ninefold winner of derby, 4493 victories in the career
Franks — one of the best jockeys of contemporary epoch it is not surprising that it reached this mark, which so a few reached to it.
It stylish and strong, but precisely its tactical keenness distinguishes it from others in the weighing room.
It splendid representative for the gallops, his enthusiasm and charisma drew fans into this sport for years.
I would say Franks several weeks ago in by Epsom, he would bring 6000 winners, if he was not only jockey of output and great leaps!
But if it is serious, Franks it brought winners in Great Britain the large part of 30 years, which is healthy to see.
He is energetic character, which is good for the British gallops, but moreover, he is improbable jockey.
Franks Dettori it finished celebrating this salient mark by firm swift soskokom from the horse
From the swift finishes to swift soskokov, Franks Dettori it is the symbol of British smooth gallops for a period of two decades.
These were takeoffs and drop.
Many winners of great leaps, including its famous “splendid seven” in Ascot in 1996, but it also it also survived plane crash and stayed in the disqualification because of the doping.
Three years ago it first encountered the difficulties, when it returned after six months old disqualification, but it showed the enormous force of will in order to defy skeptics and to return to the form.
And it perhaps yet did not finish to some period — to Dettori it previously said that he would want to continue to participate in the competitions, at least, to the 50-year age.
Putin dismisses the Head of Administration of Sergey Ivanov
Russian President Vladimir Putin unexpectedly discharged his the Head of Administration of Sergey Ivanov.
Ivanov was the part of the trusted neighbor circle of Putin for a period of many years.
This 63-year now was appointed as representative on questions of environment and transport.
Statement from the Kremlin says, that Putin “decreed to free Ivanov from his responsibilities of the head of the Russian administration of the President,” but was not named reason.
Mr. Ivanov's deputy since 2012; Anton Vine, was appointed as his successor.
Mr. Vayno, 44, the former diplomat.
Born in the capital of Estonia Tallin in 1972; it graduated from the prestigious Moscow State University of foreign relations (MGIMO [Moscow State Institute of International Relations]) and served in the embassy of Tokyo.
Later it was the head of control of the protocol of the President and apparatus of government, the Web site of the Kremlin reports (in Russian).
During the designation he said to Putin: “Thanks for your confidence”.
I think, the most important task of administration — this to support your activity as the Heads of State from the point of view of the development of the designs of laws and control of the fact, as your indications are carried out.
Putin reported to one Russian television channel on Friday that Ivanov requested to free it from this post and he recommended so that the Vine would replace him.
Do convince smiles?
This is the motion, which puzzled Moscow.
Sergey Ivanov long time was one of the nearest supporters of Vladimir Putin and, as and it, it served in the Soviet security service, KGB.
As Head of Administration it was one of the most powerful people in the country.
At the conference with President Putin, which they televised the government television, both men stated that Head of Administration it retired at will.
But in spite of the smiles into the camera, this little whom here convinced — especially now, directly before the parliamentary elections.
Thus, these are unforeseen consequences is some power contest?
Thus far no one knows.
But official statement — that man, for whom once they campaigned as for the potential President, suddenly wanted to govern Russian ecological policy — it was encountered with the enormous skepticism.
In the remarks to Putin, quoted on the Web site of the Kremlin, Ivanov said: “This is truth, that at beginning of 2012 I requested you in the conversation to entrust to me this very complex post, even, it is possible to say, problematic post, for four years.
That zh, is obtained, I was the Head of the President's Administration four years even eight months.
Ivanov entered the post in December 2011.
Earlier it worked as the Deputy Prime-Minister and Minister of Defense.
He is the member of the Russian Security Council and the former member of the service of national security the KGB as Mr. Putin.
At the end of the 1990's years, when Putin was the head of the Federal Security Service (FSB [Federal Security Service]), which arrived for the change the KGB, Ivanov was assigned its deputy.
When Putin came to power, he named Ivanov in the number of five people, to which he most of all entrusted.
It was once considered that Ivanov could become the President of Russia after the second period of Putin, since the third period for Putin would contradict constitution.
However, this post engaged other close supporter of Putin, Dmitry Medvedev.
Putin became Prime Minister to the return to the presidency after only three and one-half of year.
The star of series “to think as criminal” Thomas Gibson is discharged after fight with the producer
Gibson was a participant in the brawl on the surveys by show in Los Angeles in the past month.
ABC Studios and CBS Television Studios, which produce series, declared about its release in the joint statement.
Gibson, who played the special agent of Aaron Khotchnera, it brought apologies on Thursday, before it was declared about its removal.
There were creative differences on the surveys and divergence in the opinion.
I will regret, that this occurred”, he said in its statement.
Detailed information about how the character of Gibson it will be they will cross out from the show, which follows the command of FEDs, as it is expected, it will enter later, according to the statements of ABC Studios and CBS Television Studios.
the 54--year actor, who previously played main role in sitkome Darma and Greg, was in the show from the first season into 2005.
“I love “to think as criminal” and he packed its heart and soul into it for the last twelve years”, said Gibson in his statement, published on Friday.
I hoped to be present in it to the end, but now this it will be impossibly.
I simply would want to thank scenarios, producers, actors, our remarkable command, and, most important, the best worshippers, about whom the show could only dream.
It is planned, that by show will return with its twelfth season on September 28.
Puzzle: fish landed in the garden of Banfa
Man from Banfa turned for help into the identification of the fish, which it appeared in his garden in Banfe.
Kevin Beyn considers that 75 fish could be the sand eels, left by the water spout.
Beyn, which lives in 500 meters from the sea, laid out the survey of this spectacle into the periscope in the hope, which someone will be able to shed light to the appearance of two-inch fish.
Kvinsferri the crossing: Bridge is now connected Fife
Project to 1.35 billion pounds now must be completed by May 2017
Engineers connected northern flight and viaduct of Kvinsferri crossing — which means that now the bridge is connected Fife.
This the first of four joinings between “the fans of the fabric”, which now approach the completion near all three pylons of bridge.
The section of bridge from Fife now 600 meters into the length weighs 30 000 tons.
In it 10 000 tons of steel and 20 000 tons of concrete and 46 guys of bridge.
Project to 1.35 billion pounds now must be completed by May 2017.
The minister of economy Chinese Brown today visited area and it was one of the first, who was missed from the earth to the bridge.
He said: “These are historical and symbolic moment in the building of Kvinsferri crossing.
We are still witnesses of the engineering of actually epic scale in this project, where more than 30 000 tons of concrete became used only for the building of this part of the bridge.
In spite of the massive size and weight of bridge the completion of the joining between the viaduct and bridge fabric — this is virtuoso operation with the use of extremely precise admittances for the assembling.
On the whole about 79% of entire bridge fabric now on the spot, for the last section of fabric concrete coating pour off in Rosayte today, which means that entire fabric is prepared to the lifting in the place on the bridge.
Michael Martin, the director of the project of Forth Crossing Bridge Constructors, he said: “The first joining on each design of bridge is this the always significant landmark.
In this staggering project this joining is most contemporary construction art.
After the installation of the last section of road fabric and its connection with the expanding road fabric of northern pylon to us then it remained to shut the remained clearance on north — or inverted to the coast — side.
This was made an pulling of the viaduct of northern approach to 700 millimeters southern.
This was scale and at the same time very elegant operation.
Scale, because viaduct with the length of 222 meters, weighs about 6000 tons and had to be raised to the slope angle of about 3%.
Elegant, because the admittances, at which worked the command, were tiny — a total of several millimeters in each direction.
Fortunately, all this passed very well.
Rescuing in Moelfr bay: To three men 'it transported to remain among the living'
To three men 'it transported to remain among the living', after them it rejected from the fishing vessel in Anglsi.
The rescue station of Moelfre RNLI raised alarm in 13:20 on the British summer time on Friday, after command saw the incident, which is unfolded in Moelfr bay.
Three men from all forces attempted to swim to the safe place, while their vessel continued to go under its own power.
“We saw, as their vessel turned next to them and was assumed worse”, said the steering lifeboat of Moelfre Vins Jones.
“Fortunately, by that time when we went down to the water, high winds took away it to the side from them”, it added.
Two men were rescued with the aid of the local fishing vessel, and the third man of 60 years was found iznemozhennym and that engaging in the buoy without the life vest.
They all were raised onboard coast lifeboat and delivered to the rescue station
Jones said: “To three men, rejected into the water, it transported, that they were living and it is completely unharmed.
The engine of boat had emergency breaker, but it was disengaged by some means from the person, who governed the boat, when it overturned.
Someone protected these fellows today.
Pokémon of Go, worthy hunting for the health and happiness
It is captivating to observe, as peace changes.
That that the adolescents and children no longer leave to the street in order to play a little, preferring to spend its free time looking into the screens, it was the complaint of many in the last decade.
Pokemon Go tears off people from the sofa and it implicates into a certain physical activity.
Time in the screen was originally limited to television, then by video games and recently by smartphones.
So it is healthy to see that the technologies and activity on the street are not conflicting.
I, of course, have the general enthusiasm, which are Pokémon of Go, application on the basis of characters, initially created for the video games in the 1990's years (subsequently given birth to a series of cartoons, playing cards and other offshoots).
Like many other pop cultures of phenomenon, all this lost byluyu urgency somewhat earlier than this new game it became accessible in the USA, Australia and New Zealand at the beginning of July.
Starting in other countries at that time was detained in connection with the mass response, which overloaded servers.
Within a few days Pokémon of Go had more users, than in Tinder and almost so many, how much in Twitter.
Since it does work?
Briefly, players with the smartphones go to search for Pokemonov, which are tracked on GPS and, being by those discovered, they can be 'photographed' (through the screen shot on your telephone) or 'caught'.
The generation, which played into the game, being younger, was joined to the general enthusiasm, after being detached away from the sofas for the search.
IN the USA the game led to a notable increase in the quantity of steps, passed “usual” person daily.
Cardiogram, application for Apple Watch, which tracks 35 000 users, recently reported to Washington Post that during two days from the moment of the starting of game, a quantity of people, by it tracked, which daily carried out 30--minute exercises, ran up from 45 percent to 53 percent.
Company does not know, who plays into Pokémon of Go, it simply sees the primary data about the passage of levels.
Many campaigns in the region of public health, which convince of people “to find 30 minutes”, “to arise from the sofa” and “to be active each day”, did not find response, because the majority of health-protecting messages are dull and speak out by people, which appear unhappy.
Nevertheless, the importance of physical exercises cannot be underestimated.
Those, who regularly practice, are decreased the chances of the development in itself of cancer or depression.
Physical activity helps at the correction of weight, high arterial pressure, diabetes and the even longer list of advantages, too long so as to give here.
But the charm of Pokémon of Go consists in the fact that it takes out people to the street in order to make that the fact that they love.
Thus, are covered three bases of the health: motion, fresh air and sunlight and happiness.
Some people even start new friends on the hunting.
As usual, are located dull zanudy, which search for, on what to complain.
And yes, someone can stumble on the door.
Well and that?
Breakthrough occurred.
Indeed in spite of the fact that the applications for the smartphones, such as Fitbit could previously track our physical activity, they did not give to us occasion for the lessons, as this game gives.
The novelty of priestsya, and use will weaken in the course of time.
However, because of the success of Pokemon will appear more than the games, which will unite applications and virtual reality with the physical activity in the real world, helping many people on the hunting to be more active, in grow prettier to form and healthy.
Read the blogs of doctor Joe on www.drjoetoday.com
Simon Baylz wins gold of absolute superiority in the female gymnastics
Forget about the pressure.
Forget about the confusion.
Simon Baylz it is invulnerable for entire this.
Dynamic on the supporting leap.
Unconstrained on the log.
Stunning on the gender.
Staggering everywhere.
And now finally Olympic champion.
19-year American gymnast rose to the title of champion of the absolute superiority on Thursday, after placing the precipice between themselves and remaining part of peace at the convincing demonstration under close Olympic attention.
Its general mark 62,198 there was at a sufficient removal from the silver medal winner and comrade upon the command “final five” Elie Raysman and Russian bronze medal winner of the repatriation in Israel of Mustafinoy.
Baylz from the United States comes out on the gymnastic log during the finale of female individual absolute superiority on the artistic gymnastics on 2016 summer Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, on Thursday.
Baylz became the fourth in a row American woman, who won the title of the champion of absolute superiority and the fifth generally, attaching its reputation as by the best of its generation and, possibly, if that not was.
It burst into tears, when they showed its final general mark and its long journey up to this moment it ended.
This reaching places it in the same league, as the exceptionally rare athletes, such as Michael Felps, who raised their forms of sport to the new heights:
Baylz conducted past three years, prevailing in its form of sport, winning 15 medals of world championship - including 10 gold - with such stunning programs in their mixture of diligence and accuracy, that the Olympic champion 1984 of Mary Lu Retton named it “the greatest gymnast, whom I sometimes saw”.
One last test waited in Brazil, competition not so much between Baylz and by rest in this sphere, as between it and load of the overstated expectations.
Anything smaller than to leave back for the house of its family into Spring, Texas, with the handful of gold medals, would be considered as the unjustified expectation.
Simon Baylz from the United States, to the left, and Elie Raysman are embraced after the gain of gold and silver respectively in the finale of female individual absolute superiority on the artistic gymnastics on summer Olympic Games of 2016 in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, Thursday, avg.
Baylz earned first gold on Tuesday, after becoming beautiful final chord for the farewell party of outgoing to the resignation of coordinator national composite March Karoli.
While Baylz insisted, that it never glimpsed into the future during its long journey to the top, this not entirely thus.
The part of its program of free exercises — that which includes its firm passage — is established on the Latin American music, which would approach directly as houses on the street directly beyond the limits of the Olympic arena of Rio.
This is not agreement.
Girl, adopted by her by grandfather and grandmother, being the novices to walk by child and opened by the mother of trainer by Eymi Burman during the visit into the hall, where Burman was trainer, became force.
It lost not one competition in absolute superiority from the summer of 2013 — strip of luck, which must continue as for long, as this Baylz it will want.
In spite of the fact that Mustafina was obtained small advantage with the aid of two rotations, this was mirage.
Gymnastic log and free exercises — where Baylz protects the series title of peace — they lie at the ambush.
It again left forward with 15.433 on the log and finished with 15.933 on the gender.
Raysman softly embraced it, until they waited final calculation — clean formality — and tear appear around admission for the eyes of Baylz the bright the red with white and dark-blue, when the concept, which she once wrote down in the album for the cuts, it was carried out.
The appearance of Raysman was small vengeance for that occurred four years ago, when it divided the third place, but it lost bronze of Mustafinoy at the tie-breaker.
In this time 22-year-old is the captain of command, which the Americans call “grandmother” was considerably in front.
It sent kisses to crowd after its free exercise enveloped by the return, which sometimes seemed open to question.
Concerning Baylz, the virus tweet this 19-year week of this 19-year from the beginning now has completely new value:
Police: 3 victims in the matter about the serial killer are shot down during hearing of music in the automobile
Two women and 12-year girls, which died during the most fatal attack in the affair of the first serial killer Finiksa in the last decade, sat in the machine, they talked and listened to music, when them they shot down, according to the reports to the police, published on Thursday.
Angela of Roshel liner, Stephanie R. Ellis and daughter Ellis, Malia, were shot on June 12, when their machine was parked on the roadway, they stated authority.
Criminal made approximately eight shots from the pistol, costing from the passenger side of automobile, after which it was hidden on other vehicle, it communicates in the report.
The police declares, that the triple murder, in all likelihood, is not the result of robbery, since criminal did not take purses or 2 900 i, that was at the disposal in one of the adult victims.
The representative of the police of Finiksa, sergeant Jonathan Howard stated that the shooting prompted inspectors to verify, it was not connected with four previous attacks.
Only seven people were killed and two of others were injured as a result of nine attacks in two predominantly Latin American regions in the course of four months.
“This occurs in the residential area before the house”, said Howard KPHO, branch of CBS, at the beginning of this month.
That suspected, as assumed, used several vehicles, including brown Nissan the end of the 1990's, black BMW the end the 1990's and white Cadillac or Lincoln.
Inspectors refused to open evidence, which led them to the conclusion that the attacks were connected together and were perfected by one and the same killer.
Ellis, 33 years, it was hospitalized with the injuries and more lately it passed away.
Liner, 31 year, and daughter Ellis, Malia, died on the spot.
Witness described to the police that there was nothing uncommon in the fact that they sat in the parked machine, listening to music.
Authorities also published the report to the police about the firing, purpose of which was empty pick-up after half-hour to the triple murder and which, as assumed, it was the affair of the hands of serial killer.
Inspectors found cases and extracted bullet from the seat and the fragments of bullet from the motor section.
Mother of six-year-old child with microcephaly: It " becomes better”
As the majorities of six-year-old children, Edmund Piksivto loves singing, toys and, certainly, its mom.
But in contrast to the majority of its contemporaries, Edmund has microcephaly — result of genetic disturbance, about which its mom of Elizabeth Piksivto did not know during the pregnancy.
When it for the first time arrived home, my first thought was — I cannot make this.
I cannot make this.
I did not sign to this.
What, in reality, not truth — certainly you sign to this”, she said.
By it and to its husband to Vincent they said that Edmund, possibly, never learns them and that he can even not survive.
Some doctors even proposed to place it into the specialized therapeutic agency.
“My first answer was: “I did not think that people so still make””, explained Piksivto.
Edmund walks with the aid of khodunkov.
Edmund did not sit and did not creep, until to him are carried out three, and he, until now, does not say.
But it slowly passes some stages.
It walks with the outside aid and rolls itself on the bicycle.
It also loves to play with its two brothers and singing.
Elizabeth shows the gesture, which Edmund devised for “if you please, sing to me”.
“We is trained to its language of gestures”, said Piksivto of CBS News.
But the not simply usual language of gestures — she indicates that Edmund invented his own gestures.
Microcephaly can appear as a result of a whole series of different circumstances: genetic, such as in Edmund, infections during the pregnancy from such viruses as measles and bead.
Symptoms and forecast can essentially be distinguished.
It is still too early to speak about how this will affect the life of those, who are infected with the virus of bead.
Piksivto recalls emotional losses because of the indeterminate future.
I always did say that he will occur?
What will occur?
And she, until now, does not know.
I did not in reality inquire forecast for life, because I do not wait, which someone actually will be able to tell me.
But in Piksivto there is the encouraging council for the mothers of children with the inherent defects because of the bead.
It becomes better.
You know that everything for you will become better.
You will love your child, and your child will love you.
Strong rain, flood serve as a reason for rescue operations in Louisiana, the state of Mississippi
Strong rain and large-scale flood in Louisiana forced governor to declare state of emergency on Friday, in this case it is still more than sediments, as it is expected, they will fall out above the state until Saturday inclusively.
Numerous rivers in the southeast of Louisiana and south of Mississippi left the coasts and they threaten with large-scale flood after extreme amount of precipitation, the National Weather Service reported.
The governor of Louisiana John Bell Edwards stated that the bureaucracies are situated in the fixed contact with the local authorities and aid already left to the injured arrivals.
Mike Stil, representative of the office of governor on the national security and willingness for the emergencies stated that enter the requests the transport for the high water, boats and sandbags.
Stil said that only arrival of Tandzhipakhoa inquired tens of thousands of sandbags.
The danger of flood remains valid until Saturday on the larger part of the south of Louisiana.
Weather service said in the statement that the additional 3-5 inches can rush to the region.
In South Alabama the duty in the expectation of flood acted until Friday, since rain continued to go in Mobile region.
River Komit next to long loaf-Ruzhem and river Eymit next to Dunham Springs, both in Louisiana, according to the forecasts it had to establish the record of the level of seasonal flood into the past output.
Synoptic meteorologist Alek Krautmann said that both rivers could flood many houses in the suburban areas near Baton Rouge.
He also said that the flood, which goes downstream in the arrival of Assenshen, is threat, since these inflated rivers will slowly flow into Morpa lake.
Tikfo river, only south of the boundary of the state of Mississippi in Liverpool, the state of Louisiana, it reached the highest of the sometimes registered levels at 9 A.M. of Friday.
Rescuers still took out people of the flood in the regions Eymit and Wilkinson on the southwest of the state of Mississippi.
Leroy Khansford, his wife and stepson were among those rescued earlier on Friday near Gloucester.
Khansford, 62 years, indicate that waters Biver-cry, which are located usually into more than 400 feet from its house, rapidly rose within the night.
He said that another stepson, who lives near, warned it.
“We awoke, and water continued to begin”, said Khansford.
It reached the level of my belt.
Its wife said to Khansfordu that this is the largest inflow, which it saw in 48 years that it lived here.
Khansford said that it and all members of its family have disability, and it only, who knows how to float.
Khansford said that the workers of the rescue service saved all three with the aid of the army truck and delivered them to the fire station in Gloucester, where they were concealed on Friday.
Krautmann indicates that the flood “rapidly is extended”, since rains continue, noting that the officials examine order about the evacuation.
Krautmann indicates that one observer near Livingston reported precipitation 13.75 inches of rain from midnight until the morning of Friday.
Krautmann said that the soil was oversaturated by rain sediments since Wednesday.
Strong rain and flood of streets led to the rescue operations of inhabitants from the houses in the arrival of Tandzhipakhoa and cancellation of lessons in five school regions, authorities declare.
WWL, branch of CBS, report that adviser Tandzhipakhoa it described about 200 flooded houses.
Inhabitants were evacuated into two churches, but they both now are submerged.
The chairman of the arrival of Robbi Miller stated that the authorities saved 72 people and seven domestic animals, that were proved to be in the high water.
Shelters were opened in the city It eymit and city Hammond in order to accept those, who were evacuated.
“They will have opportunity to return home, as soon as water it will begin to step back”, he said.
In the city Hammond the arrival of Tandzhipakhoa of approximately two ten streets were closed because of the high water level, and sandbags were accessible for the delivery to inhabitants in the hope, that they will hold water far from the houses and enterprises.
“The last large flood, which we had, it was in March”, said urban controlling Lacey Landrum.
This to become similar event.
Harrison, leader of service according to the emergencies Rupert Lacey reported in Mississippi, region that widespread rain continued to go on the coast of the Gulf of Mexico.
According to him, several houses were registered as flooded on Thursday, but none was registered on Friday.
Keith Touson, leader of the store of Shopper Value Foods in Eymit, it lives in this region of 40 years.
“I saw water in those places, where I earlier never it saw, said Tauson, and it, until now, flows in the earth”.
Makhazh Brown, 6, “riddled by bullets”, remains in the living after skirmish in Philadelphia
The police reports that in Philadelphia they shot at the six-year-old boy, recording the second shooting into six-year old in the city on this week.
Grandmother and grandfather of child identified him for CBS Philadelphia as Makhazh Brown.
Grandmother and grandfather speak, Brown obtained numerous gunshot wounds, including him it smelled, foot, hand and stomach, but it was in the consciousness, when they transported it into the hospital.
“To it strongly it was reached, its small body was riddled by bullets”, says its grandmother of Delores Melendez of station.
I simply cannot into this believe.
Boy is in the hospital in the critical state and he survived several operations.
Family said to station that it is expected that it will get well.
It had to go into the first class in the local elementary school.
Brown was one of four people, in which they shot in the block of Dzhermantaun.
Also they shot at three men: two 29-year-old and one 32-year.
It communicates that one of the 29-year-old men - in the critical state; other two victims were registered in the stable state, according to CBS Philadelphia.
Child was found with that shot on the front seat of machine next to the 29-year-old in the critical state, station reports.
Other two victims were not in the machine, and the police investigates, someone of the injured men could be that shot.
Inspectors report to CBS of Philadelphia that there was, apparently, the skirmish between several armed people.
Cases from the semiautomatic weapon, assigned to the different versions of the semiautomatic weapon, covered scene of action.
It seems that this there was definitely the prolonged battle.
There were cases on the street, on both sides of pavement.
Therefore, judging by everything, there were there several armed fighters and they were actively implicated in the skirmish”, reported station the captain of the police of Philadelphia Anthony Dzhinaldi.
Many houses and machines in this zone were also caught.
It was not produced any arrests, and the police, according to the communications, examines the cameras of closed circuit television.
Another six-year-old child, girl, it was struck into the hand by stray bullet Tuesday, when it played before its house in West Oak Lane region.
It is restored, and the police still searches for that suspected.
Why to us are necessary Simon, Gabbi and Laurie
This is what I call female Olympic composite on the gymnastics of this year and for several reasons.
First, I was at each summer Olympics since 1984, and the USA never was such prevailing.
And the second: in this composite three gymnasts play key role: Simon Baylz, Gabbi Douglas and Lauren “Laurie” Hernandez, which already inspired so many nonwhite girls.
The composition of this composite, augmented Elie Raysman, which is the jewess, and Madison Koshan, who is katolichkoy, forces all to be proud.
This composite appears, at long last as America.
This also strengthened blacker and Latin American female presence on the top of this form of sport.
During the last four years female gymnast number one was the African American.
In the past year Simon and Gabbi were №1 and №2.
This is moshchno.
At the past Olympics of Gabbi Douglas he was the unexpected Olympic champion, and America encouragingly greeted.
Now peace could be the witness of the improbable appearances of the triple champion of peace Simon Baylzs, Douglas and Laurie Hernandez, that fulfill the unexpected, but nevertheless virtuoso gymnastic exercises.
On Thursday Simon she became the fourth American woman in a row, who won gold in the female individual absolute superiority.
But colleague on the composite Elie Raysman earned silver.
We become the witnesses of the peak of this form of sport, but it does not appear so in the gymnastic sections in the entire country.
Simon, for Gabbi and by Laurie all selected one and the same way, as Elie and Madison, in order to form Olympic composite.
They are “final five”, because the following Olympic composite on the gymnastics will have only four gymnasts in the command, and this last year of trenerstva March Karoli.
But in actuality gymnastics — is expensive sport, and gymnasts first are trained in the particular gymnastic clubs, which are supported with the aid of the parents, who pay the cost of instruction, equipment, journey, form, payments for the participation in the competitions, the payment of the services of hotels (for the trainers and their gymnasts and families), and list continues.
The majorities of these gymnastic clubs are located in the rich suburban areas, which can support this business.
These clubs are located, where the gymnasts obtain everything from their trainings, and this expensive and long-term responsibility for the families of gymnasts.
By Eymi Burman, trainer Simon Baylzs, and Meggi to Khani, the trainer of Laurie Hernandez, both trained their sportswomen from that moment, as they started the gymnastics.
We must create more acceptable on the price and more accessible instruction in gymnastics the associations of the innumerable number of young girls, inspired of Simonoy, Gabbi and Laurie.
I established my gymnastic fund for 20 years ago.
In my organizations we already granted free and inexpensive lessons by gymnastics, located in Harlem, for more than 15 000 urban young children (in essence, black and latinoamerikantsev) brought up national and international champions.
In September we will be enlarged into Detroit (my home town) in order to grant the high-quality gymnastics of young people, which deserves the opportunity to learn and to benefit from this great Olympic form of sport.
Gymnastics develops force, flexibility and coordination for the body, and also stability to the exhausting work, discipline and persistence for the mind.
Positive influence on a good health, success in the school and work renders this combination during entire life.
Specifically, the inspiration of this composite will send thousands of girls to be occupied by gymnastics, and this is wonderful.
To be occupied by sport — this so is important, especially for the girls.
Now this remarkable time.
The thanks to you, Simon, Elie, Laurie, Gabbi and Madison for this serious demonstration “female force” in the gain of command Olympic gold and for the fact that you justify so many girls of different origin to be healthy, strong and successful young women.
The junior doctors undertook the declaration of further strikes after the deviation of the proposal of Jeremy Hunt
Ministers hoped to complete dispute about the changes, after coordinating the changed agreement with the leaders of British medical association, but 58 percent of 37 000 young doctors, who participated in the voting, deflected it.
In July Hunt promulgated plans to introduce this agreement, after saying that NHS was on “no one's to the earth” and any subsequent delay will cause loss to personnel and to patients.
The first junior doctors are converted to the new agreement, which includes changes of the working activity in night time and output for the improvement maintenance in the extracurricular time.
Doctor Ellen Makkot, the chairman of the committee of young doctors” BMA, she said last evening in the statement: “The junior doctors still have the serious fears apropos of the agreement proposed, in particular, that it podpitaet the existing crisis of labor force and that it cannot be applied to all doctors correctly”.
Remained only eight weeks before the first group of doctors will be transferred into the new contract, is necessary progress, and time on the outcome.
The attempt VMA to resolve dispute with negotiations was encountered by the unwillingness to undertake actions and sometimes by complete silence from the side of government.
And this in spite of Jeremy Hunt's promise in the past month, that its door is always opened.
“To Jeremy Hunt it is necessary to act now, to inspire introduction and to react to the fears of the junior doctors.
If it this does not make, then the junior doctors are unequivocal in the fact that they are ready to organize the subsequent strikes.
Last strike at the end of April brought postponement of approximately 13 000 planned operations and 100 000 receptions of nurses, while nurse and consultants were drawn for guaranteeing the replacement of doctors on the line of picketting.
Ministers hoped to finish dispute about the changes, after coordinating the changed agreement with the leaders of British medical association.
VMA wants more a good payment of output for 54 000 junior doctors, who will fall under for effect of the treaty.
Daniel Mortimer, Director-General of NHS Employers, issued a call the junior doctors not to continue strike.
Mortimer it stated: “By strikes they reach little or anything, but render pressure on commands the already working on the limit and services, and cause concern, physical pain and disorders to patients, to nurse's aids and to their families”.
For a period of recent two months we talked with the committee of the junior doctors and together with the department Zdravookhraneniya, etc, by positive means they answered their fears, which are concerned the role of guardians and policy of corporate information.
Workers hoped that the continuous positive assistance on other important themes — such as the distribution of personnel, the flexibility of instruction, additional instruction for those, who return after interruption in the career, the cost of instruction, the mutual acknowledgement of training program, academic leave and gender differences in the remuneration for labor in medicine — were the sign of that, how it is serious employers, Health Education England and department of public health were collected to observe the conditions, achieved by VMA in November, February and May.
Preparation for 2 £ during the day can decrease the threat of the heart attack
Thousands of patients with the heart attack are collected to use preparation for 2 £ during the day, after authorities recommended to give to its larger quantity of people, also, during the more long time.
The anticoagulative preparation of tikagrelor decreases the risk of repeated assaults for the people with the heart diseases.
Preparation already is assigned for 12 months after heart attack, decreasing the risk of stroke or new assault.
Service on the supervision of NICE of national health services of Great Britain advised to give to its people for a period of four years in order to hence exclude the risk of cardiovascular problems.
However, now service on the supervision of NICE of national health services of Great Britain advised to give to its people for a period of four years in order to hence exclude the risk of cardiovascular problems.
Heart attack occurs from approximately 140 000 people in England yearly, and one additional assault or stroke occurs in fourth of them.
Heart attacks and strokes arise from the accumulation of fatty material on the walls of arteries and shaping of platelets.
If platelet is torn up on the part, then this can become the reason for the appearance of dust devil, which blocks access to the blood to the heart and causing heart attack.
But if dust devil moves, it will be able to be moved along the flow of the blood and to block blood flow to the brain, after causing stroke.
People, which already overtake one assault, undergo larger risk to obtain another.
Tikagrelor, produced by British firm AstraZeneca and sold by the name of Brilique, decreases the risk, making dust devils less likely.
The plan of instruction of NICE, published today, is recommended so that to the people would give 90 mH of tikagrelora for a period of 12 months, then 60 mH with the aspirin twice during the day for the following three years.
Professor Carol Longson, the director of the center of the estimation of the medical technologies of NICE, she said: “In spite of the presence of the effective methods of second preventive maintenance approximately with fourth of people, in which there was already the heart attack, occurs one additional heart attack or stroke — often with the destructive consequences”.
The fear of repetition can have a significant negative effect on the quality of life of man.
There are proofs that tikagrelor in combination with the aspirin is effective with reduction in the risk of the subsequent heart attacks and strokes in people, which already endured heart attack.
Preliminarily recommending tikagrelor, we are glad to have the capability to increase the versions of treatment, accessible to many thousands of people, which are ready to use it.
Since the information about effectiveness and safety of tikagrelora — especially the risk of hemorrhage — after the expiration of three years is limited, the plan of instruction does not recommend treatment longer than this period.
The culture of the ownership PCs makes possible to flourish for the falsification of the tabulation of votes in the Muslim regions
Ex-mayor Tauer-Khamlets Lutfur Rakhman was removed from the post in the past year because of corruption, after serving as an impetus the report of the government
The culture of political correctness led to the shutting of eyes, which was wrapped by the general falsification up of the tabulation of votes in the Muslim communities, according to the information from the destructive report of government, promulgated today.
The former member of cabinet of ministers sir Eric Piklz attacks with the criticism the police, observers after the motion of elections and administration of cities for ignoring of evidence of election fraud because of “excessive sensitivity apropos of the racial belonging and religions”.
The former Secretary of the local communities, now anti-corruption Tsar, reported, that the intimidation of voters on the religious soil was such strong, that the police must be permitted placing cordons beyond the limits of electoral districts in order to protect the frightened voters.
It proposes so that the voters would take identity cards in order to prove who they, when they vote.
The given moment the voters must only indicate their name and address.
Report even proposes to bring the indelible inks to the fingers of people, when they pass their bulletins, for the purpose to exclude so that someone could vote twice.
It is necessary to grant the best protection to informants, sir Eric stated.
It calls to give larger access to the documents of local council and solutions, accepted by unofficial committees or workgroups to press.
“This is done not only for the purpose to be protected from the swindle on the elections, but also in order to protect local government from the more open culture of corruption and financial swindle, which goes with it hand to hand”, he said.
Report was ordered by Downing Street as a result of the scandal with the voting in Tauer-Khamletse in East London.
In the past year special court, which examines questions of elections, decreed, that acting mayor Luftur Rakhman had to be displaced from the post in connection with the long enumeration of corruption and illegal activity.
Court revealed that Rakhman “cynically distorted” religious feelings of his Muslim community and forced to become silent his critics, charging them with the racism and Islamophobia.
Rakhman, as it was said, “conducted his campaign, being based on what the responsibility of the believing Muslims was to vote for it”.
The doubts were caused to 300 voices or they were the result of personatsii, when man votes, being someone other.
Sir Eric said that there were evidence of swindle according to the entire country.
It expressed special fears apropos of the swindle with the voting by mail, in which the senior members of Muslim community, as they report, exerted pressure on the people so that those would vote for candidate the selected by them.
Sir Eric, in the photograph, introduced several recommendations regarding cleaning of voting system, including the requirement to bring its identity card in order to prove, who you such
In its report it is said: “Were represented the proof pressures, exerted on the vulnerable members of some associations of the ethnic minorities, in particular on women and young people so that those would vote on the will of elders, especially in the communities of Pakistani and Bangladeshi origin.
“There were the fears that… the public institutions shut eyes to this behavior because of the excessive sensitivity “political correctness” apropos of the ethnic belonging and religions”.
The cheese of Eric gave 50 recommendations regarding cleaning of system, including the removal of political activists from the work with the post bulletins for the voting in order to stop “the collection of the harvest of voices”.
Report, during the examination of Teresa Mey, also calls to the rigid checkings with the registration in order to avoid the use of a list of voters for the swindle with the immigration and privileges.
Version is examined to require those voting to present identity card before the voting.
To use the indelible inks on the fingers of people, as soon as they will throw their bulletin in order to prevent someone from voting twice.
To conduct the systematic testings of the nationality of people in order to ascertain that they have the right to vote.
To introduce three-year-old limitation to the claims for the automatic post voting.
To remove political participants in the campaigns and activists from the work with filled absentee voting and envelopes with the post voting.
To give the police of authority to establish cordons around the electoral districts.
To change law in order to facilitate presentation to people of charge in the intimidation according to the idea of people report of 1983.
To make illegal photographing in the electoral districts.
To make by a requirement so that only English would be used in the electoral districts (with exception of Wales).
To strengthen instruction in order to guarantee, that personnel force those voting to go into the booth on one.
Sir Eric furiously attacks the urban police, declaring, that this “is surprising” that was not produced any criminal charges after the matter Tauer-Khamletsa.
“Court, which examines questions of elections, disqualified Lutfura of Rakhman and his agent for the long enumeration of corruption and illegal actions”, it reported.
It was acknowledged guilty of in the absence substantiated doubt — the criminal standard of proof — on the number of reasons.
It also criticizes futile “checking for the mark” of the divisions of the selective registration of the administrations of cities.
Sir Eric stated: “Last year's court order in Tauer-Khamletse was signal to the awakening.
Our nation has proud heritage as the mother of parliamentary elections, and the nevertheless alarming and concealed propagation of selective swindle and state of the negation by some organs threaten with this grow prettier reputation.
Descending from the mind according to the bicycle analog Keith and other doubles of the celebrities of the Olympics in Rio
The fans of Olympics of 2016 to Rio on this week went insane on French velosipedistke Ferran-Prevost Polin, which, as it proved to be, vpechatlyayushche was similar in duchess Kembridzhskuyu.
But a 24-year-old participant in the Olympic Games it is far from only sportswoman, who fights for gold this summer, who can brag of her own famous double — at least, according to the communications in the social networks.
Thus, in the honor of the games of Rio and all famous persons, who appear at our screens at the given moment, FEMAIL composed the list of Olympians, who have more than surface similarity to the Hollywood stars.
Hunter and the wolf: The member of the man command of the archers of the USA Breydi Ellison, to the left, compared with Leonardo DiKaprio from those times, as it was the child
Besides the double Keith on the bicycle path, many people online hurried that, as the specific archer could be the twin of superstar Leonardo DiKaprio.
The member of the man command of the archers of the USA Breydi Ellison became the reason for hurricane in Twitter, after appeared images his, appearing pugayushche similar to the star of wolf Wall Street.
And in reality, archer learned about the frenzy of social networks and recognized that he heard that he was similar on Leo from those times, as he was child.
“I do not personally see enormous similarity, it can be with exception of vegetation on face”, it said Breydi of Huffington Post.
“He attractive fellow; therefore I think, this is compliment”.
To one of the most popular comparisons from London 2012, undoubtedly, they will indicate still more in this year: striking similarity between the British jumper by Greg Razerford and popular actor by the Nile by Patrick Harris.
Russian gymnast is the repatriation in Israel of Mustafina, with its large expressive eyes, as they say, it is the verbatim copy of Cuban-American singer Gloria Estefan.
But in the pond of the south African swimmer of van der Burg's Cameron pump they compared with the star of chorus by Matthew Morrison already many years.
Passing to that more not expected: This user considers that Nathan — this “sport version” of actor it " began”
Another long ago continuous comparison was between tennis-player Raphael Nadar and actor Dzhoshem Kharnettom, which can brag of similar heavy eyebrows and lips.
Silver medal winner the swimmer from Russia of Julia Efimov can brag not only of equally tanned skin and bright hair as in actress AnnaLinn MakKord, while Nathan Adrian from the command of the USA according to fans, is similar to “sport version of Joseph Gorgona Levitta”.
Severe women: Soccer star Hope solo, to the left, and actress Jennifer Carpenter from Dexter, to the right, have the identical forms of face and eyes
Not only: One user of Twitter was very contented, that others also saw the similarities
Creating the theory: According to this user, possibly, there is the reason, which lies at the basis of the similar appearance of this pair
One user of Twitter recently it turned to the site in order to promulgate its enthusiasm, which “the remaining Internet thinks that Hope the solo and Jennifer Carpenter is in reality identical”.
In fact, the soccer star of the USA and actress Dexter have improbably similar forms of face and eyes.
Other popular comparisons included Kerry Walsh Dzhennings and its smile, which was close to the identical smile of actress Laura Lingni, and the also won gold medal the gymnast of Gabbi Douglas, who can brag of its own beautiful wide smile, which is similar to the smile of star " achieve success” Gabriel Yunion.
The commentator of the Olympics on CBC apologizes himself for the fact that he expressed himself about the Chinese swimmer “it died as pig”
Byron's analysis MacDonald the fourth place on the end of the 14-year ouch of Yankhan on the female relay race by the free style of 4kh200 m agitated on Wednesday the spectators of CBC in the straight translation of the Olympics
The Canadian broadcasting company of CBC was forced to be apologized after one of its commentators he said that the 14-year Chinese to swimmer “started as stink” and “it died as pig” during the round.
Commentator Byron MacDonald thought that his microphone was opened, when it began to express its own opinion at the end of the final female relay race of 4kh200 m by free style.
It was possible to catch as MacDonald, whom they drew to the command of the commentators of CBC in order “to dilute by its color”, he said: “This 14-year Chinese woman dropped ball, detka”.
Too agitated, started as stink, it died as pig.
Thanks for this.
The Chinese swimmer ouch of Yankhan, by whom 14 years, she swam the second stage of relay race after 1:57, 79 — for 1.61 seconds is slower than Canadian Taylor cancer, after allowing Canadians to remove delay from China.
Spectators throughout entire Canada rapidly reacted in the network, after they were shaken by tone and utilized expressions
Emmet Makfarleyn tvitnul: “In the whether matter itself the announcer of CBC recently said that the 14-year swimmer from China 'died as pig'????”
This idiot did not understand that they were still in ether”.
By free style they said on ouch Yankhan from China in the finale of the female relay race of 4kh200 m: “This small 14-year Chinese woman dropped ball, detka”.
Criticism in Twitter immediately attacked Byron MacDonald, moreover many they called to discharge him
The users of Twitter did not hold in control, when they heard what insensitive was Byron MacDonald
Another user of Twitter, Sara Paradiz, it wrote: 'Nothing to itself #ByronMacDonald.
You represent CBC and Canada and you make us similar to the heap of racists. #disgusted.
Soon after this Scott Russell, who conducted the transfer of CBC, apologized himself live for MacDonald's commentary, after stating: 'We request forgiveness for the fact that the commentary apropos of the appearance on the floating fell into ether'.
This was the unsuccessful selection of words, to us it is it's a pity, that this proizoshlo'.
SVS completed fact that they apologized themselves before more than by 90 people, which tvitnuli in response to this statement
To the friend of commentator to Scott for Russell it was necessary to bring apologies from MacDonald's face
CBC then copied and sent their apologies more than 90 to other users of Twitter, who complained on MacDonald's commentary
Tele-network also hurried to be apologized and to publish statement.
We sincerely will regret, that these statements were made and that them they permitted to leave in the ether.
Last evening we acted operationally in order to be apologized before our spectators live and our subscribers in the social networks.
Let us introduce clarity, Byron's commentaries related to the appearance of swimmer, but not to it as to the personality.
And nevertheless this was the inappropriate and unsuccessful selection of words, and Byron greatly will regret about the fact that he said.
On Thursday in the daytime MacDonald apologized himself live and it attempted to refine his commentary, after stating that he did not think that his words will interpret as attack on the personality.
'I would want to use moment in order to be apologized for the commentary, which I made a past evening after female relay race', he said on the translation of the Olympic Games on CBC'.
'I spoke about the appearance of swimmer, but not about it personally'.
'By itself of course which was implied no disrespect, and to me it is very it's a pity'.
The buyer of Primark insulted the woman, who shamelessly fitted the underwear among the store,
Buyers did not know, where to lead the view, when some woman bared in order to fit shorts, on the floor with the stores among Primark.
Which even is worse, it fitted, as it in them appeared, tightened them and assumed conversely on the regiment.
It continued search and as a result measured four pairs of the underwear in the store of the shopping center of Bouverie Place in Folkstone.
The store of Primark of the shopping center of Bouverie Place in Folkstone, where the woman fitted knitted shorts before to place them conversely on the regiment
The mother of two children of Jenny Devidson, who was at this time in the store, said that after the fitting of the underwear the mysterious woman again “dressed and left the store, having purchased anything”.
She said: “People could not believe in the fact that they saw”.
Costing among the commercial hall, it took the pair of shorts from the shop window, removed its own kolgotki and cowards and put on them.
“It did not attempt to find somewhere secluded place in order this to make — it simply stood there, shameless”.
“All were set, when it removed shorts again, and they were not clearly pleased by it, because it placed them conversely on the regiment”.
It made the same with other three pairs, before it finally solved, that here there is nothing, which was pleased by it, again it dressed and left.
“It is not it seems that worried it, who observed it, or that it thought about the man, who as a result will purchase these cowards, whom it fitted”.
33-khletnyaya Jenny Devidson from Kent, she said: “As it is disgusting to think that someone intends to take home the cowards, whom someone another already bore, but they were not done some washing”.
Incident happened on Tuesday in the daytime.
Devidson added: “I the conclusion that personnel, in all likelihood, attempted to remove these objects of clothing from sale, after it left — well those better”.
“I would not want to arrive home with the new pair of female cowards and to reveal that another woman put on and removed them, and they were not done some washing”.
The representative of Primark reported: “Primark knows about the incident, which happened in our store in Folkstone on Tuesday August 9”.
All goods, with which deals the discussion, were withdrawn from sale.
As to protect itself from the attacks with the pistol, using the steal-magician
Surrounding peace - is dangerous, but this video from Dailymail.com, is possible, it will help to make it for you somewhat safer.
We had a talk Ronom Mizrachi, by the master of the federation of steal-magician in New York in order to explain as to manage the armed robbers at the close distance.
They do approach you from the front or from behind, this video will show you how to beat robber with its weapon.
If approach from behind according to Mizrachi, the first, what must be done — this to be developed then so that you would see that attacking and they ' freed line of fire'.
Then you strongly compress the pistol between your forearm and arm before to strike them into the person by free elbow.
Then follows elbow in it smelled, and thus far attacking is bent from the pain, you twist out pistol from its hands, you beat it into the person by stem and you will retire, holding weapon induced to it.
For that armed, that is suitable from the front, the method of fulfillment is similar - remove your body from the line of fire, you will rapidly grip pistol and you will unscrew it so that the villain could not shoot.
You will at the same time move weight for the pistol and strike that attacking by fist into the breast, then you will turn inside out pistol from its grasp before to fall back back and to be aimed to it.
It does sound complicatedly?
You will look video in order to see, as precisely this makes Mizrachi.
But you remember that the safest output from any robbery — if you are not the master of steal-magician — this to return its available.
For the guide the traveller Jan Wright carries out by his language through the dirtiest places of Europe
British traveller subjected his immune system and emetic reflex to serious testing, licking some of the dirtiest and most disgusting places in Europe.
Leading the author of the books about the journeys Jan Wright, 51 year, from Saffolka, conducted by language on the bank note of the Euro, to the rails of the circus of Piccadilly, to the button of the washing of toilet in the train and to Russian public telephone in order to prove the force of its immune system.
Before licking each object, he used a luminometer in order to show itself and to us, in that it gets in.
But the experiment, which must become film by the name “leadership of traveller-Lizuna on the internal force”, gave some surprising results.
Thought about licking of the button of washing in the train, which use thousands of others, it can be extremely disgusting, but in reality there are poorer bacteria in the kitchen shell.
During entire trip through Europe Wright spoke to doctors and medical workers about an increase in the enteric bacteria and its own health.
Fortunately, nothing of that licked it did not bring to it more than poor taste in the mouth.
Wright became known because of the tests for strength of his bowels, travelling around the world and eating up strange and surprising things.
From the public rails on the train stations to the button of the washing of toilet, this task, undoubtedly, tested its immune system
In the film, which it removed, he said: 'From the childhood itself I was completely lighthearted with respect to my health and I pulled many different things into the mouth from the earth, eating up worms and dirty water.'
It undoubtedly proved its reputation during the film.
Only, from what it refused, dirty Russian public toilet.
Its trial smear demonstrated the value of luminometer, which exceeds 4000 units.
For the comparison: the recently washed out hands must be within the framework of 60.
But there was one Russian public toilet, which it refused to lick, after the value of its luminometer comprised more than 4000 units, while the recently washed out hands show less than 60
Wright and Finnish producer of the dairy products of Valio took film about the traveller by the name “leadership of the traveller-Lizuna on the internal force”, who demonstrates a quantity of bacteria in the different places, for example in the toilet
In the film it reported: 'This is close to one of the worst things, which I smelled in the toilet.'
There is nothing dirtier than this!
I intend nothing to lick, because this sickeningly.
“The leadership of traveller-Lizuna on the internal force” was taken together with the Finnish producer of dairy products Valio.
Company granted to Wright Valio Gefilus, who contains sour-milk bacteria, and also vitamin C and D in order to help to accelerate the growth of the enteric bacteria of man and to develop immune system.
The senior Vice President of Valio on the hors d'oeuvres, juices and new categories Niko Vuorenmaa said: 'We actually wanted to propose to users something new.
That would be interesting to look and at the same time could explain the benefit of probiotikov.
We had the brainstorm, which was completed by idea “give let us ring Jan”.
They assert that the interest in the health of bowels becomes the global phenomenon
Instead of it is simple to speak about the products, we wanted to place them into the larger context: good and poor bacteria in our daily medium, the importance of the health of bowels and as it is connected with the immune system.
The growing interest in the health of bowels is global phenomenon, and with the aid of this documentary film we could present more information about this in the interesting form to users.
I also think that the film shows that we have the good feeling of humor!
That Khakala, which was the director of film, added: 'Let us say as follows: I would lose respect for Jan, if he licked some things, which I requested, for example the disgusting Russian toilet, which was shown in the film.'
Naturally, some things to Jan it was more simply lick, and some were sufficiently rigid.
I am glad, which some of these lickings we succeeded in photographing to plenku'.
In the course of interrogation, Valio carried out in 2015, 84 percent of respondents connected sour-milk bacteria exclusively with a good state of stomach and bowels, and 58 percent said that they use, at least sometimes, the products, which contain the added sour-milk bacteria.
The family of hooligans destroyed Saltash, municipal house Cornwall, on the eve of the moving out
The family of hooligans left its municipal house with the losses to 50 000 £, after they were moved out for the intimidation of their neighbors.
By Tanya Skeldon and her partner of Sean Trebilkok they expelled from their object of real estate into Saltash, Cornwall, after the long list of complaints against them.
After they were forcedly moved out of the object of real estate, shocked the officials of house-building cooperatives they revealed this object of real estate in the state, which requires repair.
Walls were left with the gaping holes, floor-boards were revealed, garbage was scattered on the gender and walls were soiled by graffiti.
Family is now moved and, it is assumed, lives in the particular apartment
To Donna MakEvoy, rasselitel in Cornwall Housing, said that it fears that it not to save.
She said: 'This was absolute nightmare for the people here, and I do not think that people must so live.
There are many things, which must be weighed, because this object of real estate, probably, will be known as the not very good aspect of Cornwall.
This family uses bad glory, and their name uses bad glory.
Three sons, which lived in the object of real estate from time to time, and the police reports in the pair that the reign of the horror, caused by family, included fights on the street with the baseball bits, intimidation of the inhabitants of the adjacent regions, use of narcotics, trade in narcotics, excessive cries, spores and profanities.
Skeldon, 47, whose name it was on the agreement of lease, obtained warrant for the deviant social behavior in June.
In several rooms of house, which can be brought down, found the old garbage
The boards of gender in the house, in which in the past were sold the narcotics, were pulled out
Neighbors say that they saw fights on the street and regularly was called the police
Cornwall Housing forcedly evicted from its house and its partner on this week, after they gave the prolonged period in the size of 11 weeks for the voluntary departure.
Moving out with the lightening was greeted by the neighbors, who said that their lives were they converted into real hell.
One reported: 'They disturbed no one'.
We lived next to them 20 years, and this was always bad.
A quantity of times, when we here saw the police, is improbable.
'This morning we could not sleep'.
We arose, because it was here so quietly - we to this did not become accustomed!
Now, when they at long last left, everything will be wonderfully.
Adam Fitzpatrick, team leader with respect to the guarantee of proximity of Cornwall Housing, said that the family could not collaborate with the local authorities.
Family lived in the house of 20 years, with the police, and to that the police regularly was called
Garbage and old toys were scattered below along the been overgrown side of the municipal house
It added: 'This is disgrace, that the leaseholder could not accept any responsibility for its behavior and its family, since moving out — this is the always last method of actions, which examines Cornwall Housing.
This was the very complex case, since behavior was maximum, and their actions were probably those terrifying for its observing neighbors.
I value entire work, which put my command, police and members of the associations of Devon and Cornwall, which brave came out in order to give information to us.
I hope that this development will give a little comfort to neighbors and will send signal about the fact that the asocial behavior will not be allowed.
Fitzpatrick reported that all three sons lived in the house in the different time, but he said that by them all then was somewhat more than 20.
Dirty mattress, which was remained on the gender in one of the bedrooms of house after the moving out
The workers of settling now will be must remove the heaps of garbage, which surrounds the house,
In 2014 the police arranged search in the house and found more than 70 g of hemp, and also the weights, which correspond to belonging even by 1700 £ available.
Skeldon was penalized, after it recognized itself as the guilty of the ownership of the narcotics of class v for the purpose of delivery.
She stated that dispatch money to the payment of epitaph for its son, Skeldona, which died in the car wreck in 2013.
After they made them homeless, there is information, that Tanya and its partner now live in plymouth.
The walls of many rooms of house were soiled by graffiti along entire surface.
The police say that they will try to evict the leaseholders, who are not subordinated to the rules of the lease of the accomodation,
Angela of Crowe, from the police of Devon and Cornwall, stated that this moving out sent clear warning to other leaseholders, who continue to disrupt rules.
'This message for those, who feel, that they can behave without the charges of accuser, and also those, to whom brings harm this behavior', she said.
Criminal and deviant social behavior never will be allowed by the police of Devon and Cornwall, which will continue to work with the partners in order to protect our associations.
Tourists in Portugal arrived into the horror, when the low-flying military aircraft, hardly it did not touch the beach
In Aveyru city in Portugal the tourists, who adore to be taken one s ease on solnyshke, terribly frightened for their lives
The aircraft P-3c of Orion of the Air Force of Portugal flew improbably to the low-
The Air Force reported that it carried out training flight, but they insisted on the absence of risk for the safety
Here is the moment, when the frightened tourists begin to panic, while moment when the low-flying aircraft dived above the overfilled beach.
On the dramatic personnel is visible the military aircraft, which flies almost at a distance of the contact from the hunters on the strip from the sand into Aveyro, North Portugal.
Resting povskakivali to the feet, as soon as they became for the intelligible reasons they were concerned by noise of the engines of aircraft, but without having an opportunity to see which moves to their side through the clouds.
Incident occurred last evening not far from Aveyru city in Costa-it was new.
Daniel Fernandesh, one of several vacationers, which published video of the shocking flight in the social networks, he said: “It flew entirely low- twice, and there was moment, it seemed at which moment that it will break.”
Nun Arrozha added: “I dealt with surfing even I swear, there was such feeling, that the aircraft any minute now will fall to me.”
Tourists on the beach to Aveyru were terribly frightened, when aircraft seemed from fog and flew at the extremely low height
The Air Force of Portugal stated today that the pilot of the aircraft P-3c Orion carried out training flight for the purpose of the detection of fishing courts on the coast, and was forced to descend so low-, since this was only method, in order to verify them.
Pilot stated that the aircraft flew somewhat lower than usually in view of the insufficient visibility, caused by smoke from the adjacent burning forests, but the Air Force insisted, that no one was subjected to danger.
This summer forest fires caused loss to the mainland part of Portugal, and also took away lives four people in the island Madeira.
The Air Force of Portugal made today statement, that for pilot it was necessary to fly so low- by the force circumstances — thick fog and smog from the forest fires, which worsened the visibility
Aircraft carried out training flight, and to pilot it was assigned reveal fishing boats within the framework of the task
System “KHASSP” already more than year is required for the public catering, but the majority of cafe and restaurants of Petersburg did not inject it, until now.
Checkings become more actively, and penalties to 1 million rubles threaten to business.
Is already more than year the system of Hazard Analysis and Critical Control Points (HACCP, in the Russian version KHASSP) - the analysis of risks and critical control points - it is required to the application by producers and by the ferrymen of food, and also by companies in the sphere of public catering in Russia as the member of the customs union (TS).
Checkings of business by Rospotrbnadzor {Russian Health Protection and Supervision] to the correspondence to these standards in Petersburg began in February 2015.
But thus far officials extract penalties only for the separate disturbances of the regulations (see “the list of documents”…).
However, the nonfulfillment of regulations as a whole will manage to enterprise into 600,000 rubles for the first disturbance and into 1 million rubles - for the second.
KHASSP as the system, which considers risks with the work with food products and preventing them, devised in the USA in 1960-X years.
Then the discussion dealt with the safety of food for the astronauts.
Now system is used in all food enterprises not only in the USA, but also in Canada, and in the European Union.
Since February 2015 KHASSP acts in the territory TS.
To development and introduction of system the business had 4 years (requirement KHASSP it appeared in the technological regulation TS in 2011).
However, owners themselves, and officials recognize that the majority of companies even did not hear about this standard.
We, unfortunately, were for long assured that the standard concerns only food productions, but not restaurateurs, explained the head of public council Helen Tzereteli.
Now everyone tries to make that missed up.
Expected period of the renewal of charter flights into Turkey - the end of August - beginning of September.
But azhiotazhnogo demand they will not cause, since their purposeful audience (families with the children )has already been prepared for the school, experts note.
The alliance of tourist agencies yesterday directed letter to government with the request to even now solve charters.
“For many Russian tourists a question of the selection of qualitative and accessible sea leisure is insoluble, since at the health resorts of Krasnodar Krai and republic the Crimea the majority of the objects of arrangement is already armored to the end of September”, note authors of the letter and they emphasize that the discovery of charter transportation in August substantially will not influence the already prevailing demand for the Russian sea of turprodukt.
As they reported in the North Western regional department of the Russian union of turindustrii (RST), if the aviation departments of Russia and Turkey rapidly will agree, the renewals of charter overflights into Turkey can be expected in the course of the month.
The clear understanding, when charters are renewed, until no, this depends, first of all, on aviation authorities.
Technically can fly aircraft in September, even August, if turoperatory operationally build programs and will agree with the airlines about the necessary in the direction boards”, say Pavel Rumyantsev, deputy director for communication and international projects of North Western regional department RST.
According to him, the possible renewal of charters - good news, but too will not influence the arrangement of forces on the market, because the basic buyers of charter stages - family with the children - already returned from leisure and they are prepared for the school or vacation in other countries is conducted.
In the autumn season single travellers buy stages in essence and vapors.
Charter programs can design for those, who have the capability to rest spontaneously”, says Pavel Rumyantsev.
“Turkey has chance to draw many tourists, if it will now give very budget estimates - 50-60,000 rubles for the stage on two, because there are people, which goal-directed wait very cheap stages”, say Valerie Rosenthal, Director-General of turagentstva Optio-Travel.
In another case to design for stir accurately does not stand - bulk of journeys is already planned.
Pavel Rumyantsev also considers that, since the demand exists to the regular voyages into Turkey, charters will be also claimed, but stir to wait it is not worthwhile.
“For Turkey the starting of charters now - this is the rehearsal of the following season”, says Pavel Rumyantsev.
“The discovery of charters into Turkey - the positive news for the following season”, is agreeable Valerie Rubtsov.
Tax code provides for release from NDFL established entitlements in the limits of the affirmed standards, established by legislation, connected with the compensation of the harm, caused by mutilation or another damage of health.
Delivery to workers, occupied on the works with the harmful working conditions, milk according to the established standards is provided by st. of 222 TK RF.
In this case standards themselves and conditions for delivery are established by the order of the Ministery of Health and Social Development of the Russian Federation from 16.02.2009 № 45n.
According to this document the free delivery of milk or other equivalent food is produced to the workers in the days of actual employment on the works with the harmful working conditions, caused by the presence at the job of harmful production factors.
On the basis of the standards indicated, the Federal Tax Service of Russia in the letter in question came to the conclusion that on the basis of abz. 2 p. 3 of st. of 217 NK RF are freed from the taxation NDFL the incomes in the form of the cost of the milk, issued to the workers in the days of actual employment on the works with the harmful working conditions in accordance with the standards and conditions, approved by the order of the Ministery of Health and Social Development of the Russian Federation from 16.02.2009 № 45n.
Moscow “Gazstroybank” remained without the license TsB.
On Friday August 12, 2016; the central Bank of Russia recalled license for the realization of bank operations in credit organization the joint-stock commercial bank “of GAZSTROYBANK”, registered in Moscow.
According to the communication of regulator, AO AKB “of GAZSTROYBANK” was carried out the high(ly)-risky credit policy, connected with the arrangement of cash resources into the low-quality assets.
The adequate estimation of the risks according to the requirement of regulatory organ adopted and reliable reflection of the cost of the assets of bank led to the appearance in the credit organization of bases for the realization of measures for warning of bankruptcy.
Furthermore, credit organization was implicated in conducting of doubtful transit operations.
In the bank is assigned temporary administration the period of action to the moment of designation in competitive manager or of destructor.
The authorities of the executing agencies of credit organization in accordance with the federal laws are stopped.
AO AKB “of GAZSTROYBANK” - a participant in the system of the insurance of contributions.
Let us recall that the payment of insurance compensation to the depositors of bank, including to individual owners, in accordance with the federal law of № 177-FZ “about the insurance of the contributions of the physical persons in Russian Federation banks” is provided in size of 100% of remainder of means, but not more than 1,4 mln rubles. in the totality to one depositor.
Payments, according to the data of insurance agency of contributions, will begin not late on August 26, 2016.
According to the data of account, in the value of the assets AO AKB “of GAZSTROYBANK” on August 1, 2016. 335 place in the banking system RF occupied.
The London schoolgirl, who was joined to IGIL, died in Syria
Kadiza of sultan, one of three British schoolgirls, who left London in the past year in order to be joined to IGIL, as it communicates, it died in Syria.
Attorney to the Tasnim of Akundzhi stated that its family learned about its death in Rakke, Syria, several weeks ago.
It is assumed that it died from the Russian air impact in Rakke, stronghold of group in the country, as they reported ITV News on Thursday.
Sultan there were 17 years, and according to its family, it died exactly when it planned to leave country the torn up by war and to return to England.
“It is possible to only hope that only advantage from this in all - as epitaph and will by others, that these are precisely those risks, with which deals the discussion with the trip to the zone of military operations - to dissuade people to sometimes make the same selection”, it said Akundzhi.
In February 2015 sultan even other two schoolgirls from East London settle to the aircraft to Turkey and then to the bus to the Syrian boundary.
Sultans said to family that it married militant IGIL to Syria and she became widow in the course of several months.
Reed declares, that Clinton will remain loyal to Garlandu as candidate for supreme Judge's post in the case of the election
The leader of Democrats in the senate Harry Reed says that he is convinced that the democratic Presidential candidate of Hillary Clinton will nominirovat judge Merrika Garlanda into the Supreme Court, if it will be selected as the President.
The Republicans of the senate blocked the assertion of Garlanda, that as President Barak Obama nominiroval of him in March.
The team leader of majority in the senate of Mitch MakKonnell declares, that the following President will select that person, who will be able to replace the last Supreme Court Justice Antonina Skali.
Reed stated on the conference-bell on Thursday that he predicts, that Clinton will select Garlanda “with a certain degree of confidence”.
Representative Reed more lately said that he did not speak with Clinton directly about that, it will advance Garlanda, and assumptions simply were built.
It praised Garland and said that the command Clinton would not want “to swing boat” with the new selection.
Garland — the chief judge of the court of appeals of the United States on the region Columbia.
Reed stated that the Republicans, who block the nomination of Garlanda, these are “hangers-on” and “the accomplices” of republic Presidential candidate Donald Tramp.
He stated that Tramp is not suitable for a post.
Treats declares, that erotic calendars for 'the women, also as for the men'
The periodical of Treats collaborates with photographer David Bellmer in order to release into the light calendar in 2017, inspired Pirelli of the 1970's.
But instead of the exposed celebrities they are set as a goal to find the next generation of top models for their calendar in 2017 with the exposed Muzas.
The President of Treats Steve Shaw described to us earlier in this year, that his periodical with the large number of exposed models differs from old-fashioned Playboy, because “Playboy - for the men”.
I make him for the women.
Obviously, he thinks that calendar also.
“We should return to the demonstration of the eternal and classical exposed figure, where the women, just as man, feel themselves comfortably and vdokhnovlenno by these images of female body”, said Shaw in the press release, which declares about the calendar.
Women will want to be the aspect of this project, because this excellent work of art.
Models can give to photograph online or personally in open castings in Los Angeles and New York.
Reminders about the unconscientious Internet stores will give to Muscovites.
In Moscow they are going to release the reminder, which will describe, how not to become the victim of Internet store.
On this they reported in Rospotrbnadzor {Russian Health Protection and Supervision], it writes M24.
It communicates that the specialists of department prepare the reminder, which will help citizens correct to select Internet store and to recognize possible knavish diagrams.
The concept of this pamphlet provides for several divisions.
These will be general information and the legislative base, the rule of the delivery of goods, the methods of the protection of their vested rights.
In the application will be given the recommendations about how it is correct to compose claim and so on”, they described in Rospotrbnadzor {Russian Health Protection and Supervision].
Reminder up to the present moment is finished.
Subsequently it will be placed on the site of Rospotrbnadzor {Russian Health Protection and Supervision] for Moscow, it is planned to also release printed version and to give to Muscovites.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation published the statement, in which was named the name second of that suspected of the organization of diversion in the Crimea.
Are detained those from the number of citizens of Ukraine and Russia, who rendered assistance in the preparation for terrorist attacks.
Among them - Panov Yevgeny Alexandrovich and Zakhtey Andrey Romanovich.
“They all give grateful indications”, it is said in the communication.
The previously inhabitant of Zaporozh'ye region Yevgeny Panov, who was detained on the suspicion of the organization of acts of terror in the Crimea, recognized his fault on the examination.
FRONT will fine Google to 438 million rubles.
The federal antitrust service of Russia (FRONT) appointed administrative penalty to the corporation of Google in the size of 438 mln rubles., it is spoken on the site of department.
“Penalty for the company of Google for the disturbance of the anti-monopoly legislation was 438 mln rubles.
We hope that the company will carry out our solution and will pay off penalty soon”, stated deputy chief Aleksey Dotsenko's FRONT.
In the course of investigation FRONT it established that Google supplies to the producers of the smartphones, which are sold to the territory of Russia, store of the applications of Google Play only when on the device will be established other applications of corporation.
Among these applications is registered the search system, which must be placed on the main screen of smartphone.
Thus, corporation disrupts h. of 1 st. of 10 FZ “about the protection of competition” (abuse of dominant position).
We are assured that the performance of order will ensure opportunity for the development of competition on the market for mobile ON in Russia, which favorably will affect our users.
Law “about the protection of competition” must be observed to all companies, whose production is supplied to the territory of the Russian Federation, and to transnational corporations including”, noted the chief for the administration for the coupling adjustment and information technology the FRONT of Russia Helen Zaeva.
Department suspects of the agreement 16 Russian stores.
Network “new book” they fined for sale of the book “50 days to my suicide”.
The network of stores “new book” is penalized for sale of the book of Steys Cramer “50 days to my suicide”, reports the agency of the urban news "Moskva".
As they reported in Rospotrbnadzor {Russian Health Protection and Supervision], without having refined the sum of penalty, the text of the book can be considered as “provoking or justifying to the suicidal behavior of children and adolescents”.
Ostankino district court confirmed the violation of the established requirements of propagation among the children of information production and decreed to appoint punishment in the form of the penalty with the confiscation of 49 copies of printed production, arrested by the administration of Rospotrbnadzor {Russian Health Protection and Supervision].
Source in “new book” confirmed that speech goes about the work of Steys Cramer.
In March this year it communicated that in the largest book stores of Moscow pass the checkings to the presence of the book “50 days to my suicide”.
In Moscow the commemoration meeting of Ernst Neizvestnogo will pass.
In Moscow the commemoration meeting of sculptor Ernst Neizvestnogo will pass, reports TASS.
Measure takes place on August 15 in the central house of writers.
Unfortunately, not all can be requested with the unknown in the USA personally.
Therefore it was decided to arrange this evening for those, who want to mention it on the native earth”, they stated in the press service of Russian Jewish congress.
They there noted that this is important for the widow of sculptor Anna Graham and his friends around the world.
To the evening are invited the close friends of unknown, including poet Yevgeny Evtushenko, artist Boris Messerer, the President GMII named Pushkin Irina Antonov, director Mark Rozovskiy, and also the culture minister of Russia Vladimir Medinan, the head of the department of the culture of Moscow Alexander Kibovskiy, the deputy mayor of Moscow Leonid Printer.
It previously communicated that the relatives of Ernst Neizvestnogo plan to conduct requiem for the sculptor in New York, supposedly, until August 14.
The end user of vinyl: who in reality buys plates?
The lonely men of average years love vinyl.
And thus far you did not rush to clog the division of commentaries by rough insults under the pseudonym It neVseOdinokieMuzhchinySrednikhLet, this assertion ensues from actual data.
According to YouGov, so the much discussed revival of plates is caused not by boom among the generation of the two-thousandths, which want to be penetrated by the novelty of material object, but by nostalgia of average years.
Those, who recently purchased vinyl album c with the high portion of probability they are found in the age from 45 to 54, according by this.
Moreover, those, who belong to the age group of 18-24 years, are least likely.
This also not simply the report of sobiratelstva by lovers - in this is the emotional value: more the elder buyers of vinyl with the somewhat larger probability hold their feelings in themselves (56% against 53%) and delight in by solitude (69% against 66%).
But are the results of YouGov accurate?
If this blog would be news telecast, camera would follow me, until I would go on to center the lively street of wooden ploughs, in the modest gray suit and violently gesticulating before the stoppage, adding hands and speaking something impressive like: “So, give let us look.”
Thus, give let us look.
While the heart of wooden ploughs is slowly deprived of its fascination and of mud — hotels, of cafe, the small shops of Paperchase now took over the buildings, once occupied by the independent salesmen, — several musical stores with the fantastic specialists still remained.
I, probably, requested camera to stop for the following scene, in which I am situated closely to different people in some of these stores and attempt to estimate their age and emotional attitude with the aid of the observation.
The native of glasgow Stewart, 55 years, after whom I went from Sister Ray (calculation of the data: two young women, three men of average years) to Reckless Records (calculation of the data: eight men of average years, one woman, probably, is older than 20 years), in London on noon in order to conduct meeting, and it is missed on the stores in order to engage several hours.
He is collector, I do ask?
“I assume that yes”, he says.
In me about 3000 or 4 000 plates.
These plates, depicted above (it sent to me on the electronic mail photograph, I it did not pursue him to the house), go by lines along the walls of its drawing room.
Its reason for the acquisition of such huge amount of albums and singles partly follows from its located income: it now can buy the plates, which it could not afford, when they only left, and to redeem the objects, which it sold, when it was young and aground.
“Much of the fact that I acquire, this the end of the 60th, beginning of the 70th, thing, which left, when to me there were 11 or 12, thing, for which I, probably, was too young in order to purchase”, he says.
It is agreeable, which those, who buy the plates, most probably, intro-faithyou, by which its own company pleases, after adding: “I do not smoke, I do not drink very much.
This is my deficiency.
Uez, 25 years, which works in Sister Ray; it also considers that many clients, whom it meets, correspond to the profile of YouGov.
It, however, noted the new wave of people, which are located under the effect of the sensation in media outlets, people, which heard about the return and felt the responsibility to redeem their old plates.
Judging by the conversations, which I had, people got rid of their collection, as a rule, approximately in 1998 or 1999.
The clients, who once sold their vinyl in order to purchase CDs, their CDs now sell, in order to redeem its plates”, he says.
This can explain boom among the workers of the revival of vinyl of the specific age.
But that about the assumed emotional importance of plates?
Sufficient to conduct several seconds in the store, such as Phonica in order to understand that the stores of plates propose comfortable society to people with the similar views.
According to Ueza, some more elder clients, in particular, oskorblyayutsya by the clearing system of payment.
Some lovers of vinyl can feel shaking from digital peace and prefer to be removed into the constancy of familiar envelopes for the plates, objects, which wake up memories about the serene youth.
“I think that sometimes this can be filling of void or possession material things as its kind damping”, says Uez.
Since I collector himself, I this have, and I think what do many people have also.
This is the simple method to engage its head.
“We as their social workers! ”, it addressed colleague from the shelf of plates.
The interrogation of ICM in April showed that almost 50% of people, which purchased vinyl album in the past month, yet did not listen to it.
Interrogation also revealed that 41% have the record player, which they never use, while in 7%, from those, who buy vinyl, there is no record player of plates.
In this stage of news reporting, I, probably, appeared seriously puzzled, paging through shelf with the collectors of Bosanóva.
“Captured” aspect of revival - this that it noted Johnny, 42 years, who works in Sounds of the Universe (calculation of the data: three men of average years).
“Someone arrived recently and he said: “I do not have record player of plates, but I want to purchase the plate of Radiohead so that we could place it to ourselves to regiment”, he says.
This is not high percentage, but so definitely it occurs.
It is more than the component of izdelya, it is less than the music.
We have people, which speak: “I do not have record player of plates”.
These are the more young people, not elderly, by them it is somewhat less than twenty, which only become acquainted with this.
In Fopp, which now led almost entire floor to vinyl, much the more diverse audience, when I arrive.
There there are the pairs, with which for 70, the tourists, whom photograph, the boy-adolescents and women of average years.
Although the atmosphere less unconstrained than in the stores — last Sint mentioned above and the seksi-priest of Wild Beast, but not jazz improvisation, breaks through through the columns — it is pleasant to see variety in its clients.
No one of them appears especially lonely, but it is difficult to establish agonizing psychological injury after standing 30 seconds next to someone.
Eleanor, 27 years, walked along Fopp several minutes, examining different plates, existing in sale.
It scrutinizes goods, but it does not spend money.
It does not earn much, according to her; therefore to gather plates the not very suitable version.
This is expensive.
To listen to music on the computer or other device - is simple, but the beauty of vinyl - this…”, it is immersed in the dreams with the sigh, overfilled by love.
I do not know as to explain — this is actually unique.
My last stoppage this is the store, which, as they say, contributed to the appearance of the new generation of the lovers of vinyl: Urban dandies.
Thus far I create illusion, that I examine dzhinsovye covering shortiki, I control the group of girl-adolescents, each minute gathered Polaroid of gathered around the camera before father and his daughter they will begin to discuss the purchase of the record player of Crosley.
To the left is located the stairs, whose wall is set by the plates of Adel, Geoff Buckley, Amy Winehouse and Fleetwood the IEC [International Electrotechnical Commission]: the mixture of contemporary style and classics, required plates for any average collection.
No one looks — possibly because they are simply adornment, some are located so highly on the wall, that it would not be possible to be touched them.
This is present “artistic vinyl”.
But, taking into account that any drawing of attention to these objects can indicate more than money for the industry and send several clients into the distant villages of wooden ploughs even to some period, almost not on what complain.
It is not amazing that stratum of society, which with the larger probability than in the majority has more time and money, than in majority - this is that layer, which spends the majority of money on the objects of luxury, such as vinyl.
But thus far my conclusions testify the fact that the results of YouGov are precise, at least in the stores of the plates of wooden ploughs, they do not exclude existence of the huge number of woman-collectors and lyubitelnits of vinyl, who exist in reality, in the stores of plates and on the online-forums.
These people, probably, to the utmost extent they work in the school or offices.
But they clearly do not conduct the morning of Thursday, being missed on the stores of plates on Bervic-Street, paging through plates and avoiding the views of unpleasant 30-year false of that leading, who overhangs arms nothing the suspecting men average years.
Greenland polar shark (most long-life vertebral animal )videootchet
Scientists declare, that the Greenland polar shark has the greatest lifetime of all vertebrates on the planet.
Dzhulius Nielsen, who studies these sharks, it declares, that record placed the female by age from 272 to 512 years and with the length of five meters
French court slants proposal to lay stores in the refugee camp the jungle
French court rejected the proposal of the authorities of Calais to lay tens of home-made stores and restaurants in the camp the jungle, where thousands of refugees live.
They spoke out at the judicial hearings on this week of the authority of Calais, that the state must be capably of laying on the whole 72 home-made stores, where the people inside the camp sell goods, from cigarette to the energy beverages, propose to cut or sell tea for 50 cents (40r) or simplest dishes for several Euro in the home-made restaurants.
The prefecture of Calais spoke out, that these places must be brought down, because they are the parallel economy, which does not pay taxes, and because they bear fire and sanitary risks.
Humanitarian groups, described to court that the stores and restaurants are vitally necessary, declaring, that the free dishes, proposed by the pro-government association and other groups, it does not give the sufficiency of food for the growing number in the camp.
They spoke out, that the home-made stores and restaurants frequently allow roof and free food of themes, who this requires.
The court of Lille decreed, that there was no law foundation in order to expel people, which control 72 home-made stores, but he stated that the problems of the prefecture of Calais “were completely intelligible”.
Judge Jean-Francois Molla said that the groceries, cafes and restaurants played considerably large role, than it is simple the feeding of people, which “live under the extremely unsteady conditions”.
He said that the spaces ensured the calm collision points of refugees and volunteers.
One of the places, which was under the threat of removal, there was the children's cafe the book of jungle in the camp, which works not for the benefit and proposes 200 dinners during the day, lessons on English and French and consultations on assylm for hundreds of vulnerable minors without the tracking in the camp.
More than 170 000 people signed petition in order to protect children's cafe.
The letter, sent in Guardian said, that its closing “would be catastrophe for these children, some of whom not are older than eight years”.
Two charitable institutions, aid to refugees and L'Auberge des Migrants on Friday estimated, that the number in the camp jungle grew and exceeded 9 000 people — the highest during entire history — after a sharp increase in those newly arrived for the summer.
The libraries of city blocks invite young svobodnentsev to the cognitive programs.
On this week the library-branches will conduct the meetings, dedicated to Day of the City, to the year of Russian cinema and even day of male physical culturist.
Programs are oriented to the children's audience; therefore larger partly they will pass in the play form.
Today, on August 10, library-branch of № 2, in the zalineynom city block, invite to the cruise-presentation “town my it is small”.
On August 11 in the library-branch of № 1 will pass regional-study hour “I in this city I live, I this city know”.
In the library-branch of № 2 during the same day takes place the multimedia lesson “of the Earth native the past fate”.
But in the library-branch of № 4 into Surazhevke - play program “film, film, film”.
On Sunday August 14, for the children from the northern city block the library-branch of № 3 will conduct play program “Fizkult-regards!”.
Britain stops on silver in rugby-7, after the master-class of Fiji makes possible for them to take gold
The impressive series of Great Britain in rugby-7 was crushing stopped on the final obstacle by the command of Fiji in the finale on Thursday in the evening, when they were completely destroyed by 43-7 on the stadium of Deodoro here in Rio.
Fiji gave master-class on the ownership of ball, general pass, deviations, support of game, the running of lines and to brute force in order to win gold — their first Olympic medal of any color.
Defeat arrived with not too poor a comfort in the form of silver — the third in Britain in the day — and they could be proud of their efforts in the first Olympic tournament on rugby-7, in which along the way they defeated New Zealand, Argentina and South Africa.
The painful slaughter of Boks, 7-5 in the semi-final is earlier during the same day, it could return in order to negatively affect them in the finale.
But, disregarding not on what, Fiji in this form defeated as cannot better command of 15 people.
This can be a certain comfort for Great Britain — but probably no — that at least one Briton will hang tomorrow to the neck the gold medal: The head coach of Fiji - Ben Ryan, the former chief of England from Wimbleton.
This was a certain journey for Great Britain.
Eight years ago, under Ryan, they lost each game on Adelaide Sevens.
Here they lost only one.
These impacts will cause pain, but progress striking.
Fiji began magnificently, for the amusement repulsing the attempts of Great Britain to intercept ball.
This was as encounter the column of the moving buses for captain Toma of Mitchell and company, and the champions of a world series went upward 5-0, when Osea to Kolinisau dived into the angle.
Having four minutes on the hours of Dzherrir Tuvay it added one additional tachdaun on the right flank, which was realized.
12-0 and Great Britain hardly touched the ball.
A splendid at attempt Mitchell's interception held man-mountain to Leon Nakaravu from driving in of the third, but this only detained Fiji.
For the seventh minute of Dzhasa Veremalua made tachdaun in right to angle, and Great Britain lost 17-0.
Nakarava added one more after renewal and on the hours there was still more than a minute… in the first half.
Vatemo Ravovo then burst open through still several sluggish at attempts the interception of Great Britain and line took by assault in order to obtain point.
Realization led to 29-0 in the interruption.
It appeared, as if Fiji were originated for the game in rugby-7, while Great Britain still seizes craft.
That to a considerable degree so there is.
Great Britain accomplished mass replacements on half of game, and they stopped fidzhiyskuyu dam up… for all four minutes, which was well on the standards of first half, until it passes Joshua Tuisova after several bright fidzhiyskikh interactions.
Dan Norton gripped attempt for Great Britain, after making tachdaun in the left angle so that the calculation would become 36-7, but game has long ago followed the path of the South sea islanders, whose fans sang, they swung by flags and danced on the platforms.
It was not possible not to be enraptured by the complete of happiness by the approach of Fiji.
Mat William embellished the fidzhiyskiy cake, which did not need embellishment, by one additional attempt in recent seconds.
Was sounded whistle, fidzhiytsy were embraced, and Great Britain fell to the lawn, completely defeated.
Earlier during the same day of Fiji they defeated Japan 20-5 in their semi-final, and Great Britain a little went around South Africa in the stressed semi-final of one attempt to each — difference British realization.
Picks Brown derives Boks forward in the first half, but Dan Norton with the aid of some the splendid work of feet broke line and clogged under the beams in the second-half.
The bright last at attempt the interception from Marcus of Watson, brother 15-in the side of the command of England, Anthony, ensured victory — and in the final analysis silver medal.
Helen Glover and Khizer Stenning are inspired to the victory in rowing by the fight of trainer with cancer
It will not be more agitating gold on these games, and this about in something speaks.
From the first motion to the latter, 220 heavy liftings into the history, Helen Glover and Khizer Stenning found the additional value of their gold moment on Estacio da Lagoa.
Although they were those two, which pulled oars, in this boat there were three voices, the echo of the trainer of Williams's robin were always thus far they approached second in a row Olympic gold in the female pairs, the first women in the annals of British sport, which reached this height.
Their superiority was absolute, finally this was their 39-e unconquered appearance, again unprecedented.
We see what, two bright sportswomen, who slide over the surface with the elegance of swans, do not completely reflect nature of triumph.
After each gold they rowed the battalion of the finished hands, which facilitate the gradually increasing victories, which have important significance, and there are no hands, which were more important role than the hand of the trainer, whom 30 months ago, when to it was placed diagnosis cancer, he did not know, it will live until, seeing of this day.
As he said, this was the dangerous matter.
I had cancer of the bladder, which is one of the fact that they can operate, and they this made.
If they this do not make, it goes everywhere.
This could be sufficiently poor situation.
It a little changes your views of future.
Diagnosis was placed to Williams in December 2013.
Trio transported, that it could begin treatment at the beginning of 2014 in the interseason, preserving the break of graph by minimum, if this can be correct expression in such circumstances as these.
I needed payment; therefore for I had to get well rapidly.
This was stimulus.
I was in the hospital and went for a walk on the department — 20 feet, 30 feet, 50 feet at once, although they spoke was sufficiently several steps.
This is how this begins.
Rowing itself — this journey, but this makes it somewhat more.
In the following instant after victory their first thoughts were about Williams, who conducted the nervous morning, talking only more than usually, in an attempt at to overcome its own experiences.
Stenning, the captain of artillery regiment with the service in Afghanistan after the arms, she said: “I was emotional wreck on this week, is possible this a little excessively, but this so much means”.
This only confirms, as much means for me, as I am much and as Helen they worked, and robin also.
These were fantastic three years with Helen and robin.
Without the robin we would be anyone; therefore the enormous thanks to it, it the best trainer in the world.
I could not and request about the best partner for the training or best trainer.
Helen Glover and Khizer Stenning lost not one race in five years.
This pair assigns the stressed rhythm, to which their competitors never could correspond.
Even on the last 500 meters, when the commands of New Zealand and Denmark began to approach, Stenning and Glover had too much in the reserve.
We were strong in the phase.
Helen called: 'remain in the process, remain in the process'.
Now it is very important not to be absorbed in.
We had a good start, and at the same time we did not try to make something that staggering.
We did not wait fireworks today, we only waited, that let us be able to row well and to leave and to win this race, that we made.
Year will be required pair, in order to solve its future.
Glover it is necessary to be on the wedding in the following month, on it own with the television finder of adventures by Steve Beksholl.
Now she wants simply to delight in by moment.
I did not want to indicate that this is my last race.
This would indicate too much pressure.
In London were required about six months, in order to realize, that I became Olympic champion.
This all was so newly, and I was so it was stressed.
Here were required about four minutes.
I feel itself so better”, she said.
Government prolonged the period of the destruction of the sanction products
Government prolonged to the end of 2017 the period of the destruction of food products, forbidden to the import into Russia.
The appropriate decision signed Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev, it is published on the official portal of legal information.
Embargo with respect to the countries, which introduced anti-Russian sanctions because of the situation in the Ukraine, was introduced in our country in August 2014.
Subsequently the prohibition repeatedly of prodlyalsya, now it acts until December 31, 2017.
In Russia it is forbidden to import some forms of agricultural production, raw material and foodstuffs from the USA, EU countries, Canada, Australia, Norway, Ukraine, Albania, Montenegro, Iceland and Lichtenstein.
In particular, under the ban fell meat and meat products, fish, sea products, vegetables, fruits and milk production.
The utilization of the foodstuffs, imported into the country around embargo, is conducted in Russia since August 2015.
Only for the I quarter of 2016 from sale are withdrawn about 100 t of the forbidden products.
Hunting “zapreshchenku”
On Friday in Moscow rains and thunderstorms are expected.
Through the capital region it will pass the atmospheric front, which will bring sediments and will lower the temperature of air.
In the daytime air will be warmed thoroughly to 25 degrees of heat.
Thus, on the night on Saturday in Moscow by places will pass short-term rain, thunderstorms and wind gusts to 15 m/s are possible.
Rain with thunderstorms and wind gusts to 12-17 m/s in the daytime is expected.
Rains with the thunderstorms are forecast also in the Orel, Kursk and Voronyezh provinces, report “days. RU”.
On the following work week of sagging they are improbable.
The panel of the arbiters of the WTO [World Trade Organization] established that the Russian import duties to paper, refrigerators and palm oil contradict the rules of organization.
Imported rates exceed the obligations, accepted to themselves by Russia with the entry in the WTO [World Trade Organization].
“This is the first case, when the WTO [World Trade Organization] made a decision against RF”, it is said in the communication on the official site of organization.
However, arbiters emphasized in their conclusion that the European Union did not present sufficient proofs of the fact that the measures of Russia “were systematic” or “bore universal nature”.
Russia, in turn, promised soon time to adapt the import duties to paper and refrigerators.
This it is discussed in the communication of the Ministry of Economic Development of Russia.
On July 4 it communicated that Kiev was intended to complain in the World Trade Organization about the actions of Russia, which introduced additional constraints in the transit of Ukrainian goods.
This it is discussed in the statement of the government of Ukraine.
In May Financial Times wrote that the behavior of the USA with the permission of debatable questions in the WTO [World Trade Organization] undermines principles of discussion the accepted in the organization.
Similar statement made Brazil, Japan, European Union and other members of the WTO [World Trade Organization] because of the failure of Americans to affirm for the second period South Korean judge Chan the sleep of Khva.
In connection with this Russia will not begin to turn in the WTO [World Trade Organization] regarding the Western sanctions, introduced against RF.
WTO [World Trade Organization] - the international organization, created in January 1995 for the liberalization of international trade.
Now 162 countries enter into its composition.
Russia was joined to it in 2012.
In the administration of the President the leader was replaced
The President of Russia Vladimir Putin appointed the head of his own administration of the former deputy of Sergey Ivanov Anton Vayno.
Vladimir Putin conducted transpositions in the administration of the President and expressed hope that new the head of his administration will contribute to constructive work of the government and Kremlin.
In turn, Anton Vayno in the course of meeting stated that considers important the anti-corruption work, which Ivanov began to carry out at the post of the Head of the President's Administration, and he promised to collaborate with the government.
Previously “Izvestiya” wrote that the experts count situation with Sergey Ivanov's resignation from the post of the leader of the administration of transparent and intelligible and transpositions nothing will principally change in the activity of the administration of the Kremlin.
They note that the leader, who conducted work in the administration of the President sufficiently long term, left, effectively built activity AP.
Instead of it arrived the Deputy Head of Administration of Anton Vayno - man, who perfectly well knows the specific character of this work.
In Poland they assume that will not have buy fuel- “Gazprom”.
The state Polish natural gas company of PGNIG does not exclude, that through several years of gas supply of RF can become unattractive for it because of the reorientation on fuel- from Norway and other countries.
On this reported the Vice President of Polish company for finances Bohuslav Mazhets.
Its words transfers TASS.
“It can so happen, that we will not at all buy gas (in “Gazprom”), we now diversify our deliveries.
In the limits of the next four years the main directions of deliveries for us will become the east, raw material from SPG-terminals and Norway”, said Mazhets.
At present “Gazprom” occupies dominant position in the gas supplies into Poland.
On Friday August 12, PGNIG reported that the Russian supplier in the first half-year of 2016 placed to it almost 5.3 billion cu. m of gas, that to 30% higher than the level of 2015.
The portion of Russian gas giant in the purchases of PGNIG grew to 49.8% in the comparison with 40% years earlier.
Let us recall that on July 22 the antitrust department of Poland did not agree the creation of a joint venture “in Gazprom” and its European partners in the building of gas pipeline “northern flow-2”.
In this case by month previously Poland left request “to Gazprom” to the delivery to 11 billion cu. m of gas along “northern flow-2”.
About this stated the deputy chairman of the administration of holding Alexander Medvedev.
Auction to the power “northern flow-2” takes place in 2017, and in the fall of 2016 are planned conducting auction for its piling.
It communicated at the end of May that “Gazprom” thus far is planned to undertake no actions in connection with the intentions of Polish side to forego the long-term supply agreements of gas from Russia after 2022, stated the deputy chairman of the administration of company Alexander Medvedev.
It remembered that in the I quarter of this year Poles only increased by 42% of purchase of gas from RF.
The deputy chairman “of Gazprom” added that very fact of the supply to Polish PGNIG of statement in the Stockholm arbitration court yet does not indicate the curtailment of negotiations.
Previously Polish company turned into the court of judicature in order to attain reduction in the procurement price of the Russian gas.
Let us recall, authorized of the government of Poland on questions of gas and energy infrastructure Peter Naimskiy reported that the authorities of Poland made the decision not to prolong contract with “Gazprom” to the gas supply.
The contract of Poland with “Gazprom” was signed in 1996 and it elapses in 2022.
In March authorized of the government of Poland on questions of gas and energy infrastructure Peter Naimskiy declared, that his country in six years can forego the deliveries of blue fuel" from the east.
According to him, Warsaw plans to construct the new terminal of the deliveries of liquefied natural gas of Baltic Pipe, which will connect the country with the Norwegian shelf.
“Northern flow-2” provides for the building of two lines of sea gas pipeline with the joint power of 55 billion cu. m of gas per year from Russia to Germany on the bottom of the Baltic Sea.
The special monitoring mission (SMM) of OSCE (Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe) increased the number of observers near the border of Ukraine with the Crimea.
On this reported the first the assistant heads SMM in the Ukraine Alexander Khug.
“I can confirm that SMM increased the number of observers in this region”, he said, answering the appropriate question of journalists, transfers “Russian International News Agency”.
According to the data of OSCE (Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe), situation on the border of Ukraine and Crimea calm, incidents, which influence safety, there it is not fixed.
Observers tracked proceeding on three spacing points through the Russian-Ukrainian boundary.
In the network appeared video of the landed in the airport of Ufa passenger aircraft Yak-42, which was rolled beyond the limits of takeoff and landing strip on 400 m and was covered to the left wing.
Video recording published television channel “360”.
State of Emergency occurred into 4.30 Moscow time.
Flight of airline “KrasAvia "" arrived from Sochi.
Them they rapidly evacuated into the safe place, that suffered no.
Air vessel itself was transported to the stand.
The airport of Ufa works in the usual regime.
The Volga investigation of management in the field of transportation of SKR (Investigative Committee of the Russian Federation) studied the explanation of the reason for the rough landing of the aircraft of liner.
The UN investigates the application of a chemical weapon in Syria.
The special commission of the UN investigates the possible application of a toxic gas in districts of the Syrian city of Aleppo the retained by rebels.
All sides of conflict deny the use of chlorine; however, the special-envoy of the UN on Syria of Steffan de Mistur counts the fact of that happened by that not questioned.
Similar statements were sounded on the eve of the third round of the mezhsiriyskikh negotiations, which must begin at the end of August in Geneva.
The specialists of the UN began investigation according to the communications about the application of a chemical weapon in the Syrian city of Aleppo.
The first information about the act of terror with the application of a toxic gas, supposedly chlorine, appeared on August 2.
Then opposition stated that in the region, where Russian military transport helicopter was the day before biased, aviation dropped bombs with the toxic substance; however, in Moscow these charges were named vbrosom.
Later the Defense Ministry of Russia accused of that happening opposition group “They kharakyat Nur AD-Din the basics-Zinki”.
It became soon known that stuffed the toxic gas of bombs were two.
This confirmed BBC one of the victims.
“Several minutes later I felt the smell of gas, it began to burn eyes, it began difficultly to breathe”, cites the publication of the word of eyewitness.
Not less than 7 people died as a result of the attack, 23 were hospitalized.
If the fact of the use of a poison gas is confirmed by experts, actions will be estimated as war crime.
The special envoy of the UN on Syria of de Mistur's Staffan stated to the journalists: “proofs that this actually occurred, there are many”.
The inadmissibility of the application of chlorine is for military purposes prescribed in the convention about the ban on chemical weapons (KZKHO).
In spite of the fact that all sides of Syrian conflict deny the use of toxic gases, in 2015 human rights activists fixed 35 cases of applying chlorine by the Syrian Army against “moderate opposition”.
Situation in Aleppo complicates the fact that the firings of its regions are conducted daily, and terrorists prevent the removal of inhabitants from the city.
As transfers Reuters, the UN waits from Russia the establishment “humanitarian pause” in the military actions.
The acting regime of daily three-hour calm in the organization considers “insufficient so as to help almost 2 million peaceful citizens, who proved to be themselves in the trap”.
Adviser de Mistury's Staffana on humanitarian questions Jan Egelann stated that for the delivery into the city of aid and evacuation of from there sick and injured each week will be required the 48-hour cease fire.
“For us it is necessary to send volumetric loads with the column of trucks in the locality, where the roads are practically destroyed, and those that they remained, they were mined”, reported Mr. Egelann. - But Russian delegation confirmed the willingness to sit down with us at the negotiating table”.
Consultations in Geneva between the representatives of the USA and Russia relative to the establishment “humanitarian pause” continue.
As Russia it opened “humanitarian windows” in Aleppo.
Under the conditions for the continuous battle for Aleppo - the second largest Syrian city - Russia on August 11 declared about the introduction of the three-hour regime of the termination of military operations, which will act daily since Thursday.
Creation “humanitarian windows” to called ensure conditions for the delivery into the city of drugs, foodstuffs and necessities.
The resolution of the Ministry of Defense RF is accepted the against the background amplifying international pressure in Moscow with the requirement to roll up military operation and to contribute to the renewal of telephone-box process.
Four people died as a result of a series of explosions at the health resorts of Thailand.
Immediately several explosions thundered in the south of Thailand on Friday in the morning.
Four people died as a result of the attack, 19. were injured.
The epicenter of explosions arrived at Khua-Hina city.
Ten foreigners proved to be among the victims, the citizens there are no four states, Russians among them.
Responsibility for incident did not thus far take any of the terrorist groups, but MVD (Ministry of Internal Affairs) of the country hurried to state that the Islamists to it were not participating.
On the suspicion of the organization of explosions it is already detained several man.
According to the preliminary data of the local police, the scale and special features of explosions attest to the fact that they were directed against servicemen the heading the country.
Attacks occurred on the popular tourist health resorts, including the beach of Patong in the district of Pkhuketa and city of Khua-Hina, Trang and Surat-Tanya.
After the arrival of the military junta at the authority in the country in 2014 economic growth fell with 7.2% (2012) to 2.8% (2015), but tourism remained one of a few branches, which demonstrated development.
In 2016 the country already visited 14 million people, which on 1.5 million is more than the indices of 2015.
First suspected of preparation and organization of attacks are already detained, reported the Colonel of the police of Krisana Patanacharoen.
It is thus far early to speak about the purposes, it added; however, in MVD (Ministry of Internal Affairs) the countries “were assured that with the international extremist groups they were not connected”.
It is too early conclusions, stated Mr. Patanacharoen. -
But we accurately know that these incidents are not connected directly with any forms of terrorism, in reality these are local diversions, and we attempt to establish the personalities of those, who stood after them.
Explosions occurred during the birthday of the queen of Thailand It sikrit.
Thai junta considers the protection of monarchy one of its top priorities; therefore incident, it is most likely, directed against it.
According to the statements of the General of the police Sitkhichaya Shrisopacharoenrata, bombs were exploded remotely with the difference in half-hour.
They were hidden inside the trees on the lively streets, filled tourists by the having dinner in the restaurants.
It is already known about the fact that the Thai girl, who dealt in street food, became one of four that been killed.
The personalities of remaining victims are thus far unknown; however, it is known that they are the inhabitants of four foreign states.
According to the data of the royal police of Thailand, among them four citizens of Germany, three yielded Netherlands, two citizens of Italy and the citizen of Austria.
There are no Russians among the victims of explosions, reported the press service of Rosturizma.
Local experts also connect explosions with the past on August 7 with the referendum, on which 61.4% of population of the country supported the project of new constitution.
Commission for the development of constitution, assigned the military junta, prepared it.
It was necessary to be determined by that voting, they do support the system, with which the Upper Chamber is completely assigned as servicemen and has significant role with the election of the Prime Minister of the country.
New system was accepted and for the first time it will be tested on the parliamentary elections of 2017.
Let us recall, on May 22, 2014 in Thailand occurred military coup under the leadership of the commander by the army of the country of Prayuta vat-Ocha.
To this step, according to him, the army of podvigli the incessant political crisis and the absence of the progress in the negotiations between the government and opposition.
Servicemen created the National Council of peace and order, introduced curfew and censorship, drove away those protesting and Upper Chamber.
As Bangkok it proved to be in the state of emergency
The government of Thailand headed by Premier Yinglak Chinavat in January 2014 declared about the introduction of state of emergency in Bangkok and provinces adjacent to the capital.
Special regime was prolonged 60 days.
As in Bangkok two explosions thundered.
In January 2014 in the center of Bangkok in the monument of the victory, where passed one of the basic protests, two explosions occurred, as a result of which suffered 28 people, five of them were in critical state.
Explosions produced unknowns on the motorcycles.
Authorities strengthened safeguards in the capital and drew the forces of servicemen for the protection of demonstrators.
In dry Log the development of conditions began.
As it became known “"”, to government it is proposed to coordinate the project of the conditions of auction through the gold-ore layer dry Log with the retention of two key limitations.
To the auction it is proposed not to allow the company, where 25% more greatly belong to foreigners, and those aspirants, in capital of whom there will not be the minimum 25% gosuchastiya.
Participants in the branch do not wait, that the government will rewrite conditions, noting that many players so do not risk to undertake complex and expensive project.
Auction they can declare in August, and conduct - in October.
Minprirody introduced into the government the project of order and conditions of auction to the large unelaborate gold-ore layer in Russia dry Log (Irkutsk region, reserves and resources - 130 million ounces), described two sources “"”, acquaintances with the situation.
Project is introduced on Wednesday in the evening, refines one of them.
In Minprirody they confirmed “"” that the project was introduced into the government.
Representative treating nedropolzovanie Vice-Premier Alexander Khloponina she said “"” that the project yet did not enter into the apparatus of official.
“Auction can be declared already in August, immediately after the output of the order of government, and taking into account period to the collection of the claims of the potential participants (not less than 45 days) tender can take place already in October”, they say into Minprirody.
According to the data “"”, in the project were preserved two key requirements for the potential participants, prescribed in the version, which left for the agreement to ministries and to FOIVam in July (there is u “"”).
The first - the presence in capital of aspirants is not less than 25% gosuchastiya.
The second - failure in the access to the auction for the companies under the control of foreign investors, on the basis of the understanding FZ-57 about inoinvestitsiyakh into the strategic societies.
According to two indicated in the project articles FZ, as already wrote “"” on August 2, to the auction they can not allow company, whose beneficiaries (25% of portion and above) are not tax residents RF or they have the dual citizenship.
Government is right to introduce such limitations, since dry Log relates to the depths of the federal value (reserves of more than 50 tons of gold).
They confirmed in Minprirody that the project " contains limitations on the admittance of foreign companies”, but they refused to comment on details to the order of government.
Requirement about gosuchastii in capital of participants in the auction advanced Irkutsk region, they spoke in December 2015 “"” into Minprirody and confirmed more lately the governor of region Sergey Levchenko, noting that it was directed to Minprirody by his predecessor of Sergey Eroshchenko, “had understandings on investproektam “by Rostekhom "".
Who lobbied limitation on the admittance of foreigners, collocutors “" " do not refine.
“But this in the spirit of the age: however, not to return control in the largest layer of gold in Russia against the background Western sanctions”, discuss collocutor “"”, acquaintance with the preparation for auction.
The head of Minprirody Sergey Donskoy on August 1 declared, that the foreigners “can go into the consortium”, if aspirants draw them “as the financial structure, technological partners”.
Collocutors “"” consider it improbable that in the government the conditions correct.
Basic aspirant in dry Log in the branch is considered the consortium of largest zolotodobytchika RF of PAO “the pole”, of controlled to the son of Suleiman Kerimova to Saidu, and “Rostekha”.
As he wrote “"”, in July partners created CP “SL gold”, where in “the pole” 51% of portion, in the structure “of Rostekha” RT-gr - 49%.
In “Rostekhe” they forewent the commentaries, in “the pole” they stated “"” that “unconditionally, they were interested in this assets” and possess all necessary scopes and resources for its development.
“But the final solution about opportunity and size of our participation will be accepted after the declaration of conditions”, they added in “the pole”.
In the auction can participate by ALROSA, but the solution after the government RF, spoke sources “"”.
On the opportunity of participation in the development of dry Log declared Russian GV Gold and Canadian Kinross, which develops assets in Chukotka, whereas Polymetal and Nordgold, according to the data “"”, are not interested in assets.
The head of the union of the gold prospectors RF of Sergey Kashuba in December 2015 evaluated “"” investments into dry Log in $2,5-4 billion.
The majority of potential aspirants frightens away not only the volume of investments, but also complexity of the project: are necessary the serious additional reconnaissance of reserves and technology works with the complex ores, explain collocutors “"” in the branch.
On the pension market started the largest transaction M&A - “CHINESE Finans pension administrator” launched the process of association four controlled NPF.
As a result on basis “Gazfond pension accumulations” will be created with NPF with a volume of accumulations of about 373 billion rub
On the starting of the procedure of the association of four Pension funds - “CHINESE Finans”, “Promagrofond”, “heritage” and “Gazfond pension accumulations” - yesterday reported owner 100% of funds for LLC (Limited liability company) “CHINESE Finans pension administrator”.
“Reorganization is achieved according to the agreement with TsB with the observance of the requirement of neukhudsheniya of the conditions of current agreements”, it is said in the communication to company.
Association is conducted on the base “Gazfond pension accumulations”.
As notes the director general of this NPF Oleg Byaloshitskiy, the association of funds makes it possible to solve several tasks: the expansion of the geography of presence, concentration of resources for the development, reduction in the expenses, circulation of the good the practitioner of each of the funds and optimization of corporate governance.
According to him, the tentative period of the completion of consolidation - second quarter of 2017.
As a result of the association NPF “Gazfond pension accumulations” will become the most important player on the market OPS.
According to the data on March 31, the volume of the pension accumulations of the united funds exceeded 373 billion rub
As it follows from the account on the site of funds, by the beneficiaries of their owner - “CHINESE Finans pension administrator” - they are at present Anatoly Gavrilenko (through the controlled to LLC (Limited liability company) it manages 65%) and NPF “of Gazfond” (35%).
However, association herself group launched much later than competitors.
Thus, controlled to group O1 NPF “future” absorbed “Stalfond” even at the beginning of the present year.
At present this united NPF joins funds “UralSib” and “Russian standard”.
“Association into the united structure, besides the reduction of expenses, is necessary for the solution of structural problems”, notes director general NPF “future” Nikolai Sidorov.
Active operation on the consolidation of funds since April occurs also in the pension group “of Safmar” - NPF “European”, “formation and science” and “Regionfond” must be poured in NPF “of Safmar” before the end of the year.
In 2017 to them will be joined by NPF “confidence”.
“Association of funds will give the effect of strengthening control over risks, operating processes and expenditures”, they noted in the pension group “of Safmar”.
The pause in the association of funds, which maintained “CHINESE Finans the pension administrator”, can be caused by several reasons, experts indicate.
Until recently NPF could not redeem more than 40% of the volume of output of the infrastructural bonds, into which actively was placed the group.
After the introduction of corrections into the decision TsB in March of this year on a number of the issuers, which correspond to the requirements of regulator, there are no such limitations greater.
If necessary entire release can redeem one important player”, indicates the director of group it is rating the financial institutions of ACRE Yuri Nogin.
Several leaders of NPF of top-15 on the assets one additional possible reason for pause call the separation of the spheres of influence and, as a result, the personnel designations in the united fund, which had to agree the owners of group.
Yesterday Anatoly Gavrilenko was inaccessible for the commentaries.
To the request “"” in NPF “Gazfond” they also did not answer.
Although the consolidation of funds - labor-intensive and expensive measure, on the long distance this solution will be justified.
As notes the director general of consulting company “pension partner” Sergey Okolesnov, in “Gazfonda the pension accumulations” are less than drainings, connection will make it possible to stabilize the base of other funds for group.
In this case will be claimed the more successful experience of NPF “CHINESE Finans” and “Promagrofonda” into the constructions of retail sales OPS, and also use of of a more contemporary po.
Requirements TsB for the processes and personnel NPF constantly grow; therefore to duplicate infrastructure on four funds with united investpolitike is inexpedient, counts controlling director on the corporate ratings “expert of the Ra” Pavel Mitrofanov.
“Effect from the reduction of the duplicating functions will unambiguously overlap possible expenses for the association”, notes Mr. Mitrofanov.
Expenditures for the association of four funds Sergey Okolesnov evaluates in 30-50 mln rubles.
“Expenditures for the content of four funds for such sizes are about 400 mln rubles. per year, with the consolidation budget actually to over the medium term reduce doubly”, it is confident Mr. Okolesnov.
In the Russian rental left the dobreyshee disneevskoe cinema “It pit and its dragon”.
The beautiful forms of New Zealand, touching dragon, dusheshchipatelnoy history and songs in the style of country music it is sufficient in order again to believe in old-fashioned magic, counts HELEN KRAVTSUN.
The frightened little-one selected the dragon, that became the human young tender nurse, and by the devoted friend.
Pit is called his friend Elliott, in the honor of puppy from the book of fairy tales, it plays with it in dogonyalki and fills up into obnimku.
Six years later of it, that outgrew also in the loin bandage, no longer to differ from another clever forest madcap - Maugli.
In this form of Pita reveals red-haired the woman-huntsman Grace (Bryce Dallas Howard), while the brigade of Gevina (Karl of Urbana), brother of its husband, forest aggressively brings down.
Now to it is necessary not only to believe in existence of dragon, but also to help it to save.
Pit is passed the accelerated course “to be man” in the environment of the idyllic Americans, who bear jacket-checked shirt, moral code in the heart and smile more dazzlingly than in any advertisement.
Not one character appears nor acts too terrible so that the spectator properly would begin to hate him or to fear.
Even To Gevinu, which opened hunting the untypical inhabitant subject forests of subject to it, it is far to the uncorrectable villain.
Enormous downy dragon also came out by in no way terrible, with the good snout of bulldog, avialaynerskim wingspan and by ability to become invisible.
Dragon amusingly urchit, it purrs, even it grunts and, fortunately he does not speak, then its always is desirable to iron, in terms of this it differ significantly from all known cinematographic draconic.
The visual means of Elliott and his manner to be held they ensure this high degree of emotional engagement, that in the most stressed moments begin desperately to sob into three streams not only the small spectators, but also adult.
Is amazingly good young Ouks to Figli in the role of Pita, which is disrupted between the possible family and real friend.
But Robert Redford virtuoso issues the canonical grandfather, whom would be glad have literally each child.
How to director David Lowry were possible to remove the fantastically dear remake of the forgotten disneevskogo film “dragon of Pita” 1977, mediocre from the nose to the tip of tail and which was memorized only miksom of animation and play cinema, and to make his most sincere film of this summer?
Not otherwise as miracle it helped.
In its picture of Lowry from the original, in the essence, only two things took: the orphan of Pita and dragon.
Musical numbers and large part of the strange jokes outboard remained.
In this good fairy tale are read the features, borrowed from “Bambi”, “alien” and many other dears to the heart of children's pictures.
The studio of Disney continues to successfully enlarge the gallery of the high-quality remakes of XXI century.
Certainly, “It pit and dragon” is not so stunningly excellent as the same “book of jungle”, and in it there is no skillful villain, such as it proved to be Keith Blanshett in the role of step-mother in new “Cinderella”.
But this naive film not less successfully does help to believe in the miracles and good in the best disneevskikh traditions.
By the way, keys from the magic lock of Disney director Lowry will obtain again - for artistic kinoadaptatsii of history o “Peter Pene”.
Worked out in “You pite and its dragon” by tandem David Lowry and scenario of Tobi Khelbruks entered into the new ambitious project about not vzrosleyushchem boy on the similar fairy tale of James Barry.
They will produce the new charge for the journalist of RBC [RosBusinessConsulting] Alexander Sokolov
The attorneys of the journalist of RBC [RosBusinessConsulting] Alexander Sokolov, accused in the organization of the activity of extremist structure, stated that the prosecutor's office found shortages in the affair of their client.
About the fact that the prosecutor's office carried out this idea, we learned from the inspectors literally yesterday.
Was planned the participation in the judicial session regarding the limitation of acquaintance with the materials of criminal case, but session as a result did not take place, but inspectors to us reported idea the carried out by the prosecutor's office”, it gives RBC [RosBusinessConsulting] attorney Olga Dinze's word.
It described that the prosecutor's office to inspectors the nonconformity to the qualification of the matter and assembled materials.
Now for inspectors it is necessary to remove gaps in the demonstrative base and to present new charge to Alexander Sokolov.
Either in the matter will appear another article of the Criminal Code (Criminal Code (CC)), or will remain the same, but with other reasons and new proofs, refines Mrs. Dinze.
As it reported “"”, Alexander Sokolov was arrested on July 29, 2015.
The in June present year it communicated that the consequence excluded from the charge to the journalist of RBC [RosBusinessConsulting] formulations about “the loosening of the political situation to the side of instability” and “overthrow of authority illegally”.
Correspondent “Kommersantboscosport” ALEXANDER ZILBERT is elderly by the life of Olympian in the Olympic village, inspected the house of Russian team, it dined in the local dining room and even returned after this test of WADA.
It seems, life here dies not for second.
Even at night.
Last starts now and then complete for midnight, after which the athletes are necessary still of hour 1.5-2 in order to return to the Olympic village.
Without the stoppage the population and moving out from the village is conducted moreover, since some athletes complete their appearances and they leave Brazil, and some, on the contrary, only arrive here.
Well and already in 7:30 the mornings into one of the temporary awnings are pulled the heads of all Olympic delegations.
At these meetings we usually discuss some operational everyday questions, says the leader of the sport delegation of the Olympic command of Russia Igor Kazikov. - In spite of the fact that the house, in which were placed our, count, model - it they put into use by one of the first and demonstrated all to those checking, even in it continually are encountered some imperfections.
First with the hot water of problem, then, you will forgive, with the toilets.
We for long fought for the cleanliness.
First simply no one came to be removed.
Then began to come klinery, but only popshikayut by some substance to the gender, yes even all.
Hems in them, you do see, some innovation.
It is said, it is not possible to wash them in a human manner.
Yes we know these hems - laminate usual!
On the whole, attained the change of kliningovoy company and now with this all ok.
Olympic village - this such southern Butovo, sleeping region, fenced in from one side by mountains, from others - by impressive ditch, by places flooded by water.
Well and for the reliability still is on entire perimeter a two-meter iron fence, along which are missed the sub-machine gunners.
In all in the village they can be placed to 17,000 people in 3604 apartments, located in 31 house.
Enormous Russian flag hangs on one of the 18-storeyed structures - this house is completely returned under the needs of our composite.
After looking to the small foyer with the entrance, it is possible immediately to determine, what problems are, apparently, for the domestic command most vital.
Two declarations hang on the counter of registration: printed “if you please, do not throw paper into the toilet!” and by hand “tonic into the gift marks.
Counter itself sinks in the booklets.
Their veselenkaya coloring contrasts with the titles of the pamphlets: “Reminder on the infectious diseases for those leaving in Rio de Janeiro”, “first aid with the drowning, entry of foreign body into the respiratory tract, loss of consciousness - stages of heart-pulmonary resuscitation”, “first aid with the burns, thermal impact, breaks and hemorrhages”.
Text inside in general encouraging.
For example, such: “Infection is accompanied by fever and subsequent recovery.
However, favorable outcome waits not all.
Of course in the arrangement team Russia there is medtsentr, which at any moment is ready to show expert assistance the inhabitants of house, including the weakening and sport massage.
Opposite medtsentra - strictly the staff of our delegation.
Next to the door - inspiring poster “despite not on what, we will defeat!”.
Well and, of course, the verses:
All arguments - absolute delirium!
In them only those believe, who fear.
Let it be less us, that is sweeter the taste of victories, Russia will not step back, it will not be broken!
But for an even larger raising of spirit the declaration hangs: “Dear brothers and sister!
On the blessings of the holiest Patriarch of Moscow and all Russia Cyril spiritual care about the athletes of Olympic team Russia achieves archpriest Andrey Vladimirovich Alekseyev.
To order prayer service and other religious rites possible on the telephone…
Generally, in the territory of village is a center of meditations and religious rites for the representatives of all faiths.
Well and Russians, it is obtained, in the privileged position - they have their own chapel.
In connection with the overloading of elevator from the ninth floor to the fourth I decided to go down on the stairs, which should be used during the fire.
And in the darkness it stumbled against bodies the lying on it.
Judging by everything, these were the sleeping collaborators of new kliningovoy company.
I assume, in the willingness at any moment to rush on the washing of innovation genders they decided to arrange quiet hour to themselves directly on the cold steps.
On the fourth floor me waited the meeting with the old acquaintance - Vitalius Fedorovich Dubko, trainer of our batutistov, who led them to Olympic gold of already 16 years ago in sydney.
It with the pupil, champion of Europe Yanoy of Pavlovoy, politely agreed to show its rooms.
To complain according to the large calculation not on what, shares impressions the deserved trainer of Russia. - We live on two, beds, of course, almost end-to-end stand, but this is noncritical.
Washroom is one on four, but spacious.
The cabinet, of course, of ridiculous, from the cloth, confidence does not cause, but thing-that it is possible to assume.
“Not, well you estimate, tea in them ended!” - separates by hands the tennis player Svetlana Kuznetsov, met by me in the main dining room.
The main thing it is called at least because it is space 2,700 sq. m. and it is ready to accept simultaneously 5,000 visitors.
They here produce 60,000 portions in a 24 hour period completely free of charge.
The versions of menu are the following: “Are best of Brazil”, “kitchen of peace”, “Asian dishes” and “pizza, macaroni articles”.
Last version, as I peeped, enjoys large popularity in our voleybolistok.
In this case, let us say, soups I not in one of the subdivisions of gigantic restaurant revealed.
Yes what soups? - it is surprised Kuznetsov. - There is no tea!
It is good that I with itself Chinese took, boiled.
And teapot.
But generally so that you would understand, on Korts the nourishment is still worse.
Here although something can be selected, in spite of the intolerable monotony.
I personally selected for crack to the pair and quenelles in the tomato sauce.
Next to each dish is arranged the table with its name in three languages - English, French and Portuguese, and also with the indication of the food nourishment value of product and presence in it of allergens.
Well and completely, to acknowledge, was edible.
Even not floodlands, why this turn stands always into local McDonald ` s.
The satisfied, slack, it is possible to say “tepid” athletes at the output from the restaurant wait our best friends - representatives of world anti-doping agency (WADA).
They entice deftly - by the quiz, to winner of which is obtained sports shirt.
They provoke, it is possible to say!
In order to obtain gift, it is necessary correctly to answer at least eight questions of ten.
There are questions in the Russian! - attacked me girl from WADA.
But not that it attacked.
I.e., I in the patriotic impulse was harnessed, naturally.
Situation aggravated already on the second question: “If I obtained information about the passage of doping-control, I must immediately pass into the point of doping-control?”
I dwelled on version v: “No - I have one hour”.
Lost, so to speak, vigilance.
He forgot, which from WADA is not necessary to wait relaxations.
On the whole, it is necessary to immediately appear.
Well and in the seventh stage of quiz position my became entirely critical.
I for some reason thought that if to me it will be difficult to observe the balanced diet because of my dense graph (but to me, by the way, difficultly!), then I can use biodobavki in order to obtain “additional nutrients for increasing my productivity”.
There is no AN, they do not allow!
It is more precise, answer is formulated so that categorically they do not forbid, but it is imperative, in several proposals they dissuade.
This WADA dishonestly plays!
Well as the matters, Russia? - scoffing questions that leading quizzes.
To step back nowhere - behind Efimova, Isinbaeva and entire our bled white command.
Therefore I was concentrated and from the last forces won unhappy sports shirt.
Know, as they say, our!
In the victorious mood I strayed across the fitness-center on the proximity.
It was absorbed in by the calculation of trainers.
It was brought down to 250.
It noted with the surprise that in this piling up of races it was revealed not one Russian athlete.
But, can, it is correct?
Let be trained the one who to play does not know how!
But here in health center the located by a number one our fellow sat.
In the turn to the oculist.
Do not be disturbed, not pointers.
In the health center, however, as on the entire village, where not plyun, hangs apparatus for delivering the condoms.
The inspiring call is traced on it: “Celebrate with the condom!”
Further it remains to only krutanut the piece of iron, which resembles the arm of door lock, and the condom, prepared from the natural latex of Amazonia, with the willingness falls out from the apparatus.
I took to itself one, to the memory.
It will not diminish from the athletes - by them they left their 450,000
Exactly for the holiday and idle pasttime in the Olympic village is an entire entertaining center.
Near it just in case stands the cognitive table, which resembles which the International Olympic Committee by different methods spends on the athletes $3.25 million during the day.
Center is flooded by video games, billiard and tennis tables, table by football and by hockey and by some strange devices, similar to videotrenazhery.
This what such? - I am interested in the comrade in the form of Ukrainian team, who actively uses a strange toy.
It would can, of course, simple to say that does not want to talk with the man in the form team Russia, yes even everything.
Here, by the way, as a result of some strange confluence of circumstances in the eyes it ripples from the children in the zhovto-blakitnom.
The most playing composite, occurs.
In order to go around entire village, after glancing into each of its corners, it is necessary not less than three hours.
But, if we precisely walk, and not to drive on the electric cars, to you will be opened and the house of Canadian team with the moose at the entrance and tent with the reducing bath, and ticket office, laundry, dry cleaning, and barbershop, and flower store, and bench with the goods of daily consumption, and mail with the unique stamps (only you nevertheless you will not be able to wait out turn from the Chinese philatelists), and bank, and by bureau of findings, and fotokiosk.
But late in the evening you, after losing strength, will squat near the olive tree, hung by many-colored tapes into the memory about left this peace friends and relatives of athletes.
And you will to the accompaniment of the machine, which disorderly pulverizes liquid for killing the insects, think about the eternal.
I.e., about the Olympic motion.
Which in this village ceases not for the minute.
Thus far remaining Russian world after harboring respiration it followed, as Australians only it was they did not punish American Dream Team, real fans left into the network.
Almost no one knows: news about the fact that Ina Deriglazova won gold in the foil on XXXI the Olympic Games, I obtained first.
There can be, I even only Muscovite, who saw, as this occurred - without considering those, of course who in that evening looked competitions in Carioca.
This can understand only real fan.
Here represent: deaf Moscow night.
Neighbors from below - as always to the hour of night - are spilled and they begin kindly, but very loudly to shout to each other.
And to threateningly move furniture.
The crane flows on the kitchen - there is no time to take a trip for the market and to purchase, as requested sanitation engineer, new.
In the television timetable nothing it is understandable; therefore simply held on the control channels “match”, “first” and just in case “Russia” - although this is almost thoughtless.
“Russia” - the native land of alliterations, entire sport there for some reason in the record.
There series live transmit.
Hope, of course, for “match” - entire evening young person shouted in the news releases first about the great semi-final of Deriglazova-Shanaeva, then about the future battle for gold.
It would be logical to show.
But instead of this basketball - USA-Australia.
I, by the way, nothing poor can say about this solution.
Australians were on the equal, they generally won first half.
They stationed of the ofigevshikh from the personal greatness Americans.
As a result nevertheless they lost, but, as now they are expressed, basketball Olympic tournament will be no longer previous.
This all is good, but approaches battle with the di Franchiskoy, and on the screen without the changes.
In light panic I begin to turn over the pages channels.
This sensation, second time in a row turn.
It is good, we go in depth, to the cable.
There is not on one of the subject “matches” of fencing.
But, on my sensations, battle any minute now will begin.
Text and the tweet-translations of some sport sites me do not arrange.
Convulsive surfing gives the unexpected, but brilliant result.
On the site “first”, occurs, is conducted the straight technical translation of all competitions, which are passed at this moment time.
To Klikayu to the fencing, I obtain duel for gold.
Deriglazova excellently counterattacks, departs forward along the glasses - and completely obviously it begins to play for time.
Italian wins back almost entire detachment.
Our to one point is in front, to the end only it is more than two seconds.
Di Franchiska rushes to Deriglazovu, that steps back, time ends, Italian brings prick.
Victory!
Through the pair of seconds Olympic Messenger on the telephone reports about the fourth gold medal.
Leaves, I the first, who this saw by his eyes.
Reckless, accurate, participating.
Spiritual control of the Muslims (Dumas) of Tatarstan rejects the use of Russian in the mosques.
Yesterday the plenum of the Dumas bound its imams of news Friday sermons only on the Tatar in order to force young Tatars “to study its native language”.
In control they declare, that this “on no account pinches” the rights of the Muslims of other nationalities.
In some mosques of Kazan they lament, that the Tatar language is not understood to 60% of parishioners, among whom foreign students, migrants and Tatars themselves.
Imams fear, that their sermons on the Tatar “will not reach the entire audience”.
Yesterday the plenum of the Dumas of Tatarstan unanimously made a decision about conducting of Friday sermons in the mosques of republic only in the Tatar language.
As stated the Mufti of Tatarstan Kamil Samigullin, this must become stimulus for the young Tatars “to study its native language”.
“For those, who will say that “it is heavy”, in each large mosque we will intend to organize the lessons of Tatar language absolutely free of charge”, promised Mr. Samigullin.
It added that “the solution already came into force” and today in all mosques the sermons “must be already in the Tatar language”.
It remembered that the Dumas of Tatarstan publishes “Schur's periodical” with the standard sermons in the Tatar language.
The imam, who insufficiently speaks well in Tartar, “can on them thoroughly be prepared”.
The Dumas of Tatarstan it unites more than thousand arrivals in all municipalities of republic.
According to the data of Mufti, in the regions Friday sermons are maintained exclusively in the Tatar language.
At the same time in Kazan in a number of mosques was previously used predominantly Russian.
In particular, as Mufti indicated, this practiced in the Burnaevskoy mosque, Zakabannoy and “Eniler”.
However, emphasized Mr. Mukhametshin, management poses problem so that all students would manage both official languages of republic, it is independent of nationality.
“Not about what jamming of Muslims-netatar there can be no discussion”, emphasized Mr. Mukhametshin, after explaining that sermon itself “is not required, major portion of Namaz”.
In this case they will as before read Namaz itself on the Arab, in the mosques the lectures and lessons in Russian will be preserved.
At the same time Rafik Mukhametshin said “"” that some the serious threat of the displacement of Tatar language from the mosques it was not.
Other languages, for example, Uzbek or Tajik, on his information, in the sermons in the republic are not used besides Russian and Tatar.
The resolution of the Dumas actively supported in the executive committee of the World Congress of Tatars (VKT).
The head of executive committee VKT Rinat Zakirov said “"”: “Mosques - the important part of our national life”.
It would be sadly, if from this sphere Tatar language left.
It noted that conducting sermons only in the Tatar language “the desire of imams themselves”, but in the executive committee VKT “considers this correct”.
Interrogated “"” the imams, who conducted sermons in the Russian, were ready to carry out the resolution of the Dumas; however, they assume that in parishioners the difficulties with understanding of the clergy will arise.
In the mosque walk both the Tatars and Russians.
Many do not understand language.
By them it will be, of course, rather tight.
“It is necessary to be reconstructed”, says the imam of Burnaevskoy mosque Farkhat Mavletdinov.
According to him, sermons in Russian are nearer even to many Tatars, since “Russian both in the schools and in the kindergartens, on the radio- it is everywhere original”.
However, it assumes that in the mosque they can continue lessons and lectures in Russian, which are conducted during other days.
We rely on Allah.
Allah will show output from this situation”, he concluded.
But about 60% do not know Tatar language.
This and Uzbeks, and Tajiks, and Azerbaijanians.
Much walks to us the foreign students: Africans, Arabs.
“Therefore we four years as passed into Russian”, says imam.
It considers that in the Tatar language of sermon they will “reach the more small circle and they will not reach the entire audience”.
But we will be subordinated to the decision of plenum.
Simply the sum of sermons will be another.
But time will show.
“To me, for example, it will only more easily be, because Tatar language - my native”, concluded Gabdulla Galiullin.
The former director of the FSIN [Federal Penitentiary Service] they returned under the court
The prosecutor's office of Moscow affirmed accusatory conclusion on investigated GSU of SKR (Investigative Committee of the Russian Federation) to criminal case about the embezzlement budget fund, isolated into the needs of the FSIN [Federal Penitentiary Service] of Russia.
Before the court they will appear the ex-head of prison department Alexander Reymer and his deputy, that caused the FSIN [Federal Penitentiary Service] damage for the sum is more than 2.7 billion rub
The capital prosecutor's office directed into the Zamoskvorech'ye district court criminal case with respect to the former director of the FSIN [Federal Penitentiary Service] of Russia Alexander Reymer, his former deputy of Nikolai Krivolapov, and also director of FSUE [Federal State Unitary Enterprise] “center of information and technical guarantee and connection of the Federal Penitentiary Service” (FSUE [Federal State Unitary Enterprise] TSITOS) Victor Opredelenova.
Depending on role and degree of participation with the commission of crime they are charged by GSU of SKR (Investigative Committee of the Russian Federation) for Moscow on h. of 3 st. 285 Criminal Code of the Russian Federation (abuse of official authorities, that entailed heavy consequences), by h. of 4 st. 159 Criminal Code of the Russian Federation (swindle, perfected with the use of its official position, in the composition of the organized group, in the especially large size).
Furthermore, Krivolapov it is charged on h. of 1 st. 222 Criminal Code of the Russian Federation (illegal acquisition and storage of ammunition).
On the version of SKR (Investigative Committee of the Russian Federation), in 2010-2012 the persons indicated by knavish way stole from the office of the exchequer budget fund, isolated with the FSIN [Federal Penitentiary Service] for guaranteeing the department with the systems of the electronic monitoring of the controlled persons, with so-called electronic bracelets.
For the embezzlement of budget money participants in the group developed the diagram, according to which enterprise in FSUE [Federal State Unitary Enterprise] TSITOS a controlled to them, with which were concluded the corresponding state contracts, produced technical equipment of control and supervision, including “electronic bracelets”, and it realized on the prices, overstated several times.
In spite of the fact that FSUE [Federal State Unitary Enterprise] TSITOS it did not have production equipment, buildings, construction for positioning the production capacities, which make it possible to create the fore-and-aft cycle of the production “electronic bracelets”, between it and FSIN [Federal Penitentiary Service] of Russia were concluded five goskontraktov for sum more than 3.3 billion rub
As a result of this diagram on the calculations of the Samara branch of FSUE [Federal State Unitary Enterprise] it proved to be more than 2 billion rub, 1,2 billion rub it was stolen of them.
As consequence assumes, more than 140 mln rubles. the cashed in cash resources obtained personally Mr. Reymer in his official office from one of the participants, criminal case with respect to which is isolated in the separate production.
In Nikolai Krivolapova, who participated in the machinations, were found unknown origin the cartridges to the reward pistol, which made it possible to produce additional charge for it.
In this matter, whose volume composed 133 volumes, the FSIN [Federal Penitentiary Service] to those accused declared action about the compensation of material damage in the amount of 2.7 billion rub
The football player of Khakana Shukyura suspect of the participation to the coup.
The authorities of Turkey gave out arrest warrant of the former football player, and then member of Parliament of Khakana Shukyura and were conducted searches in two houses of its family.
The star of the Turkish football of the 1990's - beginning 2000-X attacking Khakan Shukyur is sought by the authorities of the country in connection with at the attempt the coup d'etat, which occurred in the past month.
Forward, who finished sport career in 2008, is charged with membership in “armed terrorist group”.
The discussion deals with the motion “It khizmet” - society, connected with the well-known Turkish religious worker and oppositionist with Fetkhullakhom Gyulenom.
Specifically, its President Erdogan considers the organizer at of the attempt the military coup, which was happened on July 15.
Fetkhullakh Gyulen lives in the USA, Turkish authorities require its extradition.
As local media outlets report, was today given out arrest warrant of Khakana Shukyura, the police already conducted searches in two houses, which belong to the family of the former football player.
On the version of consequence, into the organization of Fetkhullakha Gyulena besides Khakana itself Shukyura entered its father.
However, neither the most former football player nor his close ones there it proved to be.
Now it and its family live in the USA.
In the sojourn by the football player of Khakan Shukyur protected the colors of several Turkish clubs and spoke in favor of the composite of the country.
The large part of its career it conducted in “Galatasarae”.
In the list of foreign clubs are Italian “Torino”, “Inter” and “Palermo”, and also English “Blackburn”.
True, not in one of them it conducted more than one season.
Khakan Shukyur, until now, remains most successful attacking team Turkey: in its assets of 112 matches for the national team and 51 oppressed ball.
In 2013 Khakan Shukyur left its deputy post because of the begun corruption investigation around the party of Erdogan and his nearest environment.
According to the data of the Turkish newspaper of Hurriyet, on July 25 in Turkey were given out the arrest warrants of at least 42 journalists.
Them they charge with the assistance to military coup and connections with opposition Islamic preacher Fetkhullakh Gyulenom, who lives in the USA.
Taking into account gravity of charges, the colleagues of media outlets can wait prolonged prison sentences - from ten years to several life imprisonment.
Yegor Konchalovskiy wants to create the network of cinemas only for the domestic films.
“I would create the network of cinemas exclusively for the Russian cinema, tickets to which cost 2-3 times less than to the films of foreign production”, he stated.
Mr. Konchalovskiy notes that to Russian films it is difficult to compete for the spectator with the large Hollywood tapes.
In our country per year are done more than 100 pictures, from which the screens it reaches on the average of 20-25 tapes.
“And even by them it is very difficult to compete with “Transformerami” and “by iron person”, into advance of which are shaken enormous budgets”, said motion picture director.
Let us recall, on July 1 in the Crimea began work the All-Russian youth educational forum “of Tavrida”.
Among the participants - instructors of creative professions and the young professionals of different creative and humanitarian directions from entire Russia and number of the countries of near and far abroad.
Britanki conquered Olympic gold in academic rowing in the twos
Britanki of Helen Glover and Khizer Stenning conquered Olympic gold in academic rowing in the twos.
Silver took novozelandki Rebecca Skoun and Zhenevev Beren, the third place occupied Anna Anderson and Khedvig Rasmussen from Denmark.
The "- news - new general contractor promises to return “Zenith-arena” by December 26.
The new general contractor constructed stadium of the constructed in St. Petersburg, which must accept the matches of the goblet of confederations-2017 and world championship on the football-2018, company “subway construction” promises to return arena by December 26, reports “Russian International News Agency” with the reference to the head of the interim commission of Federation Council on the preparation for the world championship on Vadim Tyulpanov's football-2018.
“Today we together with the minister of sport of Russia Vitalius Mutko visited building, with us there was the director general “of subway construction” Vadim Aleksandrov.
He said that the stadium will return by December 26.
This is serious Petersburg company, it never disrupts periods.
We with Vitalius Mutko remained contented seen and heard "", cites the agency of collocutor.
Earlier than Vitalius Mutko it arrived to St. Petersburg for the purpose of the inspection of the place of conducting the future scale competitions.
Also Mr. of tulips noted that commission of the Federation Council the headed by him will continue to monitorit the motion of the building of stadium and it will regularly attend building.
Let us recall, it became yesterday known that the company “subway construction” will complete the buildings “of Zenith-arena”, the cost of contract will compose about 5.4 billion rub the same company it won tradings to the improvement of territory around the stadium, the cost of contract - 2.4 billion rub contracts with AO “corporation “trans-build "", LLC (Limited liability company) “Inzhiniringovaya corporation “of Transstroy-St. Petersburg "" and AO “Inzhiniringovaya corporation “trans-build "" they were rastorgnuty.
two additional companies were not allowed to the fight for the building of stadium.
In more detail about the selection of new general contractor read in the material “"” "" subway construction” they released in the field”.
In Miasse (the Chelyabinsk province) is detained the attorney of that been vice-governor Nikolai Sandakova Constantine Akulich.
As reported “"- southern Urals” another attorney of that accused - Sergey Kolosovskiy, Constantine Akulicha they today called into the investigation division of SKR (Investigative Committee of the Russian Federation) of Miassa for the presentation of the charge on business of annual remoteness about assaulting.
Then Constantine Akulich left in the place road accident as attorney for aid of one of his participants.
“Was originally it excited in the attitude of the unestablished persons. Now, when it began to protect Nikolai Sandakova, it seemed that this was Akulich”, counts Sergey Kolosovskiy.
Constantine Akulich became the attorney of the ex-deputy of governor at the beginning of August.
In this case after half-hour to the call of attorney in SKR (Investigative Committee of the Russian Federation) of Miassa the side of protection they informed about the fact that on Monday elapses the period of acquaintance with the materials of the matter about the swindle, with which they charge Nikolai Sandakova.
Let us recall, in the attitude of Nikolai Sandakov are excited two criminal cases.
Within the framework of the first (matter about the swindle) to it is incriminated the promise for 1.5 mln rubles. to contribute to appointment to a post of the mayor of Magnitogorsk the Head of Administration of Yevgeny Tarasov's Ozerska.
The second criminal case concerns bribe, which Nikolai Sandakov allegedly obtained from the director Igor Kalugin's TAP “python” in the form of the illegal gratuitous rendering of the services of property nature in total not less than 1.3 mln rubles.
In more detail about Mr. Sandakov's matter read in the material “"” “the former vice-governor it makes demands on the association of your matters”.
Russian copper company (RMK) is prepared to take for itself social responsibility and it is more than attention to give to the ecological aspects of its business.
This is confirmed by the, for example, fact that RMK undertook modernization of one of the oldest and ecologically “dirty” enterprises of the country - the Karabashskogo copper-smelting combine.
Karabashskiy copper foundry was based by English public company headed by Leslie Urkvart in 1910.
In the Soviet time this was significant for the economy of the country industrial enterprise, and it actually ensured the vital activity of entire city.
However, in the 1990's years because of the financial problems production was stopped, which involved serious social problems in Karabashe.
Was in 1998 accepted the solution about the renewal of the work of the Karabashskogo copper-smelting combine.
It was necessary to also solve one of the major problems of the Karabashskogo plant - ecological.
At the beginning of 2000-X of Karabash it was already sadly known as the zone of ecological disaster.
Situation on “Karabashmedi” began to change in 2004, after enterprise passed for the administration of Russian copper company.
Company began to conduct the modernization of production, which began to gradually reduce ecological load on the environment.
This recently noted the governor of the Chelyabinsk province Boris Dubrovskiy, who visited in the first days of July “of Karabashmed”.
The head of the South Urals it named immense of the changes, which occurred with the enterprise, since “Karabashmed” it passed into the group RMK.
Main measure for the modernization “of Karabashmedi” of the last years became the building of the new sulfuric acid shop, which makes it possible to recover to 99.9% of metallurgical gases.
According to the President of the Russian copper company of Vsevoloda Levin, the volume of investments into this project was about 7 billion rub
Following stage of the modernization a privately held company “of Karabashmed” - reconstruction of conversion remaking.
The replacement of three converters, dust screens, gazokhodnogo circuit is planned at the end of 2017.
Cost of project - 2.5 billion rub
Furthermore, at the end of 2016 it is planned to launch the new shop of cleaning industrial discharges with the cost of 1 billion rub
In turn, will grow the sums of the taxes, dropped from the roll into the budget of Karabash city.
In entire period of the realization of the project of Tominskogo GOKa - since the beginning of the building and to the putting into commission of the second turn - federal treasury will obtain 8.9 billion rub
But after the introduction of GOKa into the operation revenue of taxes into the budgets of all levels can be 80.9 billion rub
In the year of the work of production in the Varnenskiy region into the budgets of different levels it is enumerated 346.3 mln rubles.
And this in the first year.
“The longer successfully works the enterprise, the fact the sum of deductions can be more”, added Valerie Ulanovskiy.
In RMK they refined that in 2015 the tax deductions from Mikheevskogo GOKa approached 1 billion rub
However, the participation of enterprises RMK in life and development of the territories of their presence is not limited to tax deductions.
Enterprises RMK help to overhaul and to contain schools, kindergartens, sport units, to build cultural-entertaining objects, to improve territories.
In 2016 one of the quite major social projects of Russian copper company in Karabashe became innovation repair, and in the essence - almost complete reconstruction of kindergarten N9 to 95 pupils.
The building, built in 1960, was in emergency state.
Also in the territory “of RMK of arena” will be placed landscape park with the artificial pond, underground and overground parking to 600 parking places, cafes and sport stores.
“RMK arena” will make it possible to take entertainment professional sport measures of international level.
But the primary task of this project - to make lessons gymnastics and sport under the comfortable conditions accessible for the inhabitants of Chelyabinsk, first of all for the children.
Place in the first row to the staggering architecture of the central library of Los Angeles
Learn more about the history of central library in the downtown, until the society of the historians of architecture/branch in South California carries out artistic exhibition with Arnold Shwartzman and Stephen Gi, by the authors of the new book “the central library of Los Angeles: History of its art and architecture”.
Gi and Shwartzman are collected to discuss and to share with the images of Bertram's design 1926 g by Gudkhyu, and also restorations and additions 1993 g from Hardy Holzman Pfayffera of Associates.
Salon works from 2 days to 4 days on August 21 in Salle Moderne in the constructed in the style Are-sounding board southwest law school (previously Bullocks Wilshire), 3050 Wilshire Blvd.
Participants can be missed on the central hall, rooms of the specific periods, cactus guest and tea room.
They are necessary the preliminary order of tickets; terms SAH/SCC - 15 i; nechleny - 25 i.
Open, industrial loft in DTLA obtains the comfortable new appearance
To celebrate the 90th birthday of the central library of Los Angeles with which still? — by the new book
The colleagues of center for the refugees of Sandkholm in Denmark suspected, that adolescents the living in it deal with prostitution.
On this on Thursday August 11, The Local reports.
According to him, some adolescents described to the colleagues of establishment that “someone in Copenhagen organizes lessons by prostitution”.
As notes publication, the doubts of the workers of shelter arose after the Swedish newspaper of Sydsvenkan it described about the similar histories in the malm.
In 2015 in the European Union crisis because of the influx of refugees from the countries of Africa and Near East broke out.
Denmark distributed to its territory more than 20,000 of them.
On the coasts) of Cape Cod (USA peninsula the fisherman caught rare dark-blue lobster.
Man revealed crustacean among others those caught into his underwater trap, ABC News reports.
American plans to transmit him into the local oceanarium.
Lobster weighs about the kilogram.
It is noted that Wayne Nikerson (Wayne Nickerson) deals with the catching of lobsterov of the last 35 years.
According to its wife, the first time for the career to man fell dark-blue lobster in 1990.
According to the information of ABC News, the crustaceans acquire dark-blue or blue okras as a result of the genetic mutations.
It became in April 2016 known that the fishermen caught on Japan coasts the copy of the thinnest form of the deep water sharks of Megachasma pelagios (bolsherotaya shark).
Five-meter animal weighs about the ton.
The servicemen of Black Sea fleet conducted perfecting the operations on the protivopodvodno-diversionary defense in the water area of Black sea.
On this Russian International News Agency reported the representative for the administration of the press service of the Ministry of Defense for Naval fleet Igor Dygalo.
Trainings conducted within the framework of the first stage of studies on the special I see the supports of operations of forces the Navies.
“The soldiers of protivopodvodno-diversionary subdivisions worked the protivopodvodno-diversionary defense out of the point of the basing of the naval forces in the section of coast and adjacent sea water area of Black sea”, refined Dygalo.
In the studies participated about 400 soldiers, more than 10 units of combat materiel, including the helicopters Mi-8 and KA-27, the protivodiversionnye launches “rook” and patrulnye high-speed launches “Raptor”.
In the course of the maneuvers of the force of the brandvakhtennykh ships with the use of hydroacoustic means revealed conditional saboteur parties and repelled the attack “underwater saboteurs” from the side of sea to the point of the basing of forces CHF.
From the helicopter KA-27 landed the landing-assault group, which blocked and destroyed the saboteurs of simulated enemy.
The trawlers of Black Sea fleet for the search min. left after this, to sea.
Dygalo he stated that “the data of the study of Black Sea fleet are conducted in accordance with the concept of preparation and conducting of the forthcoming command-staff study “the Caucasus-2016” and by the plan of preparation the Navy”.
With 18 until July 30 Ukraine and the USA conducted the joint military maneuvers of the fleets of Sea Breeze 2016 in the Black sea.
In all in the maneuvers participated of approximately four thousand people of 16 countries.
In the sea component were enabled more than 25 ships, launches and the courts of the guarantee of the USA, Turkey, Rumania and Ukraine.
Court in the Moscow area arrested father for the murder of the foster daughter: Consequence and the court: Primary structures: Lenta.ru
Ozerskiy city court Moscow of region sanctioned Roman Chernikov's arrest, which was confessed in the murder of its six-year-old foster daughter.
About this on Thursday August 11, as reports the agency of the urban news "Moskva", it described press-secretary Nina Zhilkin's vessels.
“Court satisfied the petition of investigation organs about the election in the attitude of Chernikov preventive measure in the form of confinement under guard for two months”, she said.
Chernikov will be it is under arrest until October 9.
On August 11 management SKR (Investigative Committee of the Russian Federation) for Moscow region reported the fact that the foster parents and grandmother of six-year-old girl gave grateful indications in her murder.
In particular, Roman Chernikov reported that the April 2016 from the personal hostile relations completed the murder of child on one of the days, being house in the state of alcoholic intoxication.
Then for the purpose of the concealment of the body of child it burnt him and it scattered the remains together with the wife over the large area.
In the evening on August 9 on the examination in inspector foster parents reported the fact that in April 2016 the six-year-old child sank in the bath.
Long time they succeeded in hiding from all the disappearance of girl; however, in August, after learning, that soon at them home must arrive the colleagues of the organs of guardianship, they decided to say to all that the child disappeared.
Parents declared, that on August 6 year their foster daughter arbitrarily left from the territory of the section of the house, where they lived by family, and it disappeared.
Pope Rimskiy Francois shared in the Vatican meal with the refugees from Syria.
On this on Thursday August 11, reported the head of the service of the press of holy throne Greg Bourke, CTV News transfers.
Migrants arrived at the invitation of the Pontiff from the Greek island Lesbos.
Dinner took place in the Vatican house of holy Martha, where the personal apartments of Francois are located.
It is noted that on the meal two groups of the Syrian refugees, whom on April 16 visited in Greece the Pontiff, were present.
Then on the way back in the Vatican it took onboard its aircraft 12 migrants of, including six children.
The second group of Syrians in June arrived.
The concern about them was taken upon itself holy throne.
“Pope brought toys and gifts to children, they as the answer presented to it their figures and children, and adult could today have a talk with the Pontiff about the first days of their life in Italy”, reported Bourke.
During his April visit Pope Rimskiy named the migratory crisis, which was broken out to Europe in 2015, “largest catastrophe from the times of the Second World War”.
Greece - one of the countries, through which in Europe it arrives most of all migrants.
According to the data of Greek authorities, in 2015 on the whole 800,000 people moved from Turkey in the belonging to Greece islands to Aegean sea.
In this case Lesbos became main transportation terminal point for the refugees on the way in the European Union.
Plugs by the length of more than 40 kilometers were formed in Japan during the first day of short summer vacations.
On this on Thursday August 11, the information center of the road motion of the country reports, transfers Russian International News Agency.
Thus, in the region of the prefecture of Totigi road congestion was extended to 43 kilometers, in the prefecture Kanagawa Prefecture - to 33 kilometers.
As notes agency, trains are overfilled doubly, airline tickets in the internal directions are completely bought up.
Since August 11, 2016 in Japan the day of mountains is noted, holiday is officially considered as the leave day.
After this, many Japanese on several days leave for their native cities.
Short vacation in the Japanese will be prolonged the minimum of the until Tuesday following week, then the new peak of road congestions is expected.
In Japan it is considered as the bad tone to take complete vacation.
According to the law to those yielded are assumed to rest 18 days in the year; however, majority of them is limited to week.
Flag butik of the network of the stores of lyuksovoy man's clothing and accessories of Frame Moscow was opened after renovation with the completely updated design and assortment, reported “to tape. RU” the representative of network.
In the formulation of space were used only natural materials - nut, brass, keramogranit tonirovannoe to glass- in the tone tree, said the representative of Frame.
Multimedia shop windows balance on the division between tradition and advanced technologies.
In multibrendakh of Frame Moscow are represented the jackets of Marol, bag and briefcases of Serapian, designer jeans of Jacob Cohen, cuff-link and the bracelets of Tateossian, jacket of Moorer and the foot-wear of Barrett.
Furthermore, network comes out as the exclusive distributor of company for the individual sewing of the men's suits of Atelier Portofino in Russia and manages mono-BrendayouMI by butikami of Barrett and Jacob Cohen.
The French fashionable house of Louis Vuitton on September 17, 2016 will open new butik in St. Petersburg.
It will replace the first store of house, opened in this city in 2007.
New butik will be placed on Nevsky Prospekt, described “to tape. RU” the representative of company.
We are glad to report the discovery of new store in St. Petersburg, said the President of Louis Vuitton in the countries of North Europe, Near East and Africa Alessandro Valenti.
Buyers can personalize their purchases with the aid of the hot stamping technique: in the honor of discovery is produced the cliche with the form of St. Petersburg, which supplements the initials of client.
At the end of XIX the century created luggage for the Russian aristocracy - Grand Duke Alexander Romanov, princess Trubetskoy and emperor family.
At present are produced clothing, foot-wear, accessories, adornments and clocks, and also renewed the production of perfumery.
Company enters into the international holding of LVMH.
Pensioner converted stepladder into “budget beach tower”.
The users of network laughed above the photographs, in which elderly man installed on the beach stepladder and converted it into the springboard for the leaps into the water.
Photograph was published on several entertaining portals, and also in the group “my Taganrog” in the social network “Vkontakte”, because of what many they solved, that the photograph was made on the shore of Azov sea.
In the commentaries “innovation” they baptized “budget tower” and “mobile springboard”.
Many praised man for the resourcefulness and “smekalochku”, and some focused attention on the fact that the man seriously risks to wound with the leap from his tower, since he established it on the insufficient depth.
However, one of kommenatorov on the portal of Pikabu noted that to judge the depth of sea by the photograph is impossible.
“First, we do not know, what there depth, beach can be filled with the sharp descent to the meter directly after the stairs, but in the second place, even if there the meter of depth, with the proper skill it is possible to jump from the pair of meters”, wrote user under nikom of C0JIbAMDJZ
In this case the Italian publication of Roma Today writes that the man with the stepladder was noticed on the beach in the environs of Rome.
The President of Russia Vladimir Putin expressed hope for the fact that Anton Vayno as the new leader of the administration of the Head of State will contribute to its constructive work.
As reports Russian International News Agency, the appropriate statement Russian leader made at the meeting with the Vines and his predecessor - Sergey Ivanov.
Russian leader noted that Ivanov, recommended the candidacy Head of the President's Administration Vine to the post.
Putin praised the latter for the accomplished work.
On August 12 Putin removed Ivanov from the post of the leader of the administration of the Head of State.
This post instead of it engaged the Vines.
The authorities of the French city of Cannes forbade to attend local beaches in burkini - the special bathing suit for the women, which completely shuts body from the head to the ankles.
On this on Friday August 12, ABC News reports.
Mayor Cannes David Lisnar (David Lisnard) explained that a similar clothing “does not answer the rules of decency, to the principles of secularism it does not correspond to the standards of hygiene and safety”.
Also, according to him, the clothing, which emphasizes religious belonging, can cause the violations of law and order.
For the carrying of burkini is introduced the penalty in the size of 38 Euros (about 42 dollars).
It is noted that the prohibition is introduced against the background the acts of terror, which were perfected on July 15 in Nice and on July 26 in the church of city Saint-Steven-dyu-Ruvre on the north of the country.
After its introduction several musulmanok turned into the court, after stating that the limitations disrupt right to the freedom of religion.
Blagoveshchenskiy city court (Amur region) sentenced been Mayor to Alexander Migulyu to nine years of penal colony.
On this on Friday August 12, it communicates on the site of court.
Migulyu recognized as the guilty of the commission of the crime, provided by articles 286 (“exceeding authorities”), 285.1 (“the nontarget expense budget fund”) and 285 (“abuse of official authorities”) Criminal Code RF.
Consequence established that the official in December 2008 granted to his acquaintance land section in Mukhinka settlement with the disturbance of the established by the Land law procedure.
In 2006 it illegally carried out the decision about the acquisition into the property of the city of the highway bridge across Chigiri river, on the inflated price without the competitive procedures and conclusion of municipal contract, refines “Interfax”.
Furthermore, in the period from 2007 through 2010 of Migulya in the interests controlled commercial organization of controlled to it changed the periods of the payments by agreement of buying and selling the agreement of the lease of the land section, which was given under the building of housing, and it also freed company from the lease pay.
As a result the budget of region received less more than 5 million rubles, and the city treasury of approximately 21 million rubles.
On August 4 it became known that the former mayor, who is located under arrest on the suspicion of corruption, and pretended to the deputy mandate, did not grant in time into the election committee subscribed sheets for the participation in the duma elections and it was taken from the pre-election race.
Migulya was detained in May 2015 in the territory of Lipetsk region and placed in SIZO (Detention Facility).
Thus far it since 2011 was located in the international search.
Alexander Migulya held the position of the mayor of Blagoveshchenk from November 2004 to April 2010.
In the Russian ministry of foreign affairs they refuted information about the release captivated Russian helicopter pilot of the captivated by the Taliban.
By information about the negotiations on Friday August 12, in the interview with “Interfax” shared the special representative of the President RF on Afghanistan, director of the second department of Asia with the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation Zamir Kabulov.
Could not be confirmed this information.
“Crew as before is situated in the captivity, are conducted negotiations”, it stated Kabulov.
On August 11 reported source in the diplomatic circles to agency that the prisoners were freed.
According to him, the former hostages were crossed into Pakistan.
On August 4 appeared information about the fact that the departed from Peshawar Pakistani helicopter Mi-17 landed to the province of Logar in the eastern part of Afghanistan because of the technical problems.
The builders of Crimean bridge acquired by hymn “I drive in pile”.
On the YouTube-channel of project “Crimean bridge” appeared clip “I drive in pile”.
This is the song of the builder of this construction - hero tells, that the bridge will help “not to lose relations with the enormous country”.
The author, in particular, sings about how “drives in pile”.
To the music is superimposed video from building of Crimean bridge.
Song wrote and carried out Constantine Khomenko - designer from “institute Giprostroymost - St. Petersburg”, developed project construction.
It is not professional musician.
MVD (Ministry of Internal Affairs) of Thailand accused of the explosions at the health resorts of local saboteurs.
Explosions at the health resorts of Thailand - “the reports of local sabotage” and are in no way connected with the activity of international terrorists.
On this, as Reuters reports, the police of Thailand stated.
According to the guards of order, for them thus far could not be explained, were connected somehow these explosions between themselves.
On the basic version, their organizers attempted to tear away tourist season.
It is not excluded, that after the explosions stand the ceparatisty-Muslims from the south of the country.
Law-enforcement agencies already detained several man.
At the given moment it is known against four killed and several ten injured.
The Premier of the country They prayut vat-Ocha it ordered to take the corollary measures of safety in order to avoid new explosions and to exclude possible victims.
At the tourist health resorts of Thailand on Friday August 12, occurred a series of explosions.
Devices operated in the police stations in the island It pkhuket, in the Surat cities to Tkhani (capital of the similar province, on territory of which it is located Samiy island) and Khuakhin.
One additional explosive device, placed on the beach, was rendered harmless by field engineers.
Is in the daytime earlier, on August 11, in the health resort city of Khuakhin occurred two explosions.
Bombs were located in the pots from the plants and they were set in action with the aid of the bell from the cell phone.
Among the victims - 10 foreign tourists, there are no Russians among them.
The British jewelry house of Graff represented the new model of the hours of The Peacock Watch, executed in the form of pavlinego feather, Vogue reports.
The housing of hours is decorated by the scattering of diamonds.
For this the jewelers used not only classical round stones, but also baguettes, or trapeziform diamonds of stepped faceting and faceting of emerald.
These hours with the quartz mechanism and dark-blue pointers of the characteristic design of Graff are created in the sole copy and are represented in butike of Mercury in the Moscow hotel of Four Seasons.
Price on them publication does not call.
Graff - the jewelry-hour house, based in 1960 in London by Lawrence by Graff.
Are produced adornments with the precious stones, predominantly with the diamonds (including colored) and hours (since 2008).
Fourfold possessor of British royal reward in the sphere of international trade (1977, 1994, 2006, 2014).
In the different years of Graff acquired extremely rare and valuable diamonds, in particular pink Empress Rose, Star of America, The Sarah, etc.
The new book Joanne Rowling “Harry Potter and cursed child” became most sold in Great Britain, The Daily Mail reports.
Roman passed on the popularity the play “Romeo and Juliette” of William Shakespeare.
According to the information of publication, in the first week after the output of the eighth part of the saga about the magician were sold 847,900 copies.
The book “Harry Potter and cursed child” brought 8.76 million of pounds sterling.
In this case Shakespeare's tragedy proved to be in the second place - were since 1998 sold the almost 127,700 books of the publishing house of Penguin Classics.
The eighth part of the saga about the magician Khogvartsa “Harry Potter and cursed child” appeared on July 31.
The action of play unfolds 19 years after the events, described in the book “Harry Potter and the gifts to death”.
During the same day in London on the scene of theater Palace took place the Premier of play on the play.
In Russia the English-language version of novel entered the counters “Moscow house of the book” - the only official salesman of novel - on August 5.
All copies were sold off in the twenty-four hours.
In the Russian the new part of the saga will leave prior to the end of 2016.
The owners of Messengers and post services must identify users and move away the forbidden information - such summary of the bill, developed the by Media-communication union (ISS (International Space Station)), that unites of the largest Russian operators of the connection (there is in “Vedomosti”).
The colleagues of three companies - the members of union confirmed that this project is discussed.
At the beginning of autumn it must be presented to workgroup under first Vice-Premier Igor Shuvalov's leadership, speaks the collocutor “of Vedomosti” in ISS (International Space Station).
The discussion deals with the corrections into the laws about the connection and with the media outlets.
They provide that by any “the organizer of the propagation of information in the network the Internet, which allows the opportunity of the exchange of electronic communications”, is obligated to identify users on the basis of information, which are contained in the databases of the operators of connection, having preliminarily concluded with them agreements.
But also “to without delay block communications or publications, which contain the information, extended with the violation of the requirements of Russian legislation”.
Otherwise operators are right to limit access to the service on the resolution of the Federal Supervision Agency for Information Technologies and Communications.
Astronomers revealed after Neptune mysterious space object.
Astronomers revealed mysterious space object after Neptune.
Celestial body very dim, its diameter composes about 200 kilometers, the publication of New Scientist writes.
According to the researchers, the object moves along orbit the completely uncharacteristic for the solar system.
It is arranged almost perpendicularly relative to other planets.
Mysterious finding obtained the name of Niku that in the translation from Chinese indicates “rebellious”, “not subdued”.
WSJ: The USA examines a question about the introduction of sanctions against RF because of the breaking of the servers of Democrats.
The officials of the USA examine a question about the introduction of new sanctions against Russia in response to the breaking of the servers of the Democratic Party, The Wall Street Journal with the reference to the sources writes.
As it communicates, for the introduction of sanctions the administration of the President of the USA Barack Obama will have to officially accuse of the attack on servers Russia or the supported by Russian authorities hackers.
According to the sources, FBI other American intelligence agencies are practically assured in the participation of Russia to the cyberattack.
WSJ notes that usually the USA prefers not to indicate by name those, who achieve hacker attacks.
Exception is breaking of the database of firm Sony Entertainment Pictures the produced in 2014, responsibility for which was officially entrusted in PDRK (People's Democratic Republic of Korea).
However, in the past year Obama published the decree, which simplifies the order of the introduction of sanctions with respect to those, who achieve or contribute to cyberattacks.
Was originally it directed against China, but it can be used, also, against other countries.
The decision-making process about the sanctions can be prolonged, publication writes.
Even if officials came to the conclusion that the hackers acted with the support to Russia, before making of a decision about information disclosure they had to weigh the likely consequences.
For them one must determine, so incident is serious, in order because of it to aggravate tension in the bilateral relations.
It previously communicated that the administration of Barack Obama allows the opportunity of applying the sanctions against the state, whose hackers forced open the servers of natskomiteta of the Democratic Party.
The site of WikiLeaks published the electronic correspondence of the national committee of Democrats.
Media outlets reported that the hackers, who work with the Russian authorities, can be participating to the breaking.
In the Kremlin such communications were named absurd.
Google fined FRONT almost to half-billion of the rubles
The disturbance of competition on the market for mobile applications became reason.
Antitrust trial was begun on the initiative of “Yandex”.
Russian company asserted that Google gives access to the components of Android on the conditions, which forbade presetting applications from other developers, in particular, from “Yandex” the producers of smartphones.
FRONT it found confirmation of these claims and established, company misused by dominant position on the market and tied to the producers of mobile devices installation together with the store of Google Play of other applications.
On the sums of checking federal antitrust service made the decision to punish Google, reported deputy chairman Aleksey Dotsenko's FRONT.
Penalty must be paid during 60 days after the coming into force of decision.
They concluded IN the FRONT that law about the protection of competition must observe all companies, including the transnational corporations.
It is in turn in Google intended to first study the solution and only then will be determined with further actions: to fulfill it or to dispute.
Federal antitrust service recognized company as the disturber of law about the competition still in September of last year and prescribed to correct agreements until December 18.
However, in Google they did not give to this agreement.
From those times company and the department of Veduta the legal proceedings.
They noted IN the FRONT that, in spite of the penalty, they discuss from Google the opportunity of the conclusion of world agreement.
This measure to nothing will not bring.
This opinion “to the echo of Moscow” expressed the chief analyst of Mobile research group Eldar Murtazin.
Murtazin also noted that the penalty in no way will affect either the users or on the competitive ability of corporation.
Volga-region native leased apartment, and then robbed it to 84,000 rubles.
30-year robber had time to sell the stolen household equipment.
As they described to correspondent “MK in Volgograd” in the press service the provincial Main Department of the Ministry of Internal Affairs of Russia, the day before the inhabitant of city-satellite turned into the police station of Volga with the statement about the robbery.
Man reported to the guardians of law that the unknown removed in it apartment.
When owner visited to verify his dwelling, then he revealed by his completely empty: neither washing machine nor television nor refrigerator nor tenant himself.
The sum total of damage was 84,000 rubles.
Soon the guards of order left to the track of thief.
30-year unemployed Volga-region native proved to be it.
They detained man, it gave grateful indications, after reporting that stolen property already it had time to sell.
Now for it is necessary to answer for the theft on the entire strictness of law - with respect to detained the criminal case is excited.
In this year to krymchane will obtain information to the payment of transport tax.
Now the inhabitants of peninsula will pay tax in the earth, property and transport.
On this at the press conference stated the leader for the administration for the Federal Tax Service of Russia for RK Roman Nazdrachev.
Prior to the end of 2016 the Crimean owners of automobiles will obtain information to the payment of transport tax.
Thus far tax counted about 250,000 people, that manage motor transport.
The data about the taxpayers it will allow the GIBDD (State Inspection for Road Traffic Safety), Rosreestr.
“If as of the first of January to us will be transmitted the information about the owners of real estate and owners of land sections, then in the following year the citizens of the Crimea will be the payers of the data of taxes” - stated Roman Nazdrachev.
The privileges to the payment of taxes to property will be allowed for the privilege categories of citizens, first of all this is the category of pensioners.
Also, on the Land tax there is a system of deductions depending on the privilege category of taxpayer, but according to the leader of UFNS, until 2017 about this to speak early.
The inhabitant of Balakhny interceded for the woman, after breaking head by brick to its offender
On the version of consequence, at night on June 16, 2016 in the garage massif on the street the main thing in Balakhne that accused saw, as quarrel the room-mates, in whom it the day before stayed.
The man repeatedly of oskorblyal his civil wife, and then loaded woman on the arm and carried home.
Criminal stood up for woman and several times struck that suffered by brick the head.
29-year-old man passed away on the spot.
That accused to wine recognized partially.
At the given moment (on August 12, 2016), this is all information.
Terrible emergency occurred on the previous night in the region of natural boundary the cornel-Tash of Crimean peninsula.
As they reported “MK in Volgograd” in the press service the Ministry of Emergencies (EMERCOM) of Russia on the Volgograd province, into 17.05 along the route R-29 “the pike-perch - Theodosius” went voyaging bus with the people in the salon.
Suddenly machine rolled up in cuvettes and fell from the break.
The victims of road accident became five men, it is still 20th suffered injury.
They divorced victims from the place of catastrophe in the machines of emergency medical service on the medical establishments, where the doctors render the necessary aid them.
In that ill-fated voyage four inhabitants of the Volgograd province seriously suffered.
This Yuri and Helen Krivokhizhiny from Kotov together with the 9-year grandson Artem, and also 5-year Anastasia Bochkareva, whom they transported into the provincial hospital of Simferopol' city - girl is in heavy state.
With the call of fast medical aid we hope that the brigade will arrive rapidly and physicians will render entire necessary aid.
In what cases to cause ambulance, as rapidly it must arrive in the patient?
In the case of the entering of the call of fast medical aid in the special form for the call the nearest free visiting brigade of fast medical aid or specialized brigade is bound.
Time of doezda of fast medical aid to the special call - to 20 minutes.
Time of doezda of fast medical aid to the pressing call - to the 2nd hours.
The time of doezda of fast medical aid on the fact of the statement of death does not regulate.
The observers of OSCE (Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe) did not fix military activity on the border of the Crimea.
The observers of organization for safety and collaboration in Europe (OSCE (Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe)) did not fix military activity on the Russian-Ukrainian boundary.
This it is discussed in the statement, published on the site of organization.
Observers report that the situation on the border of the Crimea is calm, incidents, which can be somehow connected with the safety of Ukraine and Russia not fixed.
“None of the observers could confirm the communication media outlets, which concerned security concerns, including skirmish and military actions in immediate proximity from the administrative boundary”, it is said in the report OSCE (Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe).
The colleagues of organization continue to monitorit situation on three spacing points on the border in the district of the Ukrainian cities of Kalanchaka, Chaplinki and Chongar peninsula in Sivash bay.
Earlier in Gospogransluzhbe of Ukraine they reported that the rotation of Russian troops completes on the border of the Crimea.
In this case, they assert in the department, the updated personnel has more contemporary technology.
Bulgaria shows inflation 1st time in 8 months
Inflation in Bulgaria was 1% monthly in July, as national statistics shows.
These are the highest index in the years (since June 2012.) and is first higher than zero since October last year, when positive 0.2% were shown.
The average annual inflation, measured by IPTS, in the recent 12 months (August 2015 - July 2016) in the comparison with the previous 12 months (August 2014 - July 2015) it was -0.8%.
Index of consumer prices in July 2016. in the comparison since June 2016. it composed 101.0%, i.e. monthly inflation composed 1.0%.
Index of inflation since the beginning of the year (July 2016. in the comparison since December 2015) it composed -0.2%, and yearly inflation in July 2016. in the comparison since July 2015. it composed -0.2%.
In July 2016; in the comparison with the previous month, an increase was observed in the price of the following groups of consumer goods: food and nonalcoholic beverages (1.7%); transport (1.8%); leisure and culture (6.3%); restaurants and hotels (1.2%); other goods and service (0.3%).
Prices were reduced by the clothing and foot-wear (2.2%); furniture, household equipment and regular maintenance (0.5%); health (0.1%).
Prices remained at the same level as in the previous month to the alcoholic beverages and tobacco; housing conditions, water, electricity, gas and other forms of fuel; the communication system; and formation.
The effect “of the anime” of Snapchat they criticize as caricature to the Asians
Snapchat declares, that this filter is inspired anime, but some reviewers say that it racial tactless.
With the aid of the tool “of the lens” of Snapchat it allows for approximately 150 million users during the day to change reality and to play with the individuality with the methods, which border on the absurdity.
You can convert yourselves into the pineapple, dog or character podstat to the picture of Roy of Lichtenstein.
Lenses — these are the rough, bending features tools, which create more than 30 million corrected selfi during the day.
Any errors rapidly become well-known.
The lenses of Snapchat were subjected to criticism in the past, when them they charged with the fact that the application advertised dark skin of face or encouraged the whitened persons as the ideal of beauty.
So that when to some users on this week they proposed the lens, which allotted by their slanting eyes, curved teeth and chubby cheeks, some critics considered this as racist caricature to the Asians — “zheltolitsykh”.
And they asked the question, these repetitive contradictions do indicate the more serious problem of company, connected with the variety.
Were on Wednesday extended communications and by track indignation in reportings on The Verge and Motherboard, next day after in Snapchat they stated that they removed this function.
Company commented on: lens was planned as respect to the characters of anime, but not as caricature to the Asians.
But, lens reminded the experts, whom they know about the racism not by hearsay, of insulting stereotypes in action.
Others completely rejected comparison with the anime.
In the electronic letter to Grace Sparapani, the Korean-American student of art, whose tweet about the photographs they actively shared, said that the lens was “insulting and at least awkward”.
It added that “it is heavy to argue with the comparison side by side of very rough caricature to the Asians and effects of filter.
This shows that the filter is not simply zheltolitsyy, but to the highest degree is disparagingly zheltolitsyy.
Snapchat — this is not only company, passing through these cultural bridges.
American culture seems that implicated in the ceaseless struggle for the variety and inclusion, beginning from the corporate chambers to Hollywood and devices, which we all imply.
And the enormous audience of young people in Snapchat - which more racial are varied than their elder generation - it can mean that from them more likely to wait for understanding.
When one of the lenses of Snapchat creates the image, insulting for the user, then, said in the interview on Thursday 25 - summer To keti Zhu, “to this course of events considerably with more difficulty to remain unnoticed, as this was earlier”.
On Thursday to Zhu, manager on production and engineer, which works on Medium, it decided to remove its account in Snapchat and called others to make the same.
In the article for Medium and in the telephone interview she said that it considers that the racial contradictions are the reason for insufficient variety with the collection of personnel in Snepchate.
To Zhu criticized severely the predominantly white management of company, which consists only of the men and finished its article by the hashtag: #DeleteSnapchat.
As it wrote Zhu, which itself is the American woman of the Chinese origin: “Either they in the state did not have the sufficiency of nonwhite people, which could make such decisions or in them work nonwhite people, but they do not hold such positions, on which it is possible safely and it is opened to speak out”.
Other reviewers share its point of view, expressing dissatisfaction with the fact that Snapchat did not answer the majority of his questions.
Company does not publish information about the representation of national minorities in its state, emphasizing its status of private company.
On Thursday Snapchat refused to discuss the racial origin of its personnel, but according to the proxy, company recently hired rekrutera for the purpose of concentration on the insufficiently represented strata of society and for active at attempts the involvement of internal resources.
To Zhu she said from his side that it will preserve its account in Snapchat of that closed, after adding: “To me it is interesting, it is necessary whether for them in reality more than such users as we so that they could say that so it will not go”.
Military management distorted intelligence data about IGIL, the commission of the congress reports
Officials from the central command of the armed forces of the USA changed reconnaissance reports in order to represent more optimistic picture of war against the Islamic state in Iraq and Syria, than give the bases of event on the spot to that, reported the commission of congress in the report, released on Thursday.
The intermediate report of the operations group, founded by the republic chairmen of the committee of the House of Representatives on the matters the VS, committee on the reconnaissance also of subcommittee on the defense appropriation, revealed “the widespread dissatisfaction” among the analysts of the intelligence service of the central command, which assert that the leaders corrected their estimations of the American actions, directed toward the victory above the Islamic state.
Central command, known as US Central Command, this main Arms Forces Administration in the city Tampa, the state of Florida, which controls American military operations in the Middle East and in central Asia.
“The documents of reconnaissance, affirmed by the high command US Central Command, as a rule, gave the more optimistic image of the anti-terrorist actions of the USA, than it is confirmed by real data from the place of events, and they were stable more optimistic than the analysis, allowed by other intelligence agencies”, it was said in the news issue, dedicated to report.
“That occurred in US Central Command, is unacceptable: when to the highest leadership is presented uncertain analysis, suffer our servicemen”, stated the member of the House of Representatives Ken Calvert, Republican from California.
Problems with the management in US Central Command reach very bosses of organization.
Desyatistranichnom report in detail examine the shortages, which constantly appeared in 2014 and 2015 in description and analysis of the American actions, directed toward the instruction of the armed forces of Iraq, given by central command.
Although it does not contain the final proofs that the members of the management of Obama's administration ordered to falsify reports, it asserts that the analysts felt that the management US Central Command forces them to present more optimistic view on the threat from the side of Islamic state, also known as IGIL or to ISIL.
“For the duration of the first half of 2015 many press releases, statements and significative statements of central command in the congress were considerably more optimistic than real events”, it communicated in the report.
For example, the official of US Central Command publicly stated that the large military attack, directed on the return of Mosul, can begin already in April or May 2015.
Mosul, the second largest Iraq city, remains under the control of Islamic state.
“After the months of investigation this known for sure”, said in the statement the member of the House of Representatives Mike Pompeo, Republican from Kansas.
From middle of 2014 prior to the middle of 2015 the very highest leadership of the intelligence service of the central command of the USA counterfeited razveddokumenty of command, in order to underestimate threat from the side IGIL in Iraq.
Republicans created the operations group, when they learned, that the analysts expressed concern that the intelligence data about the Islamic state underwent falsification.
In proportion to the advance of investigation, after the report, published on Thursday, will follow more expanded data.
Additional, the Inspector General of Defense Ministry conducts the not final at the given moment investigation of intelligence data US Central Command.
The representatives of the Democratic Party in the committee on the reconnaissance of the House of Representatives of the congress of the USA published on Thursday their personal data, which will be coordinated with some of the conclusions of republic operations group.
“Between 2014 and 2015 for years US Central Command created the excessively locked procedure of the carrying out of the estimations of reconnaissance concerning IGIL and troops of the protection of Iraq”, asserts in the statement the member of the House of Representatives Adam B. Schiff, the chief representative of the Democratic Party in the committee.
This procedure according to Schiff, " stopped the release of reconnaissance documents”, caused loss to the morale of analysts and “it insufficiently reflects the divergent views”.
But Schiff and Democrats assert that they did not find the proofs of the fact that the White House attempted to force the analysts of US Central Command to drive on their conclusions under “the assigned or political interpretation”.
The preliminary results of the investigation of congress were on Tuesday the portal of The Daily Beast.
In the past August the newspaper of The New York Times reported about existence of the investigation of the Inspector General of the Pentagon, opened after the complaints of the analysts of US Central Command.
Lieutenant-kommander Patrick Evans, the representative of the Pentagon, said in the statement that the Defense Ministry will not comment on the report of congress, until the investigation of the Inspector General continues.
But he said that “the experts sometimes disperse in the opinion during the treatment of complex data, both intelligence agencies and Defense Ministry greet healthy dialogue to these vitally important themes, that are concerned national security”.
The consequences of investigation exceed the scope of a question about that, does reach purpose bombing in Iraq the led by Americans and Syria (as now asserts increasingly more representatives of Defense Ministry).
But last year's statements make it necessary to doubt, can President Obama rely on the fact that the central command allows the truthful estimations of military operations at Iraq, Afghanistan, Libya and other crisis points.
The criticism of intelligence data on the Islamic state repeats the disputes, which occurred of more than ten years ago, when the analyst of intelligence service US Central Command Gregory Hooker wrote the research article, in which it was asserted that President George Walker Bush's administration because of the protest of many analysts appeared in the support of the small number of troops in Iraq and did not think about that which will follow the invasion of 2003.
Hooker also played key role in the protest, caused by intelligence data on the Islamic state.
In the past year according to officials, Hooker's command came to the conclusion that in spite of the public statements about the reverse, the airstrikes on the petroleum refineries, which belong to Islamic state, did not lead to significant worsening in the financial position of terrorist group, because it constructed the temporary petroleum refineries in order to sell oil on the Black Market.
But discovery was not disseminated beyond the limits of central command, as reported in September the newspaper of Times.
The then commander of US Central Command, General Lloyd J. Austin III, underwent criticism in the past year after the significative indications in the senate, which many deputies considered as the excessively optimistic estimation of war.
General Austin retired in April and was substituted in the central command gen. Joseph L. Votel.
Contract in the female hockey on the grass conquers 4 times by the USA, having thus approached the decisive struggle with Britain
Driven in once three goals in the match, which was finished by the victory above Japan with the score 6-1, To keti Bem opened calculation on Thursday by the first two goals for the command of the USA on the female hockey on the grass, when Americans gained the victory above the command of India with the score 3-0.
Five heads in two games must become the memory reaching, but Bem, by which 27 years, it declares, that it is not assured it would make it once something similar.
I will not apply “mind”, she said.
I in reality not of those people, which track their goals.
This is what she knows: the calculation of Americans 4-0 in the Olympic tournament, and they compete for the first place in their group with Britain, which remains invincible after loss Japan with the score 2-0 on Thursday.
The commands of Britain and USA will be encountered on Saturday in the last game of the first stage.
Both commands pretend to the quarter-final, and it will determine the result of game, who will occupy the first place in their group of six commands, and who - the second.
Winner will avoid meeting with the strong command of rivals from Holland, leaders of another group, a little pogodya, when the games of quarter-final begin.
However, Saturday game shows that the Americans here caused for noise by their unexpected series, after four years after they occupied last place among 12 commands on the London games.
Bem was in that command.
It grew into Blue Bell, state of Pennsylvania, for the first time took club for the hockey on the grass, when by it there were 3 (its elder sister-twins they played into this form of sport in Drexel), and it was joined to the national composite at the age of 16 years, after becoming its youngest player in the history.
It passed Olympics of 2008, when it did not pass elimination stage into the final composition.
Then it began 2012, when everything did not get along in it and in its comrades upon command.
In the following year of Koeyg Parnkhem, the Englishman, was appointed as trainer, and entire beginning change.
“Cultural change, psychological change, change in the physical training”, said Bem.
In London we had not such productivity, which there is now.
We completely changed our views.
On Thursday in the evening Bem opened calculation in the first half of game with a throw from the inconvenient hand on the short distance.
India approached the game without the united victory in the tournament, but command showed itself to the surprise of rigid and preserved calculation 1-0 to the end of the third period, when Bem took initiative in its hands.
It completed long passage with the ball downward along the left side of field, then on the spiral it visited into the middle and sharply sent ball into the gates, having thus given to Americans advantage into 2-0.
Melissa Gonzalez it added final goal in the middle of the fourth period.
The victory “dry” was first at the tournament for the goalkeeper of the USA Jackie Briggs, which passed on one goal in each of the first three victories.
It in the impact.
Like Bem.
“We in a good position directly now”, stated Parnkhem, but how it good depends on the result of Saturday game.
Among the fury of the Olympic Games - “dzen” of leaps on the trampoline
Wherever you neither would be located, how much nor was now time, this is the Olympics.
Events in Rio de Janeiro seem constant and inevitable, this rabid combination of competition and tendency.
As if Olympic fire itself is that burning torch, which is transferred from the archer to the swimmer, to the gymnast, to triatlonistu.
You cannot turn on TV, to read a little newspaper or to overhear the conversation of your neighbors on the turn in the cafe and not to hear about Simone Baylz, To keti Ledeki or about enmity between Michael Felps and Chad de Klo.
But still are Logan yellow pears.
Yellow pears, for the first time participating in the Olympic Games, dandy with the dimples on the cheeks, completely could be among those celebrities, which show into the prime time, which move the sponsors and life-asserting trailers, if it was swimmer, gymnast or even fencer.
But 28-year-old of yellow pear from city Leuc-Forest to California fights for gold in the Olympic contests on the leaps on the trampoline.
Olympic fire it does not illuminate all event equally.
It is further from the center, partially in the shadow, those forms of sport, which are not universally recognized, are located: shooting from the air gun, shooting from the bow, badminton, tkhekvondo.
Breast stroke will always be with us, long to it reign.
But if me it is permitted be expressed to timidly in defense its personal predilection, you will permit focusing your attention on the modest charm of leaps on the trampoline.
Although the leaps on the trampoline are the Olympic form of sport since 2000, when they made a debut on the games in sydney, in the past 16 years they obtained so little acknowledgement, that many interrogated by me people were not up to date, that they generally relate to the Olympic I see sport.
This can be regional ignorance.
Although the United States sent athletes to the competitions, they never won medal in the leaps on the trampoline, and their athletes did not leave into the finale up to until 2012.
Chinese and Russians, as a rule, divide between themselves man rewards, while Chinese and Canadians - female.
Donga of Donga from China and Rouzi Maklennan from Canada will protect its London gold medals in this year.
But leaps on the trampoline possess charm of outsider, in particular because for the uneducated ear rather are associated with the circus college, than with the Olympic Games.
Here I must acknowledge that I am not expert, but the only landed enthusiast.
In them actually there is comic potential — these are the caricature flashing of the interminable leaps — but also the refinement of gymnastics and leaps into the water, two forms of sport, which they, in essence, in themselves combine.
Word “trampoline” originates from Spanish word “el trampolín”, the indicating “springboard for the leaps into the water”.
Aspirants to the victory jump on the gigantic trampoline, taking off into air almost to 30 feet, and they must carry out a series of acrobatic it is special effect (turnings, bends and salto) to the final landing to the feet.
They are evaluated according to performance, complexity and “flight time”, according to the official program of the Olympic Games.
Thirty two athletes of 17 countries, 16 men and 16 women, will compete in Rio.
Most extended Olympic course — forward.
Aspirants to the medal must go further, it is more rapid, above and above in pursuit of gold, sometimes to the finish, and sometimes backwards and forward, hither and thither on the field.
They are approached not only finish line or starting wall, but also, in sight of television cameras, to another teasing boundary: to world or Olympic record.
This persistent tendency is noble, worthily of admiration, even it is fanatic — and it is sufficient in order to force even spectator to cry a little.
But it, in my opinion, somewhat tires with the survey of games.
From it the leaps on the trampoline give respite.
Direction of batutista — upward.
Forward movement - not purpose.
It or it runs up, it seems weightless as astronaut, it flies upward, then downward, then effortlessly again upward.
And in them, of course, it does not manage without competition or difficulties, but during the entire program there is no reckless zeal to the finish, there are no leaps in the length, only marvelous, elegant disappearance of time and gravity.
This is the closest to dzenu Olympic form of sport.
Female qualification competitions, and then finale will pass on Friday in the daytime, translation in one in the afternoon on the East-European time; man - on Saturday, also in hour.
NBC will transmit finale within the framework of the day program beginning 14:00 into both days.
At the height of Olympic madness is expected the calm, excellent moment, which can be easily looked through in the general dump.
And if an increase in the consciousness it is possible to attain only by subjecting athlete-men to the desired views and objectivization — as, according to Wall Street Journal, recently assumed man-gymnasts from the United States, yellow pears it only and waits its new enraptured crowd of fans.
“Generation protests” in Ethiopia, longtime ally of the USA
Furious protests in Ethiopia
Demonstrators, who require political change in Ethiopia, encountered furious opposition from the side of government.
Eyewitnesses say that tens of those protesting were mortally injured during the collisions with the police.
Actually whether Ethiopia is located on the face of division?
In the last decade it was one of the most stable countries of Africa, steadfast ally of the West with the rapidly developing economy.
But in the recent months antigovernment protests shook the country, applying to an increasing quantity of its territories.
Only in last week of thousands of people they left to the streets, requiring radical political changes.
The reaction of government was brutal according to the human rights defenders.
Eyewitnesses asserted that the officers of the police shot down tens of unarmed demonstrators.
The video recordings from the places of protests, supposedly taken at the end of the past or at the beginning of this year, show, as the officers of safety they beat up young people to the sticks, when those were placed by hands to the wall.
The senior official of the United Nations on human rights now issues a call to conduct thorough investigation.
“It was always complicated to hold this country from the disintegration, and further will be still more complexly”, said Rashid Abdi, the head of project “African horn” in the international research crisis group.
Ethiopia is the second densely peopled country of Africa after Nigeria, and its stability is supported by the West.
American military and intelligence services closely collaborate with the Ethiopians in order to fight with the terrorist threats in the region, especially in Somalia, and practically not one country in Africa obtains this support from the West.
The economy of Ethiopia is developed with the impressive speed.
Its infrastructure considerably was improved — there is even new suburban train in the capital Addis Ababa.
But its streets, as a rule, are quiet, are safe and are clean.
However, Ethiopia hardly was the model of democracy — organization for human rights constantly they mention about government repression - opposition in the state territory they suppressed, due to the fact that dissidents they actually forced to become silent.
Many of them were exiled, concluded in the prison, they were killed or banished into the distant deserts.
But this can change.
“If people they constantly suppress and they do not leave by them different versions except as to protest, will rise uprising”, stated Seyum to Teshome, the lecturer of university in central Ethiopia.
Entire young people protest.
Generation protests.
Complaints are numerous, beginning from the land tenure, concluding by the assumption of power by government coalition.
After the widely criticized elections in the past year the government party and its allies completely extruded opposition and now are controlled 100 percent of parliament.
At the same time stress along the boundary with eritrea grows; fight for this indeterminate, questionable boundary took away hundreds of lives in June.
Analysts fear, that the separatist groups, which were more or less destroyed in recent years, such, as the front of release Oromo or the front of the national release of Ogadena, can attempt to use unrests and to be re-armed.
Number of factors is explained, why bitter feelings, several years the boiling in the depth souls, flare up now.
The first, it would seem, completely inoffensive: smartphones.
Only for the latter the pair of years the large number of Ethiopians they could associate in the social networks, since the cheap smartphones became ordinary, and the Internet maintenance became better.
Even when government shuts access to Facebook and Twitter, as this frequently occurs, especially during the protests, many people nevertheless find the opportunity to associate through the proxy-server, which hide, where they are located.
Several young efioptsev said that precisely so they were organized for the protests.
The second, that there is more than solidarity between Oromo and Amkhara, by two largest ethiopian ethnic groups.
Oromo and Amkhara — not natural allies.
For a period of the centuries of Amkhara from the predominantly Christian alpine regions of Ethiopia they flourished in the policy and business, exploiting Oromo, many of which are Muslims and live in the low regions.
But this also changes.
“We will act together under the united beginning”, said to mulatto Gemechu, leader Oromo.
The largest protests passed in the Amkhary regions and Oromo.
Many of Amkhary and Oromo feel, that in Ethiopia incorrectly prevail the members of the ethnic group of Tygray, which is about 6 percent of population and which controls military and intelligence services, trade and policy.
The third reason for unrests — these are the loss of Meles Zenaui.
Meles, which was insurgent leader, fulfilled the responsibilities of the Prime Minister of Ethiopia in the course of 17 years, up to her death from the unknown disease in 2012.
It was considered tactical genius, man, who could foresee danger.
Analysts assert that it especially skillfully recognized the first signals of dissatisfaction and were used intelligence officers for obtaining of the data and neutralization of enemies.
“To current regime common sense is not sufficient”, stated Abdi, the analyst of conflict situations.
The new Prime Minister of Ethiopia, to Khaylemariam Desalen, appeared from anywhere and occupied the place of Melesa.
In contrast to Melesa, which was kind from the region of Tygray to North Ethiopia, to Khaylemariam - southerner.
Analysts say that it does not use the confidence of the security service, controlled Tygray.
Many fear, that as a result this will lead to even larger bloodshed.
For the last time Ethiopia survived such unrests into 2005, after thousands of people appeared with the protests against the fact that, as said analysts was, apparently, the elections, which the government zaporolo, and then counterfeited results.
In the course of subsequent repression many protestants were killed, although in a smaller quantity in comparison with the recent months, and this period of unrests passed relatively rapidly.
Experts for the development expressed gratitude to the leaders of Ethiopia for the foresighted development of infrastructure, such as new in mezhdugorodniy train and the considerable achievements in the fight with the poverty.
But it is obvious that this did not stop an increase in the internal dissatisfaction with the government of Ethiopia.
And it takes the dangerous ethnic form.
In the past month those protesting into Gondare, city in Amkhare, attacked enterprises, belonging Tygray, and anti--Tygrayskaya hatred in the social networks becomes universal.
Analysts declare, that those protesting place the United States and other Western allies in the inconvenient position.
American government used Ethiopia as the base for the pilotless flights above being nearby Somalia, although it recently declared, which shut this base.
It is clear from one side that the West wants to support democracy, but it does not desire from the other side so that its ally would lose force in the already unstable region.
“And on this stretched rope it will be difficult to pass”, it said Abdi.
Donald Tramp explains his statement, that IGIL was based by Obama, “sarcasm”
Donald J. Tramp attempted to suppress the last conflict, which enveloped his pre-election staff on Friday, asserting that it joked, when several times on this week declared, that President Obama and Hillary Clinton were “the founders” of terrorist group Islamic state.
Explanation caused new questions relative to the skill of presidential nominee from the Republican Party to intelligible turn to the American people.
It also placed its deputies, which tried to protect it during the period of unrests, to the awkward position, since them it was necessary to explain the statements, which it, probably, it did not have.
After expressing this assumption at the congress on Wednesday in the evening, Tramp decisively insisted on his assertion on Thursday, repeating in the interview, that he actually wanted to say that the President and Clinton established IGIL.
But in the post in Twitter early in the morning on Friday Tramp wrote that simply he spoke maliciously.
This post was the exact opposite of the assertion, made in all on the day earlier, when Tramp stated in several interviews that he is absolutely serious in his charge.
When radiovedushchiy-conservative Hugh Hewitt attempted to help Tramp to soften statement, after reminding to him that Obama wants to destroy IGIL, presidential nominee from the Republican Party did not use opportunity.
Last scandal broke out, when Tramp attempted to reorient his campaign to the economy against the background of reduction in the rating.
Tramp and Clinton gave the competing speeches about the economy in Michigan on this week.
On Friday Tramp again attempted to return to this theme.
Having, in addition resorted to Twitter, it warned, that the plans Clinton will lead to an increase in the taxes, and he stated that considered her speech of dull.
Tramp already previously used sarcasm as justification.
At the end of July, after it brought to itself universal criticism, having practically expressed idea, that Russians should be forced open the electronic mail Clinton, it more lately explained its remarks, after saying: “Certainly, I joke”.
This approach makes possible for Tramp to exceed the limits of that permitted in the political speech and to take his words conversely if necessary.
“I think that this is his method to test those or other pieces of information, which find response among his worshippers, to look, as they act, and then “to explain” them to that or other side, depending on reaction,” - said Ruth Sherman, expert on the communication, that carried out the analysis of language of both candidates.
But I also think that he is careful in his statements and knows that they are sufficiently diffuse in order to treat them differently.
Instead of softening of statements for the wide electorate, Tramp took an even more caustic tone in the recent days, while his rating continues to fall.
The new rating of NBC/Wall of Street Journal/Marist, published on Friday, showed that Tramp is inferior Clinton with the large preponderance in North Carolina, Virginia and Colorado and goes with it level in Florida.
Although Tramp, as a rule, attempts not to be apologized for the provocative things, which he speaks, it frequently charges its critics with the incorrect interpretation of its words and incomprehension of its sense of humour.
But since Tramp became the object of the increased attention in the recent months of presidential campaign, its joke were placed its faithful allies in the awkward position: them it is necessary publicly to support him, however provocative were its statements.
By Rudolf U. Dzhuliani, the former Mayor of New York, which is one of the most known deputies of Tramp, exerted serious efforts in order to protect candidate in the interview, the data of CNN on Thursday.
“I think, then that he speaks, is acceptable political commentary,” - it said Dzhuliani, when they presented the question to it about the authenticity of the assertion of Tramp, that Obama and Clinton established Islamic state.
This is truth in the sense that to Obama IGIL it was almost unknown tiny organization, it named its not represented threat, it is absolutely incorrect, and here therefore everything occurred, because it derived the troops from Iraq.
The majority of mean statistical Republicans assures, that Obama's administration, in which Clinton occupied the post of Secretary of State, allowed IGILu to develop, since it did not know how to rigidly settle situation in the Near East.
Before the meeting in Pennsylvania on Friday Tramp continued in Twitter to attack the mass media for razmusolivanie of each of its words and bias with respect to it.
It jeered above “poor unhappy” television experts, who attempt to guess it, and he said: “By them it is weak!”
Some Democrats ridiculed the justifications for Tramp as the extra confirmation of the fact that it does not befit in the Presidents.
The once extruded coffee house returns to Grinpoynt
The coffee house “of willows” was the obsharpannym, assuming only available place in Uilyamsberge, in which there were no Wi-Fi, but was given a good coffee for 15 years.
Naturally, they extruded it from their accomodation with the shop window on the Bedford-avenue.
Store “Soup to Sheri”, which occupied the place “of the willows” in the summer of 2014, is occupied by sale of soap in the form of cakes.
Local residents mourned it as last loss in the being renewed city.
Artist Molli Krabapl wrote in Twitter: “New York constantly changes, I know, but I cannot believe, until now, that CBGB is dead, the hotel of Chelsea is destroyed, while “willows” now it became the store of soap”.
But although New York and constantly it changes, it, in turn, renews.
The revived coffee house “of willows” was opened in November last year into Grinpoynt, it is less than in the mile to the north from the initial place.
In the new “to willow” there is Wi-Fi and credit cards assume, but some the same colleagues and similar simple atmosphere there remained.
It is as before good to the same coffee.
In the chapter of new “willow” stands Sisko Rodrigez, the old colleague of old coffee house, who is owner and general manager at the new place.
It began to work in “the willow” in 2001 and it was there to the end itself.
When one of the clients proposed to prosponsirovat it at the new place, he said that to this it went with happiness.
Rodrigez, to which 36 years, much left in the previous form.
“Willows” it works with the same distributor of beyglov and purchased the same model of kofemashiny.
In it even are established the chandeliers from the old “willow”.
But Rodrigez said that he also would want to experiment.
He proposed new dishes.
In the menu are represented the sandwiches with the bacon, egg and cheese, and there are in the presence of toppingi from the capers or fried bow.
There are dishes from the brown rice.
In the coffee house the beer no longer will be given, but freshly squeezed out juices now are prepared.
He said in nine months of Rodrigez that it focused attention on the constant flow of old permanent clients.
“Many former clients they also pressed with prices from Uilyamsberga”, it was subdivided.
In one of the recent resurrections Rebecca Oliveira was one of such clients.
Oliveira, by whom 34 years, she earlier lived in Uilyamsberge and frequently attended “willows”.
Even after it moved to Grinpoynt, it nevertheless dropped in there.
She said after closing “willow” that it ended to drink coffee to some period.
“I understood that precisely the coffee and atmosphere commanded me in “the willow”, she said.
Now she again drinks coffee, although during that day instead of the usual ays-coffee it ordered the blended tea, one additional novelty.
That Rosenthal, another old client, predanno attended “willows”, since 2003.
It went before the work and ordered invariably one and the same.
“During fifteen minutes of the eighth, each day as along the hours, I came, and for me was prepared my beygl with oil and with all fillings”, he, said.
Rodrigez told, that he wanted to experiment and introduced new dishes in the menu.
Today Rosenthal, until now, makes usual order, but sometimes he something changes with the aid of the bacon, egg or cheese on beygle with all fillings.
Rodrigez indicated that it not in the offence to the fact that the store of soap once took possession of old place.
Moreover, owners “Soup Sheri” proposed to make special soap for “willow”, using coffee from the coffee house, prepared coldly, as the ingredient.
“I think that we, possibly, will agree to their proposal”, said Rodrigez.
The permanent inhabitants of Grinpoynt of Polish origin also chose this coffee house.
One of these new clients translated menu to the Polish language, and Rodrigez said that it plans to find place for it in the shop window so that its new neighbors would feel themselves desired.
The new place has other benefits.
Local point for sale of juices plans to spill on the bottles and to sell the coffee, prepared coldly.
There is probability that the coffee house will join to itself adjacent building.
For many clients it is sufficient which new “in the willows” will include in menu their dear dishes.
Joseph Uitt was permanent client and he was subdivided, that it was killed gorem (advance repair train, adreptrain), when they were shut.
When coffee house was opened at the new place, Uitt said that, after entering inward and after ordering the cup of coffee, it felt itself, as if it returned home.
“As had long ago been me it been desirable to feel this aroma”, it acknowledged.
Depressive food of depression in “dense meal”
In March 1933, soon after ascending to the post of the President, Franklin Delano Roosevelt sat down to have dinner in Oval Office.
Being epicure, President Roosevelt loved the fashionable dishes of the fifth of avenue, for example, heavy coal-tar products-gra and Maryland tortoise soup.
Its menu during this day was modest: the stuffed eggs in the tomato sauce, potato puree and to the dessert - pudding from the prunes.
“This was the report of culinary solidarity with the people, which suffered”, said Jane Zigelman.
Its husband Andrew Ko added: “This was also message to Americans about how it is necessary to feed”.
Husbands, who live into Brooklyn-Khayts, are specialists in the history of food.
The last book of Koua, “ragout in Chinese”, was dedicated to Chinese kitchen in America, and Zigelman described the history of life in the detachable apartment in the lower it was true-Sayde through the food in its book “house 97 along the street the orchard”.
Their new joint operation “dense meal”, which will be published on Tuesday by the publishing house of Harper — this is the history of American food into the Great Depression.
Manifesting into some degrees its own culinary solidarity, they met with the reporter to supper in Eisenberg ' s of Sandwich Shop, tiny plain snack in the Fletayronskom block, which works since 1929, the year of stock exchange crash.
Zigelman, 54, ordered creamy cheese and sandwich with the pieces of olives, and to Kou, 57, took turkey, potato puree and vegetable mixture.
When reporter ordered meat meat loaf, pair calculated this by the suitable starting point for the discussion about the food in the epoch of depression.
“Meat loaves used great demand”, said Zigelman.
There were a peanut meat loaf, hepatic meat loaf, bean meat loaf.
They made from the basic ingredient and cheap products, which made it possible to extend ingredient.
Represent that you ate as much peanut, as to you is necessary for supper.
To Kou it was wrinkled.
“Probably, it lay at the stomach by stone”, he said.
In the years before depression American table, especially in the rural locality, was Swedish table.
The groups of women were prepared for the man-workers of farm, and that freshly baked of pirogues was given to the breakfast, dinner and supper.
Specifically, Americans sent food to the starving Europeans during the First World War. “Dense meal” describes, as the country she managed with the fact that suddenly it ceased to be the country of abundance.
“This was the time, when food became central, complex theme for the Americans”, it said Kou, explaining, why it and its wife decided to write about this.
The new budget ration was the same complex: mysterious dishes, such as meat loaves and baked puddings, became the basic products of nourishment; baked pudding - this “excellent method to utilize leavings”, noted Zigelman, because cooks could hide unappetizing ingredients under the thick layer of sauce.
Fresh fruits were substituted with cheaper dried fruit.
The meat, for many years which was by the basis of American food, became the economically distributed luxury.
People tried strange mixtures, because energy and nourishing value they became more important than taste and even culinary common sense.
Being occupied by studies for the book, which includes prescriptions, Zigelman prepared the dish of that epoch: the baked bow, stuffed by peanut oil.
“This addition to the dinner table did not enjoy success”, it said Kou.
Zigelman added: “This was very strangely”.
Peanut oil completely does not approach the baked bow.
This was characteristically for many domovodcheskikh prescriptions.
As are earlier never and from those times, specialists in the economics — including Louise Stanley, the chief of federal bureau of economics since 1923 until 1943 — they governed the food habits of the country.
Publishing prescriptions and articles in the newspapers and periodicals, they advised women to become “the compilers of budget”, to accept the call and to change swill like those wiped by spaghetti with the carrot into the tasty dishes.
“Dense meal” — this is the feast curious historic evidence.
Are especially piquant stories about the reaction of government to the starving citizens, for example, President Herbert Hoover's position in the spirit “let they eat pirogues”.
Publicly extolling simple farmer stryapnyu of the state of Iowa the times of its childhood, it fed as the thinned millionaire, whom it became.
“It pleased continental kitchen, for example, fish with the cucumber sauce”, it described Kou.
It ate practically in the gold-plated dining room, putting on dinner-jacket.
It was fantastically torn from reality.
President Roosevelt could complete the same error, if its wife Eleanor did not advise to it to give an example by her own stomach.
As it is said in the book, Eleanor Roosevelt it hired the housekeeper, who was not completely interested in taste, and this led to the fact that the White House “used not only the saddest food in Washington, but now and then and abominably prepared itself”.
Many of the culinary methods of the epoch of depression were forgotten, as soon as country again it arose to the feet.
Their heritage — this is our constant sfokusirovannost on the calories and nutritiousness, speaks Zigelman, and on how science it was used in the preparation of food.
Husbands say, what during writing of the book they better understood the food habits of the mother of Zigelman — that it could not eject food, for example.
“It seriously feared negligent relation to the food”, it said Kou.
Zigelman recalls: “It in complete earnest poisoned people”.
There was one unpleasant case with profitrolyami.
When plates in Eisenberg ' s became deserted, they to Kou reached the dessert, which the houses prepared: dessert from the prunes, which President Roosevelt ate to the dinner.
“This is called muss from the prunes”, said Zigelman, after adding, that this was the extended method - give to modest prescriptions garish names.
There was no whipped cream, only prunes, a little flour, sugar, water and cinnamon.
All with the unwillingness immersed spoon into the viscous, brown, sticky substance.
To the surprise, it was not bad.
Kou it twice requested additive.
By the voice of the confident compiler of budget he said to the wife: “A little chopped walnut it is nut here it did not stir”.
The arrest of the pretenders of the matter about the mass fight on the Khovanskom cemetery is prolonged until November 14
The Presnenskiy court left until November 14 under the arrest of the pretenders of the matter about the mass fight on the Khovanskom cemetery, after satisfying the appropriate petition of consequence.
On business as those accused pass 14 people.
Let us recall that on May 14 on the Khovanskom cemetery occurred the mass fight of several hundred descendants from the Central Asia and North Caucasus with the application of a weapon, as a result of which died three people.
To the former leader of cemetery Yuri Chabuev and to lawyer, to the co-founder of public organization “healthy nation” for Alexander Bocharnikov is produced charge in the organization of murder.
A question about the second in 2016 indexing of pensions can be solved during the next two-three weeks.
On this reported on August 12 the deputy chairman of government RF Olga Golodets during the visit to the Bryansk province.
The concrete parameters are laid, how it is necessary to increase pension in order to snivelirovat that inflation, which exists in the country.
All calculations are produced.
Now economists sum up the sums of half-year, and we will complete this work during the next two-three weeks”, cites Golodets “Interfax”.
Commenting on that proposed by the head of the center of strategic developments by Aleksey Kudrin the diagram of an increase in retirement age for half a year each year, Vice-Premier it reported that in the Cabinet this theme is not examined.
At the end of July it became known that in the government they agreed on position on the complete indexing of pension payments in 2017.
Kamienski and Grigoryan passed into the finale of competitions in shooting from the small-caliber of rifle.
Russian athletes Sergey Kamienski and Cyril Grigoryan passed into the finale of competitions in shooting from the small-caliber of rifle from the position lying on the Olympic Games at Brazil.
As reports TASS, Sergey Kamienski collected 629 marks and occupied the first place - this is new Olympic record in the qualification.
Cyril Grigoryan became the second - 628.9 bylla.
In all into the finale they passed eight best athletes.
Kamienski is world record holder in this discipline (633).
Turkish oppositionist Fetkhullakh Gyulen requires the international investigation of the circumstances at of an attempt the coup d'etat in Turkey.
“I require that the independent international commission would conduct the investigation at of an attempt the coup d'etat”, cites Gyulena the French newspaper of Le Monde.
Also Turkish oppositionist stated that “if some part of the charges is confirmed, I will return to Turkey”.
However, Gyulen in every way possible denies participation into gosperevorotu, after emphasizing that its organization never pretended to the political power.
The court of Istanbul earlier externally arrested opposition Islamic preacher Fetkhullakha Gyulena.
Let us recall that at an attempt the military coup occurred in Turkey on the night with 15 on July 16.
The companies of Gilead will compensate expenditures for legal services during the dispute for the patent from hepatitis number systems by the company of Merck
The company of Gilead Sciences Inc has the right to obtain the compensation of expenditures for the legal services, which it carried in connection with the lawsuit regarding the patent for the medicine for hepatitis number systems by the producer of the medicines of Merck & Co Inc, federal district judge decreed.
In June the company of Gilead was freed from the payment of 200 million dollars of damage for the damage of two patents of the company of Merck, which refer to the medicines of the company of Gilead, to the leaders of sales, Sovaldi and Harvoni, after American judge revealed a number of disturbances from the side of the company of Merck, including lie under the oath and other unethical behavior.
On Thursday the judge of the federal circuit court of the USA Beth Lebson Freeman she said with the rotation into the court that the company of Gilead has right to the compensation of the expenditures, carried in the course of the challenge of action.
The company of Merck attempts to overtake Gilead, which prevails on the market for the new generation of the medicines for hepatitis s, which can cure more than 90 percent of patients with the disease of the liver.
The matter occurred in 2013, when the companies of Gilead and Merck gave to the court to each other, after stating about its rights on the laboratory work, which lies at the basis of sofosbuvira, the active ingredient of the medicines of the company of Gilead.
The armed forces, formed with the support to the USA, assert that they intercepted complete control over Manbidzhem in the Islamic state
The armed forces, formed with the support to the USA, took complete control over the northern city of Manbidzh next to the Turkish boundary, after the last militants of Islamic state remaining themselves in the city left, the representative of group reported on Friday.
The Syrian democratic forces (SDS) now of Veduta the cleaning of city after the departure of the remained group of the militants, who were hidden in the city.
They freed more than 2 000 civil hostages, who were retained by militants, reported to the agency “Reuter” of Sharfan Darvish from military council of Manbidzha the allied with SDS.
“City now completely under our control, but we mount operations on the cleaning”, it reported to agency “Reuter”.
Clinton earned 10.75 million dollars it in 2015 and paid 34.2 percent of the rate of the federal tax
Hillary Clinton on Friday promulgated her tax declarations in 2015, which showed that Presidential candidate from the Democratic Party and its husband they had in this year 10.75 million dollars of income and paid the effective rate of federal tax in the size of 34.2 percent.
In 2015 Clinton obtained 1 million dollars in the form of the charitable payments, in essence, into the fund Clinton, former President Bill Clinton was obtained about 5.3 million dollars in the form of the fees for the appearances, and the former Secretary of State stated about the income into 3 million dollars from the publisher of Simon & Schuster for its book about its stay on the post in the State Department.
Potential Vice President Clinton, senator of the USA Tim Kane from Virginia together with their wife by Anna Kholton promulgated tax declarations in 10 years.
In 2015 they paid the effective rate of federal tax in the size of 20.3 percent.
“Hillary Clinton and Tim Kane continue to establish the standard of financial transparency”, she said in the statement the adviser of pre-election staff Clinton Jennifer Palmeri.
In the complete opposition by it, Donald Tramp is hidden behind the false justifications and he disrupts its past promises to promulgate its tax declarations.
These are the commonplace for the Presidential candidates of the USA - to publish its tax declarations, although the law of them of this does not require.
New York businessman Tramp and his attorneys named testing state tax service as the reason for his failure to promulgate their tax declarations.
“Your motion”, wrote in Twitter the adviser of pre-election staff Clinton Jan Sems, having the declarations of candidate from the Democratic Party.
On Thursday the special adviser of Tramp Michael Cohen said to CNN that he will not allow Tramp to release of them to the end of checkings.
The critics Tramp, including Presidential candidate from the Republican Party in 2012 of Mitt Romney and other fellow-Republicans, said that his failure raises questions about his state, its charitable payments, its business operations and other connections, including with Russia.
Clinton was grasped for this question and she on Friday released the online of video, in which main place was assigned to the outstanding Republicans, who convinced Tramp to promulgate tax account.
On Thursday it raised this question during the speech about the economy in Michigan.
“It rejects to make that the fact that it made each without the exception Presidential candidate for duration of tens of years: to promulgate its tax declarations”, she said to gathering.
The newspaper of Politico reported that Tramp paid no or almost any taxes in two years in the 1990's, but the business-reviewer of the newspaper of New York Times on Friday quoted many attorneys on the taxation and bookkeepers, who consider that, possibly, the matters so proceed, until now.
The rates of federal tax became subject of the debate on the presidential elections.
Clinton supported the rule, named in the honor of billionaire, the investor of Warren Buffett, which would guarantee, that people, which obtain are more than 1 million dollars per year, they will pay the tax rate in the size of as the minimum 30 percent.
President Barak Obama also supported proposal.
At the meeting Clinton last week in Omakhe, in the state of Nebraska, Buffett, whose conglomeration of Berkshire Hathaway there is based, proposed to Tramp to be encountered and to exchange tax declarations.
Buffett said that he also is found under checking of IRS, and that Tramp " fears” not agency for the collection of taxes, but voters.
Pre-election staff Clinton promulgated tax declarations up to until 2007.
Clinton, who now live in Chappaqua, in New York, paid the average rate of federal tax in the size of approximately 32 percent since 2007 until 2014 and effective joint tax rate in the size of approximately 40.5 percent.
The declaration of Klintonov in 2015 showed that, in contrast to the majority of Americans, only for 100 I'm from their income source were wage.
The inexpensive index share fund was their basic investment, and Clinton stated about the dividends and income from capital in size of 109 000 i.
Additional reporting of Kevin Drobo; editor Jonathan Oatis
Condoms with the powder of Chile and fireworks increase the protection of the Tanzanian elephants
Conservationists in Tanzania use the nontraditional method to prevent elephants to zabredat into the populated areas — throw in them the condoms, filled with the powder of Chile.
Method proved to be effective, and the organization of Honeyguide Foundation, by which came to mind this idea several years ago, together with the American committee on the protection of nature was taken upon itself its advance, training volunteers in the villages of North Tanzania to use the nonviolent, consisting of four steps, method to protect its houses and sowings, without causing harm to animals.
Earlier many used spears in order to protect itself.
There will on Friday be the world day of elephants, dedicated to the protection of animals.
“Since we invented the tool kit…, we observe a change in the relation inside these communities, as a result of which they much more they are assured in the fact that they can not release elephants to their fields, without causing to the elephants of harm”, said in the statement the executive director of Honeyguide Demian Bell.
The first two steps consist of the ignition of the torch before the destroyed boundary elephant and supplies of signals with the aid of the horn.
If could not be frightened away it, then they throw the so-called “cloud of Chile”.
The powder of Chile, mixed with the soil, is placed with the popgun into the condom, and its end turns, outside remains only wick.
With the ignition the condom bursts itself with the crash, pulverizing fine dust of the powder of Chile in air.
One puff it is usually sufficient in order to develop elephant to the other side.
Extreme measure — this starter, which shoots with Roman spark plugs at air, setting off loud, bright explosion.
To Turkey, until now did not return 32 Turkish diplomats, which left the country after at an attempt gosperevorota in July of this year.
Such data it cited the head of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Turkey They mevlyut to Chavushoglu in the conversation with the local journalists.
During the first stage we recalled 208 career diplomats so that they would continue the work in the center.
From them 32 people without the objective reasons and explanations did not return”, said the head of Turkish Department of Foreign Policy.
Let us recall that at an attempt the coup d'etat in July in Turkey occurred.
The authorities of the country officially stated, that gosperevorot fell through, and also reported detention more than six thousand people, among them the military ranks of the highest and middle link.
As a result of at an attempt gosperevorota died, according to the data of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Turkey, 290 people.
Jewish director sharply criticized severely Berlin hotel for the removal of the telephone code of Israel on “the request” of Arabs — it reported the channel of RT News
The French director of Jewish origin untied scandal in media outlets, after revealing that the hotel of Kempinski Bristol in Berlin does not have in the list of the telephone code of Israel, moreover employees refer to “the requests” from the side of Arab clients.
Claude Lantsman, author of documentary film about the Holocaust “of Shoa”, expressed their dissatisfaction with the hotel of Kempinski Bristol in Berlin, after writing the open letter into the German of the media outlets of FAZ.
During its recent stay in the hotel of Lantsman it attempted to find Israel in the list of the telephone codes, given by hotel.
The country, however, was not mentioned among the states, where it is possible to ring directly from the room.
How it could happen, that in 2016 in Berlin, capital of new Germany, Israel was excluded and eradicated?
Wrote Lantsman.
Instead of Kempinski Bristol the opportunity to collect Israel through its own center of phone service allows.
In search of the explanation the director raised this question on the counter of the administration of hotel.
The answer, which it there obtained according to Lantsmana, " shocked it”.
The clerk of hotel said that this measure was “deliberate solution of the management of the network of the hotels of Kempinski.”
The reason, which stands after this step, aroused even larger anger of director.
“The majorities of our guests Arabs, and they required so that the code of Israel would be removed”, said, on the assertion of Lantsmana, the employee of hotel.
The ambassador of Israel to Germany Yakov Khadas-Handelsman named the case “terrible disgrace”, reports the newspaper of Suddeutsche Zeitung.
We were shaken and shocked by incident.
This, in reality, terrible disgrace.
That that this happened in Germany and precisely in this network of hotels, an even larger disgrace.
Explanations here are not necessary.
We expect that the hotel will draw correct conclusions”, said official.
The case caused big enough resonance in the Internet; people named its scandal.
Some asserted that the hotel of Kempinski simply “went on to occasion” in the assumed demands of Arab clients.
“They would shame”, it was said in other post, where it was indicated that the hotel, located on the glorious street of Kurfurstendamm, is located next to the synagogue.
Hotel itself hurried to sweep aside any charges, after naming that happened “by oversight” and “after apologizing” before Lantsmanom, the newspaper of Der Spiegel reports.
“It was no straight order not include Israel in the list of rapid collection”, cites the words of the representative of the hotel of Kempinski the newspaper of Suddeutsche Zeitung.
It adds, that the code now they added.
The police uses tear gas and rubber bullets against the protesting Brazilian students
Students encountered the police in the Brazilian city of San--Paulu on Thursday, when they were gathered in order to protest against the government reforms of the system of public education.
The police used tear gas and rubber bullets against those protesting.
Disorders began, when the colleagues of the police attempted to drive away students, as a result of which the police used rubber bullets and tear gas.
Several hundred students participated in the demonstration in order to express its concern apropos of the plans.
In accordance with the proposals of the governor of San--Paulu Geraldo Alckmin of almost 100 state secondary schools they will be closed, and 300 000 being studied will be redistributed in order to save money.
Some participants in the protest could be seen after the writing on the walls of graffiti, directed against temporarily acting President Michael Temer.
This last protest happened in all after several days after protesting mass they left to the streets in order to support removed President Dilmu Rusef, when the senate of the country voted for its impeachment.
Trade between Russia and Iran grew by 71% — the portal of RT Business reports
With the cancellation of sanctions the commodity turnover between Moscow and Teheran increased by 70.9 percent in comparison with the previous year according to the ambassador of Russia to Iran of the levan of Dzhagaryana.
Since the international sanctions against Iran were taken, an increase in the interest from the side of Russian firms in conducting of business in the country is observed, ambassador said.
Russian companies renew connections with Iran, and new firms are ready to obtain access to markets.
Certainly, the further extension of trade is one of the basic priorities of bilateral cooperation with Iran”, said Dzhagaryan.
It noted that in the first five months of 2016 the commodity turnover between Russia and Iran increased by 70.9 percent in comparison with the same period it was in 2015 and 856 million dollars.
In particular, Russian export into Iran grew by 91.5 percent and was 697 million dollars.
Russian import from Iran increased by 16 percent, to 158 million dollars.
An increase in the trade was achieved because of the deliveries of machinery, ground-based vehicles and weapon”, said ambassador.
Dzhagaryan also forecasts, which in this year Russia will visit a record quantity of Iranian tourists.
In the past year the diplomatic mission of Russia in Iran gave out about 35 000 visas, in essence, tourist, to the citizens of Iran.
Furthermore, for the first time Iran entered into the top-20 of the countries in a quantity of tourists, who attend Russia.
It is possible with the confidence to say that the last year's record in a quantity of Iranian tourists, who visited Russia, will be beaten”, he, said.
At the same time, relatively a little Russians they attend Iran, that, hopes the ambassador, he will change.
“I personally recommend the visiting of the cities Isfahan, Shiraz and Yezd, in which remain the monuments of ancient Persian civilization in a good state”, he said.
State continues to turn nuts in the defense-industrial complex.
Occasion for the release became “systematic nonfulfillment” of the commissions of the director general of concern “Almaz - Antaeus”, “omissions in the work” and “loss of confidence”.
The leader of NGO (Non-Government Organization) for the next three years assigned Gennadiy Benderskiy.
Information about the release of Neskorodova appeared only on Thursday in the evening and did not cause wide resonance in media outlets.
How to explain a similar silence under the conditions of the scale rearmament of army?
Most likely, management RF does not desire the propagation of any rumors or negative assumptions in the public medium.
This once more confirms that in the defense-industrial complex (OPK) there are many problems and state does not desire to assign the increased attention from the side of society on them.
The removal of Neskorodova - this is, undoubtedly, outstanding event from the point of view of the guidance of order in the branch.
NGO (Non-Government Organization) “Almaz” - the main enterprise of the concern, which specializes in the production of the antiaircraft-missile complexes (ZRK) of sea and ground-based basing.
At present “Almaz” conducts works according to the creation ZRK “Gold size-redoubt” and “Morfey”, which he is planned to establish on the new corvettes, frigates, destroyers and cruisers.
The founder of the portal of Military Russia Dmitriy Kornev considers that the release of Neskorodova is caused by the disruption of periods on the given projects.
This version is most logical.
For example, development “Morfeya” began still in 2007, and introduction into build it was assumed in 2013.
“Gold size-redoubt” it must become main air defense system aboard the newest ships the Navies.
According to the information, which I obtain, after several years of tests were not perfected not one properly successful testing.
True, how I can judge, in this there is no single-valued fault “of Almaz”, he said root.
Expert fears, that the delay with the putting into commission can occur, also, with ZRK “S-500”.
Experimental-design work on the project, until now, is not completed, but during 2016 the first complexes must enter into the troops.
They assure in the Ministry of Defense, that “the work is conducted according to plan and everything will be completed within the established periods”, although in 2014 the department recognized the presence of problems with the development S-500.
It is extremely complicated to give estimation to the professional qualities of Neskorodova, which led “Almaz” since 2011.
It is root it established that the disruptions of periods on the projects can be both the occasion and reason for release.
In his opinion, in recent years it began extremely to heavily acquire information about the internal processes in OPK and plans of the management of enterprises.
Branch obtained long-term orders for tens of billions of rubles, and large money, as is known, they love silence.
As a rule, the directors of defense companies depart from the posts at will, by agreement about the agreement of sides or are transferred into another work.
In this case the removal occurred publicly, although it did not obtain resonance.
This runs against the thought, that the leader “of Almaz” was, possibly, the figure of obstinate and resisted the gotten down on top “orders”.
Judging by everything, with this behavior the state to reconcile himself no longer intended.
By the hands of shareholders it will remove those, who prefer to argue with the installations of the Ministry of Defense and are not carried out stated problems.
Simultaneously management RF attempts to punish the embezzled controllers (machination at the shipyard “star”).
The increased attention to the problems of sector pays personally the President.
Vladimir Putin heads military-industrial commission and periodically are carried out the conferences, dedicated to rearmament.
The Kremlin protects the numbers of controllers OPK, attempting to have near at hand the loyal composition of directors, which will carry out those obtained from above the order.
This is far imperfect policy; however, against the background the revelry of corruption and absence of the normal competition in OPK of other tools the state does not have any.
The prevailing situation in oboronke, of course, the not catastrophic, but current geopolitical situation stimulates the Kremlin to as soon as possible bring into order armed forces.
In parallel with “the cleaning” of controllers in OPK management RF undertakes completely successful steps in an increase in the professionalism of Russian troops.
Regular service personnel of army acquired new quality with the arrival to the post of Minister of Defense Sergey Shoigu.
Impression is created, what President took for the weapon known saying “you want peace - be prepared for the war”.
In the period of the Cold War the military power of the USSR and reached in the 1970's years nuclear parity they led to the conclusion of the Helsinki pact, which fastened to Moscow the spheres of influence on the continent.
With all deficiencies in the bipolar system it completely effectively worked.
Proof that became the absence of wars on the European continent and relatively stable situation in the Near East.
The celebration “of winners” in the Cold War was as a result wrapped by strengthening up international terrorism.
After a series of acts of terror in Europe and USA in “civilized world”, perhaps, it remained not one calm corner.
In spite of the general trouble, the West rejects to talk with Russia at the level of equal partner.
The navy and army under such conditions remain the only allies of our country.
Strengthening military might will allow Moscow to more effectively defend national interests and to leave to the new frontiers of world policy.
The Scotsman of Kallum Skinner rushes along the finishing straight line, as a result of which Britons they seize bicycle gold
The Scotsman of Kallum Skinner rushed to the triumph in the man command sprint on the cycle track to Rio by past evening, as a result of which the command trio of Great Britain it protected his title from London 2012.
the 23-year native of glasgow was in the role of the strongest, which its friend Scotsman sir Chris Khoy made his own, and youth proudly entered into the history, after rushing past on the finishing straight line in order to pull out victory in command-favorite from New Zealand.
Britain stated rights on the unexpected victory four years ago, after winning, when to Khoy it stated rights on the fifth of his six Olympic gold medals.
And they repeated trick, after they finished modestly sixth on the March world championship on the track cycle races in London, in spite of the fact that Khoy from that moment it finished career.
A question between Beijing and London was the replacement of the specialist of participant by Dzheymi Staff.
They made since once when appeared Hindes.
The withdrawal of Khoya also created the void, which Kian to Emadi and Mett Krempton attempted to fill.
Skinner was man, whom the British trainers adhered to, seeing potential in the Scotsman, who now was realized.
Khindes, Kenni — champions from the Khoy four years ago — and Skinner established Olympic record in the qualification, but norm was exceeded by New Zealand in the first round.
And British trio won duel for gold.
Khindes was accurately behind after its circle, but Kenni it pushed command forward, and Skinner supported.
The change of strategy was the large part of the transformation, where Khindes went in the larger transfer in order to be slowed down and to allow Kenni and, in particular, to Skinner to hold temp.
Khoy it observed from its place as the invited expert of BBC and caught the view of Skinner, Kenni and Khindesa, when they entered to the pedestal.
23-year Skinner from the glasgow said: “This flattering comparison”.
I here in order to do entire possible and to make a name to itself.
We established Olympic record in the finale and defeated world champions.
This was improbably.
There is no best method to win.
After triumph in London in 2012 together with Kenni and as Khoy, Khindes recognized intentionally it fell to the track after unsuccessful start.
It more lately renounced from the commentary, and there was no method to give appeal from the side of the competitors of Great Britain.
There was no such question in this time in the greatest victory.
Khindes it said: “I felt itself as in London, with all those flags of Great Britain on the platform”.
We everyone as command was encountered in the recent three months.
We lost on so many many races with the world name, which to win the Olympics was again simply staggering.
These are is one measure, is one gold medal for the country, which won seven of 10 designations of races both in Beijing and in London.
If this is the barometer of the progress, perfected in the recent five months, then cycle track wait already five successful days.
With the form, to demonstrated Kenni, this not beyond the limitations to present, as it repeats the exploit of Khoya, after winning three Olympic gold medals into some games.
This would make it possible to see as Kenni — which exactly to 12 years is younger than Khoya, which also was born on March 23 (this, seems, the sacred date in the British sport, which it is also the birthday of Steve Redgreyv, mho of Farakha and Roger Bannistera) — is led its calculation to six gold medals and one silver.
This would be also as Wu Hui.
Following time of Kenni it competes in the sprint, which begins today and it is developed for a period of three days.
28-year-old descendant from Bolton said: “I simply delight in by this now.
Command competitions are always best.
You arrive in order to defeat with its comrades.
A little lonely to win one, if it is honest.
Khindes it said: “If it wins two additional gold medals, it must obtain knighthood”.
This was drawing of medals the only in the day, but there were subsequent good news for Britain.
Sir Bradley Wiggins, Eudes Klensi, Stephen Bourke and Owen Dull are qualified by the most rapid to the four-kilometer command race of pursuit on four.
They finished for 3:51 .943.
The world record, established with the gain of gold in London 2012, this 3:51 .659.
The first round and finale (10:42 evening) take place they take place today, during the second day of the measure, where Wiggins will accurately be in the center stage.
It had the discussion with the commissioners yesterday, on the eve of the qualification round, when officials required from it to measure its weight.
In the appropriate female measure, which is renewed and complete tomorrow, Laura Trott, Dzhoanna Rousell Shend, Elinor Barker and To keti Archibald from Milngavi improved world record, after showing time 4:13 .260.
Command Great Britain arrived at the fact that relies on the powerful command of cyclists in order to take the average period of the Olympic Games in the property and to earn the heap of medals.
After in reality the exceptional demonstrations of total superiority in Beijing and London, the expectation of oslabli in the gradual preparation for Rio.
There were dramas on the second plan, not latter - withdrawal from the post of the technical director of Sutton's Sheyna in April because of the charges in the sexism and oppression, and the withdrawals of the large figures, such as Khoy and Victoria Pendelton.
However, on the basis of the race of the first evening on the cycle track, it seems that the legendary now glory of Velikobritaniii in the achievement of tops in the necessary time, possibly, exactly will be repeated again.
Future of portlendskogo metallurgical plant under the threat because of the dissolution of contract to electric power
Future of portlendskogo aluminum plant in Victoria — and also jobs hundreds of workers — under the threat because the electric power company, which supplies the plant of according to one of the plant proprietors, intends to cancel the agreement of the delivery: it is planned, that all agreements of delivery will be rastorgnuty.
This step is the consequence of the solution, accepted earlier in this year by the government of Victorias, not to prolong the subsidies, allowed on the support of the functioning of plant.
The fixed subsidy to 20 years elapses in November.
To 2 000 jobs there can be under the threat at the plant the companies of Alcoa in Portlende.
Entire 2 000 jobs — directly and indirectly — can prove to be in the hazard area as a result of any closing.
Also there can be additional indirect consequences, since metallurgical plant consumes about 10 percent of entire electric power, produced in Victoria.
In 2014 the company of Alcoa shut metallurgical plant into Henry's Point, which led to closing of power station in Englsi in the past year.
The Portlendskiy metallurgical plant of the company of Alcoa loses money and risks by closing.
These actions became the sum of reflections about the future of plant, that are continued already for several years, originally as a result of the strong positions of Australian dollar, and it is later - because of the price of production of plant.
The company of AGL, which supplies large aluminum plant with electricity from its power station of Loy Yang A in Latrob-Valli, reported that it expects that the steps will also undertake another three owners, in order to cancel agreements.
The controlling portion of plant belongs to a joint short term enterprise in the companies of Alcoa and Alumina, and smaller portions belong to the Chinese company of CITIC and Japanese company of Marubeni Corp.
“The company of AGL expects that the portlendskiy object will continue to work, i.e., that the physical demand for electricity from the side of metallurgical plant will not cease”, she stated.
According to the company of AGL, the mentioned contracts - this the so-called 'khedzhirovannye contracts', which had to come into force in November 2016.
Contracts have the 12-monthly period of dissolution; therefore actually they will end in 2017.
“Respectively, the company of AGL still expects that these contracts will bring their part of the income in 2017 financial year”, stated electric power company.
Any potential influence on the profit of the company of AGL beginning from 2018 financial years to the given moment limited by forecasts for the strong market for futures for the wholesale prices of electric power.
The company of AGL stated that it already decreased the sum of agreements in its account by 187 million dollars in the form “forthcoming dissolution”.
According to the company of Alcoa, the solution to cancel contracts “does not influence the ability of Alcoa to govern metallurgical plant or to provide for the delivery to electric power to the metallurgical plant”.
American company stated that it in 2010 concluded with the company of Loy Yang the twenty-year-old contract, which had to come into force in November of this year, but for it still one must explain, why it cancelled contract.
Analysts feared the possible closing of both the portlendskogo metallurgical plant in Victoria and plant Tomago next to Newcastle because of the unfavorable economic situation in the branch.
Turning to the analysts earlier on this week, the chief of a service of the exploitation of the company of AGL Stephen Mickelsen said that Portlend yearly is used about 600 megawatts of energy, and Tomago - about 900 megawatts.
If both plant leave from the market, will happen the significant reduction of demand on the market [electric power].
For us as for the producer, this will be badly”, he, said.
Not only the star of reality show Kardashyan, Kendall on the cover of September number of Vogue
Kendall Jenner, 20 years, model and the fourth daughter of clan Kardashyan-Jenner mother-manager Chris, appeared on the desired September cover of the American periodical of Vogue.
Kendall, which is face of the brand of Estee Lauder and it marched on the weeks of mode in Milan, Paris and New York, it reported this news in its account in Instagrame on Thursday.
“Being located in the room together with my dear people, I looked to this cover and began to cry”, she wrote Kendall.
The news about the cover was accompanied by strange (or simply in the spirit “of the families of Kardashyan”?), prepared reality show-video, in which entire family Kardashyan-Jenner (rowdies of robes and Keytlin, which was also joined to them the universal most dear uncle of show business, producer “the families of Kardashyan” Ryan It sikrest), it forgot about the appearance of a sister on the cover, and at the end - the classical turning: they planned party-surprise.
This the standard subject line of almost all episodes of the children's television of show, dedicated to birthday (Sikrest it pronounces the phrase: “You thought that we forgot about you?” ), but Chris it was necessary with the sincerity of multyashnogo rabbit from the program in 8 mornings that this glory one way or another would be reached and to other girls.
Because with this episode, dedicated to September number of Vogue, we, undoubtedly, entered the new epoch of the show of Kardashyan.
Assume that the elder sister Kendall Kim fell on the cover of Vogue earlier (it appeared on it with its husband to Kane by West in April 2014), but September cover of periodical is reaching itself.
September release is the most sold release of Vogue in the year.
By thickness the it is similar faster for the gift publication, than to the fashionable periodical, release draws by the huge amount of sponsors (on the calculations of the portal of Fashionista, 615 pages from the last year's 832-page release they contained advertisement).
The news about that, who from the stars will fall on its cover, are expected with such impatience that in last two years of the photograph of periodical they merged to the official announcement.
Into the number of previous women, who fell on cover, they enter Naomi Campbell, Lind evangelist and Keith Moss.
On the cover undoubtedly it was in recent years represented more “the celebrities, which work by models”, than “the models, which are celebrities”.
The laureate of reward “Oscar” and person of the brand of Dior Jennifer Lawrence was represented on the cover in 2013, in year after this honor it fell out to Lady Gaga.
But even in that improbable case, if Jenner, which the periodical described as “salient model” of its generation, falls into the first category, it in the not bad company.
These celebrities are not the relatives of well-known people, stars of reality show or contemporary children, whom they know how to make good video in Snapchat (although Jenner falls into all these categories).
These are actually talented women, who succeed in the entertainment industry.
For to Beyonse, which was appeared on the last year's cover, this year was one of most successful in the career in connection with the release of album Lemonade.
Certainly, not all are glad to success Jenner.
Position Jenner in the world mode, in view of its past of the star of television reality show, always it had to remain unsteady.
In June one of the first models of Victoria ' s of Secret Stephanie Seymour criticized severely Jenner and its colleague Dzhidzhi Khadid, after naming them “the twigs of moment”.
These moods again seethed after the news about the appearance Jenner on the cover of Vogue.
But to get stuck on the dissatisfaction there is no sense.
Kendall Jenner on the cover of September number of Vogue.
It is super-model in all senses of this word.
It marches for Mark Jacobs.
It sells to you tone cream from Estee Lauder.
It, yes even all its sisters, sell to you their photographs in their applications, accessible on the paid subscription.
It sells the singlehandedly made photographs of the daughter of Cindy Krouford to the periodical of LOVE.
But in the free time, possibly, in order still to be seen with its sister of Kortni and its children, it participates in the reality show on the television.
Public juridical centers reject maintenance by 160 000 people per year
Each year more than of 160 000 least protected representatives of population they reject the maintenance in the public juridical centers, since this sector is prepared for the effect, which will show further cutting of financing on and so the already leading on the limitation activity.
In queensland three of five people — in essence, elderly, the immigrants, not protected workers, victim of violence, people, which do not have the opportunity to fight with the wrong deprivation of property and so on — already obtained failure, attempting to obtain free juridical aid and representation.
The public juridical services, which already work beyond the limitations, are prepared for further reductions.
The since June following year these juridical centers must lose 30 additional percent of federal financing.
The director of the public juridical centers of queensland James Farrell said that according to the report to the last census of the national association of public juridical centers, already thousand people per year obtain failure.
Farrell said that if the resolution of Federal Government will not be annulled, situation only will deteriorate.
“The public juridical centers of queensland constantly obtain the insufficient financing: this means that thousands of people obtain failure in the necessary for them vitally important services”, he said.
People, which exit from the forced relations, people with the unguided and ruinous debts, families, passing through divorce, incorrectly laid-off workers — in all these people are problems of juridical nature, and this report shows that they cannot obtain the aid, which they require.
Federal Government will reduce financing by 30 percent since June 2017, and it means, thousands of less protected inhabitants of queensland will be forced to solve complex juridical problems without the aid.
We issue a call the Minister of Justice and senator Kvinslenda George Brandis to immediately annul these reductions of financing so that the people could obtain the necessary aid, when they encounter juridical problems.
In the past year the government of state fulfilled its obligation to raise financing free juridical aid to the average index in the country.
Time now came to focus attention on the needs of public juridical centers and associations, their clients, and to the government of Palashchuk it is time to be put in this important work.
To the pre-election staff of Donald Tramp they gave to the court, after colleague, as it is asserted, threatened with the pistol
According to the communications from New York, to the pre-election staff of Donald Tramp they gave to the court: as it is asserted, staff undertook nothing after communication, that its operating director in North Carolina threatened with pistol colleague, when they went in the jeep in February.
Incident was described in the legal action, subject on Wednesday into the court of state in Charlotte Vintsentom Bordini, by the former instructor from the work with software in the pre-election staff of state.
To Bordini it said that several months waited, so that they would solve the problem in the internal order, but he understood that “this it will not happen”.
The director of erlang of Fillip “will extract pistol, assumed its right indicating finger on the cock and was directed muzzle toward the knee cup of Vincent”, so it asserts Bordini in the complaint.
After complaining in local and regional control of pre-election staff, Bordini he understood that as the minimum four additional people became participants in the similar incidents with Fillipom, it is asserted in the rotation.
“To pistols it is not necessary to shoot in order to cause loss”, it said Bordini in the complaint.
Action occurred only in two days after Presidential candidate from the Republican Party it produced furore, after saying to listeners in North Carolina, what “people of the second correction” — the understood as owners of weapon and its lovers — can begin to act, if its rival of Hillary Clinton will be selected and he will be able to select judges.
The pre-election staff of Tramp said that the media outlets pulled out its words from the context, and that it did not speak out in the support of violence.
In its complaint of Bordini it requires compensation from pre-election staff for the negligent control, and from Fillipa - for the threat by physical violence, insult by action and reason for moral harm.
The representative Tramp Hope Hicks lingers with the answer to the request to give commentary.
The attempts to have a talk with Fillipom were not crowned with success.
To WCCB, local news partner in Charlotte, reported that Fillip recently left from the pre-election staff.
In response to the bell into its consulting firm, innovation consulting services, no one it is rapid not perezvonil.
Presidential candidate from the Republican Party Donald Tramp conducted questionable campaign.
Matter: Bordini against Donald J. Trump For President Inc; 16-CS-14300, general court, the division of High Court for) Meklenburg (Charlotte region.
Britain must direct into the necessary river bed Olympic spirit and enlarge Heathrow
Heathrow will also bring revival and prosperity not only in our local populated areas and as a whole on London, but also in the entire country.
As on me, this was precisely the enormous advantage of Heathrow, accurately also as this was with London 2012, where we exerted all efforts so that our national character and regions would obtain benefit from the games.
The Olympic Games brought enormous benefit for Stratford and it was true-Enda.
And we will make so again, after creating opportunity for the local residents and firms next to Heathrow.
Only for our local populated areas we will create 10 000 new practice periods, 40 000 new jobs let us put an end to the youth unemployment around the airport.
Just as there were before London 2012, there will be those, who think that the task of expanding Heathrow is too scale.
They told me that Britain never will be ready to the Olympic Games, and that we will prove to be in the difficult situation in the world stage.
Skeptics made mistakes in 2012, and to them they will prove injustice apropos of Heathrow.
Always there are the obstacles, which must be overcome, but Heathrow answers any question, assigned about it
It is similar to the Olympic Games of Heathrow — this is infrastructural project for the majority, but not only for the small circle.
Expansion — this is the opportunity to create to 180 000 new jobs, 211 billion pounds of economic growth, after leaving heritage of habits and employment both around the airport, and on entire United Kingdom.
We have the excellent command in Heathrow, which introduced the program of 11 billion pounds of infrastructural investments in proper time, also, within the limits of budget, from T5 — selected as the best terminal of the airport of five years in a row, to T2, built in the middle of two most occupied in the world takeoff and landing strips.
Now they are ready to ensure third takeoff and landing strip, confirmed by 16 billion pounds of private investments.
The Olympic Games in London 2012 were by enormous success for Great Britain, and I am confident, that the expansion of Heathrow will also be.
Came time for us to direct Olympic spirit into the necessary river bed and to enlarge Heathrow, after ensuring our commercial future and after creating heritage of the habits and employment, of which Britain will be able to be proud.
Lord Pol is deuteron — chairman of the council of Heathrow and the former commercial attache of the treasury
Adblock Plus, Facebook play in “cat-mouse” regarding blocking of the advertisement
For the companies, which earn money on the Internet-advertisement, the attempts to avoid software for blocking the advertisement are the game in “the cat-mouse” according to one of the companies, which creates such software.
On Thursday, literally through the pair of days after Facebook declared, which is assembled to block blokirovshchiki of advertisement on its table version of site, Adblock Plus it published recording in the blog about the fact that the users can update their filters in the program in order to block advertisement in the social network again.
On Tuesday Facebook declared, that the table version of site changes imposition around its advertisement so that blokirovshchikam of advertisement would begin more complexly to recognize, what parts of the page are advertisement.
But Adblock now declares, that it could go around the new code.
In his publication in the blog the representative of Adblock Ben Williams wrote that “this form of the mutual fight between the association of blokirovshchikov of advertisement with the open source code and those, who attempt it to go around, he continues from the moment of the invention of blocking advertisement”, and it is possible that Facebook will present its own solution soon.
The fact that the largest in the world social network entered the fight, is the explicit sign of that, how important a problem they became blokirovshchiki of advertisement for the industry.
In the entire world of approximately 200 million people use blokirovshchiki of advertisement, according by this of the last year's of the study of Pagefair and Adobe; almost four times more than the number of those, who used such software into 2013.
Taking into account 1.3 billion daily active users, who go on Facebook through the mobile devices, mobile advertisement is now 84 percent of the incomes of Facebook from the advertisement.
However, company hunts for blokirovshchikami of advertisement on the table version, since mobile blokirovshchiki of advertisement are ineffective in the mobile applications of Facebook for the social network and Instagrame according to representative.
But nevertheless advertisement in the table version is sufficiently profitable article so that Facebook would consider this step as advantageous investment.
Also on Thursday Facebook declared, which is assembled to update its tool “advertising preferences” in order to grant more than control over the fact to people, as on them targetiruetsya advertisement.
On Thursday Facebook stated that the new filters of Adblock cause concern, since they will also block a certain nonpromotional content on the site.
“This will not be positive experience for the people, and we plan to solve this problem,” - stated the representative of Facebook in the official electronic letter.
Blokirovshchiki of advertisement - this is rough tool; therefore we instead of this were concentrated during the creation of such tools as advertising preferences in order to transmit control into the hands of people.
They moved woman on the Swiss superhighway to the episode of the obvious suicide
Victim lay on the superhighway among the night.
The police calls witnesses, after woman they moved several vehicles on the superhighway early in the morning on Thursday to an explicit at attempt the suicide.
Incident occurred to A1 near walrus in the canton vo immediately after midnight on Thursday.
Woman lay for the road in the darkness “in the gesture of desperation” and her they struck several vehicles, it reported in the police in the statement.
Clearly attempting to kill itself, the victim, Swiss woman at the age of 49 years, several vehicles struck, including truck.
It died on the spot.
They already interrogated several implicated drivers, but the personality of some, until now, was not established, reported the police, which calls them and someone also, who was the witness of incident, respond.
Were excited criminal case, “logical” step in this situation, stated attorney to the vein of Khofstetter of Le Tribune de Geneve.
However, still one must explain, they will to someone of the implicated drivers present charges.
It was possible to avoid impact?
This is what must determine attorney”, stated Khofstetter.
Other two similar cases in past five years make it possible to assume that the drivers will not be acknowledged critical.
In each case — both of which implicate person, who goes in the darkness along the superhighway — was carried out sentence, that the motorists cannot expect random meeting with the pedestrian on the superhighway among the night, newspaper reports.
In the past year officer was justified from the reason for death on carelessness, after it struck and killed person, who lies to A1 near Payerne at night in August 2014.
22-year-old victim saw lost consciousness on the road, heard court.
Court revealed that woman-policeman — which answered the special call — it governed vehicle by the method, which was substantiated, and that the presence of man on the road it was “completely exceptional and unpredictable situation”, stated judge.
Someone, the managing information about the incident on Thursday near walrus, must ring into the police for 021 644 83 46 or 021 644 44 44.
Climatic model of NASA: Venus was once inhabited
Venus, possibly, was once of the inhabited, according to the estimations new climatic model of NASA.
Scientists from the nasovskogo institute of the study of Goddard's space developed model for the analysis of the past of Venus, using tools and algorithms, similar to those, which adapt by climatologists.
Model was developed in order to determine, could Li Na to Venus, with its hot waterless surface and atmosphere, oversaturated by carbon dioxide, sometimes exist the conditions, similar to terrestrial.
Scientific previously they assumed that the low speed of the rotation of Venus is explained by its dense atmosphere.
But last simulation makes it necessary to assume that Venus, probably, could have rarefied atmosphere, by similar terrestrial, and nevertheless revolve slowly.
Model also examined topography of early Venus.
On the planet there was in all probability more arid regions, than on the Earth, but on it was once sufficient water and it is sufficient geographical changeability in order to create conditions for the life and to prevent rapid evaporation.
To early Venus also went for the benefit the sun, which was 30 percent dimmer.
“According to the model of GISS, the slow rotation of Venus substitutes its day side to the sun almost for two months one time”, explained in the communication for the press scientist from GISS Anthony Dale Khenio.
This warms the surface of planet and is produced rain, which creates the thick cloud layer, which acts as the umbrella, which protects the surface of planet from the essential part of the solar heat.
Average climatic temperatures, which, however it is amazing, by several degrees colder than during our days on the Earth, are result.
Model shows the history of Venus, similar to the development, which the specialists for the study of planets previously assumed.
In spite of the fact that once Venus was, possibly, inhabited, it for several billion years underwent the action of too great a heat and ultraviolet radiation.
Its oceans were evaporated and its water vapor was burnt out by ultraviolet radiation.
When its hydrogen was evaporated, remained only dense atmosphere from the carbon dioxide with the fatal greenhouse effect — i.e., Venus, such as we it know today.
Researchers shared with the results of their new climatic model of Venus in the periodical of Geophysical Research Letters.
Patrick Roy leaves the post of the trainer of the command of Avalanche
Patrick Roy left the post of trainer and Vice President of the hockey activity of Colorado Avalanche on Thursday, referring to a deficiency in the influence during the decision-making process in the command.
Executive Vice President/master of Colorado command Joe Sakik confirmed the news and noted that the club will begin to search for new trainer without delay.
“During the last three years I fulfilled my duties of head coach and Vice President of the hockey activity of Colorado Avalanche with energy, passion and resoluteness”, said 50-year Roy in the statement.
For the summer I for long and zealous reflected about how I could improve this command in order to give depth the necessary for it to it and to raise it to the higher level.
In order to achieve this goal, the vision of trainer and Vice President of hockey activity must ideally coincide with the vision of organization.
It also must have voting rights with making of the decisions, which influence the work of command.
These conditions at the given moment are not satisfied.
Sakik, which hired Roy on May 23, 2013, it thanked Roy for his contribution to the command.
“Patrick reported to me about his solution today”, said Sakik.
We value everything that it made for our organization, and we desire to it the success in the future.
Cluster became the laureate of the reward to Jack Adams Award as the best trainer of league during its first season with the command of Avalanche in 2013-2014.
It led club to 112 points and victories in the central battalion, but Colorado was destroyed by Minnesota in the first round of play offs and lost play off two last year.
The command of Avalanche declared estimation 39-39-4 in season 2015-2016 and to five points remained the command of Wild in the fight for the second privilege pass to the participation in the Western conference.
Goalkeeper from the Hall of Fame, Roy won four Stanley Cup — on two from Montreal Canadiens and from Avalanche.
The oil-industry workers of the North Sea renew negotiations and stop the strike
Working strikes regarding the wages of oil-industry workers in the North Sea are stopped, and all sides of discussion approach the new round of talks, the chief representatives of the parties reported.
Strikes against the nefteservisnoy company of Wood Group sporadically were organized on platforms in the North Sea, located in the conducting Royal Dutch Shell.
“Wood Group and unions of Unite and RMT can confirm that we agreed to renew the process of negotiations for resolution of the current disputes”, it is said in the joint statement.
We will conduct several conferences on the complete day for a period of several following weeks, beginning since the beginning of the following week in order to look at the problems by fresh view.
Trade unions reported that their recent action, which, according to them, was first than more in 25 years, was directed against the potential reductions of wage up to 30 percent.
The company of Wood Group in this year reduced the rates, paid out to contract employees, who work in the North Sea, approximately by 9 percent because of the negative tension of market.
Reduction in the rates from the side of company occurred after 10-percent reduction in the rates for contract employees, who work on the shore of, in 2014.
According to the company, additional reductions will give to it the space, necessary in order to overcome the decrease in the market.
The company of Shell, from its side, reduced thousands of people and declared about the plans to end natural gas activity in the countries a quantity to 10, since it rationalizes its activity as a result of its mega-confluence with the British energy company of BG Group.
The energy companies are under pressure because of the lowered prices of unrefined petroleum: economic situation deteriorated because of the solution to leave the European Union, accepted in June by Great Britain.
The Scottish member of the parliament of Deyv Anderson met with trade-union leaders earlier on this week in order to discuss one of the greatest working conflicts, which arose in the North Sea in our era.
The North Sea, he said, is vitally necessary for the regional economy.
“In the North Sea, yes even in the entire country, to us is necessary the economy, which would work for the majority, but not only for some”, he said in the statement.
Less than $1.4 billion expenditures for new projects in the North Sea are expected into 2016, on the contrast with the average value approximately 7 billion of dollars in the past five years.
Kepler measures the speeds of rotation of stars in the accumulation of the pleiads
The last mission of space telescope Kepler helped astronomers to gather the most complete catalog of the speeds of rotation of the stars, entering the accumulation of pleiads.
New data help astronomers to understand, why stars in the accumulation revolve with the different speeds, and also as the periods of rotation they are correlated with the forming of planets.
“We hope that after comparing our results with other star clusters, we learn more about the relationship between the mass of star, its age and even history of its solar system”, described in the communication for the press Louise Riball, scientific worker of the center of infrared working and analysis with the California technological institute.
The accumulation of pleiads is located in 445 light from the Earth.
Many stars in the accumulation now only reach maturity; they were born approximately 125 million years ago.
They revolve as rapidly, as never no longer they will be.
At their peak rotational speeds these vzrosleyushchie stars eject the large numbers of starry wind.
Travelling through the magnetic fields of stars, these winds render to the stars braking effect.
Its rotational speed begins to slow down in proportion to aging star.
Kepler measures the speed of rotation of each star, tracking time between the appearance of the learned starry spots — such, as sunspots.
The newest catalog of the rotational speeds makes it necessary to assume that the more massive stars revolve more slowly than less massive stars.
Riball compares stars with the dancers: larger make pirouettes more slowly than smaller.
“In “the ballet” of pleiads we observe, that those, which revolve slowly, usually more massive, whereas those, which revolve more rapidly, usually relate to the very light stars”, said Riball.
Since the accumulation of pleiads is located so closely, it serves as ideal space laboratory for the property mapping of stars with the rotational speeds.
“The star cluster of pleiad allows starting point for the theoretical models of the rotation of stars both youngest, and elders”, described Riball.
We still much want to learn about how, where and why stars slow down the speed of their rotation and hang to the nail their “dancing shoes”, figuratively speaking.
Riball and its colleagues in detail presented their last analysis of the speeds of rotation of pleiads in three new articles, which will be soon published in the astronomical periodical.
The investigation, connected with the activity of the group of the detained in the Crimea Ukrainian saboteurs, Veduta two departments, writes “Kommersant”.
In the FSB [Federal Security Service] are gathered the proofs of the participation detained diversions in the Crimea of the detained to the preparation.
As previously it communicated, grateful indications gave the inhabitant of Ukrainian city energy-gift Yevgeny Panov, who agreed himself to the collaboration with the consequence.
According to him, as the objects for the diversions it examined chemical plant “Titan” in Armyanske, oil base in Theodosius, Kerch ferry crossing, gas pipeline, and also one of the military airfields.
Law enforcement officers consider that to detain far from all sidekicks of saboteurs it was possible.
This, in particular, it became base for the arrest of those suspected of the Kiev district court of Simferopol', publication notes.
The head coach team Russia on the football became Stanislav Cherchesov
At the session of the executive committee of the Russian Football Union it was accepted the solution about the appointment to a post of the head coach team Russia on Stanislav Cherchesov's football.
Contract with it will be calculated for two years - before the completion ChM-2018.
On August 11 the executive committee of the RFS [Russian Football Union] appointed to the post of the head coach team Russia on Stanislav Cherchesov's football.
These are well-known football player, previously is played play in Moscow “Spartacus” on the position of goalkeeper, and also trainer with the solid experience, that was being been teacher of such Russian commands as entire the same “Spartacus”, “Pearl-Sochi”, “Terek”, “Amkar”, “dynamo”, and also Warsaw “Legii”, which became the winner of national superiority and goblet of the country.
It communicates that the contract with the Cherchesovym will be signed in the very near future and calculated for two years.
Thus, precisely, to it falls out the responsibility to prepare composite for the world championship of 2018.
Is known that into its trenerskiy staff they will enter Miroslav Romashchenko, Gintaras to Stauche, Vladimir Panikov.
There is the information, according to which the wage of entire trenerskogo staff will be 2.6 billion Euros per year.
According to the data of media outlets, the leadership the RFS [Russian Football Union] set before Stanislav Cherchesov as a goal to bring the team of Russia to the semi-final and to earn medals.
As stated trainer himself, as the first priority task he examines the creation of competitory medium in the command and he is going to give to football players the opportunity to appear himself.
Also according to Cherchesova, it is glad, that the selection fall on it.
The first match under the management of Cherchesova team of Russia will conduct on August 31 in Antalya - this there will be comradely meeting with the Turkish command.
Let us recall, the previously post of the head coach of Russian team on the football occupied Leonid Slutskiy, who combined it with trenerstvom in the club of the TsSKA (Central Sports Club of the Army).
He stated about its withdrawal from the post after the subsidence appearance of the national team of Russia on the Euros-2016 in France.
In this case, it took responsibility for the poor result of composite for itself.
Stopped up between Angola and Republic of South Africa, Namibia strongly suffered during the long fight against apartheid.
Nevertheless, after the finding of independence from South Africa in 1990, this country with the population into 2.4 million people reached enormous successes, especially into the latter several years.
The main reason for the success of Namibia in the fact that the government pays considerable attention to formation.
While people in the developed countries receive as by itself understood free initial and average of formation, in many poor countries in the average and even elementary schools they require pay for the instruction.
Moreover, governments they frequently advise to introduce pay instruction for “the compensation of expenditures”.
However, in Namibia instruction in the elementary schools free of charge.
Moreover, free since 2015 became secondary education.
The authorities of the country also actively work also in other important directions.
Efforts for the destruction of malaria reduced the number of yearly cases of disease by 97% in the last ten years.
In spite of the international tendency of an increase in the inequality, in Namibia it is reduced.
In comparison with the index of 1993 the coefficient of Genie, which is the standard index of the inequality of the distribution of incomes, descended to 15 points.
Then, 23 years ago, this index was one of the high in the world.
But the level of poverty was reduced from 69% in 1993 to less than 30%.
Of numbers of people, which live under the conditions of end misery (less than to $1.90 during the day) also it was reduced, from almost 53% to it is less than 23%.
In Namibia also the highest in Africa rating of freedom of speech, according to given “Reporters Without Boundaries”.
The country considerably outdistanced the United States and other rich states.
Furthermore, the country has favorable rating - one of the highest in Africa - in “the index of the perception of corruption”, which compose the human rights activists from Transparency International.
Even now, when prices on the raw material fall, Namibia it is possible to preserve acceleration rates.
At the same time the ratio of debt to the GDP [Gross Domestic Product] is located level of about 25% that comprise less than 1/3 levels of debt in the USA and majority of European Countries.
Certainly, there are in Namibia some problems.
The unemployment rate, at least according to the traditional methods of estimation, as before remains sufficiently to high - almost 28%.
And, as other countries in the region, in Namibia the high level of sickness rate by HIV/AIDS - almost 17% of population are infected.
According to the estimations of the World Bank, Namibia relates to the number of countries with the income above average, but authorities insist on what their state is in reality the developing country.
Namibia undoubtedly encounters some difficulties, which are inherent in the weakly developed economies.
For state it is necessary to develop the very large and arid country with the small population.
In the territory of the country in the deserts live the isolated nomadic tribes of the hunter-collectors, who one way or another must be integrated into the contemporary society, without the loss of their identity.
The integration of people, which quarter of a century ago were located on the periphery of world economy, complex task for any country.
This is still more complex for Namibia: just as any other country in the world, it encounters the consequences of a climate change.
However, Namibia did not think to lower hand, the country solves the confronting it problems.
Almost immediately after finding the independence of authority studied the creation of the diversified economy and solid society.
It is remarkable, that the competing political fractions were collected together in order to work on the general good.
Actually, Namibia ensures with cheap medical care not only of its own citizens, but also its neighbors.
Of about 15-20% of visitors of medical establishments in the northern regions of Namibia - Angola citizens.
No one in Namibia speaks about the building of wall, which would separate the country from the poor and corrupted neighbors.
Namibians understood that neighbors they do not select, and therefore they decided not to dispute with them, but to collaborate - to share scarce available water resources, to participate in the regional medical projects, to encourage investments and the exchange of students.
Furthermore, the government of Namibia correctly judged, that the rich natural resources can easily become curse, contributing to the enrichment of few due to many.
They understand authorities, that the incomes from the natural resources of Namibia must be packed into the infrastructure and production capacities.
They also realize, which would be irresponsible not to approach obtaining of maximum profit from sale of the resources of the country, and reexamine the investment laws also of contracts to the output, in order to ascertain that this thus.
Transparency has decisive importance for this process; therefore strong support by the government of freedom of speech is so important.
As noted the Head of State to Haga Geyngob, media outlets frequently speak that which does not please it.
But after fight for the freedom from apartheid in South Africa Namibia must protect the obtained freedoms, the President speaks.
Not all key resources of Namibia are ischerpaemymi.
Some - such as fishing - relate to those renewed, and government makes all efforts in order to preserve and to strengthen them.
Each year more than million foreign tourists attend the country.
Namibia shows that even those countries, which begin with the serious deficiencies - racism, colonial system, inequality and low level of development - it can embark on the path to general prosperity.
Its reaching deserves international acknowledgement and imitation.
Many they heard about “gold of Varna” - the earliest gold objects, created by man (4600 - 4200 years B.C.).
Perhaps, this was the loudest archaelogical sensation of the 1970's: in Bulgaria, with the excavations of Varnenskogo nekropolya, was found a fantastic quantity of gold artifacts - more than three thousand total weight of 6 kilograms.
Only of one burial, known as “the grave of № 43”, were extracted 990 gold objects by the total weight of more than 1.5 kg.
However, official status of earliest gold of peace soon can switch over to the unprepossessing in sight bead, found by the archaeologists in July of this year.
Moreover again in Bulgaria - in the prehistoric settlement, known as Tell You yunatsite.
In contrast to Varna, port city, Tell You yunatsite located far from the sea, near the village You yunatsite the Pazardzhikskogo region.
Bead is the gold strip, convoluted into the ring.
The sycamore of Boyadzhiev, the leader of excavations in Tell You yunatsite, it dated finding by 4600 years B.C. and he stated that it is older than gold of Varna at least to 200 years.
The treasures of Varna, let us recall, are dated by approximately the same period, 4600 - 4200 yr. B.C.
The technologies, which make it possible with the irreproachable accuracy to date metal, at present does not exist.
However, from where confidence in what gold is more ancient?
Obviously, professor Boyadzhiev knows more than he reported to the agency of Reuters: “I am completely confident, that gold You yunatsite older than gold of Varna”.
This is finding the extraordinary importance: to form this is tiny object; however, it sufficiently large in order to occupy the fitting place in the history.
In the interview for Reuters of Boyadzhiev it reported that the scientists soon analyze the composition of metal, and it is also repeated and more thoroughly will be studied the archaelogical layer, where gold artifact was found.
This will help to date bead with a maximally possible accuracy.
The place of finding explains also much.
Tell You yunatsite - settlement famous, even if you about it never heard.
At present Tell You yunatsite it is considered as the earliest “city” of Europe.
Tell was based by the descendants of people, which migrated into Europe from Anatoly (modern Turkey) into 7. 000eletii B.C.
During the subsequent centuries in this region vigorously was developed metal working, from the mastery of the first metallurgical habits to the creation of valuable industry.
In the domestic historiography for this archaelogical generality there is the special name: Balkans-Carpathian metallurgical province.
In 5. 000eletii B.C. around the centers of metal working began to appear urban type settlement.
Now they call them the earliest cities of Europe.
From them Tell You yunatsite the, possibly, most ancient, since the artifacts of 4900 years B.C. were here found.
I would name Tell You yunatsite by the prototype of modern city, although this very ancient settlement, even in comparison with Mesopotamia.
“This place is older than the sound-effects man by thousands years”, says Boyadzhiev, having the conventional opinion that the urban culture was conceived in the south of Mesopotamia - modern Iraq.
The first cities in the customary understanding of this word there arose.
Tell's excavations You yunatsite they are conducted since 1976.
In this time the archaeologists dug out almost 12 hectare, this approximately third from the assumed total area of settlement.
The remainders of fortress wall were found, who there is no time reached three meters in the height.
Little which was preserved from the houses and workshops; however, archaeologists clearly distinguish streets, public buildings, po--urban dense building, “business center” and the habitable outskirts.
Tell You yunatsite they frequently call “bird city”: tens of clay figurines of birds were here found.
All birds are depicted in the state of rest, hence arose the assumption that they were not decorative objects, but object of local cult.
“Bird city” was destroyed about 4100 years B.C. - possibly, by Indo-European tribes, which arrived from the northeast.
The nomads did not have cities, then there were horses and weapon.
Their three-meter fortress walls did not stop.
Archaeologists revealed the obvious signs of the brutal slaughter: the remains of old men, women and children with the tracks of the wounds, inflicted by combat axes, were found inside the houses.
New findings and new evidence appear yearly, changing customary ideas about the ancient history of humanity.
Bulgarian archaeologists increasingly more frequently speak not about the separate cultures, but about “lost” first civilization of Europe, which was conceived in the Balkans.
Powerful stimulus in search of this civilization became “gold of Varna”, found relatively recently, in 1972.
It is logical, what the gold luxury of Varna it had to something precede - something like the tiny gold bead, created in Tell You yunatsite.
In Porsche they artificially aged the model of 911 Targa
It is officially declared, that the preparation of 911 Targa 4S Exclusive Design is conducted by hand by the specialists of the subdivisions, which work with the series machines.
“Retro-bow” consists, for example, in the special color of the body of Etna Blue, which was developed still in 1960 for the model of Porsche 356B - in this color it was painted even logotype of model.
Furthermore, targa obtained firm white drawing along the boards and special 20th-inch wheel disks of RS Spyder, and also some components of the formulation of body, painted in “the bel-gold of metallik”.
In the interior of retro-lines it is noticeably less: it differs, according to the large calculation, sulfur-turn blue by the gamma of formulation, by new armchairs with the extended ranges of electro-adjustments and finished by black anodized steel thresholds with the logotype of subdivision.
Furthermore, with the purchase of special version each buyer will obtain into the gift case for the automobile and richly finished album with the photographs of the process of production.
The specialists of Porsche Exclusive did not begin to touch power plant: retro-targa in the characteristics completely it coincides with the series.
It is equipped with six-cylinder motor with the turbine supercharger with the volume of 3.0 l, which develops 420 hp and 500 nm.
The most dynamic version of 911 Targa 4S is capable of being accelerated to 100 km/h in 4 seconds.
Porsche 911 Targa 4S Exclusive Design will be released by the limited print run, but its neither volume nor cost of each concrete sportkara they do not communicate.
Facebook and blokirovshchiki of advertisement untied “to the picker of weapons”
The recent introduction of Facebook the technology, which prevented the concealment of advertisement on the pages of social network, provoked the developers of the solutions for blocking the advertisement to reciprocal actions.
In AdBlock Plus they released “antidote”, but Facebook is planned to soon make its useless.
So AdBlock Plus promoted its new technology, which, will most likely, remain effective not long,
The representatives of social network noted that, attempting to deceive the new technology “unblocked” advertisement, the solution from AdBlock Plus together with the commercial declarations blocks many usual posts from the friends or pages.
In Facebook they expressed regret and promised to soon solve problem by this policy of AdBlock Plus.
As described the source among the developers of social network to the publication of TechCrunch, code, which makes AdBlock Plus to useless on the desktop site Facebook, it will be finished for the nearest hours.
Thus, social network and blokirovshchiki untied their kind “the arms race”, whereas trying to beat each other, that suffered side they became users, who passed interesting records from the friends or seen advertisement, where they did not become accustomed to see it.
The ethical aspects of blocking advertisement recently cause heated debates.
In Murmansk the opressor will appear before the court · Evening Murmansk.
Its matter they already finished to investigate in the Investigative Committee of Russian Federation on Murmansk region.
Produced charge to 54--year man very serious - accomplishment of the compulsive actions of sexual nature.
Consequence established that at the end the November 2015 accused in the region of the street of Pavlov in Murmansk completed the actions of sexual nature with the application of violence in the attitude of 20-year girl. criminal case concerning the affirmed accusatory conclusion directed for the examination actually.
The sanction of the article indicated provides for maximum punishment in the form of the deprivation of freedom for the period up to six years.
To Dongfeng will bring into Russia krossven of Fengguang 370 and pick-up of Rich New - site after the control www.zr.ru
Dongfeng Fengguang 370 - the representative of the collecting popularity in China class of automobiles, combining in itself merit of minivena and crossover.
One additional declared Russian of Premier - pick-up of Rich New.
Many Western firms Moscow international auto-salon in this year decided to ignore; therefore the void of the showrooms “of the Crocus Expo” they will fill Chinese firms.
In particular, by powerful front will come out the corporation of Dongfeng Motor, which has large views of Russian market and intended to in the near future propose to our automobile enthusiasts a number of interesting novelties.
One of them will become krossven of Dongfeng Fengguang 370, which was put on the market in China this spring on the price from 55 900 yuan (only less than 550,000 rub on the current course).
This price list hardly shines to Russians, yes even a question about the deliveries into our country thus far is located in the stage of consideration.
In China, by the way, Fengguang 370 on the sums of June sales knew how to reach the 11th place in the list of most sold minivenov, although in view of the large road clearance (175 mm) and shielding plastic underweight on the lower perimeter of its body completely it is possible to add to the crossovers.
Krossven is built on the front-wheel-drive platform of the youngest model of Fengguang 360, in 370-go the same wheel base in 2725 mm, but body only is longer (4565 mm against 4510 mm), design is more solid, and equipment is richer.
Salon is decorated with wooden laths, but large vertical sensory screen the shown on the photo “as in Tesly” on the central console was only on the early exhibition copies of krossvena, and into sale entered machines with “the music” simpler.
Five of seven landing places easily are added, forming flat loading area with the length of 1650 mm, the maximum volume of baggage carrier - 1500 l.
Engine for Fengguang 370 is provided only one - 1,5 - liter benzine “atmosfernik” by the power of 115 hp, butted with the 5-stage mechanical gearbox.
The producer modestly hushes up about the dynamic qualities of machine, then promises the sparing budget of owner appetite at the level of 6.7 l/100 km.
Pick-up of Rich New - this well acquaintance to the Russians of Nissan NP300 Navara of before last generation, but only by the refined by Chinese stylists design.
In spite of the obsolete construction, this model, until now, enjoys stable demand in Chinese user as reliable and unpretentious “working horse”.
With the similar price of Rich New it will for sure interest Russians, because the contemporary Japanese pick-ups of steel by excessively expensive.
Rich New is equipped with two engines to the selection: by benzine 2.4 l (137 hp) or turbodizelem 2.5 l (116 hp).
Gearbox - only mechanics, drive - to the rear wheels, but is modifications, also, with the rigidly connected “front”.
There will be on the stand of Dongfeng new flag sedan of A9, it Russian to Premier the representation of Chinese firm announced still in June.
Minvenopodobnykh krossverov on the Chinese market it becomes increasingly more, some of the last novelties - Cowin V3 and SWM X7.
At present the Russian rule of Dongfeng consists of two models: sedan of S30 and khetchbeka H30 of Cross.
In seven months of this year the dealers of Chinese firm realized in our country 696 machines.
Notices to the transport tax will cease to send by mail - site after the control www.zr.ru
Tax inspection changed the order of the distribution of information about the property taxes.
All Russian auto-owners became accustomed to the not changed by years diagram: in summer and in autumn they obtain by mail receipts to the payment of transport tax in the previous year.
However, in this year many will not wait for them.
The fact is that the tax inspection without excess noise changed the order of the information of citizens.
That, who is registered in “personal office of taxpayer” on the official site of department nalog.ru, notice they will arrive in the electronic form.
In the inspection they automatically considered such Russians as online-users and crossed them out from the standard, “paper” distribution.
Innovation will touch all owners of vehicles and real estate.
Everything else will as before obtain customary letters.
However, the opportunity to return to the old diagram exists and in the possessors of account on the site.
For this to them it is necessary during August to visit the department of tax service and to write statement.
From one side, new order is more contemporary and more convenient.
Information will appear in “personal office” immediately after composition, whereas letter will go several days and it can completely be mislaid.
In addition a quantity of users of Internet-Service tax inspection exceeded 18 million people, which will allow department serious to save on the post distribution.
From the other side, the modest news on the site of inspection - this is clearly insufficient for the information of citizens about the changed order.
Some could be registered in “personal office” for obtaining the edinorazovoy service and have long ago they forgotten about this.
These people will not wait for notices by mail and, themselves that without knowing, they will fall into the category of nonpayers with all ensuing consequences.
Access to “personal office of taxpayer” is effected by three methods: through the account of portal gosuslugi.ru, with the aid of the electronic signature or introduction of login and password, indicated in the registration map.
The latter can be obtained personally in any department of the tax inspection (independent of the place of setting to the calculation).
We recall that in the present year the transport tax must be paid until December 1.
The distribution of information began in July.
Tyuningovyy Mercedes-Benz of the G-class, in which the modifications are directed toward the achievement of very high return, thing in itself.
But questionable concept did not confuse the masters of the company G-Power, which undertook the modification of sportversii Mercedes-AMG G 63.
G-Power is noted for its predilection to the automobiles of BMW, but nothing human to its masters not is alien.
Actually, why not to improve G 63 - the 571-strong flying sledge hammer with aerodynamics of tank and acceleration to hundred for 5.4 s?
Pumping “the muscles” of mad “gel particle”, masters used the advantages, which open 5,5 - liter supercharger “eight”.
But here the dynamics of acceleration to hundred was improved to those not distinguished 0.1 s, and the now flying “brick” was capable to the jerk for 5.3 s.
However, accelerations from the average speeds are for sure given to it noticeably better.
The ceiling of speed frightens: if standard G 63 more rapid than 210 km/h does not drive, then tyuningovyy vsedorozhnik with the deactivated electronic “collar” is capable to squeeze out 250 km/h.
Outside automobile in practice not distinguished from its plant ultimate source, with exception of other wheel disks - 23-inch Hurricane RR by the dimensionality of 305/35 ZR 23.
The Lyuksovoe subdivision of Mercedes-Maybach announced the striking conceptual sleeping compartment with the length of 6 m, which they will present within the framework of the competition of elegance into the Pebbl-whip.
The company of Mercedes-Benz intends to compete with “green sub-brand” of BMW i and it will move its electric analogues under the separate trade mark.
Within the next few years is expected appearance the minimum of four green novelties.
