28-year-old chef found dead in San Francisco shopping centre
the 28-year-old chef, who has recently moved to San Francisco, was found dead in the stairwell of a local shopping centre this week.
However, the victim's brother says he can't imagine anyone who would wish to cause him pain, noting: "Finally he went on the lad."
- The body, found in Westfield mall on Wednesday morning, was identified as 28-year-old San Francisco resident Frank Galicia, "reported the Bureau of forensic medical examination of San Francisco.
The San Francisco Police Department reports that the death was classified as murder and the investigation is ongoing.
The victim's brother, Luis Galicia, told ABC TV channel KGO in San Francisco that Frank, the last chef of the distribution line in Boston, got his dream job as a chef at a restaurant in San Francisco's Sons &Amp; Daughters six months ago.
A spokesman for Sons &Amp; Daughters said they were "shocked and overwhelmed" by his death.
"We're a small team that works as a friendly family and it will be very scarce," said a spokesman.
Our thoughts and condolences to the family and friends of Frank in this difficult period.
Luis Galicia said that Frank first stayed in hostels, but lately "finally he went to the lad."
"He found the apartment, he met the girl," Luis Galicia told KGO.
Luis Galicia said he could not imagine anyone who would wish to hurt his younger brother.
He had a good soul and a big heart.
His connection with his family was always a way to cook us a dish to prepare us for dinner, "said Luis Galicia.
He never wanted to be complicit in any quarrel.
He was a brother who was sailing on the flow.
"With everything bad that happens to this world, it was the neogranien diamond that shined brightly every day," he said.
Anyone who has information is asked to call the Hotline SFPD on number 415-575-4444.
Churkin said that the UN Security Council meeting on Crimea was useful.
Russia's permanent representative to the UN Vitaly Churkin said that the past session of the UN Security Council on Crimea was useful, Interfax reported.
"I think the discussion was useful for us and we provided them with information about what happened," Churkin said.
He explained that the closed Security Council consultations he presented to member states for information about incidents in the territory of the Republic of Crimea and read out a statement of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation, in which "expressed concern and outrage over the attempted attacks and sabotage on the territory of the Republic of Crimea."
Russia's men's team got to the final of the combined relay 4 for 100 meters.
Russia's men's team managed to reach the final combined 4 100 meters relay in swimming at the Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro.
Russians in the qualification presented Anton chupok, Yevgeny koptel, Alexander Sukhorukov and Grigory Tarasevich.
They sailed the distance for 3 minutes 32,95 seconds.
The Russians showed a sixth result.
In the preliminary round, the best time for Britons - 3 minutes 30,47 seconds.
The final will be held late in the evening on Saturday.
The Russian rapirist defeated the Americans and went through to the final of the tournament at Oi.
The Russian fencing team went out in the final team tournament at the Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro.
In the semifinals, Russian athletes beat the American team with a score of 45:41.
The final will take place at 00.30, the Russians will have to fight with the French team, which won the match with the Italians in the semi-finals with a score of 45:30.
The Russian Zelonijs came out in the 1/8 finals of the Olympiad
Russian Zelonijs Renata Saidov on Friday defeated Austrian Daniel allerstorfer in the 1/16 finals of the Olympic Games category over 100 kg, according to the website of the competition.
In one eighth final, Russians will meet with Brazilian Rafael Silva.
Two of the four gold medals at the Olympic Games in Russia brought exactly Zelonijs.
Beslan mudran became the best in weight category to 60 kg, Hassan halmurzaev - in the category of up to 81 kg.
At the moment the Russian national team takes a seventh place in the medal standings with 19 awards.
The size of Italy's public debt rose to record figures
The size of Italy's public debt in June 2016 exceeded 2.248 trillion euros.
The country's central bank said this amount is a historic high, RIA Novosti reported.
The previous negative record was set in May this year.
Then the national debt reached 2,228 trillion euros.
It is noted that during the first half of Italy's debt burden rose to 77.2 billion euros.
Earlier, it was reported that by the end of 2015, Italy's national debt amounted to 132,7% of the country's GDP.
Meanwhile, the Italian economy and finance minister Pier Carlo Padoan predicted the decline of this indicator in 2016 to 130,9%, and in 2018 - to 123,4% of GDP.
Payments from the airport received 141 victim of the terrorist attack at Domodedovo.
141 people received charitable payments from the fund "aviation," which was created by the management of the airport "Domodedovo" to help the victims of the terrorist attack in 2011, Interfax reported.
According to the airport's press secretary Alexander Vlasov, now two more claims are pending.
"On the part of the fund continued charitable payments to victims of terrorist attacks in 2011 and turns out to be a comprehensive assistance to address existing issues," added Vlasov, pointing out that specifically to facilitate interaction with victims was created by the foundation's website, which contains full information about the charity.
In 2011 at the arrival hall of foreign airlines Domodedovo, a suicide bomber triggered an explosive device.
The attack killed 37 people, another 172 suffered.
Scientists have found an animal that can live 500 years
The international group of biologists concluded that the most long-lived vertebrate animal is the Greenland shark, which can live for about 500 years, transmits RT.
Scientists carried out a radiocarbon analysis of the lens of the eye of 28 Greenland sharks.
The largest shark, the length of which exceeds five meters, may be from 272 to 512 years.
Biologists believe that an important role in the longevity of the shark plays low metabolism, which leads to slow development.
Greenland shark females reach sexual maturity only to 150 years.
Previously it was thought that the longer all vertebrate animals live "neighbour" sharks - bowhead whale.
The oldest specimen, known to scientists, was a little older than 210 years.
Putin has changed the composition of the Security Council of the Russian Federation.
Russian President Vladimir Putin issued a decree to make changes in the composition of the Security Council of the Russian Federation, the Kremlin's press service reported.
Earlier it was reported that Putin has dismissed the head of the presidential administration, Sergey Ivanov, his successor appointed Anton Vaino.
Ivanov will now work with the president's special representative on environmental protection, ecology and transport.
From the number of permanent members of the Security Council of the Russian Federation excluded zamecretary Rashid Nurgaliyev.
The council included Sergei Ivanov, Anton Vaino, president of the SFO, Sergey Menyaylo and plenipotentiary in NFD Nikolai Tsukanov.
Sergei Ivanov is released from the post of the head of the presidential administration.
President Sergey Ivanov is released from his position as head of the Kremlin administration.
Ivanov was appointed a special representative of the Russian Federation for environmental protection, ecology and transport.
The new head of administration appointed Anton Vaino, who previously held the post of deputy Sergei Ivanov.
According to Vladimir Putin, Ivanov himself asked him to transfer to another job.
Should I go to the sanatorium if there are no health problems?
Our expert is the chief physician of the sanatorium Olga Bogush.
And if a person is healthy, just tired from work, should he go to the sanatorium?
The spa resort is necessary not only for treatment, but also for disease prevention.
Under the conditions of the sanatorium man can check the condition of his body and get a doctor's recommendation like him to live so that his health will not deteriorate. "
Such recommendations will not be superfluous.
"Just tired from work" is an important signal of the organism, it should not be wished away.
Permanent stress, mental and physical fatigue can lead to depression and chronic fatigue syndrome.
And the stress is about 90% of visitors.
And the most affected people from big cities between the ages of 45 to 55 years.
So it is better not to complicate the situation and give yourself time to rest.
Studies show that 98% of people reduce their biological age during their stay in the sanatorium.
Modern sanatoriums offer comfortable rest for the whole family.
So if you want to spend your holidays with children, you do not have to be separated from them.
For children, even the smallest, there are health programs, which include both diagnostic services, pediatrician, tests and treatment.
For example, swimming (in many resorts have children's pools), inhalation, special diet, massages, oxygen cocktails, therapeutic.
The course of procedures determines the doctor taking into account individual testimony and peculiarities of the growing body.
In addition, the sanatorium usually runs a children's club with animator, where children can attend game classes, different master classes.
Some resorts are opening their doors, even for guests with babies, provide the necessary conditions and provide the services of an experienced baby sitter.
The mild winter, long summer, plenty of sunny days a year (more than 300) create good conditions for year-round recreation at the resorts of Caucasian mineral waters.
And then the body needs rest not only in the summer.
So you should not be afraid of the weather outside the window, especially as most of the procedures are carried out in a room and do not depend on the season.
Generally a spa treatment is desirable to spend twice a year, especially older people.
The main chip in the region of the Caucasus mineral waters, of course, healing mineral springs: Slavyanovsky, Smirnovsky, Kislovodsk, Narzan.
Their waters have unique properties and influence the various systems of the body.
Water varies according to the temperature, the amount of salt, total mineralization, chemical and gas composition.
The doctor selects the water depending on the patient's well-being.
So, "Narzan" has an anti-inflammatory, immunomodulatory action, restores the functions of the gastrointestinal tract and metabolism.
"Essentuki-4" affects the gastrointestinal tract, reduces the level of sugar.
"Essentuki new" has an anti-inflammatory, gelchegon and diuretic effect.
It has the same effect and the water is "v."
With the appointment of water, the doctor will necessarily take into account the state of the cardiovascular system.
If there are signs of hypertension, he selects a less salty water, because salt detain fluid, which leads to increased pressure.
The acceptance of mineral water requires compliance with the regime: water should be drinking at a certain time, in the right quantity and specific temperature.
It is now available in sanatoriums and various cosmetic procedures for face and body.
What kind of recovery, based on the natural features of the Northern Caucasus, can be obtained at the resorts in the region?
Near Pyatigorsk, for example, there is a salty Lake Tambukan, silt mud from which is useful for joints, spine, internal organs.
It provides anti-inflammatory, dissolve, immunomodulatory action.
This is a wellness walk on individually drawn routes.
They are especially popular in Kislovodsk, where there is a huge resort park (the second largest in Europe).
Popular in Kislovodsk, which is in close proximity to the mineral springs "Narzan."
There you can also take wine bath, pearl, diagnostic, selenium, Sage lacrically, depending on what you will appoint a doctor.
Agricultural renew.
What to do to make the harvest go until the end of the season?
Says Julia belopukhov, an agronomist and a dachnitsa.
Tall tomato is time to arrange a haircut: remove the new stepchildren, cut top, remove all the leaves until the penultimate brushes with fruits and buds with small ovary - will not have much time to ripen.
All tomatoes regardless of the "constitution," as well as peppers and eggplants feed sulfated% hoods, handle biopreparations (dozrevatel - to accelerate the growth of oil and fruit, phytosporin M, phytolavin, gamair, bactofit - from disease, immunocytofit - to boost immunity, Bitoxibacillin, Lepidocid, Avermectin - if there are pests).
From chemical agents at the end of the summer is to use only copper sulfate, colloidal sulfur and green soap.
We make the last watering plants.
Dlinnetoplist cucumbers in Teplice prispuskaitė with tapestry to appearance, the lower part of the stem (25-40 cm) fell to the ground, warm water and zircon mortar, stem 5-7 inches of compost.
To prolong the agricultural zucchini is also simple: cut old leaves, shed warm water and an integrated fertilizer solution, takes the fertile soil under a shrub.
To protect from the night cold, set above the kitchen of the arc with ukryvnoy material.
Keep the plants open and closed after sunset.
The signs of the end.
What indicates that Russia comes out of the crisis?
Economists saw signs of a Russian withdrawal from the longest recession in the past twenty years.
According to analysts surveyed by Bloomberg, the Russian GDP is demonstrating positive dynamics - in the second quarter, GDP fell by 0.8% in annual terms.
This indicator is minimal since the beginning of 2015.
According to the latest data from Rosstat, the decline of the Russian economy in the second quarter slowed to 0.6 percent.
To stabilize the situation recently also said the central bank and the Ministry of economic development.
It is a slow growth ahead.
According to CBR experts, the recession in the Russian economy has remained in the past.
"The index score of Russian GDP suggests that the recession was left behind and ahead - the slow growth of the economy," according to the Bulletin of the Bank of Russia, "said trends."
Modular GDP estimate for the current quarter of the regulator raised to 0.4%, the estimate for the fourth quarter is 0.5%.
According to a representative of the Ministry of economic development, during the second quarter, the decline of the Russian GDP stalled in the second quarter, up 0.2%.
In the second quarter, seasonally cleared GDP decline was 0.2% for the previous quarter.
But the decline has stopped during the quarter: in April he made up 0.2%, and in May and June, the change in GDP was within 0-0,15, "RIA NOVOSTI QUOTED A REPRESENTATIVE OF THE MAYOR of" news ."
The slowdown in the rate of decline of the Russian economy over the last five quarters suggests that "the bottom."
Among other markers, pointing to signs of reviving the national economy, Bloomberg calls a growth in demand for electricity and rail transportation, business recovery.
If the amendment made that leap year, it is clear that the dynamics in plus 1% of electricity consumption may be half due to the extra working day.
Add to that a lower average annual temperature in the first quarter.
The next argument is the growth in freight transport, but here it is difficult to get accurate data, and plus or minus 0.5% semiannual volume can also be explained by seasonality, "said Kirill Yakovenko from ALOR BROKER.
However, there are other, more obvious signs of stabilization of the Russian economy.
For example, a reduction in price pressures.
In July, the consumer price index was 7.2 percent compared to 15.6 percent in the same month last year.
Moreover, the last two weeks Rosstat fixes deflation.
Prices in Russia have declined for the first time in five years.
If you look at the dynamics of the ruble, which, though, showed strong fluctuations in the beginning of the year, at the end of August, strengthened by 12% since the beginning of the year.
This is one of the signs of recovery, which should go to indicators of the real sector of the economy, "Yakovenko said.
In addition, since April there has been a growth in the volume of industrial production.
In June, the figure rose 1.7 percent.
Slowing the rate of decline of foreign trade turnover with - 32.8% in January 2016 to - 20.7% in May.
The positive dynamics also demonstrates the situation on the labour market, where the unemployment rate fell to 5.4%.
Below it was only in September 2015 (5.2%).
Despite the successful situation on the labour market, the issue with the real incomes of the population have left much to be desired.
In annual terms, the index declines by 4.8%.
This factor may hinder economic recovery, as household spending is making a significant contribution to GDP.
As a rule, in the structure of the economy, their share exceeds 50%.
In addition to low consumer activity, as a risk factor for economic growth can also be called a tough policy of the Bank of Russia.
The regulator keeps the rate at 10.5%, which is not the best way to affect the real sector.
A negative factor is not a high level of investment that is holding back the development of the industrial potential.
But on the whole, one can assume that by the end of the year, the rate of decline in the Russian economy will slow down to - 0.5% - 3.7% in 2015, "says analyst CC Forex Club Irina Rogov.
The process of naturalization of athletes, recently launched in the Russian football and perfectly prijivaetsya in winter sports at the Olympic Games in Sochi, while not actively developed in the summer sports.
If in the Olympic Games in Rio for Russia and are former foreigners, in most cases we are talking about native countries - the former republics of the Soviet Union.
But in Rio de Janeiro, we can observe the reverse process - quite a large number of Russians stand under the flags of other nations.
In each case, the history of a change of nationality is different.
Some parents were taken to another country even in childhood, leaving no choice.
Someone did not survive the competition for a place in the Russian national team.
And someone has calculated that abroad will create the best conditions for the development of the sport.
"Aif.ru" has found at least 16 athletes who have decided to change their Russian citizenship.
In the German passport 27-year-old girl wrote that her name is Lisa red.
But earlier it was, of course, Elizabeth.
She was born in 1988 in the city of Omsk.
Just four years after the Soviet Union collapsed, Lisa's parents decided to emigrate to Germany.
The girl had no choice.
There, she decided to go in the footsteps of her older sister - to do athletics.
Just like his sister, Lisa chose the pole vault.
In Russia, it is unlikely to be able to "move down from the throne" Her.
Unfortunately, at the Olympic Games in Rio Lisa will be the only one of our Samailovna, though the former, in the sector for jumping to the pole.
Her best achievements in the sport - the 2010 European Championship bronze and silver of the continental championship in 2016, which she won again in Her absence.
29-year-old Elena pies was born in Novokuznetsk in 1986.
Her parents are religious propagandists of evangelical direction.
Largely because of their faith they left in the US when the girl was just three years old.
In addition to Elena, another eight children grew in the family.
They all lived in the small town of Greenfield in Massachusetts.
Lena began to pursue the struggle still in school.
Showing good results, she moved to the city of Colorado Springs, where the U.S. combat training center continued to work under the guidance of another former Russians Vladislav izboynikov.
At the 2012 Olympic Games in London, Elena lost in his first fight.
But at the World Cup in the same year - victory.
Before that, she, by the way, had managed to win silver at the World Championship in 2010.
After that, there were bronze in 2013 and silver of 2014.
26-year-old Maria was born in the city of Yaroslavl, where for the first time and met synchronous swimming.
But to say that her educate our coaches in Russia would be wrong.
Soon, the girl's family decided to emigrate to the United States and settled in the city of Colorado.
There, Maria continued her classes.
Soon she had already entered the U.S. national team and showed excellent results at the Pan American Games.
It's understandable that a serious international level Russian synchronist it cannot create competition, but for America its indicators - the ceiling.
The new name, which sounds strange in Russian, Christina shaldybina received 11 years old when her parents decided to continue the girl's rhythmic gymnastics training overseas.
Until that moment, the girl was engaged in a favorite sport in the hometown of Yaroslavl.
Emigrating to the United States, she quickly entered the country's youth team, and later broke into the main national team.
At the Pan American Games 19-year-old Kristen won gold and silver.
For the first position on the world stage, of course, she did not have to fight, but for the United States, she organized a real breakthrough - withdrew the striped team at the Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro.
Another one of our former "artist" - Jana berezki Margrander, who speaks for the German national team.
Jana was born in Togliatti.
In 2008, when the girl was 13, the family decided to move to Germany - where the girls had more prospects to get into the national team.
Soon she was already representing his country at the 2012 Olympic Games in London.
There, though, Jana was able to take only 17 place, insufficient for hitting the final competition in the personal championship.
But for two years before that, she has managed to win a bronze medal of the Olympic Games - youth.
Another gymnast, only this time the sport - Irina Sazonova.
If the path of emigration of the previously mentioned athletes can be described as standard, the choice of Irina's family is very unusual - Iceland.
The IRA is a pupil of the Volgograd sports school.
Naturally, in Iceland, she immediately became the country's champion.
The truth is that the IRA still train in Russia - specifically comes home to not lose mastery.
In Rio, she was not as successful as she would like.
The best place is 40 in a personal all-around.
Information about the swimmer Maria ugolkova in the Russian information space is very little.
For a very long time Maria lives and trains in Switzerland.
But for a long time she performed under the Russian flag, showing good results - was even the country's record at a distance of 200 metres butterfly.
In 2015, she received Swiss citizenship and began to perform under the red and white flag.
In Rio, her best performance is the 14th place in the complex 4 × 100.
To get to the games, the girl launched a crowdfunding project, which was able to collect about six thousand francs, which allowed her to pay for the preparation for the Olympic Games.
the 31-year-old freestyle wrestler Adam Batirov spent almost his entire career under the Russian flag.
During that time, the native of Khasavyurt managed to become a three-time winner of the European Championships, the champion of Russia, Russian sports master of international class.
When he stopped being caught in our national team, it's time to start thinking about a change of citizenship.
For several years, the talented wrestler disappeared from the sports ground.
The triumphant return was held at the Asian Championships in 2016 - Batirov already represented by Bahrain, which won a gold medal and received a trip to the Olympics in Rio.
About another former Russians, Mikhail Koudinov, at home is even less known than even the Swiss swimmer Maria leaping.
The point is that his parents emigrated from Vladivostok to New Zealand when the boy was quite small.
It was there that Michael and started doing gymnastics.
Great success at international level, he did not achieve.
In Rio, his best result was a 40 place in qualifying on parallel bars.
But for New Zealand, even hit the Olympic Games in gymnastics is already a breakthrough.
When Nastya, born in Moscow in 1985, was just 9 years old, her family emigrated to Israel.
There, the girl continued their simultaneous swimming lessons, showing high results at the national level.
In 2014 at the European Championships in Berlin, the girl took the 6th place in synchronized swimming.
In the duet with Eugenia Tetelbaum Anastasia took eighth place.
She was fifth in the solo program.
Like Anastasia, 23-year-old Dmitry Kroyter stands for the national team.
When the boy was just 6 years old, his mother made the decision to repatriate to Israel.
In 2009, at the age of 17, Dmitry already became the champion of the country.
In the same year, he won the youth World Cup.
A year later, Kroyter wins and the gold of the Youth Olympic Games in Singapore.
Besides jumping in height, Dmitry is engaged in the long jump and triple jump.
31-year-old Albert - another native of Khasavyurt, who after long speeches for Russia has decided to change his sports citizenship.
However, unlike Batirov, Albert chose Romania, which will be represented in Rio.
In Russia, he played for high school sports skill in Krasnoyarsk, in 2011, even becoming the country's champion.
28-year-old Oleg Antonov was born in Moscow to a family of the Soviet national team volleyball player Yaroslav Antonov.
Literally a year before the birth of son Yaroslav was recognized as the best volleybalist planet.
Soon, he decided to continue his career in Italy.
There the same family and remained for permanent residence.
In 2015, as part of the national team, he became a bronze medal winner of the European Championship, held in the territory of his new homeland.
Hadjiev was born in Chechnya in 1994 and got together with his family in the midst of war.
Ten years later, parents decided to emigrate.
The original goal was Norway, but in this northern country have failed - had to go to France, in Nice.
There, Zelimkhan continued to learn freestyle wrestling.
Soon he won the World Junior Championship, and later qualify for participation in the Olympic Games.
In Rio, he will be the only representative of France in the wrestling tournament.
And again the wrestling, and again the former Russians.
This time it will be about a native of North Ossetia, who emigrated to Spain, "about Taimuraz friev.
At the end of December 2012 he was granted Spanish citizenship, and he currently stands for the country's national team.
Before that, though, the 30-year-old athlete managed to mark the high results and in Russia.
He became the bronze medal winner of the 2007 and 2008 championships.
A charter from the player in the national team, Taimuraz took the decision to change sports citizenship.
The last on our list is the Chechen boxer, who was born in 1995 in Dagestan's capital Makhachkala, - Arthur biarslanov.
When the boy was ten years old, parents had taken the family through Azerbaijan to Canada.
There, Arthur on the advice of his older brother began to do boxing.
Since then, Arthur became the champion of Canada three times, and in 2012 became the world champion among young people.
In 2015 biarslan won gold at the Pan American Games, the first for his new homeland since 1975.
The head of the Russian presidential administration Anton Vaino.
On Friday, August 12, Vladimir Putin appointed Anton Vaino head of the Russian presidential administration.
Earlier, Sergei Ivanov held this position.
"The head of state has appointed his decree Anton Vaino, head of the administration of the president of the Russian Federation, releasing him from his post," said a decree signed by Putin and published on the Kremlin's website.
Since May 2012, Vaino was deputy head of the presidential administration.
Anton Vaino was born on February 17, 1972 in Tallinn.
Father - Eduard Vaino, chairman of the Business Council of Cuba, Russia in the Chamber of Commerce of the Russian Federation and vice president for external relations and cooperation with shareholders "AvtoVaz."
The grandfather - Carl Vaino - s1978 year in 1988, the first secretary of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of Estonia.
In 1996 he graduated from the Moscow State Institute of International Relations of the Russian Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Department of International Relations.
From 1996 to 2001, he worked at the Russian embassy in Japan, then in the second Asian department of the Russian Ministry of Foreign Affairs.
From 2002 to 2004, he held various positions in the office of the president of the Russian Federation.
From 2004 to 2007 - deputy chief of protocolo organizational management of the president of the Russian Federation.
From 2007 to 2007 - first deputy chief of protocol of the president of the Russian Federation.
From October 2007 to April 2008 - deputy head of the government of the Russian Federation.
On April 25, 2008, he was appointed head of the protocol, the chairman of the government of the Russian Federation, deputy Head Of The Government of the Russian Federation.
December 27, 2011 - Minister of the Russian Federation - head of the government of the Russian Federation.
On May 22, 2012, he was appointed deputy head of the presidential administration.
He is fluent in English and Japanese.
Valid state advisor of the RF 1 class (class rank assigned By The Decree Of The President of the Russian Federation of January 22, 2008) 
Honour of the president of the Russian Federation (February 16, 2012) for merit in ensuring the activities of the government of the Russian Federation and many years of honest work.
Thanks to the president of the Russian Federation (November 24, 2005) for merit in preparing and carrying out ceremonial events dedicated to the 60th anniversary of the victory in the Great Patriotic War.
He is married and has a son.
Why are the children of Cossack classes in schools?
According to Governor V. Kondratiev, "kazachonok need to educate not shares and parades, and systematically."
They should grow up and at least 7 years to understand that they are Cossacks and education should be Cossack.
But while this work, it seems to me, is being formally and, I suspect, more on paper.
If the Cossack classes to absorb everything positive that accumulated earlier, at a qualitatively new level, I will be happy.
If all diplomatic and Neznamo like, a new idea will turn to cheap populism.
Utilities continues to be one of the most criminal sectors of the country's economy.
There are posyagatel funds allocated to the needs of communal areas from the budgets of different levels.
According to the prosecutor general's office, the inflated rates are one of the most common crimes in the housing sector.
As a result, consumers in the region overpaid energy more than 170 million rubles.
The other day and the prosecutor's office of the Krasnodar region revealed facts of inclusion in tariffs of unreasonable costs.
And the costs of LLC "Yves consulting" (an cold water) were laid by 4 million rubles on rental cars at a price above the market.
And such examples in the country of mass.
People give for "communalka" the last money, and pays regularly, "according to the Ministry of the Russian Federation, the average collection of payments from a population of 94%.
He is accused in several articles of the criminal code: waste, legalization of income derived from crime, abuse of authority, etc.
According to the investigation, as the head of the fund, which was involved in the repair of urban objects, Makarov concluded agreements with entrepreneurs, he actually performed no work, but paid.
Businessmen just returned him most of the money.
And as the owner of the criminal code, Makarov was collecting money from the population, but service providers do not pay and spend them on their needs.
As a result of the damage to the budget and residents - millions of rubles.
Makarov machinations scheme, alas, is typical for Russia.
Across the country, there is a whole wave of arrests and detentions of leaders of the criminal code that appropriated money to citizens.
The trial continues in Kamchatka A. Kochan, by the way, is also a former member of the city council, who is accused of fraud at 91.7 million rubles.
According to the investigation, in 2012/13 in Yelizovo Kamchatka region he established 6 management companies and created 3 societies with limited liability.
One of them was used for criminal contractual work, two others played the role of cash centers, took money from the population.
However, the power producers A. Kochan did not enumerate, and spent money on themselves, the beloved.
To sue in the field of utilities is quite difficult.
Things are not excited, dragged out.
And "help" in this extremely confusing housing legislation, "said Svetlana razvorotnev, executive director of NP" utilities control ."
We do not have enough time to earn one law as we invent a new one that should make the previous work.
Specialists, including among the judges, on the issues of housing, too little.
The lawyers admit that the housing law in universities is paid very little attention.
Failure to initiate criminal cases, talking about the hassle during the investigation and the general prosecutor's office.
From being in production in 2015 3.5 thousand crimes in court sent less than half.
The rest of the investigation took a protracted nature, and every fifth suspended in connection with nonestablishment the accused person.
Often the shortcomings in the activities of law enforcement agencies are written on the gaps in the current legislation.
The law is, but the organs of the inquiry are not in a hurry to excite and investigate such cases.
In the second half of 2015, there were about 230 reports of counterfeits - only 60 criminal cases have been filed.
Within 5 months of the current year, their number has increased only slightly - 99.
And what is the falsification of the protocol of the meeting of the residents?
This means: a change of control of the house, financial and other issues are going to bypass the opinions of owners.
Still, it means that the housing market utilities cannot break normal companies that want to work honestly, and not to "milk" the population.
It turns out, the tenants in the minus, small and medium business, too.
Primarily due to the eradication of corruption as such throughout the state, "says Anton Zharkov, a member of the State Duma Committee on the property.
And now this work is actively underway.
It's not just a single action is focused on the fight against corruption.
Of course, not all regions are such a sad situation.
In particular, in the capital scandal and does not smell.
Why in Moscow there are no such scandals in the housing sector, as in many other regions?
Yes because the metropolitan government has an iron will to impose order, "told" AIF "Anatoly elected, a member of the State Duma committee for security and combating corruption.
I mean the personnel issue and legislative amendments, and legal education.
For managing companies installed closer supervision, and all of them have passed through licensing.
Citizens complaints promptly resolved in a public space (and the treatment of tenants, and response measures placed on the portal of the government of Moscow).
Many do not simply pay monthly receipts, and carefully monitor what is written there, as is the house.
Awareness among the population about the rights of owners and a commitment to service and managing organizations is very high.
Plus, Moscow will check the validity of tariffs on housing and public services, because a large part of the budget funds goes on subsidies and benefits for many categories of the population.
Probably all this together and explains the calm situation in Moscow.
It turns out that everything rests in the will of the regional authorities?
Maybe bezvolny cost to change the place of work?
The Turkish gambit.
Whether Erdogan will give up friendship with the EU and the US?
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan has put forward the US ultimatum by offering to make a choice between Turkey and Fethullah Gulen, an Islamic preacher accused of organizing a coup.
He stated this, speaking to his supporters in Ankara.
Erdogan urged Americans to abandon support for the "terrorist organization of Fethullahist."
This is not the first statement from Turkey, which is calling for the United States to change its position.
Experts believe that the split in Turkey's relations with the West is increasingly growing and could lead to a new attempt to shift power in the country.
"Sooner or later, America will make a choice between Turkey and the isothermic (" terrorist organization Fethullahist ").
Either organising a coup - or a democratic Turkey.
She has to make that choice, "Anatolian agency quoted Erdogan's appeal, made on Wednesday evening in Ankara.
The president of Turkey once again, but already tougher demanded from the United States to meet its requirement, announced by them for the first time immediately after the suppression of the rebellion.
Recall that on the night of July 16 in Turkey high-ranking representatives of the Turkish army attempted to overthrow the legitimate authority in the country, as well as an assassination attempt on the life of a head of state.
However, after Recep Erdogan made an appeal to the population, the rebellion was suppressed, and its organizers and participants are arrested.
Only about 8 thousand people came under suspicion in the ranks of which, apart from the military, were teachers and scientists.
According to Recep Erdogan, their mentor was Fethullah Gulen, who lives in Pennsylvania in the US.
Erdogan's supporters also admitted that in the gosperevorot could be complicit and directly to the Americans.
The US has denied all claims in his address, refusing to extradite Gulen and advised to change the tone.
The latest statement from the State Department said at the time of Erdogan's visit to St Petersburg last Tuesday.
However, this does not stop the President of Turkey - that stubbornly insists on its own and also sets requirements for others to its Western partners.
"Ankara will cease to fulfil its obligations under the migration agreement with the European Union if Brussels does not name the date of the abolition of visa restrictions for Turkish citizens," it said on August 9, Turkey's EU Affairs Minister Omer Celik.
According to him, the introduction of Ankara changes to anti-terrorism law, as required by the EU, would jeopardize Europe's own security.
It should be noted that on August 1, Germany's Vice Chancellor Sigmar Gabriel called for Turkey to stop blackmail the EU promises to open its borders to migrants, in order to facilitate the visa regime with the EU.
His words came in response to a statement by the Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu.
Another provocative statement Cavusoglu made last Wednesday, having admitted that Turkey could withdraw from NATO.
The head of the Turkish foreign ministry did not rule out that the country will consider the possibility of an exit from the alliance if it does not meet the expected support from him.
The decision to increase cooperation with Russia in the defense sector is not a step against NATO.
NATO countries are collaborating with foreign states in the defense sector, "delivering the missiles," Cavusoglu said in an interview with the news agency Anadolu.
He said that Turkey now needs to create its own defense system based on its technology, and to cooperate with other countries.
"Turkey has so far sought to cooperate with NATO members, but we are not satisfied with the results, and we began to look for others," the minister said.
Experts believe that all this talks about Turkey's serious differences with the West and the reorientation of the country to the east.
Deputy head of the International Institute of Political Expertise Eugene believes that Recep Erdogan now leads his game and cannot go on a tough confrontation with the West.
He has a lot of time on the West and from a business point of view, and from the point of view of the military (Turkey is a member of NATO), so I think that Erdogan will try to balance, keeping the framework of relations with the West.
Though, of course, it would be easier for Americans to see completely obedient person in that post, "explained Aif.ru expert.
According to him, it is not impossible that the Turkish leader's statements (about the non-payment of EU compensation, the requirement of visa-free space with Europe and Gulen's extradition from the US) will put pressure on him.
"Recep Erdogan will face deteriorating relations with America, and with the European Union, and they will pressure him precisely on humanitarian issues, for the dictatorial methods of governance of the country and so on," he said.
The head of the Center for Political Information, Alexei Mukhin admits that the Turkish president will change his point of view in relations with Russia as soon as it becomes profitable.
Eight months ago, Erdogan held a very tough stance toward Russia and all ways to seek favour in the West.
For a very short time, the situation has changed in the opposite direction.
Guarantees that, after a while, the president of Turkey again will not change their priorities, no.
I think Erdogan has entered a period of shuttle diplomacy.
Caught between two poles - The West and Russia, he will try to get the maximum benefit for himself, "says Mukhin.
In his view, the main challenge for the president of Turkey today is to retain political power in the country, and for this he needs Russia and partner relations with Vladimir Putin, the US stopped supporting Gulen.
Turkey needs both the EU and the US, who use it to control the situation in Syria and the Middle East.
So the consensus with Turkey will be reached, "the expert said.
Another point of view is the head of the Center for Asia and the Middle East, Anna Glazov.
Now Turkey's relations with the EU, and with the US is quite tense, but this is primarily associated with domestic politics, which conducts Erdogan personally.
I think that this crisis will deepen, and against the backdrop of this crisis, the Turkish leadership will try to reset policy both in the Middle East and in relations with Russia.
Not coincidentally, the president of Turkey, as well as a number of Turkish politicians claim that they are willing to change their position on a range of questions on Syria to settle relations with Israel, is an active political engagement with Iran, "explained Aif.ru Carlino, admitting that Erdogan's next step will be a normalization of relations with Egypt.
She said the policy, which now holds Erdogan, is a return to the foreign policy concept, which followed Turkey before the start of the Arab revolutions.
"It was then on the positions of" zero problems with neighbors "Turkey began to actively develop its relations with the Middle East and the Asian region.
Now the president of Turkey held a very successful visit to Russia and the countries of Africa.
That's why this vector of foreign policy will evolve and help to strengthen Turkey's position on both regional and international arena, "the expert said.
Carlino believes that Turkey's return to the previous relationship with the EU will be incredibly difficult, the question now is whether the EU will start to respond firmly to Turkey, which could go to opening the borders to migrants and create serious problems for Europe.
Junior doctors' strike: Call for new collective protests
Representatives of junior doctors approached the union with a request to authorize new collective protests in their dispute over a new labor contract.
The junior doctors' committee (№83) of the British Medical Association (BMA) is going to ask its full council to support more collective protests since the beginning of September.
№83 Says the minister has failed to respond to questions about the employment contract.
Junior doctors and medical students in July voted for the abolition of a deal on a labor contract agreed with the BMA.
She was rejected by 58 percent of its members who participated in the secret ballot.
In a letter to members, published on Twitter on Thursday evening, the chairman of the №83 Helen McCourt said the government continued "stubbornly silent" about the problems that, as she said, led to the rejection of the labor contract.
She said: "Given the current environment, the head of the №83 voted to reject the proposed new labor agreement in full and called for official repeated negotiations on all of your questions."
In response to the silence of the government leader №83 today made an official request for an extraordinary meeting of the BMA Council to approve a continuous program to expand the collective protests since early September.
The dispute led to the fact that young doctors took part in six strikes this year, including the first general strike in the history of the National Health Service.
The leader of the BMA junior doctors, Dr. Joan Malavan, resigned after voting for the abolition of the agreed terms of the labor contract, which recommended the BMA.
He said members of the BMA, said the deal was a good one that should be taken, during meetings in the run-up to the vote of 54 000 junior doctors and medical students.
After the vote, Health Minister Jeremy Hunt said the labor contract will be used for medical workers in England.
Russia and Turkey: "Alliance bad"?
It was a gesture that ended the crisis.
The leaders of Russia and Turkey met on Tuesday to shake hands and declare a formal end to the eight-month war of words and economic sanctions.
But when Vladimir Putin welcomed his Turkish counterpart in the gilded hall of the Palace in St. Petersburg, I have the strong impression that Ankara wants this reconciliation more.
There was a handshake, yes.
But Mr Putin's smile looked strained and he hardly radiated heat even in his own restrained standards.
Recep Tayyip Erdogan, in contrast, spoke repeatedly about his "dear friend" Mr Putin - five times, according to one report.
I lost a score.
He also promised that relations with Russia will return not only to their pre-crisis level, but even higher.
The next day, one newspaper described the actions of Mr. Erdogan as if nothing bad has ever happened.
In my opinion, his enthusiasm assumed the opposite.
But the delayed coolness emanating from Mr. Putin, has shown that the Russian leader has not forgotten anything.
In fact, the cause of the crisis was the first that he mentioned in the introductory comments: Turkey shot down a Russian fighter jet on the Syrian border.
Moscow's reaction to this moment was furious.
Mr Putin broke angry tirade, accusing Ankara of hitting Moscow in the back.
Abuse was even stronger, proceeding from the alleged friend.
Restoring real confidence will be difficult, probably impossible.
Russian public opinion has also changed since November.
For months, the state-controlled media conducted an overwhelming, total offensive on Ankara.
Suddenly, it seemed that the Turks should be considered guilty at all.
The most serious were the accusations from senior management that Mr. Erdogan's own family to exploit the illegal oil trade from the areas of Syria controlled by the so-called Islamic State.
He denied it decisively.
But in St. Petersburg received an official signal that it was time to move on.
After all, this meeting occurred only because Mr. Putin received an apology that he demanded from President Erdogan.
Russia could claim victory of its kind.
For Ankara the advantages of declaring a truce are clear.
First of all, Erdogan needs all the friends he can get after he was nearly ousted from his post last month when attempting a coup.
Repeated terrorist attacks on Turkey clearly shocked him too.
There is also an economic reason.
Russian sanctions hit - especially a ban on charter flights that normally bring several million Russian tourists on the Turkish coast every year.
The number has plummeted by almost 90 percent.
As for Russia, tour operators and charter companies here, of course, will feel relief when flights will finally resume.
They put a peak at the end of the season on the Mediterranean Sea.
And even this week, state television predicted cheaper fruit and vegetables as soon as Turkish imports of agricultural products will be allowed again.
"Tourists there, tomatoes back here," as was said in a report in the newspaper Vedomosti.
But the visit also had an additional political value for Moscow.
Ankara is evil on the West for what she considers a weak response to the coup attempt.
Add to that her protracted dissatisfaction with the snail's pace of talks on joining the EU and the step of Mr. Putin, who is seeking to take advantage of coolness and gradually destroy Turkey's ties with the West.
The Russian leader, of course, won the bonus points with Ankara for calling for the support of the elected authorities after the coup attempt.
Keep in mind, this is granted for Moscow, which has its own deeply entrenched fear of regime change.
So, the summit in this brilliant palace on the sea coast has allowed Russia and Turkey to imagine what one analyst described to me as "an alliance of bad": the two countries that feel rejected and humiliated by the West, are joining forces.
Yet, despite the public showing of reconciliation, the two still have significant differences.
The key is Syria, where Moscow has recently positioned itself as a peacemaker, but where Russia and Turkey support opposing sides.
Perhaps speaks for itself that, after nearly three hours of initial negotiations, while the two presidents gave a press conference, they have not even touched on the subject.
The Turkish president has deliberately avoided answering a question about their differences, while Mr Putin chose to focus on them.
There is no clear consensus on how they can find a common language on Syria.
But after months of open hostility - and taking into account the possibility of a complete catastrophe when a member of NATO, Turkey shot down a Russian jet fighter - surely it is better that the two leaders are at least talking again.
Royal Bank of Scotland will disappear for customers outside Scotland
The RBS brand should be reduced to the role of the back-office, according to the bank's executive director.
The Royal Bank of Scotland will disappear for customers outside Scotland.
Ross McEwan told BBC Scotland that the RBS brand was linked to the bank's global ambitions.
The bank has stepped back from them since it nearly collapsed eight years ago and it needed to be rescued.
During this period the brand strategists used "RBS" to protect other brands of consumer lending.
He was supported by millions of pounds in sponsorship of international sport, from the Cup Six Nations rugby before the Wimbledon champion Andy Murray.
But now it has been decided that the right to allow more national brands to come to the fore.
The Royal Bank of Scotland will be used with Scottish customers but will not be launched.
In England and Wales, all references to RBS, including the external head office and the stock exchange, will be changed to NatWest.
Brand Street bank is already used for customers in the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland.
There are other, smaller brands for banking services to individuals who will gain more influence - Coutts, Adam & Co, Drummond and Holt's Military Bank.
Mr McEwan gave an interview during a tour of customers and employees in invernessshir.
He told BBC Scotland: "The RBS brand will eventually become our investment brand and those that will be busy with our staff, because we are now becoming more bank brands."
Since the bank itself has become a global brand, RBS has become a global brand.
I now say that we no longer have global aspirations, we have local aspirations.
Each of these brands will represent something entirely different in their populations, and our staff will work with clients under these brands.
RBS has already said it will not be to continue its sponsorship of the Cup Six Nations, and he builds a profile of various brands of sponsoring sport.
"This is a good time for us to move the bank brands, as the basis (we asked ourselves) as we focus on improving the bank for customers?" the executive director said.
It would be very cynically three years ago if we were told that we were going to be a great bank for customers and would have closed all these brands.
But with the work that we did, focusing on the needs of customers, not on our own, I think you see a lot of changes.
We can bring back these brands again, so I think the time is right.
Franks Dettori reaches up to 3,000 winners with a victory at Newmarket on addiction
Dettori sprinkles champagne, after a double in Newmarket leads him to 3,000 wins
Jockey Franks Dettori has achieved his 3000-oy British victory at Newmarket on Friday.
He came to this outstanding mark with the help of his second winner of the night at his home track - on addiction, trained by John Gosden.
45-year-old Italian is the sixth jockey who has reached this outstanding mark in the smooth swings.
It follows Sir Gordon Richards, Doug Smith, Lestor Piggott, Pat idderi and Willie Carson.
A three-time champion jockey Dettori, who previously won at Ghayyar, said: "This is something special."
I'm very excited because my family is also here
I am very glad that this happened in Newmarket, as it was here I settled 30 years ago.
This is not a big secular event, this is not Royal Ascot is a regular Friday night with 20,000 people.
I'm free of affairs and very unpretentious.
Dettori takes the applause when the predisposition leads after the victory
Two jockey have reached such a mark in steeplechase racing: champion jockey Richard Johnson and retired 20x champion Sir Anthony McCoy, who had more than 4300 victories for a record-breaking career.
Lester Piggott, the nine-time winner of the Derby, 4493 victory in career
Franks is one of the best jockey of the modern era, and it is no wonder that it has reached the point that so few reached before him.
It is stylish and strong, but it is his tactical savvy distinguishes him from the other in the weight room.
He's a great representative for racing, his enthusiasm and charisma attracted fans in this sport for years.
I told Franks a few weeks ago in Epsom, he would have led 6,000 winners, if not the only jockey weekend and big races!
But seriously, Franks led the winners in the UK for most of the 30 years, which is great to see.
He's an energetic character that is good for British racing, but more than that, he's an incredible jockey.
Franks Dettori celebrated this outstanding mark of the company's rapid soskok with horses
From a quick finish to the rapid soskok, Franks Dettori is a symbol of British smooth racing for two decades.
It's been ups and downs.
Many winners of the big races, including his famous "magnificent seven" at Ascot in 1996, but he also he also survived a plane crash and stayed in disqualification because of doping.
Three years ago, he first encountered difficulties when he returned after a six-month disqualification, but he showed a tremendous force of will to challenge the sceptics and return to form.
And he may have not finished for some time - Dettori had previously said he would continue to take part in the competition, at least until the 50-year-old age.
Putin dismiss the head of the administration of Sergei Ivanov
Russian President Vladimir Putin unexpectedly sacked his chief of staff Sergei Ivanov.
Ivanov was part of Putin's trusted circle for many years.
This Zoir was now appointed a representative on the issues of the environment and transport.
A statement from the Kremlin said that Putin "decided to release Ivanov from his duties of the head of the Russian presidential administration," but did not name the cause.
Mr. Ivanov's deputy since 2012, Anton Vaino, was appointed his successor.
Mr. Vaino, 44, a former diplomat.
Born in the Estonian capital of Tallinn in 1972, he graduated from the prestigious Moscow State University of International Relations (MGIMO) and served in the Tokyo embassy.
Later, he was the head of the office of the president and the government, according to the Kremlin's website (in Russian).
During the appointment, he told Putin: "Thank you for your trust."
I think the administration's most important task is to support your activities as heads of state from the point of view of drafting laws and control over how your instructions are carried out.
Putin told a Russian television channel on Friday that Ivanov was asked to release him from the post and recommended that Vaino replaced him.
Does the smile convince?
It is a move that has puzzled Moscow.
Sergei Ivanov has long been one of Vladimir Putin's closest supporters and, as he served in the Soviet security service, the KGB.
As the head of the administration, he was one of the most powerful people in the country.
At a meeting with President Putin, who was shown on state television, both men said that the head of the administration resigned of his own desire.
But despite the smiles at the camera, this is a few here convinced - especially now, right before the parliamentary elections.
So, these are the unintended consequences of some power struggle?
So far, no one knows.
But the official statement is that the man who was once agitated as a potential president, suddenly wanted to manage the Russian environmental policy - was met with great skepticism.
In remarks quoted on the Kremlin's website, Putin, Ivanov said: "It is true that in early 2012, I ask you to trust me, this conversation is a very difficult position, even, say, a troubled position for four years.
Well, it turns out, I was the head of the presidential administration for four years and eight months.
Ivanov took office in December 2011.
Earlier, he worked as deputy prime minister and defense minister.
He is a member of the Russian Security Council and a former member of the state security service, the KGB, like Mr. Putin.
In the late 1990s, when Putin was head of the Federal Security Service (FSB), which replaced the KGB, Ivanov was appointed as his deputy.
When Putin came to power, he called Ivanov among the five people he trusted most.
Once it was thought that Ivanov could become president of Russia after Putin's second term, as the third term for Putin would contradict the Constitution.
But this post took another close supporter of Putin, Dmitry Medvedev.
Putin became prime minister before returning to the presidency after just three and a half years.
The star of the series "Criminal Minds" Thomas Gibson fired after a fight with a producer
Gibson was a member of a scuffle at the filming of the show in Los Angeles last month.
ABC Studios and CBS Television Studios, which produces the series, announced his dismissal in a joint statement.
Gibson, who played Special Agent Aaron Hotchner, apologized Thursday, before his suspension was announced.
There were creative disagreements on the shooting and the divergence of opinions.
I regret that it happened, "he said in his statement.
Detailed information on how Gibson's character will be removed from the show, which follows a team of FBI agents, is expected to come later, according to ABC Studios and CBS Television Studios.
the 54-year-old actor, who previously played a major role in the sitcom Dharma and Greg, has been in the show since the first season in 2005.
"I love the" Criminal Minds "and put his heart and soul into it over the past twelve years," Gibson said in a statement published on Friday.
I hoped to be present in it until the end, but now it will be impossible.
I would simply like to thank the writers, producers, actors, our wonderful team, and, most importantly, the best fans of the show could only dream of.
The show is expected to return with its twelfth season on September 28.
Mystery: the fish landed in Banff garden
A man from Banff appealed for help in the identification of fish that appeared in his garden in Banff.
Kevin Bain believes that 75 fish could be gerbil, left waterspout.
Bain, who lives just 500 metres from the sea, put the shooting of this spectacle in Periscope in the hope that someone will be able to shed light on the emergence of inches of fish.
Queensferri Crossing: The bridge is now connected to Fife
The $1.35 billion project should now be completed by May 2017
Engineers have connected the northern span and viaduct Queensferri Crossing - which means that the bridge is now connected to Fife.
This is the first of four smykanie between "veer fabric" that have now come to an end near all three bridge pylons.
The section of the bridge from Fife now 600 meters in length and weighs 30 000 tons.
It has 10,000 tons of steel and 20,000 tons of concrete and 46 van't bridge.
The $1.35 billion project should now be completed by May 2017.
Economy minister Keith Brown today visited the site and was among the first to walk from the ground up to the bridge.
He said: "This is a historic and symbolic moment in the construction of Queensferri Crossing.
We are all witnesses of engineering art really epic scale in this project, where more than 30,000 tons of concrete and steel used only for construction of this part of the bridge.
Despite the massive size and weight of the bridge closing structures between the viaduct and bridge cloth is a virtuoso operation using extremely precise tolerances for assembly.
A total of approximately 79% of the entire bridge fabric is now in place for the last section of the concrete coating made of fabric in Rosati today, which means that the canvas is ready to rise to the place on the bridge.
Michael Martin, the director of the Forth Crossing Bridge Constructors project, said: "The first smykanie on every bridge project is always a significant milestone.
In this amazing project this smykanie represents the most modern building art.
After installing the last section of the road and its connection with expanding the northern pylon road to us then left to close the remaining gap in the north - or turn to the shore - side.
This was done by pulling the viaduct in the northern approach to 700 millimetres to the south.
It was a massive and at the same time a very elegant operation.
Large-scale, because the viaduct 222 metres long, weighs about 6,000 tons and had to be raised on the angle of about 3%.
Elegant, because tolerances, who worked as a team, were tiny - just a few millimeters in each direction.
Fortunately, it all went very well.
Salvation in Gulf moelfr: Three men 'lucky to be alive'
Three men 'lucky to be alive' after being thrown from a fishing vessel in Anglesey.
Moelfre RNLI rescue station raised the alarm at 1:20 on British summer time on Friday, after the team saw the incident unfolded in the Gulf of moelfr.
Three men struggled to swim to a safe place while their vessel continued to go their way.
"We saw how their ship circling near them and assumed the worst," said steering rescue boat Moelfre Vince Jones.
"Fortunately, by the time we went down to the water, a strong wind took it away from them," he added.
Two men were rescued with the help of a local fishing vessel, and a third man was found beyond 60 years and beyond in the bag without a lifejacket.
All of them were raised on board the coastal rescue boat and delivered to the rescue station
Jones said: "Three men hauled out in the water, lucky that they are alive and completely intact.
The boat's engine was an emergency release, but he somehow otzeplyaetsya from the man who ruled the boat when it toppled.
Someone will protect these guys today.
Pokémon Go, decent hunting for health and happiness
A fascinating way to see how the world is changing.
The fact that teenagers and children no longer go out to play, preferring to spend their free time looking at screens, there were many complaints over the last decade.
Pokemon go detaches people from the couch and engage in some physical activity.
The screen was initially limited to TV, then video games and smartphones in recent times.
It is so great to see that technology and activity on the street are not mutually exclusive.
I, of course, mean the general excitement, which is the Pokémon Go, the application based on characters, originally created for video games in the 1990s (subsequently generated a series of cartoons, playing cards and other branches).
Like many other pop cultural phenomena, all this has lost its relevance somewhat earlier than this new game became available in the United States, Australia and New Zealand in early July.
The launch in other countries at the time was detained in connection with a massive response that overloading the servers.
In a few days the Pokémon Go has more users than Tinder and almost as much as Twitter.
So how does it work?
In two words, players with smartphones go looking for Pokémon, which are tracked by GPS and being discovered, can be 'photographed' (via a screenshot on your phone) or 'caught'.
The generation that played the game, being younger, joined the Roar fascination, separated from sofas to search.
In the US, the game has led to a significant increase in the number of steps that the "ordinary" person every day.
Cardiogram, an application for the Apple Watch, which tracks 35 000 users, recently told the Washington Post that within two days from the start of the game, they tracked the number of people who perform a 30-minute exercise every day, jumped from 45 percent to 53 percent.
The company does not know who plays Pokémon go, she just sees the primary data about passing levels.
Many public health campaign to convince people to "find 30 minutes," "get up from the sofa" and "be active every day," did not find a response, because most health messages are boring and there are people who look unhappy.
Nevertheless, the importance of physical exercise cannot be underestimated.
Those who regularly exercise reduces the chances of developing a cancer or depression.
Physical activity helps with weight, high blood pressure, diabetes and a long list of benefits, too long to lead here.
But the charm of Pokémon go is that it pulls people out into the streets to do what they love.
Thus covered three basics of health: movement, fresh air and sunlight and joy.
Some people even make new friends on the hunt.
As usual, there are boring beggar who seek to complain.
And yes, someone might stumble on the door.
Well, and what?
The breakthrough occurred.
After all, despite the fact that applications for smartphones, such as Fitbit and previously able to track our physical activity, they didn't give us a reason to practice how to give this game.
The novelty priedates, and its use will weaken over time.
However, due to the success of Pokemon will appear more games that will combine applications and virtual reality with physical activity in the real world, helping many people hunting to be more active, in good shape and healthy.
Read blogs Dr. Joe on www.drjoetoday.com
Simone Biles wins gold of absolute primacy in women's gymnastics
Forget about the pressure.
Forget about the turmoil.
Simone Biles invulnerable for all this.
Dynamic on the vault.
Relaxing on the beam.
A staggering on the floor.
Stunning everywhere.
And now, finally, the Olympic champion.
the 19-year-old American gymnast climbed to the league title for the absolute primacy on Thursday, putting the gap between themselves and the rest of the world on a convincing demonstration under careful Olympic attention.
Her total score 62.198 was at a sufficient distance from the silver medallists and fellow team "Final Five" Eli Raisman and Russian bronze medallists Aliya Mustafina.
Biles of the United States stands on the balance beam during the finals of the women's individual absolute primacy in rhythmic gymnastics at the 2016 summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, on Thursday.
Biles became the fourth consecutive American woman to win the title of champion absolute championship and fifth in general, perpetuating his reputation as the best of his generation and perhaps ever.
She sobbed when they showed her the final overall score and her long journey to this moment was over.
This achievement puts it in the same league as exceptionally rare athletes like Michael Phelps, who have raised their sport to new heights:
Biles has spent the last three years, dominated his sport, winning 15 World Championship medals - including 10 gold - with such staggering programs in their mixture of diligence and precision that the 1984 Olympic champion Mary Lou Retton called her "the greatest gymnast I have ever seen."
One last test waited in Brazil, competition is not so much between Biles and others in this area, how much between it and the burden of expectations.
Anything less than to go back to his family's home in Spring, Texas, with a handful of gold medals, would be viewed as a neopravdyvatsya expectation.
Simone Biles of the United States, left, and Eli Raisman hugged after winning gold and silver, respectively, in the final of the women's individual absolute primacy in rhythmic gymnastics at the 2016 summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, Thursday, Aug.
Biles earned the first gold on Tuesday, becoming a beautiful final chord for a farewell party for the retired national team coordinator Martha Carole.
While Biles insisted that she will never look into the future during his long journey to the top, it's not quite like that.
Part of her freewheeling exercise program - one that includes its corporate passage - is set to a Latin American music, which would come right at home on the street right outside the Olympic arena in Rio.
It's not a coincidence.
The girl, a boy with his grandfather and grandmother, being a beginner to walk as a child and open mother coach Aimee Burman during a visit to the hall where Burman was coach, became a force.
She did not lose a single competition for the absolute primacy since the summer of 2013 - a streak of luck, which should continue as long as Biles wants it.
Although Mustafina received a slight advantage with the help of two rotations, it was a mirage.
Gymnastic log and freewheeling exercises - where Biles defends the title of world champion - lie in ambush.
She came forward again with 15,433 on a log and finished with 15,933 on the floor.
Raisman gently hugged her while they were waiting for the final bills - a pure formality - and tears appeared around a shiny red with white and blue eyeliner Biles, when the intention that she once recorded in the album for the clippings, performed.
Raisman performance was a little revenge for what happened four years ago, when she shared third place, but lost the bronze Mustafina at the Thai break.
This time, the 22-year-old captain of the team that Americans call a "grandmother" was far ahead.
She sent kisses to the crowd after his freewheeling exercise by a return that sometimes seemed to be under question.
As for Biles, a 19-year-old viral tweet from the beginning of this week now has an entirely new meaning:
Police: 3 victims in the case of a serial killer shot while listening to music in the car
Two women and a 12-year-old girl who died during the deadly attack in Phoenix's first serial killer over the last decade, sat in the car, talking and listening to music when they were shot dead, according to a police report released on Thursday.
Angela Rochelle liner, Stephanie R. Ellis and Ellis's daughter, Malia, was shot on June 12 when their car was parked on the roadway, authorities said.
The perpetrator made approximately eight shots from a pistol, standing on the passenger side of the car and then fled in another vehicle, according to the report.
Police claim the triple murder, apparently, is not the result of a robbery, as the attacker did not take the purses or 2 $900, formerly in the possession of one of the adult victims.
Phoenix police spokesman, Sergeant Jonathan Howard said the massacre prompted investigators to check whether it was linked to four previous attacks.
Just seven people were killed and two others injured as a result of nine attacks in two predominantly Hispanic districts within four months.
"This is happening in a residential area in front of the house," said Howard KPHO, a CBS affiliate, at the start of this month.
The suspect is believed to have used several vehicles, including a brown Nissan late 1990s, black BMW of the late 1990s and the white Cadillac or Lincoln.
Investigators have refused to disclose the evidence that led them to the conclusion that the attacks are linked and committed by the same killer.
Ellis, 33, was hospitalized with wounds and later died.
Liner, 31, and daughter Ellis, Malia, died on the spot.
A witness told police that there was nothing unusual in the fact that they were sitting in a parked car, listening to music.
The authorities also published a police report about the shelling, the purpose of which was an empty pickup for half an hour before the triple murder and who was believed to be at the hands of a serial killer.
Investigators found a sleeve and removed a bullet from the seats and fragments of bullets from the engine compartment.
Mother of 6-year-old child with microcephaly: "Become better."
Like most six-year-old children, Edmund pixivto loves singing, toys and, of course, his mom.
But unlike most of his peers, Edmund microcephaly is the result of genetic disorders, which his mother Elizabeth pixivto didn't know during pregnancy.
When he first came home, my first thought was - I couldn't do it.
I won't be able to do that.
I didn't subscribe to that.
What, actually, is not the truth - of course you subscribe to it, "she said.
She and her husband Vincent said Edmund may never know them, and that he may not even survive.
Some doctors even offered to put him in a specialized medical facility.
"My first response was:" I don't think people are still doing so ,"" explained pixivto.
Edmund walks with the help of a walker.
Edmund did not sit and not crawl until he was three, and he still does not speak.
But it slowly passes some stages.
He walks with the help and rides his bike.
He also likes to play with his two brothers and singing.
Elizabeth shows the gesture that Edmund invented for "please sing me."
"We teach his language of gestures," pixivto told CBS News.
But not just the usual language of gestures - she says Edmund invented his own gestures.
Microcephaly may occur as a result of a number of different circumstances: genetic, such as Edmund, infections during pregnancy from viruses such as measles and Zika.
Symptoms and prognosis can vary considerably.
It is too early to say how this will affect the lives of those infected with Zika virus.
Pixivto recalls emotional losses due to an uncertain future.
I'm all the time saying what will happen?
What will happen?
And she still doesn't know.
I actually have not requested the forecast for the whole of my life, because I don't expect someone to really be able to tell me.
But pixivto has a reassuring advice for mothers of children with birth defects because of Zika.
It becomes better.
You know that everything will be better for you.
You will love your child and your child will love you.
Heavy rain, floods serve the cause of rescue operations in Louisiana, Mississippi
Heavy rain and widespread flooding in Louisiana have forced the governor to declare a state of emergency on Friday, with more rain expected to fall over the state until Saturday inclusive.
Numerous rivers in southeast Louisiana and south Mississippi came out of the coast and threaten widespread flooding after extreme precipitation, the National Weather Service reported.
Louisiana governor John Bell Edwards said that state officials are in constant contact with local authorities and aid has already traveled to the affected parishes.
Mike Steele, a spokesman for the governor's office of homeland security and emergency preparedness, said received requests for transport for high water, boats and bags with sand.
Steele said that only the arrival of Tangipahoa requested tens of thousands of bags with sand.
The danger of flooding remains in force until Saturday for much of the south of Louisiana.
The meteorological agency said in a statement that the additional 3 to 5 inches could surge into the area.
In southern Alabama duty in anticipation of flooding operated until Friday, as rain continued to go in the area of Alabama.
The river comes close to Baton Ruzhem and Amite River near Virgin springs, both in Louisiana, according to forecasts should have set the record flood level last weekend.
Meteorologist Alec krautmann said that both rivers could flood a lot of homes in suburban areas near Baton Rouge.
He also said that a flood coming downstream in the ward assenschen is a threat, as the bubbles of the river will be slowly flow into Lake morp.
Tickfo River, just south of the border of the state of Mississippi in Liverpool, Louisiana, has reached the highest level ever recorded at 9 a.m. on Friday.
Rescue workers were still pulling people out of the floods in Amite and Wilkinson counties in southwest Mississippi.
Leroy Hansford, his wife and stepson were among the rescued early on Friday near Gloucester.
Hansford, 62, says the waters of Beaver Creek, which are usually in more than 400 feet away from his home, quickly rose overnight.
He said another stepson, who lives nearby, warned him.
"We woke up and the water continued to attack," Hansford said.
She reached the level of my belt.
His wife said Hansford, that this is the biggest influx that she had seen for 48 years that lived here.
Hansford said he and all members of his family with a disability, and he is the only one who knows how to swim.
Hansford said rescue workers saved all three with the help of the army truck and delivered them to a fire station in Gloucester, where they took refuge on Friday.
Krautmann says the flooding "quickly spread" as the rain continues, noting that officials are considering an evacuation order.
Krautmann says one observer near Livingston reported falling 13.75 inches of rain since midnight until Friday morning.
Krautmann said the ground was overrun with rain rainfall from the environment.
Heavy rain and flooding streets led to work to rescue residents from homes in Tangipahoa Parish, and the cancellation of classes in five school districts, authorities said.
WWL, a CBS affiliate, reports that the Tangipahoa adviser told about 200 flooded homes.
Residents were evacuated in the two churches, but they both now zatoplyaetsya.
The chairman of the parish Robbie Miller said the authorities rescued 72 people and seven pets caught in high water.
The shelters were opened in Amite city and the city of Hammond to accept those who have been evacuated.
"They will be able to return home as soon as the water starts to retreat," he said.
In the city of Hammond Tangipahoa Parish, about two dozen streets were closed because of high water and sand bags were available to residents in the hope that they will keep the water away from homes and businesses.
"The last major flooding we had was in March," said City manager Lacey Landrum.
It's on the way to becoming a similar event.
In Mississippi, the Harrison County Emergency Management Director Rupert Lacy said the oblozhnoy rain continued to go on the coast of the Gulf of Mexico.
He said several homes were registered as flooded on Thursday, but no one was reported on Friday.
Kate Towson, head of the Shopper Value Foods store in Amite, has lived in the area for 40 years.
"I saw the water in those places where I had never seen," said tauson, "and she's still pouring on the ground."
Mahaj Brown, 6, "honeycombed with bullets," remains alive after a shootout in Philadelphia
Police reported that a 6-year-old boy was shot in Philadelphia, registering a second shooting in a 6-year-old in town this week.
The grandmother and grandfather of the child identified him for CBS Philadelphia as Mahaj Brown.
Grandmother and grandfather say Brown received multiple gunshot wounds, including his groin, leg, arm and stomach, but was conscious when he was transported to hospital.
"He strongly inherited, his small body was izreshechena bullets," "says his grandmother Delores most of the station.
I just can't believe it.
The boy is in hospital in a critical condition and has undergone several operations.
The family told the station that he is expected to recover.
He had to go to the first class at a local primary school.
Brown was one of four people shot in the Germantown neighborhood.
Also shot in three men: two 29-year-old and one 32-year-old.
It is reported that one of the 29-year-old men is in critical condition; two other victims were reported in stable condition, according to CBS Philadelphia.
The child was found shot in the front seat of the car next to the 29-year-old in a critical condition, reports the station.
Two other victims were not in the car, and police are investigating whether some of the wounded men being shot.
Investigators told CBS Philadelphia that apparently was a shoot-out between several armed men.
The case of semiautomatic weapons, attributed to various instances of semiautomatic weapons, uztlán place of action.
It seems that this was definitely a prolonged battle.
There were shells on the street, on both sides of the sidewalk.
So, apparently, there were several armed fighters and they were actively involved in the gunfire, "Philadelphia police captain Anthony Ginaldi told the station.
Many homes and cars in the area were also affected.
No arrests have been made, and police are reportedly looking at CCTV cameras.
Another 6-year baby, a girl, was struck in the arm by a stray bullet Tuesday when playing in front of his home in the West Oak Lane neighborhood.
She is recovering, and police are still searching for the suspect.
Why we need Simon, Gabby and Laurie
That's what I call the women's Olympic gymnastics team this year and for several reasons.
First, I was at every Summer Olympics since 1984, and the US has never been so dominant.
And second: this team has a key role to play in the three gymnasts: Simone Biles, Gabby Douglas and Lauren "Laurie" Hernandez, who have already inspired so many non-white girls.
The composition of that team, augmented by Eli Raisman, who is Jewish, and Madison koshanin which is Mncube, makes us all proud.
This team looks, finally, like America.
It also strengthened the black and Hispanic women's presence at the top of the sport.
For the past four years, the women's gymnast number one was AfroAmerican.
Last year Simon and Gabby were No.1 and No.2.
That's powerful.
At the last Olympics, Gabby Douglas was an unexpected Olympic champion, and America approvingly welcomed.
Now the world can witness the incredible performances of three-time world champion Simone Biles, Douglas and Lori Hernandez, performing an unexpected, but nevertheless virtuoso gymnastic exercises.
On Thursday, Simon became the fourth American in a row that won gold in the women's individual absolute primacy.
A colleague on the national team Eli Raisman earned silver.
We are witnessing the peak of this sport, but it does not look so in gymnastic sections throughout the country.
Simone, Gabby and Laurie all have chosen the same path as Eli and Madison, to form an Olympic team.
They are the "final five" because the next Olympic gymnastics team will have only four gymnast in the team, and this is the last year to receive Martha Carole.
But in reality, gymnastics is an expensive sport and gymnasts first gymnastic training in private clubs, supported by parents, to pay for the cost of training, equipment, travel, form, fees for participation in competitions, payment services hotels (for coaches and their gymnasts and families), and the list goes on.
Most of these gymnastics clubs are located in the affluent suburban areas that can support this business.
These clubs are where gymnasts get everything from their training, and this is an expensive and long-term duty for the families of gymnasts.
Aimee Burman, coach Simone Biles, and Maggie Hani, coach Laurie Hernandez, both trained their athletes since they went for gymnastics.
We need to create more acceptable costs and affordable gymnastics training communities of countless young girls inspired by Simon, Gabby and Laurie.
I founded my gymnastics fund 20 years ago.
In my organisation, we have already provided free and low-cost gymnastics classes, located in Harlem, for more than 15,000 urban young guys (mostly black and Hispanic) and raise national and international champions.
In September, we will expand in Detroit (my hometown) to provide high-quality youth gymnastics that deserves the opportunity to learn and benefit from this great Olympic sport.
Gymnastics is developing strength, flexibility and coordination for the body, as well as resistance to exhausting work, discipline and perseverance for the mind.
This combination has a positive impact throughout life for good health, success in school and work.
It is the inspiration for this national team will send thousands of girls doing gymnastics, and that's fine.
To engage in sports is so important, especially for girls.
Now such a wonderful time.
Thank you, Simon, Eli, Lori, Gabby and Madison for this serious demonstration of "Female Force" team win Olympic gold and for what motivate so many girls of different backgrounds to be healthy, strong and successful young women.
Junior doctors have tackled the announcement of further strikes after the rejection of the proposal by Jeremy Hunt
Ministers had hoped to conclude the debate on the changes, agreeing the amended agreement with leaders of the British Medical Association, but 58 percent of the 37 000 young doctors who took part in the vote, rejected it.
In July, Hunt unveiled plans to enter the treaty, saying that the NHS was on the "draw ground" and any further delay to damage to the staff and patients.
The first junior doctors are transferred to a new contract that includes changes to work at night and weekends to improve service in the classroom.
Dr Helen Makkot, chairman of the BMA junior doctors "committee, said last night in a statement:" Junior doctors still have serious concerns about the proposed treaty, in particular that he will augment the existing labor crisis, and that it cannot be applied to all doctors rightly. "
There were just eight weeks before the first group of doctors will be transferred to a new contract, the progress is needed, and time is running out.
An attempt to resolve the dispute with the negotiations was met by an unwillingness to take action and sometimes a complete silence on the part of the government.
And that's despite the promise of Jeremy Hunt last month that his door is always open.
"Jeremy Hunt needs to act now, to inspire the introduction and respond to the concerns of junior doctors.
If he doesn't do it, then the junior doctors are unequivocal that they are ready to organize the next strike.
The last strike in late April caused a delay of about 13,000 planned operations and receiving 100,000 nurses, while nurses and consultants were involved to ensure the replacement of doctors on the line of picketing.
Ministers had hoped to finish the debate on the changes, agreeing a modified contract with the leaders of the British Medical Association.
WMA wants better pay weekend for 54 000 junior doctors who are subject to the contract.
Daniel Mortimer, general director of NHS Employers, called on junior doctors not to continue the strike.
Mortimer said: "Strikes achieve little or nothing, but put pressure on already operating at the limit of the team and services, and cause anxiety, physical pain and disorder patients, nurse and their families."
For the past two months, we talked with the Committee of junior doctors and jointly with the Department of Health and other, positive way responded to their concerns regarding the role of guardians and corporate communication policy.
Workers had hoped that the continuing positive assistance on other important topics - such as the distribution of personnel, flexibility training, additional training for those who returned after the break in a career, the cost of training, mutual recognition of academic curriculum, vacations and gender differences in salaries in medicine - were a sign of how seriously the employers, Health Education England and The Health Department were going to observe the conditions of those achieved in November, February and May.
A drug for 2 £ a day could reduce the risk of a heart attack
Thousands of heart attack patients are going to use the drug for 2 £ a day after authorities recommended giving him more people and for a longer time.
Protivosvertyvat drug ticagrelor reduces the risk of repeated attacks for people with heart disease.
The drug is already prescribed for 12 months after a heart attack, reducing the risk of stroke or a new attack.
The Service for Supervision of the UK National Health Service advised me to give it to people for four years to continue to exclude the risk of cardiovascular problems.
Now, however, the Service for Supervision of the UK National Health Service staff advised me to give it to people for four years to continue to exclude the risk of cardiovascular problems.
A heart attack occurs with an estimated 140,000 people in England each year, and a quarter of them there is another attack or stroke.
Heart attacks and strokes occur as a result of the accumulation of fatty material on the walls of arteries and the formation of plaques.
If a plaque is torn apart, it can cause a blood clot, blocking access to the heart and cause a heart attack.
And if the thrombus moves, he will be able to move through the blood stream and block blood flow to the brain, causing a stroke.
People who have already faced one attack, are at greater risk of getting another one.
Ticagrelor, produced by the British firm AstraZeneca and sold under the name Brilique, reduces risk, making it less likely to clot.
The draft NICE guidance, published today, recommends that people give 90 mg ticagrelor for 12 months, then 60 mg with aspirin twice a day for the next three years.
Professor Carol Pogoda, director of the health technology evaluation centre, said: "Despite the availability of effective secondary prevention methods from roughly a quarter of people who have already had a heart attack, there is another heart attack or stroke - often with devastating consequences."
The fear of recurrence can have a significant negative impact on the quality of life.
There is evidence that the ticagrelor combined with aspirin is effective in reducing the risk of subsequent heart attacks and strokes in people who have already suffered a heart attack.
Previously recommended ticagrelor, we are pleased to be able to increase the treatment options available to the many thousands of people who are willing to use it.
Since information about the effectiveness and safety of ticagrelor - especially the risk of bleeding - for a period of three years is limited, the draft guidance does not recommend treatment for the longer term.
PC ownership culture allows to prosper the falsification of counting in Muslim areas
Former mayor of Tower Hamlets Lutfur Rahman was removed from office last year due to corruption, motivating a government report
The culture of political correctness led to the closing of the eyes that turned into a widespread falsification of counting in Muslim communities, according to information from the destructive government report released today.
Former cabinet member Sir Eric Pickles has been hit with criticism of the police, election observers and the city administration for ignoring evidence of irregularities in the election because of "excessive sensitivity about race and religion."
The former secretary of the local communities, now the anti-corruption tsar, said that the intimidation of voters on religious grounds was so strong that the police should be allowed to put cordons outside polling stations to protect terrified voters.
He suggests that voters take the identity card to prove who they are when they vote.
At the moment, voters should only give their name and address.
The report even proposes to apply indelible ink on the fingers of people when they pass their ballots, in order to exclude that anyone could vote twice.
It is necessary to provide the best protection of the informant, said Sir Eric.
He urged the media to give greater access to the documents of the local council and the decisions taken by unofficial committees or working groups.
"This is done not only to protect themselves against fraud in the election, but also to protect the local government from a more open culture of corruption and financial fraud, with her go hand in hand," he said.
The report was ordered by Downing Street as a result of the scandal with voting in Tower Hamlets in east London.
Last year, a special court to consider the question of elections, ruled that the acting Mayor Luftur Rahman had to be removed from office due to a long list of corruption and illegal activities.
The court found that Rahman "cynically misrepresented" the religious feelings of the Muslim community and silenced his critics by accusing them of racism and Islamophobia.
Rahman, as was said, "conducted his campaign based on the fact that the duty of the faithful Muslims to vote for him."
Up to 300 voices raised doubts or were the result of personation, when people vote, represented by someone else.
Sir Eric said there were evidence of fraud across the country.
He expressed particular concerns about fraud with voting by mail, in which senior members of the Muslim community reportedly put pressure on people to vote for their chosen candidate.
Sir Eric, on the photos, made several recommendations to clean up the voting system, including the requirement to bring his ID to prove who you are
His report said: "Evidence of pressure exerted on vulnerable members of some ethnic minority communities, particularly for women and young people to vote at the will of their elders, especially in communities of Pakistani and Bangladeshi origin.
"There were fears that ... government agencies closed their eyes to such behavior because of the excessive sensitivity of" political correctness "about ethnicity and religion."
Cheese Eric gave 50 recommendations to clean up the system, including the removal of political activists from working with postal ballots for voting to stop "harvest votes."
The report, reviewed by Theresa May, also calls for tougher checks at registration to prevent the use of the voter list for fraud with immigration and privileges.
The variant is considered to require voters to show ID before voting.
Use indelible ink on the fingers of people as soon as they cast their ballot to prevent anyone from voting twice.
To carry out systematic checks of nationality of people to make sure they have the right to vote.
Enter a three-year limit on the application for automatic mail voting.
Remove political campaigners and activists from working with absentee voting and envelopes filled with postal voting.
To give police the authority to establish cordons around polling stations.
Change the law to make it easier to bring people to the accusations of bullying under the Representation of the People Act of 1983.
Make illegal photographing at the polling stations.
Make it a requirement that only English is used at polling stations (with the exception of Wales).
Strengthen training to ensure that the staff makes voting to go into the booth by one.
Sir Eric violently attacked the city police, claiming that it was "astonishing" that he was not charged with any criminal charges after the case of Tower Hamlets.
"The court to consider the question of the election, to disqualify Lutfur Rahman and his agent over a long list of corruption and illegal activities," he said.
He was found guilty in the absence of reasonable doubt - the criminal evidentiary standard - on a number of grounds.
He also criticizes the tick "fruitless" checks for the departments of the electoral registration of city administrations.
Sir Eric said: "Last year's court ruling in Tower Hamlets was a signal to the awakening.
Our nation has a proud heritage as the mother of the parliamentary elections, and yet the alarming and latent distribution of electoral fraud and the state of denial by some authorities threaten this good reputation.
Go crazy on the cycling equivalent of Kate and the other twin celebrities of the Olympic Games in Rio
Fans of the 2016 Olympic Games in Rio this week went crazy on the French cyclist Pauline Ferran Prevost, who, as it turned out, impressive looks like the Duchess of Cambridge.
But the 24-year-old participant of the Olympic Games is not the only athlete struggling for gold this summer, which boasts its own famous double - at least, according to reports on social networks.
So, in honor of the Rio Games and all the famous people appearing on our screens at the moment, FEMAIL has compiled a list of Olympians who have more than a superficial resemblance to Hollywood stars.
Hunter and Wolf: A member of the U.S. men's team archer Brady Ellison, left, compared to Leonardo DiCaprio since he was a child
In addition to double Kate on a cycle path, a lot of people online were quick to point out how certain Archer could be a twin superstar Leonardo DiCaprio.
A member of the U.S. men's team archer Brady Ellison was the cause of the hurricane on Twitter, after his picture appeared, looks frighteningly similar to the star of the wolf from the early 1900s.
And in fact, Archer learned about the insanity of social networks, and acknowledged that he had heard that he looks like Leo since he was a child.
"I personally don't see huge similarities, maybe with the exception of the vegetation on the face," Brady told the Huffington Post.
"He's an attractive guy, so I think it's a compliment."
One of the most popular comparisons from London 2012 will no doubt point out even more this year: a striking similarity between Britain's Greg Rutherford and popular actor Neil Patrick Harris.
The Russian gymnast Aliya Mustafina, with her large expressive eyes, as they say, is an exact copy of the Cuban American singer Gloria Estefan.
And in the basin of the South African swimmer Cameron van der Burgh was compared with the star of the choir Matthew Morrison for many years.
Moving to a more unexpected: This user thinks that Nathan is a "sports version of the" actor "started"
Another long lasting comparison was between the tennis player Rafael Nadar and actor Josh Harnett, who can boast similar heavy eyebrows and lips.
The silver medalist swimmer Yuliya Efimova of Russia can boast not only equally tanned skin and blond hair as the actress AnnaLynn McCord, while Nathan Adrian of the United States team, according to fans, similar to the "sporting version of Joseph Gorgon museum."
Severe women: Soccer star Hope Solo, left, and actress Jennifer Carpenter from Dexter, right, have the same face and eyes
Not the only one: One Twitter user was very pleased that others also saw similarities
Creating a theory: According to this user, maybe there is a reason underlying the similar appearance of this pair
One Twitter user recently turned to the site to reveal his delight that "the rest of the internet thinks Hope Solo and Jennifer Carpenter are actually identical."
In fact, the US football star and actress Dexter have incredibly similar forms of face and eyes.
Other popular comparisons include Kerry Walsh Jennings and her smile, which is close to the identical smile of actress Laura Linney, and also won a gold medal gymnast Gabby Douglas, which boasts its own beautiful wide smile that looks like the smile of a star "to achieve success" Gabrielle Union.
Commentator Olympiad on CBC apologizes for having spoken about the Chinese swimmer "died like a pig"
Analysis of Byron McDonald's fourth place at the finish 14-year-old Ai anhani at the women's freestyle relay 4h200 m offended CBC viewers on Wednesday, live Olympiad
Canadian broadcaster CBC was forced to apologise after one of its commentators said the 14-year-old Chinese swimmer "started as a stink" and "died like a pig" during the swim.
Commentator Byron McDonald thought his microphone turned off when he began to express his own opinion at the end of the final women's relay 4h200 metre freestyle.
It was possible to hear, like McDonald, who was attracted to the team of CBC commentators to "dilute its color," said: "This 14-year-old chinoise had dropped the ball, baby."
Too excited, started as a stench, died as a pig.
Thanks for that.
Chinese swimmer Ai yangchan, which is 14 years old, washes the second stage of the relay for 1:57,79 - at 1,61 seconds slower than the Canadian Taylor cancer, allowing Canadians to eliminate the backlog from China.
Viewers across Canada quickly reacted to the network, after both were shocked by the tone and used expressions
Emmett Macfarlane twitnet: "Really CBC announcer just said the 14-year-old swimmer from China 'died like a pig'????"
This idiot did not realise that they were still on the air. "
About AI anhani from China in the final of the women's relay 4h200 metre freestyle said: "This little 14-year-old chinoise had dropped the ball, baby."
The criticism on Twitter immediately collapsed on Byron McDonald, and many urged him to fire
Twitter users have not deterred when heard how insensitive was Byron McDonald
Another Twitter user, Sarah paradise, wrote: 'Nothing to yourself # byronmacdonald.
You represent CBC and Canada and make us look like a bunch of rasist. # build.
Soon after that, Scott Russell, who led the transfer of CBC, apologized on the air for MacDonald's comments, saying: "We ask forgiveness for comment about the swimming performance came in the ether."
It was a bad choice of words, we are sorry that this has happened. '
SHS completed what apologized in front of more than 90 people who twitnet in response to this statement
Friend commentator Scott Russell had to apologize to MacDonald's face
CBC then copied and sent them to apologize to more than 90 other Twitter users who complained to McDonald's comments
Network also rushed to apologise and publish a statement.
We sincerely regret that these statements were made and that they were allowed to go on the air.
Yesterday evening we acted promptly to apologize to our viewers in the live broadcast and our subscribers in social networks.
Let's be clear, Byron's comments related to the speech of the swimmer, not to her as an individual.
And yet it was inappropriate and a bad choice of words, and Byron very much regrets what he said.
On Thursday afternoon McDonald apologized on the air and tried to clarify his comment, saying he did not think that his words are interpreted as an attack on the personality.
"I would like to take advantage of the moment to apologize for comments I made last night after the women's relay," he said at the Olympic games broadcast on CBC. "
"I was talking about the speech of swimmer, not about her personally."
"It goes without saying that no disrespect meant, and I am very sorry."
The buyer of Primark insulted the woman who shamelessly try underwear in the middle of the store
Buyers did not know where to look away when some female nudity to try panties on the floor with shops in the middle of Primark.
What is even worse, she primerivated how she looked in them, pulled them and put it back on the shelf.
She continued the search and eventually merchandised four pairs of underwear in the store Bouverie Place shopping centre in Folkestone.
Store Primark Bouverie Place shopping centre in Folkestone, where a woman try knitwear panties before putting them back on the shelf
The mother of two children Jenny Davidson, who was at that time in the store, said that after 'underwear mysterious woman again "dress and came out of the store without buying anything."
She said: "People couldn't believe what they saw."
Standing in the middle of the trading hall, she took a pair of panties with shop windows, took off their own tights and pants and put on them.
"She did not try to find somewhere a secluded place to do it - she just stood there, besstyzhy."
"Everyone stared when she lifted the pants again, and they clearly didn't like her because she put them back on the shelf."
She did the same with three other couples before finally decided that there is nothing that she would have liked to dress up and came out again.
"It doesn't seem that she cared who watched her, or what she thought about the man who would eventually buy these cowards who try it."
33-khletny Jenny Davidson, from Kent, said: "How disgusting to think that someone is going to take home the cowards that someone else has already worn, but they were not wash."
The accident happened on Tuesday afternoon.
Davidson added: "I conclude that the staff apparently tried to remove these items of clothing from the sale, after she left - well, the better."
"I didn't want to come home with a new pair of women's panties and discover that the other woman put on and removed them, and they were not wash."
A spokesman for Primark said: "Primark knows about the incident, which happened at our store in Folkestone on Tuesday August 9."
All the goods in question have been withdrawn from sale.
How to protect yourself from attacks with pistol, using Krav Maga
The world is dangerous, but this video of Dailymail.com may help to make it a little bit safer for you.
We spoke with Ron Mizrachi is a master of Krav Maga Federation in New York to find out how to deal with armed robbers at a close distance.
Whether you go to the front or back, this video will show you how to beat the robber his weapon.
If they come back, according to Mizrachi is, the first thing to do is to turn around so you saw the attacker and 'released a line of fire'.
Then you squeeze your pistol firmly between your forearm and shoulder before hitting them in the face with a free elbow.
Then follows the knee in the groin, and while the attacker bends from pain, you twist the gun out of his hands, hit him in the face with the barrel and move back, holding a gun aimed at him.
For an armed, right front, a way to perform similar - remove the body from the line of fire, quickly capture the pistol and twist it so that the villain could not shoot.
At the same time, move the weight on the gun and hit the attacker with his fist in the chest, then turn the gun from his grip, before you step back and target him.
Sounds difficult?
Watch the video to see how Mizrachi is doing exactly that.
But remember that the safest way out of any robbery - if you are not a master of Krav Maga is to give up your cash.
For a guide to the traveler Ian Wright holds his tongue on the most dirty places in Europe
The British traveller criticized his immune system and absorbed a serious test reflex, licking some of the most dirty and nasty places in Europe.
Presenter and author of books on travel, Ian Wright, 51, from Suffolk, spent the language on the euro banknote, railings Piccadili Circus, Button flushing toilet on the train and the Russian public telephone in order to prove the strength of their immune system.
Before you lick each object, he used a luminometer to show himself and us, in what he breaks.
But the experiment, which is to become a film called "leadership traveler Lizun on Inner Power," gave some amazing results.
The idea is to lick the flushing button on the train, which is used by thousands of others, may be extremely disgusting, but actually there are more bad bacteria in the kitchen sink.
Throughout the trip across Europe, Wright spoke with doctors and medical staff about the increase of intestinal bacteria and his own health.
Fortunately, nothing of licking brought him no more than a bad taste in the mouth.
Wright became known thanks to tests on the strength of his intestines, traveling around the world and eating strange and surprising things.
From public railings at railway stations to flushing toilet buttons, this task is, of course, experienced his immune system
In the film, which he took off, he said: 'Since childhood I was completely carefree in relation to my health and I pull a lot of different things in the mouth from the land, eating worms and dirty water.'
He certainly proved his reputation during the film.
The only thing he refused is a dirty Russian public toilet.
His trial smear demonstrated the value of luminometer exceeding 4,000 units.
For comparison: just washed hands must be within 60.
But there was one Russian public toilet, which he refused to lick, after the value of its luminometer amounted to more than 4,000 units, while just washed hands show less than 60
Wright and the Finnish manufacturer of dairy products Valio made a film about a traveller called "traveller's guide Lizun on Internal Force," which shows the number of bacteria in different places, for example in the toilet
In the film, he said: 'It is close to one of the worst things I sniffed in the toilet.'
There's nothing more messy than that!
I'm not going to lick anything because it's abominable.
"Traveller's guide Lizun on Internal Force" was filmed together with the Finnish manufacturer of dairy products Valio.
The company granted Wright Valio gefilus which contains lactic-acid bacteria, as well as vitamins C and D, to help accelerate the growth of human intestinal bacteria and develop the immune system.
Senior vice president of Valio on snacks, juice and new categories of Nico vuorenmaa said: 'We really wanted to offer consumers something new.
What would be interesting to look at and at the same time could explain the benefits of probiotics.
We had a brainstorm that ended with the idea of "let's call Ian."
They argue that the interest in bowel health becomes a global phenomenon
Instead of just talking about products, we wanted to put them in a bigger context: good and bad bacteria in our everyday environment, the importance of bowel health and how it is related to the immune system.
The growing interest in intestinal health is a global phenomenon, and with the help of this documentary, we were able to provide consumers with more information about it in an interesting way.
I also think that the film shows that we have a good sense of humour!
Tom hack, who was the director of the film, added: 'Let's say so: I would lose respect for Jan, if he would lick some things that I asked, for example the disgusting Russian toilet, which is shown in the film.'
Of course, some things Jana was easier to lick, and some were pretty tough.
I am glad that some of those licking us managed to shoot on film. "
In the survey conducted in 2015 Valio, 84 percent of respondents linked lactic-acid bacteria exclusively with the good condition of the stomach and intestines, and 58 percent said they consumed at least sometimes, products that contain added lactic-acid bacteria.
The family of rioters destroyed Saltash, Cornwall Municipal House, on the eve of the eviction
The family of hooligans left their municipal house with losses for 50 000 £, after they were evicted for intimidation of their neighbors.
Tanja Skeldon and her partner Sean Trebilcock kicked out of their property in Saltash, Cornwall, after a long list of complaints against them.
After they were forcibly evicted from the property, shocked officials of housing construction cooperatives discovered this property in a state that requires repairs.
The walls were left with gaping holes, decor surfaces were exposed, the debris was crumble on the floor and the walls were dirty graffiti.
The family is now resettled and is expected to live in a private apartment
Donna McAvoy, russelitel in Cornwall Housing, said she was afraid that he did not save him.
She said: 'It was an absolute nightmare for the people here and I don't think people should live.
There are a lot of things that need to be weighed, because the property will probably be known as not very good aspect of Cornwall.
This family enjoys a bad reputation, and their name enjoys a bad reputation.
The couple have three sons, who lived in the property from time to time, and police reported that the Kingdom of horror caused by family, included fights on the streets with baseball bats, intimidation of residents of nearby areas, drug use, drug trafficking, excessive screams, disputes and cursing.
Skeldon, 47, whose name was on the lease contract, received a warrant for anti-social behaviour in June.
In several rooms of the house, which can be demolished, found the old rubbish
The floor boards in the house in which the drugs were sold in the past were plucked
Neighbors say they saw fights in the street and regularly called police
Cornwall housing forcibly evicted from her home and her partner this week, after they had been given the extended period of 11 weeks for voluntary departure.
Eviction with relief welcomed neighbors, who said their lives were turned into hell.
One said: 'They didn't bother anybody'.
We lived next to them for 20 years and it was always bad.
The number of times, when we saw the police here, incredibly.
"This morning we couldn't sleep."
We got up, because it was so quiet - we are not accustomed to it!
Now that they have finally left, everything will be fine.
Adam Fitzpatrick, head of the neighborhood of Cornwall Housing Group, said the family was unable to cooperate with local authorities.
The family lived in the house for 20 years, with police, and to regularly summoned police
The trash and old toys were scattered sprouted on the lower side of the Municipal House
He added: "It is a shame that the tenant failed to accept any responsibility for the behavior of her and her family as the eviction is always the last method of action that considers Cornwall housing.
It was a very difficult case, because the behavior was marginal, and their actions must have been terrifying for her watching neighbors.
I appreciate all the work that put my team, the police and members of the community of Devon and Cornwall who bravely spoke to give us information.
I hope that this development will give a little consolation to neighbors and send a signal that asocial behavior will not be tolerated.
Fitzpatrick said that all three sons lived in the house at different times, but said they all then had a bit more than 20.
Dirty mattress, left on the floor in one of the bedrooms at home after eviction
The resettlement workers will now have to remove the piles of debris that surrounds the house
In 2014, police searched a house and found more than 70 grams of cannabis, as well as scales, appropriate accessories and 1,700 £ in cash.
Skeldon was fined after he pleaded guilty to possession of class A drugs in order to supply.
She said the money went to pay the tombstones for her son, Lee Skeldon, who died in a car crash in 2013.
After being made homeless, there are reports that Tanya and her partner are now living in Plymouth.
The walls of many rooms of the house were dirty graffiti across the surface.
Police says they will try to evict tenants who do not obey the rules of renting premises
Angela Crowe, of Devon and Cornwall Police, said the eviction had sent a clear warning to other tenants who continue to violate the rules.
"This is a message for those who feel that they can behave without accusations of the accuser, as well as those who bring harm to such behaviour," she said.
Criminal and anti-social behaviour will never be admitted from Devon and Cornwall police, who will continue to work with partners to protect our communities.
Tourists in Portugal came in horror when a nizkoletyaschi military plane, barely touched on the beach
In the town of Aveiro in Portugal, tourists, adored soak up the sun, terribly scared for their lives
Portugal's P-3C Orion air force jet flew incredibly low
The Air Force said it carried out a training flight, but insisted there was no risk to safety
Here's the moment when frightened tourists are starting to panic, while the moment when nizkoletyaschi plane spication over a crowded beach.
The dramatic scene sees a military plane flying almost a touch away from hunters on the strip of sand in Aveiro, northern Portugal.
Vacationers povskakivali on its feet as soon as they were understandably concerned about the noise of the engines of the plane, but did not have the opportunity to see what is moving in their direction through the clouds.
The incident happened yesterday evening near the town of Aveiro in Costa Nova.
Daniel Fernandes, one of several vacationers who published a video of shocking span in social networks, said: "He flew very low twice, and was the moment, at some point it looked like he was going to crash."
Nuno arroz added: "I was surfing and swear, there was a feeling that the plane is about to fall on me."
Tourists on the beach of Aveiro were terribly frightened when the plane appeared out of the mist and flew at extremely low altitude
The Portuguese air force said today that the P-3C Orion aircraft pilot performed a training flight in order to detect fishing vessels from the coast, and was forced to sink so low, as it was the only way to test them.
The pilot said the plane flew a bit lower than usual due to poor visibility caused by the smoke from nearby burning forests, but the Air Force insisted that no one was exposed to danger.
This summer, forest fires have damaged the mainland Portugal, and also claimed the lives of four people on the island of Madeira.
The Portuguese air force made a statement today that the pilot had to fly so low because of the circumstances - the thick fog and smog from forest fires that worsened visibility
The aircraft carried out a training flight and the pilot was instructed to find fishing boats as part of the job
The system of "HACCP" for more than a year is required for the catering, but most of the cafes and restaurants of St. Petersburg, its still not implemented.
Checks are becoming more active, and businesses face fines of up to 1 million roubles.
For more than a year, the system Hazard Analysis and Critical Control Points (HACCP, HACCP in the Russian version) - risk analysis and critical control points - is required to use food manufacturers and carriers, as well as companies in the catering industry in Russia, as a member of the Customs Union (CU).
Rospotrebnadzor's business checks on compliance with these standards in St. Petersburg started in February 2015.
But so far, officials have issued fines only for certain violations of the rules (see "list of documents" ...).
The failure of the regulation as a whole will cost the company 600 thousand rubles for the first violation and 1 million rubles - for the second.
The HACCP system that takes into account the risks when working with food and prevent them, invented in the US in the 1960s.
Then it was the safety of food for astronauts.
Now the system is used on all food companies not only in the US but also in Canada and in the European Union.
Since February 2015, the HACCP operates on the territory of TS.
The development and implementation of the business system was 4 years (HACCP requirement appeared in the TC rules in 2011).
But the entrepreneurs themselves, and officials acknowledge that most companies have not even heard of this norm.
We, unfortunately, have long been convinced that the norm only applies to food production, not restaurateurs, "explained the head of the public council Elena Tsereteli.
Now everybody is trying to catch up.
The expected resumption of charter flights to Turkey - the end of August - the beginning of September.
But they will not cause panic because their target audience - families with children - is already preparing for school, experts say.
An alliance of tourist agencies yesterday sent a letter to the government asking for now to allow the charter.
"For many Russian tourists to question the selection of high-quality and affordable seaside holiday is insoluble, as in the resorts of the Krasnodar region and the Republic of Crimea, most of the objects have already booked accommodation until the end of September," note the authors of the letter and emphasize that the opening of charter flights in August did not significantly affect the already established demand for Russian marine tourist product.
As reported in the Northwest regional branch of the Russian Union of Tourism (PCT), if the aviation agencies of Russia and Turkey quickly agree, the resumption of charter flights to Turkey could be expected within a month.
A clear understanding of when the charter will be reinstated, as long as no, it depends primarily on the aviation authorities.
Technically they can fly planes in September, even August, if tour operators to quickly build programmes and agree with the airlines on the right direction on board, "says Pavel Rumyantsev, deputy director of communications and international projects of the Northwest regional branch of the PCT.
According to him, the possible resumption of the charter is good news, but not too will affect the balance of power in the market, because the main buyers of charter tours - families with children - have already returned to rest and prepare for school or spend their holidays in other countries.
In the velvet season buy tours mainly single travelers and couples.
Charter programs can rely on those who have the opportunity to rest spontaneously, "says Pavel Rumyantsev.
"Turkey has a chance to attract a lot of tourists if it now will give very budget proposals - 50-60 thousand rubles for a tour for two, because there are people who are deliberately waiting for very cheap tours," says Valeria Rosenthal, general director of the travel agency Optio.
Otherwise you should just count on the excitement - the bulk of travel is already planned.
Pavel Rumyantsev also believes that, because there is a demand for regular flights to Turkey, the charter will also be demanded, but the excitement is not.
"For Turkey, launching charter now is a rehearsal for the next season," says Pavel Rumyantsev.
"The opening of the charter to Turkey is positive news for the next season," Valeria Rubtsova agrees.
The tax code provides for exemption from tax established compensation payments within the approved norms related to reimbursement of harm caused by injury or other health damage.
The issuance of workers employed in jobs with harmful conditions of work, milk according to the established norms of Article 222 TC of the Russian Federation.
At the same time the rules and conditions for issuing the order established by the Ministry of Russia from 16.02.2009 # 45N.
According to this document, the free distribution of milk or other equal food is made by workers in the days of actual employment in jobs with harmful conditions resulting from the presence of harmful production factors in the workplace.
On the basis of these norms, FTS of Russia in the letter concluded that on the basis of Unit 2 of paragraph 3 of Article 217 tax exempt from income tax in the form of milk cost to workers in the days of actual employment in jobs with harmful conditions of work in accordance with the norms and conditions approved by the Russian Ministry of 16.02.2009 No. 45N.
The Moscow "gazstroybank" remained without a license of the CBR.
On Friday, August 12, 2016, the central bank of Russia withdrew its license to carry out banking transactions with credit organization Joint-stock Commercial Bank "gazstroybank" registered in Moscow.
According to the regulator, JSC AKB "gazstroybank" pursued vysokoriscan credit policies related to the placement of cash into low-quality assets.
Adequate risk assessments taken at the request of the supervisory authority and accurate reflection of the value of the bank's assets have led to a credit organization grounds to implement measures to prevent bankruptcy.
In addition, the credit organization was involved in carrying out dubious transit operations.
The bank has appointed a temporary administration term until the appointment of a liquidator or liquidator.
The powers of the executive bodies of the credit institutions in accordance with federal laws are suspended.
AKB "GAZSTROYBANK JSC" - a participant of the deposit insurance system.
Recall that the payment of insurance reimbursement for the depositors, including individual entrepreneurs, in accordance with Federal Law No. 177-fz "on deposit insurance for individuals in banks of the Russian Federation" is provided at the rate of 100% of the remainder of the funds, but not more than 1.4 million rubles in aggregate per depositor.
The payments, according to the deposit insurance agency, will begin no later than August 26, 2016.
According to reports, the largest assets of JSC AKB "gazstroybank" on August 1, 2016 took 335 place in the banking system of the Russian Federation.
London schoolgirl, who joined ISIS, died in Syria
Cadiz Sultan, one of three British schoolgirls who left London last year to join ISIS, reportedly died in Syria.
Stani akunja's attorney said her family learned of her death in Raqqa, Syria, a few weeks ago.
It is assumed that she had died from a Russian air strike in Raqqa, the stronghold of the group in the country, as reported by ITV News on Thursday.
Sultan was 17 years old, and, according to her family, she died just when he planned to leave the war-torn country and go back to England.
"One can only hope that the only advantage of it all - as a headstone and a testament to others that this is precisely the risks involved when travelling in the zone of hostilities - dissuade people ever to make the same choice," said akunja.
In February 2015, Sultan and two other schoolgirls from east London sat on a plane to Turkey and then on a bus to the Syrian border.
The sultan's family said she was married to ISIS militants in Syria and became a widow for several months.
Reed says Clinton will remain loyal to the Harland as a candidate for the Supreme Court in the case of election
The leader of the Democrats in the Senate, Harry Reid says he is convinced that Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton will nominate Judge Merrick Garland to the Supreme Court if elected as president.
Republicans in the Senate blocked the approval of Harland, as President Barack Obama nominated him in March.
The majority leader in the Senate, Mitch McConnell says that the next president will choose the person who will be able to replace the last Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia.
Reed said on a conference call Thursday that he predicts that Clinton will choose Harland "with some degree of confidence."
A spokeswoman for Reed later said he had not spoken to Clinton directly about whether she will nominate Harland, and just build the assumptions.
He praised Harland and said Clinton's team would not want to "rock the boat" with a new choice.
Garland is the chief judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia.
Reid said Republicans who are blocking the nomination of Harland, it's "henchmen" and "accomplices" of Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump.
He said Trump is not fit for the post.
It was claimed that the erotic calendars for 'women as well as men'
The magazine was cooperating with photographer David Bellmer to release the Pirelli calendar for 2017, inspired by the 1970s.
But instead of naked celebrities, they are set to find the next generation of top models for their calendar in 2017 with naked muse.
The president was Steve Shaw told us earlier this year that his magazine with a lot of nude models differs from old-fashioned Playboy because "Playboy" for men ."
I'm doing it for women.
Obviously, he thinks that the calendar is too.
"We need to go back to a classic demonstration of the eternal and the bare figures where women, as well as men, feel comfortable and inspired by these images of women's bodies," the show said in a press release announcing the calendar.
Women want to be part of this project because it is a beautiful work of art.
Models can apply photos online or in person at an open casting in Los Angeles and New York.
Muscovites will hand out leaflets about unscrupulous online stores.
In Moscow are going to release a memo that will tell you how not to become a victim of an online store.
This was reported by Rospotrebnadzor, the M24 writes.
It is reported that the department specialists are preparing a memo that will help citizens the right to choose an online store and identify possible fraudulent schemes.
The concept of this brochure provides several sections.
This will be the general information and legislative framework, the rules of delivering goods, ways to protect their legal rights.
The application will be given advice on how to make a claim and so on, "told the Rospotrebnadzor.
The note to the present moment is being finalized.
Subsequently, it will be posted on the website of Rospotrebnadzor in Moscow, also plans to release a printed version and distribute the Muscovites.
The Russian foreign ministry issued a statement that called the name of the second suspect in the organization of sabotage in Crimea.
Detained persons from the number of citizens of Ukraine and Russia to assist in the preparation of terrorist acts.
Among them are Panov Yevgeny Aleksandrovich and zakhtey Andrey Romanovich.
"All of them give confessions," the message reads.
Formerly a resident of Zaporozhye region Evgeny Panov, who was detained on suspicion of organizing attacks in Crimea, admitted his guilt on interrogation.
FAS fined Google for 438 million roubles.
Russia's Federal Antimonopoly Service (FAS) has appointed an administrative penalty for Google at $438 million rubles, according to the agency's website.
"The penalty for Google for violating antitrust laws amounted to 438 million rubles.
We hope that the company will fulfill our decision and pay a fine in the near future, "said the deputy head of the FAS Alexey Dotsenko.
During the investigation the FAS found that Google supplies manufacturers of smartphones, which are sold in Russia, the Google Play app store only on condition that the device will be installed and other applications of the corporation.
Among these applications is a search engine that should be placed on the main screen of a smartphone.
Thus, the corporation is violating Clause 1 of article 10 of the federal law on the protection of competition " (abuse of dominant position).
We are confident that the execution of the precept will provide an opportunity for the development of competition in the mobile software market in Russia that have a favorable impact on our consumers.
The law "on the protection of competition" must comply with all companies whose products are delivered to the territory of the Russian Federation, and transnational corporations including, "said the head of the Department of Communications and Information Technologies of FAS Russia Elena Zaev.
The agency suspects the collusion of 16 Russian stores.
The network "new book" fined for selling the book "50 days before my suicide."
A network of stores "new book" fined for selling books Stace Kramer "50 days before my suicide," according to City News Agency "Moscow."
As reported by Rospotrebnadzor, did not specify the amount of the fine, the text of the book may be regarded as "provoking or motivating to suicidal behavior in children and adolescents."
Ostankinsky District Court confirmed the violation of the established requirements spread among children of information products and decided to appoint a punishment in the form of fines and confiscation of 49 copies of printed products, arresting the management of Rospotrebnadzor.
A source in the "new book" confirmed that it is about the work of Stace Kramer.
In March this year, it was reported that the largest bookstores in Moscow are checking for the presence of the book "50 days before my suicide."
The evening of Ernst's memory of the unknown will be held in Moscow.
The evening will be held in Moscow, the memory of the sculptor Ernst of the unknown, TASS reported.
The event will take place on August 15 in the Central House of writers.
Unfortunately, not everyone will be able to say goodbye to the unknown in the US personally.
That is why it was decided to arrange this evening for those who want to commemorate it on home soil, "said the press service of the Russian Jewish Congress.
It noted that it is important for the widow of the sculptor Anne Graham and his friends around the world.
The evening invited close friends of the unknown, including the poet Yevgeny Yevtushenko, artist Boris Messerer, president of Pushkin Irina Antonova, director Mark Rozovsky, as well as Russia's culture minister, Vladimir Medinsky, the head of Moscow's culture department, Alexander Kibovsky, deputy mayor of Moscow Leonid operators.
Earlier it was reported that relatives of Ernst unknown plan to hold a memorial service for the sculptor in New York, presumably until August 14.
The final consumer of vinyl: who actually buys the records?
Lonely middle-aged men love vinyl.
And as long as you have not rushed to clog the comments section of crude insults under the pseudonym newseodinokiemujchinysrednichlet, this statement is derived from actual data.
According to YouGov, so many discuss the revival of records is due not to the boom of the 2000s generation, who want to feel the novelty of a material object, and the nostalgia of the middle years.
Those who recently bought a vinyl album with a big share of probabilities are aged 45 to 54, according to the data.
Moreover, those who belong to the age group 18-24, the least likely.
It is also not just the act of collecting amateurs - it has an emotional significance: a vinyl with several older buyers are more likely to keep their feelings to themselves (56% vs. 53%) and enjoy the solitude (69 percent vs. 66%).
But are the results of YouGov faithful?
If this blog was a TV news report, the camera would follow me as I would go in the middle of the busy streets of Soho, in a modest gray suit and gesticulating exploded before stopping, folding his arms and saying something impressive like: "So, let's see."
So, let's see.
While the heart of Soho slowly loses its charm and dirt - hotels, cafes, shops Paperchase now overran the building once occupied by independent sellers - several music shops with fantastic professionals still remained.
I would probably ask the camera to stop for the next scene in which I am close to various people in some of these shops and trying to assess their age and emotional mood through observation.
A native of Glasgow Stewart, 55 years old, for whom I walked from Sister Ray (counting data: two young women, three middle-aged men) to Reckless Records (counting data: eight middle-aged men, one woman is probably older than 20 years), in London for half a day to hold a meeting, and walks around the shop to take several hours.
He's a collector, I ask?
"I think yes," he says.
I have about 3,000 or 4,000 albums.
These records, pictured above (he sent me an email snapshot, I did not pursue it to the home), there are lines on the walls of his living room.
His reason for acquiring such a huge number of albums and singles partly follows from his disposable income: he can now buy a disc that he couldn't afford when they just came out and buy items that he sold when he was young and on the rocks.
"A lot of what I buy is the end of the '60s, early' 70s, things that came out when I was 11 or 12, the things for which I was probably too young to buy," he says.
He agrees that those who buy records, most likely, introverts who like their own company, adding: "I don't smoke, I don't drink a lot.
It's my fault.
Wez, 25, who works in Sister Ray, also believes that many customers, whom he meets, fit the profile of YouGov.
He has, however, noticed a new wave of people who are under the influence of the hype in the media, people who heard about the return and felt a duty to buy back their old records.
Judging from the conversations that I had, people got rid of their collections, usually around in 1998 or 1999.
Customers who once sold their vinyl to buy CDs, now sell their CDs to buy their records, "he says.
This may explain the boom among the resurgence of vinyl figures of a certain age.
And what about the supposed emotional importance of the plates?
Enough to spend a few seconds in the store, such as Phonica to understand that record stores offer a comfortable society to people with similar views.
According to Wez, some of the more senior clients, in particular, oskorblyaetsya non-cash payment system.
Some vinyl lovers can feel the shock from the digital world and prefer to retire to the permanence of familiar envelopes for records, items that awaken memories of serene youth.
"I think sometimes it may be filling the void or possession of material things as a kind of comfort," says Wez.
Because I am a collector, I have this, and I think a lot of people too.
It's a simple way to take my head.
"We like their social workers!" said a colleague from a rack of records.
ICM poll in April showed that almost 50 percent of people who bought a vinyl album last month, have yet to hear it.
The poll also found that 41 percent have a player that they never use, while 7 percent of those who buy vinyl, no player records.
At this stage of the news report, I would probably look seriously puzzled, leafing through the shelves with a collection of Bossa Nova.
"The people" aspect of rebirth is what noticed Johnny, 42, who works in the sounds of the universe (counting data: three middle-aged men).
"Someone came recently and said:" I don't have a record player, but I want to buy a Radiohead record so we could put it to a shelf, "he says.
It's not a big percentage, but it definitely happens.
More part of the item, less music.
We have people who say, "I don't have a player of the records."
It is younger people, not elderly, they are a little less than twenty who only get acquainted with it.
At Fopp, who now took almost the entire floor of vinyl, a much more diverse audience when I arrive.
There are couples who are over 70, tourists who photograph, teenage boys and middle-aged women.
Although the atmosphere is less relaxed than in the aforementioned stores - the latest Sint - and sexy pop Wild Beast, not jazz improvisation, filtered through a column - nice to see the diversity in their customers.
None of them looks particularly lonely, but painful psychological trauma is difficult to set up 30 seconds next to someone.
Eleanor, 27, went to Fopp for several minutes, considering various records available for sale.
She looks at the goods rather than spending money.
She doesn't earn much, she says, so collecting the records is not a suitable option.
It's expensive.
Listening to music on a computer or other device is simple, but the beauty of vinyl is ... ,"" she is immersed in dreams with a sigh, filled with love.
I don't know how to explain - it's really unique.
My last stop is a shop that is said to have contributed to the emergence of a new generation of fans of vinyl: Urban modnik.
As long as I create the illusion that consider the skin-tight denim shorts, I watch a group of teenage girls, each minute gathering around a Polaroid camera, before the father and his daughter will start discussing the purchase of player Crosley.
On the left is a staircase, whose wall covered plate Adel, Jeff Buckley, Amy Winehouse and Fleetwood Mack: a mixture of contemporary style and classics, obligatory records for any average collection.
Nobody looks - perhaps because they are simply decoration, some are so high on the wall, that it would be impossible to touch them.
It's a real "artistic vinyl."
But, given that any attention to these subjects could mean more money for the industry and send several clients in the depths of Soho for some time, almost never complain.
Not surprisingly, the layer of the population, who are more likely than most have more time and money than most is the layer that spends the most money on luxury items such as vinyl.
But as long as my findings suggest that the YouGov results are correct, at least in record stores in SoHo, they do not rule out the existence of vinyl collectors and a huge number of women that exist in reality in record stores and online forums.
These people are probably working hard at school or office.
But they clearly do not spend the morning of Thursday, walking down the record shop on Berwick Street, leafing discs and avoiding the unpleasant sight of 30-year-old fake lead that hangs over the shoulders of unsuspecting middle-aged men.
Greenland polar shark - the most long-lived foramen animal - gallery
Scientists claim that the Greenland shark has the highest life expectancy of all vertebrates on the planet.
Julius Nielsen, who is studying these sharks, says the record put the female age from 272 to 512 years and five metres long
French court rejects the proposal to demolish the stores in the Jungle refugee camp
A French court rejected a proposal by the Calais authorities to demolish dozens of makeshift shops and restaurants in the jungle camp, where thousands of refugees live.
At a court hearing this week, the authorities of Calais arguing that the state should be able to demolish a total of 72 makeshift shops where people inside the camp are selling goods, from cigarettes to energy drinks, vows to offer or sell tea for 50 cents (40er) or simple dishes for a few euros in makeshift restaurants.
The Calais prefecture has suggested that these places should be torn down because they are a parallel economy that does not pay taxes, and because they carry the fire and sanitary risks.
Humanitarian groups, told the court that shops and restaurants are vitally necessary, saying that free meals offered by the pro government Association and other groups do not give enough food for a growing population in the camp.
They spoke out that homemade shops and restaurants often provide shelter and free food to those who need it.
Lille court ruled that there was no legal basis to expel people managing 72 improvised stores, but said the problems of the Calais prefecture "were fully understood."
Judge Jean Francois Molla said that grocers, cafes and restaurants have played a much bigger role than just feeding people who "live in extremely precarious conditions."
He said that the space provided a quiet meeting point for refugees and volunteers.
One of the places that had been under threat of demolition, the cafe was a children's Book At The Jungle camp that works not for the benefit and offers 200 meals a day, the English and French language classes and counseling to provide refuge for hundreds of vulnerable unaccompanied minors in the camp.
More than 170,000 people have signed a petition to protect the children's cafe.
A letter sent to the Guardian announced that its closure "would be a disaster for these children, some of whom are no older than eight years."
Two charitable institutions, Helping Refugees and L'Auberge des self-consciousness on Friday estimated that the numbers in the jungle camp grew and more than 9 000 people - the highest in history - after a sharp increase in the newly-arrived during the summer.
The libraries of neighbourhoods are invited to young svobodnenets on cognitive programs.
This week the library branches will hold meetings devoted to the city's day, year of Russian cinema, and even the day of fitness.
The programs are targeted at children's audience, so mostly take place in game shape.
Today, on August 10, library branch No. 2, in the zalineyny neighborhood, invites to cruise the presentation "my small town."
On August 11 at the library branch No. 1 will pass local lore hour "I live in this city, I know this city."
In the library branch No. 2 on the same day will be a multimedia lesson "native land last fate."
And in the library branch No. 4 in surazhivka - game program "film, film, film."
On Sunday, August 14, for the guys from the northern community library branch No. 3 will hold the game program "FizKult Hello!."
Britain stops on the silver in rugby sevens after Fiji's master class allows them to take gold
An impressive series of Britain in the sevens team was stunningly stopped at the final hurdle of Fiji in the final on Thursday night when they were completely crushed 43-7 at Deodoro stadium here in Rio.
Fiji gave a master class in possession of the ball, raspasovka, evasion, support of the game, probeganie lines and brute force to win gold - their first Olympic medal of any color.
The defeat came with not too poor consolation in the form of silver - the third in Britain for the day - and they can be proud of their efforts in the first Olympic rugby sevens tournament, which won on the way to New Zealand, Argentina and South Africa.
The painful beating Boks, 7-5 in the semi-finals earlier on the same day, could return to negatively affect them in the final.
But, in spite of that, Fiji won in such a form as the best team of 15 people.
It may be some consolation for the UK - but probably not - that at least one Briton hangs tomorrow on the neck of a gold medal: Fiji head coach Ben Ryan, former chief of England from Wimbledon.
It was some journey for the UK.
Eight years ago, under Ryan, they lost every game on Adelaide Sevens.
Here they lost just one.
These strikes will cause pain, but progress is striking.
Fiji started great, for fun, beating Britain's attempts to intercept the ball.
It was like a stumble on a column of moving buses for captain Tom Mitchell and company, and the World Series champions went up 5-0 when Osea colinisau dived into the corner.
With four minutes on the clock, Jerryr Tuvaty added another touchdown on the right flank, which was implemented.
12-0 and the UK barely touched the ball.
A great attempt to intercept Mitchell held a man mountain Leon nakarav to score a third, but this is only a delay of Fiji.
In the seventh minute of Jas Veremalua made a touchdown in the right corner, and the UK was losing 17-0.
Nakarava added another after the resumption and there was still more than a minute on the clock ... in the first half.
Vatemo naturally then broke through a few more sluggish attempts to intercept the UK and the storm took a line to get a point.
The realization led to 29-0 in the break.
It looked as if Fiji were born to play in the rugby sevens, while Britain was still obsessed with craft.
That is largely true.
Britain committed mass replacement for half the game, and they advertise Fijian dam ... for all four minutes that by the standards of the first half was good until it was Joshua tuisov after several brilliant Fijian interactions.
Dan Norton grabbed an attempt for the UK by making a touchdown in the left corner to score a 36-7, but the game had long gone the way of the South Sea Islanders, whose fans were singing, waving flags and dancing in the stands.
It was impossible not to admire the full joy of Fiji's approach.
Mata William embellished Fijian cake, which did not need embellishment, another attempt in the last seconds.
The whistle sounded, the Fijians hugged, and Britain fell on the lawn, completely defeated.
Earlier in the day, Fiji defeated Japan Chuao in his semi-final, and the UK slightly outperformed South Africa in a tense semi-final one attempt to everyone - the difference is the British implementation.
Kyle Brown puts Boks ahead in the first half, but Dan Norton with the help of some magnificent work legs broke the line and scored under the beams in the second half.
A brilliant last attempt to intercept from Marcus Watson, the brother of the 15-v side of the England team, Anthony, secured the victory - and ultimately the silver medal.
Helen Glover and Heather Stanning inspired to win a rowing coach fight with cancer
There will be no more exciting gold at these games, and it's about something says.
From the first movement to the last, 220 heavy booms in history, Helen Glover and Heather Stanning found an additional value of their golden moment at Estacio da Lagoa.
Although they were the two who were pulling the oars, the boat had three voices, echo coach Robin Williams was always so long as they sought to a second consecutive Olympic gold in the women's pairs, the first women in the annals of British sport, who have reached such heights.
Their superiority was absolute, in the end it was their 39-e nepobezhdenic speech, again unprecedented.
What we see, two brilliant sportswomen, sliding across the surface with the elegance of swans, does not fully reflect the nature of the triumph.
Behind every rowing gold battalion finished hands conducive to gradually progressive victories that are important, and there are no hands that were more important than the hands of a coach who is 30 months ago, when he was diagnosed with cancer, he did not know whether he will live to see this day.
As he said, it was a dangerous thing.
I had a bladder cancer, which is one of the things that they can operate, and they did.
If they do not, it goes everywhere.
It could have been a pretty bad situation.
She's a little bit of changing your views on the future.
Williams was diagnosed in December 2013.
The trio was lucky that he could start treatment in early 2014 in the off-season, keeping the gap graph minimal, if it could be the right expression in such circumstances like these.
I needed to pay, so I don't need it quickly.
It was a stimulus.
I was in hospital and walk on secession - 20 feet, 30 feet, 50 feet at a time, although they said there were quite a few steps.
That's how it starts.
Rowing itself is a journey, but it makes it a little more.
In the next moment after winning their first thoughts were about Williams, who spent the morning talking a little bit more nervous than usual, in an attempt to overcome their own experiences.
Stanning, captain of the artillery regiment with the service in Afghanistan behind, said: "I was an emotional wreck this week, maybe it's a bit too much, but it means so much."
It just confirms how much it means to me, how much I and Helen worked, and Robin, too.
It's been a fantastic three years with Helen and Robin.
Without Robin, we would be nobody, so many thanks to him, he's the best coach in the world.
I could not ask for a better partner for training or a better coach.
Helen Glover and Heather Stanning didn't lose a single race for five years.
This couple sets a tense rhythm that their competitors could never match.
Even in the last 500 metres, when Team New Zealand and Denmark began approaching, Stanning and Glover had too much in reserve.
We were heavily in the phase.
Helen's call: 'stay in the process, stay in the process'.
Now it is very important not to get involved.
We had a good start, and at the same time we didn't try to do something awesome.
We were not expecting fireworks today, we just waited to pull well and go out and win this race, which we did.
The couple will take a year to decide their future.
Glover needs to be at the wedding next month, on her own with a TV adventure adventurer Steve Backshall.
Now she wants to just enjoy the moment.
I didn't want to say it was my last race.
That would mean too much pressure.
In London, it took about six months to realize that I became an Olympic champion.
It all was so new and I was so tight.
It took about four minutes.
I feel so much better, "she said.
The government has extended the deadline for the destruction of the sanction products
The government has extended the deadline until the end of 2017 to destroy food banned from import into Russia.
The corresponding resolution signed by Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev, it is published on the official website of the legal information.
The embargo against countries that introduced anti-Russian sanctions because of the situation in Ukraine, was introduced in our country in August 2014.
Subsequently, the ban has been repeatedly extended, now it is valid until December 31 2017-go.
Russia is forbidden to import some types of agricultural products, raw materials and food from the United States, the European Union, Canada, Australia, Norway, Ukraine, Albania, Montenegro, Iceland and Liechtenstein.
In particular, the ban got meat and meat products, fish, seafood, vegetables, fruit and dairy products.
Utilization of food imported into the country in bypassing the embargo is held in Russia since August 2015.
Only for the first quarter of 2016 from sale seized about 100 tons of banned products.
The hunt for the "zapreshchenka"
On Friday, rain and thunderstorms are expected in Moscow.
The metropolitan area will pass through the atmospheric front which will bring rain and lower temperatures.
During the day, the air Fatullayev up to 25 degrees of heat.
So, the night will take place on Saturday in Moscow, intermittent rain, possible thunderstorms and wind gusts of up to 15 m/s.
The day is expected to rain with thunderstorms and wind gust to 12-17 m/s.
Rains with thunderstorms forecast also in Oryol, Kursk and Voronezh region, reported "deni.ru."
The next week's precipitation is unlikely.
The WTO panel of arbitrators found that Russian import duties on paper, refrigerators and palm oil are contrary to the rules of the organization.
Import rates exceed the obligations assumed by Russia in accession to the WTO.
"This is the first case where the WTO has decided against the Russian Federation," said a message on the organization's official website.
However, referees have stressed in his conclusion that the European Union has not provided sufficient evidence that Russia's actions were "systematic" or "wore a comprehensive nature."
Russia, in turn, promised at the time to adapt import duties on paper and refrigerators.
This is stated in the report of the Ministry of Economic Development of Russia.
On 4 July, it was reported that Kiev intends to complain to the World Trade Organization on the actions of Russia, which imposed additional restrictions on the transit of Ukrainian goods.
This is stated in a statement by the Ukrainian government.
In May, the Financial Times wrote that the behavior of the United States in resolving contentious issues in the WTO undermines the principles adopted by the organization's discussions.
A similar statement made by Brazil, Japan, the European Union and other members of the WTO because of Americans' refusal to approve a second term of the South Korean judge Jang Hwa.
In connection with this, Russia will not turn to the WTO on Western sanctions imposed against Russia.
The WTO is an international organization created in January 1995 for the liberalisation of international trade.
Now it includes 162 countries.
Russia joined her in 2012.
The head of the presidential administration has changed
Russian President Vladimir Putin has appointed the head of his own administration of former Deputy Sergei Ivanov Anton Vaino.
Vladimir Putin held a reshuffle in the president's administration and expressed hope that the new head of his administration would contribute to the constructive work of the government and the Kremlin.
In turn, Anton Vaino said during the meeting that he believes an important anti-corruption work that began to hold as head of the presidential administration Sergey Ivanov, and promised to cooperate with the government.
Previously "Izvestia" wrote that experts consider the situation with Sergei Ivanov's resignation from his post as head of the administration of the transparent and understandable and changed nothing fundamentally alters the activity of the Kremlin administration.
They note that left the manager who led the work in the president's administration enough long term, effectively built the activities of the PA.
Instead, he came to the deputy head of administration Anton Vaino - a man who knows the specifics of this work.
In Poland admit that they will not buy fuel from Gazprom.
The Polish state oil and gas company PGNiG does not exclude that after a few years of gas supplies from Russia could become unattractive for her because of re-focusing on fuel from Norway and other countries.
This was reported by the vice president of the Polish company for finance Bohuslav Marzec.
His words transmit TASS.
"It may happen that we don't completely buy gas (Gazprom), now we diversify our supplies.
Within the next four years, the main supply lines for us will be the East, raw materials from LNG terminals and Norway, "Marzec said.
Gazprom currently occupies a dominant position in the supply of gas to Poland.
On Friday, August 12, PGNiG reported that the Russian supplier in the first half of 2016 put it nearly 5.3 billion cubic meters of gas, which is 30 percent above the level of 2015.
The share of the Russian gas giant in PGNiG purchases rose to 49.8% compared with 40 percent a year earlier.
Recall that on July 22, the anti-monopoly agency of Poland have not agreed on the creation of a joint venture with Gazprom and its European partners for the construction of Nord Stream-2 gas pipeline ."
A month earlier, Poland left the request to Gazprom to supply 11 billion cubic meters of gas by "Nord Stream-2."
This was announced by the deputy chairman of the board of the holding, Alexander Medvedev.
The auction on the power of "Northern Stream-2" will take place in 2017, and the autumn of 2016 is scheduled to hold an auction for its laying.
In late May, it was reported that Gazprom is not planning to take any action in connection with the intentions of the Polish side to abandon long-term contracts for the supply of gas from Russia after 2022, said Alexander Medvedev, deputy chairman of the company's board.
He recalled that in the first quarter of this year the Poles only increased by 42% of gas purchases from Russia.
Gazprom's deputy chairman added that the very fact of Polish PGNiG statements in the Stockholm arbitration court does not mean an end to negotiations.
The Polish company had previously appealed to the court to reduce the purchase price for Russian gas.
Recall, the representative of the government of Poland on gas and energy infrastructure, Peter naimsky reported that the Polish authorities decided not to extend the contract with Gazprom for gas supplies.
Poland's contract with Gazprom was signed in 1996 and expires in 2022.
In March, the commissioner of the government of Poland on gas and energy infrastructure, Peter naimsky claimed that his country in six years could refuse to supply gas from the East.
According to him, Warsaw is planning to build a new terminal for liquefied natural gas supply Baltic pipe, which will connect the country with the Norwegian shelf.
"Nord Stream-2" envisages the construction of two threads of marine gas pipeline with a total capacity of 55 billion cubic meters of gas per year from Russia to Germany under the Baltic Sea.
The OSCE's special monitoring mission (stated) increased the number of observers near Ukraine's border with Crimea.
It said the first deputy stated in Ukraine, Alexander Hug.
"I can confirm that SMM-0,16 has increased the number of observers in this area," he said, answering the question of journalists, transmits "RIA Novosti."
According to the OSCE, the situation on the border of Ukraine and Crimea is calm, incidents affecting security, there are not recorded.
Observers monitored the events at three checkpoints across the Ukrainian border.
The video appeared on the network of Ufa Yak-42 passenger plane to land at the airport, which rolled out beyond the runway at 400 meters and fell on the left wing.
Video footage published a "360" TV channel.
The accident happened at 4.30 pm Moscow time.
"Krasavia Airlines" flight "arrived from Sochi.
They were quickly evacuated to a safe place, there are no casualties.
The aircraft was transported to the parking lot.
Ufa airport operates in normal mode.
Privolzhsky inquest bears on transport management engaged in finding out the cause of the hard landing of the aircraft liner.
The UN is investigating the use of chemical weapons in Syria.
The UN special commission is investigating the possible use of toxic gas in the rebel held areas of the Syrian city of Aleppo.
All parties to the conflict to deny the use of chlorine, but the UN's special envoy on Syria, Steffan de Mistura, considers the undeniable fact of what happened.
Similar statements were made on the eve of the third round mezhsiriysky talks, which are scheduled to begin at the end of August in Geneva.
UN experts have begun an investigation into reports of the use of chemical weapons in the Syrian city of Aleppo.
The first information about the attack with the use of toxic gas, presumably chlorine, appeared on August 2.
Then, the opposition said that in the area where the Russian military transport helicopter was shot down on the eve, aviation has dumped a bomb with a toxic substance, but in Moscow, these accusations have called stuffing.
Later, the Russian Defense Ministry blamed the incident on the opposition group "Harakat Nur al-Din AZ Zinka."
Soon it became known that "there were two bombs with toxic gas.
This confirmed the BBC one of the victims.
"A few minutes later, I felt the smell of gas, began burning eyes, it became difficult to breathe," the publication quoted the words of the beholder.
As a result of the attack, at least seven people were killed, 23 were hospitalized.
If the fact of the use of poison gas is confirmed by experts, the action will be regarded as a war crime.
The UN special envoy for Syria Staffan de Mistura told reporters: "The evidence that this really happened, a lot."
Inadmissibility of the chlorine used for military purposes by the Convention on the prohibition of chemical weapons (CWC).
Although all sides of the Syrian conflict to deny the use of toxic gases, in 2015, human rights activists recorded 35 cases of the use of chlorine to the Syrian army against the "moderate opposition."
The situation in Aleppo complicates that the shelling of its districts are being conducted on a daily basis, and terrorists are hampered by the conclusion of residents from the city.
As Reuters reported, the UN is waiting for Russia to establish a "humanitarian pause" in military action.
The current regime of the daily three-hour lull in the organization is "insufficient to help nearly 2 million civilians caught in the trap."
Staffan de Mistura, Adviser on Humanitarian Affairs Jan Egeland said the city to deliver aid and evacuate the wounded and sick from there every week will require forty-eight hour ceasefire.
"We have to send a bulky cargo truck convoy in the area where the roads are practically destroyed, and those that remained, sailors," Mr. Egeland said. "But the Russian delegation confirmed its willingness to sit down with us at the negotiating table."
The consultations in Geneva between U.S. and Russian representatives regarding the establishment of a "humanitarian pause" continue.
How Russia opened a "humanitarian window" in Aleppo.
In the face of an ongoing battle for Aleppo - Syria's second largest city, on August 11, Russia announced the introduction of a three-hour regime to stop the fighting, which will operate daily from Thursday.
The creation of a "humanitarian window" is meant to provide conditions for the delivery of medical supplies, food and basic necessities.
The Russian Defense Ministry's decision taken amid growing international pressure on Moscow to curtail military operation and facilitate the resumption of the negotiation process.
As a result of a series of explosions at the resorts of Thailand, four people died.
Several explosions rocked the South of Thailand on Friday morning.
The attack killed four people, wounded 19.
The epicenter of the explosions came to the city of Hua Hin.
Ten foreigners were among the victims, the citizens of four states, no Russians among them.
Responsibility for the incident has not yet taken any of the terrorist groups, but the country's interior ministry has hurried to declare that the Islamists are not involved with him.
On suspicion of organizing explosions have already been detained several people.
According to preliminary data from the local police, the scale and peculiarities of the bombings show that they were directed against the head of the country's military.
The attacks occurred on the popular tourist resorts, including Patong Beach in Phuket district and the city of Hua Hin, Trang province and Surat Thani.
After the military junta came to power in the country in 2014 economic growth fell from 7.2% (2012) to 2.8% (2015), but tourism remains one of the few industries that demonstrate the development.
In 2016, the country has already visited 14 million people, which is 1.5 million more indicators of 2015.
The first suspects have already been detained in the preparation and organization of the attacks, said police Colonel Crisana Patanacharoen.
It is too early to talk about goals, he added, but the country's Interior Ministry "are confident that they are not associated with international extremist groups."
It is too early to draw conclusions, "said Mr. patanacharoen.
But we do know that these incidents are not directly linked to any kind of terrorism, in fact it is a local diversion, and we are trying to establish the identity of those who stood behind them.
The explosions occurred on the birthday of the Queen of Thailand sikrit.
The Thai junta considers protecting the monarchy as one of its top priorities, so the incident is likely directed against it.
According to the police general Sithichaya Schrisopacharoenrath, the bombs were exploded remotely with a difference in half an hour.
They were hidden inside the trees on the lively streets filled with dining in restaurants by tourists.
It is known that one of the four dead was a Thai girl selling street food.
The identity of the other victims is unknown, but it is known that they are residents of four foreign states.
According to the Royal Thai Police, among them four German nationals, three Dutch nationals, two Italian citizens and an Austrian citizen.
There are no Russians among the victims of the explosions, said the press service of Rostourism.
Local experts also linked the explosions took place on August 7 with a referendum on which 61.4% of the population supported the draft of a new constitution.
It was prepared by the Commission on drafting a constitution, appointed by the military junta.
Voters had to decide whether they support a system in which the upper chamber of parliament fully appointed by the military and has a significant role in the election of the prime minister of the country.
The new system was adopted and will be tested for the first time in the parliamentary elections of 2017.
Recall, on May 22, 2014 in Thailand, a military coup took place under the leadership of the country's army commander Prayut Chan Ócsa.
On the move, he said, the army had emboldened the ongoing political crisis and the lack of progress in negotiations between the government and the opposition.
The military created the National Council for peace and order, imposed a curfew and censorship, to disperse the protesters and the upper house of parliament.
How Bangkok appeared to be in emergency
Thailand's government, led by Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra in January 2014, announced the introduction of a state of emergency in Bangkok and surrounding provinces to the capital.
The special regime lasted for 60 days.
Two explosions rocked in Bangkok.
In January 2014 at the Victory Monument in central Bangkok, where one of the main protests took place, there were two explosions, in which 28 people were injured, five of them were in critical condition.
The explosions produced unknown on motorcycles.
Authorities have stepped up security measures in the capital and attracted military forces to protect demonstrators.
In the Dry Log began the development of conditions.
As it has become known, "Kommersant," the government offered to agree on a draft of the conditions of the auction on zolotorudny field Dry Log with saving two key restrictions.
The auction is offered not to allow a company where 25% or more owned by foreigners, and those claimants, whose capital will not be at least 25% gosuchastie.
Participants in the industry do not expect the government to rewrite the terms, noting that many players and so no risk to undertake a complicated and expensive project.
Auction can announce in August, and spend - in October.
The ministry introduced the draft government orders and conditions of the auction at nerazrabotanic Blagodatnoye field in Russia's largest dry log (Irkutsk Oblast, reserves and resources - 130 million ounces), told Kommersant, two sources familiar with the situation.
The project is introduced on Wednesday evening, clarifies one of them.
The ministry confirmed "Kommersant" that the project was introduced to the government.
A spokesman for supervising the entrails of Deputy Prime Minister Alexander Khloponin told Kommersant that the project had not yet entered the official apparatus.
"The auction could be announced in August, shortly after the release of the government's orders, and given the deadline to collect the applications of potential participants (at least 45 days) tender could take place in October," the ministry said.
According to Kommersant, the project has two key requirements to potential participants, inscribed in the version that went to the coordination of ministries and foivo in July ("Kommersant").
The first is the presence in the capital of applicants not less than 25% of gosuchastie.
The second is the denial of access to an auction for companies under the control of foreign investors, based on the understanding of the fes-57 inoinvestition in the Strategic Society.
According to two federal law, as stated in the draft articles already written "Kommersant" on August 2, the auction may not allow companies whose beneficiaries (25% of shares and above) are not tax residents of the Russian Federation or have dual citizenship.
The government has the right to impose such restrictions, as the Dry Log belongs to the federal reserves of more than 50 tons of gold).
The ministry confirmed that the project "contains restrictions on the admission of foreign companies," but refused to comment on the details of the government's orders.
The requirement of gosuchastie auction participants in the capital made the Irkutsk region, spoke in December of 2015 "Kommersant" in the ministry and confirmed later regional governor Sergei Levchenko, noting that it was directed at the Ministry of his predecessor Sergei eroshchenko, "an agreement on the" Rostech "farmed."
Who lobbied the restriction on the admission of foreigners, the interlocutors "c"ne clarify.
"But it is in the spirit of the time: do not give the same control in the largest gold mine in Russia against Western sanctions," says interlocutor "Kommersant" familiar with the preparation of the auction.
The head of the Ministry Sergei Donskoy said on August 1 that foreigners "can go to the consortium" if applicants will attract them "as a financial structure, technological partners."
The interlocutors "Kommersant" considered unlikely that the government adjusted the conditions.
The main contender for the Dry Log in the industry believe the consortium is the largest Russian gold PJSC "pole," a son of Suleyman Kerimov Saeed, and "Rostech."
As I wrote "Kommersant," the partners have created a joint venture in July "SL gold," where the "pole" 51% stake, the structure of "Rostech" RT GR - 49%.
In "Rostech" refused to comment, the "pole" declared "Kommersant" that "will certainly have an interest in this asset" and have all the necessary expertise and resources for its development.
"But the final decision on the possibility and the format of our participation will be taken after the announcement of the conditions," added in "pole."
Alrosa can participate in the auction, but the decision by the Russian government, sources told Kommersant.
On the possibility of participation in the development Of The Dry Log stated Russian GV Gold and Canadian Kinross, developing assets in Chukotka, while Polymetal and Nordgold, according to Kommersant, is not interested in the asset.
The head of the Russian Union of Sergei Kashuba in December 2015 estimated "Kommersant" investments in Dry Log $2,5-4 billion.
Most of the potential candidates scares off not only the volume of investment, but also the complexity of the project: need serious additional reconnaissance stocks and technology work with complex ores, explain the interlocutors "Kommersant" in the industry.
The pension market started the largest M&A deal - "Kit Finance Pension administrator" launched the process of combining four controlled NPF.
As a result, on the basis of "Gazfond pension savings" will be created by the NPF with savings of about 373 billion rubles.
The launch of the procedure of the four pension funds - "Keith finance," "promagrofond," "heritage" and "Gazfond pension savings" - yesterday informed the owner of 100% of the funds LLC "Keith Finance Pension administrator."
"The reorganization is carried out in coordination with the central bank in compliance with the requirements of neuhudsheniya conditions of existing contracts," the company said in a statement.
The association is carried out on the basis of "Gazfond pension accumulation."
As CEO of the APF Oleg białoszycki, pooling funds to solve several problems: expanding the presence of geography, the concentration of resources for development, reducing costs, duplication of the best practices of each of the funds and optimization of corporate governance.
According to him, the approximate deadline for completion of consolidation is the second quarter of 2017.
As a result of the merger of NPF "Gazfond pension savings" will become the largest player in the market of TSOs.
As of March 31, the amount of pension savings combined funds exceeded 373 billion rubles.
According to a report on the website of the funds, the beneficiaries of their owner - "Kit Finance Pension administrator" - are currently Anatoly Gavrilenko (through government-controlled LLC owns 65%) and NPF "Gazfond" (35%).
However, the group itself launched much later competitors.
Thus, the rubber-stamp group O1 NPF "future" swallowed "stalfond" again at the beginning of this year.
Currently this joint NPF attaches the funds "UralSib" and "Russian Standard."
"Merging into a single structure, in addition to reducing costs, is necessary to solve structural problems," said the CEO of NPF "future" Nikolai Sidorov.
Active work on consolidation of funds since April and goes into the pension group "safmar" - NPF "European," "Education and Science" and "regionfond" should join the NPF "safmar" before the end of this year.
In 2017 it will be joined by the NPF "trust."
"Merging funds will give the effect of increased risk control, operational processes and costs," noted in the pension group "safmar."
The pause in union funds that withstood "Keith Finance Pension administrator" may be due to several reasons, experts say.
Until recently, the APF could not buy more than 40% of the total volume of infrastructure bonds, which was active in the group.
After making amendments to the resolution of the central bank in March this year on a number of issuers that meets the requirements of the regulator, there is no such restrictions.
If necessary, the whole issue can buy one major player, "indicates the group's director of ratings of financial institutions acre Yuri nogin.
Several managers of pension funds from the top 15 on the assets of another possible reason for pause is called the division of spheres of influence and, as a consequence, personnel appointments in a single fund that were supposed to coordinate the group's owners.
Yesterday, Anatoly Gavrilenko was unavailable for comment.
At the request of Kommersant in the NPF "Gazfond" also did not respond.
Although consolidation of the funds is labor-intensive and nedesheva event, at a long distance, this decision will be justified.
As CEO of the consulting firm "pension partner" Sergey okolesnov, "Gazfond pension savings" less outflows, accession will help stabilize the base of the other group's funds.
It will demand a more successful experience of the NPF "Keith finance" and "promagrofond" to build retail sales of TSOs, as well as the use of more modern software.
The requirements of the central bank to the processes and NPF personnel constantly grow, so duplicate infrastructure on four funds under a single investpolitics impractical, believes the managing director of corporate ratings "RA" expert Pavel Mitrofanov.
"The effect of reducing duplicate functions clearly overlap the possible costs of unification," said Mr Mitrofanov.
The costs of merging the four funds Sergei okolesnov estimated at 30-50 million rubles.
"The costs of the four funds of such dimensions are about 400 million rubles per year, with consolidation in the medium term budget actually cut in half," I am sure Mr. okolesnov.
The Russian car came out good Disney movies "Pete and his Dragon."
Beautiful species of New Zealand, the emphasis of the Dragon, dushechipatelny stories and songs in the style of a country enough to again believe in old-fashioned magic, says ELENA KRAVTSUN.
Scare the kid picked up a dragon, who became a human child and a gentle nurse, and a devoted friend.
Pete calls his friend Elliot, in honor of a puppy from a book of fairy tales, is playing catch-up with him and falls asleep in embracing one another.
Six years later he, wearing a loincloth and a blindfold, no longer distinguish from another wildest Forest tomboy - Mowgli.
In this form of Pete and discovers the red-haired woman Yeger Grace (Bryce Dallas Howard), while Gavin brigade (Karl Urban), the brother of her husband, aggressively lumping the forest.
Now she will have to not only believe in the existence of a dragon, but also to help save him.
Pete goes through an accelerated course "be a man" surrounded by idyllic Americans who wear shirts Cowgirls, a moral code in the heart and a dazzling smile, than in any advertising.
No character does not look or act too badly, so that the viewer really began to hate or fear him.
Even Gavin, open hunting for atypical forest dweller subservient to him, far to the incorrigible villain.
A huge fluffy dragon, too, turned out to be not a scary, with good snout bulldog, avialainersky wingspan and the ability to become invisible.
Dragon funny gnawing, purring, even found and, fortunately, does not say, but like patting him all the time, it differs from all known cinematic Dragons.
The visual image of Elliott and his manner to hold on to provide such a high degree of emotional involvement, in the most tense moment start desperately crying in three stream not only small audiences, but also adults.
Surprisingly good and juvenile Oakes Figeľ in the role of Pete, torn between a possible family and a true friend.
And Robert Redford brilliantly gives the canonical grandfather, who would be happy to have literally every child.
As director David Lowry managed to lift a fantastically cute remake of the forgotten Disney movie "Pete's Dragon" of 1977, mediocre from nose to tail and one-upped only a mix of animation and game film, and make it the most sincere movie this summer?
Not otherwise how the miracle helped.
In his picture Lowry from the original, in essence, took only two things: orphan Pete and Dragon.
The musical numbers were left behind, and most of the strange jokes.
In this good tale read features borrowed from "Bambi," "Alien" and many other cute heart of children's paintings.
Disney's studio continues to successfully expand the gallery of high-quality remakes of the 21st century.
Of course, "Pete and the Dragon" is not so incredibly beautiful, as the same "Jungle Book," and there is no skilful villain, which turned out to be Kate Blanchett as a stepmother in the new "Cinderella."
But this naive film no less successfully helps to believe in miracles and good in the best traditions of the Triassic.
By the way, the keys from Disney's Magic Castle director Lowry will get once again - for the artistic kinoadaptation story of "Peter Pan."
Worked in "pita and his dragon" tandem David Lowry and writer Toby Halbrooks entered a new ambitious project about not mature boy on the tale of James Barry.
RBC's journalist Alexander Sokolov will be presented with a new charge
Lawyers for the RBC journalist Alexander Sokolov, accused of organizing the activities of extremist structures, said that prosecutors had found defects in their fight.
The fact that the prosecutor's office has issued such a view, we learned from investigators literally yesterday.
We had planned to attend a court hearing on the issue of restrictions on materials of the criminal case, but the meeting did not take place, but investigators told us about a presentation of the prosecutor's office, "RBC's lead lawyer Olga dinza words.
She said the prosecutor's office pointed investigators to a mismatch of skills of the case and collected materials.
Now investigators will have to eliminate gaps in the evidence base and impose a new charge of Alexander Sokolov.
In either case there will be another article of the criminal code (CC), or will remain the same, but with other arguments and new evidence, clarifies Ms. dinza.
According to Kommersant, Alexander Sokolov was arrested on July 29, 2015.
In June this year, it was reported that the investigation was excluded from the accusations of journalist RBC wording of "undermining the political situation in the direction of instability" and "illegal" government overthrow.
Correspondent "commersantyboscosport" ALEXANDER SILBERT returned to live life in the Olympic village, inspected the house of the Russian national team, had dinner at a local dining room and even passed the test by WADA.
It seems that life here never stops for a second.
Even at night.
Last start sometimes finished at midnight, after which the athletes need another hour and a half or two to get back to the Olympic village.
Besides, without stopping the settlement and eviction from the village, because some athletes complete their performances and leave Brazil, and some, by contrast, only arrived here.
Well, at 7:30 a.m. in one of the temporary tents stretch the heads of all Olympic delegations.
At these meetings, we usually discuss any operational domestic issues, "said the head of the Russian Olympic team sports delegations Igor Kazik. - Despite the fact that the house in which you will find our, exemplary - it passed into operation, one of the first and showed everyone checked, even in it, and there are some very quiet.
That is the problem with hot water, then, sorry, with the toilet.
We have long fought for purity.
At first, just no one came to get out.
Then came Kliner, but only popshikai some substance on the floor, yes and everything.
The floors at them, you see, some innovative.
They say, you can't wash them with human beings.
Yes, we know these floors - laminate common!
In general, have made a change of the cleaning company and now with that everything is OK.
The Olympic Village is a South Butovo, a sleeping area, fenced on one side of the mountains, with others - an impressive moat, places overwhelmed by water.
Well, for reliability still has a six-foot iron fence around the perimeter, which they get along.
The entire village can accommodate up to 17,000 people in 3604 apartments located in 31 houses.
On one of the eighteen-storey buildings hangs a huge Russian flag - this house is completely devoted to the needs of our national team.
Look at the small foyer at the entrance, you can immediately determine what problems, apparently, are the most pressing for the national team.
Two ads are hanging at the reception: printed "please don't throw the paper into the toilet!" and "accept the gift of icons.
The rack itself sank in booklets.
Their cheerful colouring contrasts with the title of brochures: "Tips on infectious diseases for travelling in Rio de Janeiro," "first aid when drowning, hit the foreign body in the respiratory tract, loss of consciousness - stages of cardiopulmonary resuscitation," "first aid with sunburn, heat stroke, fractures and bleeding."
The text inside is generally reassuring.
For example, such as: "Infection is accompanied by fever and subsequent healing.
But the favorable outcome is not all.
Of course, the Russian national team has its location, which at any moment is ready to provide skilled care home residents, including relaxing and sports massage.
Just the opposite is the headquarters of our delegation.
Next door is an inspirational poster "in spite of that, we will win!."
Well, of course, the poems:
All the arguments are absolute nonsense!
They believe only those who fear.
Let the less of us, the sweet taste of victory, Russia will not depart, do not break!
And for even greater lifting the spirit hangs the announcement: "Dear brothers and sisters!
With the blessing of Patriarch Kirill of Moscow and All Russia, spiritual care of the sportsman of the Russian Olympic team carries out Archpriest Andrei Alexeyev.
You can order a prayer service and other needs on the phone ...
In general, the village has a meditation center and religious ceremonies for representatives of all faiths.
Well, the Russians, it turns out, in a privileged position - they have their own chapel.
Due to the workload of a lift from the ninth floor to the fourth, I decided to go down the stairs, which is recommended for use during the fire.
And in the dark stumbled about lying on her body.
Apparently, it was the sleeping employees of a new cleaning company.
I believe, ready at any moment to throw on the washing of innovative floors, they decided to have a quiet hour directly on the cold rungs.
On the fourth floor, I was waiting for a meeting with longtime acquaintances - Vitaly Fedorovich Dubko, coach of our batutist, bringing them to the Olympic gold still 16 years ago in Sydney.
He spoke with the champion of Europe Yana Pavlova, kindly agreed to show their rooms.
Complaining is not what, - share impressions honoured coach of Russia. - Live on two beds, of course, almost butt stand, but it is uncritically.
The bathroom is one of the four, but it is spacious.
The wardrobe, of course, funny, fabric, trust does not cause, but things can be put.
"No, you're tile-matching, tea they have ended!" - shrugged the tennis player Svetlana Kuznetsova, meet me in the main dining room.
The main it is called at least because it represents an area of 2.7 sq m and is ready to accept simultaneously 5,000 visitors.
Then give out to the mountain 60 thousand servings per day, completely free of charge.
The menu options are as follows: "The best of Brazil," "cuisine of the world," "Asian dishes" and "pizza, pasta."
The last option, as I do, is very popular among our volleyball players.
At the same time, say, soups I in one of the divisions of the giant restaurant not found.
Yes, what soups? - surprised Kuznetsov. - There is no tea!
It is good that I am a Chinese captured, custard.
And the kettle.
But in general, that you understand, we have even worse nutrition on the courts.
There is something you can choose, despite the unbearable uniformity.
I personally chose a cod for a couple and meatballs in tomato sauce.
Next to each dish is a sign with his name in three languages - English, French and Portuguese, as well as specifying the nutritional value of the product and the presence of allergens.
Well, quite, confess, it was edible.
Don't even understand why such a queue is worth all the time at a local McDonald `s.
Prosperous, relaxed, you can say "teplenky" athletes at the exit of the restaurant awaiting our best friends - representatives of the World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA).
Puller cleverly - quiz, the winner of which accrues to a T-shirt.
Provoked, it is possible to say!
To get a gift, you have to correctly answer at least eight questions from ten.
There are questions in Russian! - the girl attacked me from WADA.
But not on that attack.
That is, I am in a patriotic impulse vpragatsya, of course.
The situation escalated already on the second question: "If I received a notice about the passing of doping control, should I immediately go to the doping control?"
I stopped at the option: "No - I have one hour."
Lost, so to say, vigilance.
I forgot that the WADA relief should not wait.
In general, it is necessary to appear immediately.
Well, at the seventh stage of the quiz, my position was very critical.
Somehow I thought if I find it difficult to follow a balanced diet because of my tight schedule (and me, by the way, hard!), then I can use supplements to get "extra nutrients to enhance my performance."
Ahn no, do not let!
More precisely, the answer is formulated so that is categorically not prohibited, but strongly, in several sentences dissuaded.
It is not fair to play WADA!
Well, as the case, Russia? - mocking the leading quiz questions.
Nowhere to retreat - behind Efimov, Olympic, and our whole team is bled dry.
So I focused and from the last forces won a miserable T-shirt.
Know, as the saying goes, our!
In a victorious mood, I wandered into the fitness center next door.
Got the count of simulators.
Lost at 250.
With surprise noted that in this tangle of running tracks have not found a single Russian athlete.
But maybe it is right?
Let's train someone who can't play!
But in a nearby clinic, one of our guys was sitting.
In the queue to the eye doctor.
Don't worry, not the shooter.
In the clinic, as well as throughout the village, where no spit, hangs the apparatus for the issue of condoms.
Encourage a call out on it: "Celebrate with the condom!"
Further remains only krutani zhelezka reminiscent of the handle of the door lock, and a condom, made from natural latex Amazon, readily drops out of the apparatus.
I took myself one, on memory.
The athletes will not fade - they brought them 450 thousand.
Just for the holiday and leisure pastime in the Olympic village, there is a whole entertainment center.
Beside him, just in case there is a cognitive sign, reminiscent of the International Olympic Committee in different ways of spending on athletes $3.25 million per day.
The Center is flooded with video games, billiards and table tennis, table football and hockey and some strange devices similar to videotrainager.
This is what this is? - interested in comrade in the form of the Ukrainian national team, which actively uses the queer toy.
Could, of course, simply say that he does not want to speak to a man in the form of the Russian national team, yes and all.
Here, by the way, by a strange coincidence, in the eyes of the hight of the guys in zhovto Borotbists.
The national team plays, it turns out.
In order to circumvent the whole village, looking into every corner, it should be no less than three hours.
But, if it is to walk rather than ride an electric vehicle, you will open and the House of the Canadian national team with a moose at the entrance and tent with restorative bathroom, and ticket office, and laundry and dry cleaning, and hairdresser, and flower shop, and stall with goods for everyday use, and mail with unique brands (only you still won't be able to ride out the queue from Chinese philatelists), and the bank, and the bureau finds, and photokiosk.
And late in the evening, you extricate themselves, crouch beside the olive tree, as colorful ribbons in memory of leaving this world of friends and relatives of athletes.
And you will be under the accompaniment of the machine, randomly sprayed liquid for killing insects, to think about the eternal.
That is about the Olympic movement.
This village does not stop for a minute.
As long as the rest of the Russian world is watching with bated breath, as Australians almost punished the American Dream Team, real fans left the network.
Few know: the news that Inna Deriglazova won gold in the rapier at XXXI Olympics, I got the first one.
Maybe I'm even the only Muscovite who saw how it happened - not counting those, of course, who looked up at the event that evening.
This can only be understood by a true fan.
Now imagine: a deaf Moscow night.
Neighbors at the bottom - as always to the hour of the night - wake up and start bezzlobnym, but very loudly shouting at each other.
And ominous to move the furniture.
The crane is flowing in the kitchen - no time to go to the market and buy as the plumber asked, new.
In the TV schedule, nothing is clear, so I just kept on control channels "match," "first" and in any case "Russia" - although it is almost meaningless.
"Russia" is the birthplace of the repetitions, the whole sport there is somehow in the recording.
There the series broadcast live broadcast.
The hope, of course, to "match" - a whole evening of a young man shouted in the news releases about the great Deriglazova -- Shanayeva first semi-final, then about the coming battle for gold.
It would be logical to show.
But instead, basketball is the USA -- Australia.
By the way, I can't say anything bad about this decision.
The Australians were on equal footing, the first half at all won.
Put on the place of ofigeti from their own greatness of Americans.
As a result, still lost, but, as now, the Olympic basketball tournament will not be the same.
It's all good, but the fight is coming with Di Francisca, but on the screen without change.
In a slight panic, I start flipping channels.
Such a sensation, the second time in a row spin.
Well, go deeper, to the cable.
Not on one of thematic "matches" there is no fencing.
And, according to my senses, the battle is about to begin.
Text and tweet broadcasts of some sports sites don't suit me.
Spasmodic surfing gives an unexpected, but brilliant result.
On the website of the "first," it turns out, is a direct technical translation of all competitions that take place at this point in time.
Clicking on the fencing, get a fight for gold.
Deriglazova perfectly counterstrike, goes ahead on points - and quite obviously starts to pull the time.
The Italian played almost the entire gap.
Our at one point ahead, to the end just over two seconds.
Dee Francisc rushes to deriglazov, the retreat, time ends, L'Italiana deals prick.
Victory!
After a couple of seconds the Olympic messenger on the phone informs about the fourth gold medal.
It turns out, I am the first one who saw it with my own eyes.
Mad, faithful, involved.
The Spiritual Directorate of Muslims (Duma) of Tatarstan refuses to use the Russian language in mosques.
Yesterday the plenum of Doom ordered their imams to lead the Friday sermons only on Tatar to get young Tatars "to learn their native language."
The administration says it is "in no way affects" the rights of Muslims of other nationalities.
Some mosques in Kazan complain that the Tatar language doesn't understand up to 60% of parishioners, including foreign students, migrants and the Tatars themselves.
Imams are afraid that their sermons on the Tatar "will not reach the whole audience."
Yesterday the plenum doom Tatarstan unanimously decided to hold the Friday sermons in the mosques of the Republic only in Tatar language.
As the mufti of Tatarstan Kamil Samigullin said, this should be an incentive for young Tatars "to learn their native language."
"For those who say that" hard ," in every big mosque we intend to organize the lessons of the Tatar language absolutely free," promised Mr. Samigullin.
He added that "the decision has already entered into force" and today in all mosques preaching "must be already in the Tatar language."
He reminded that the doom of Tatarstan publishes the magazine "shura" with typical sermons in the Tatar language.
Imam, who is not good enough to speak in Tatar, "can thoroughly prepare."
Tatarstan brings together more than a thousand parishes in all municipalities of the Republic.
According to the Mufti, in areas Friday sermons are conducted exclusively in Tatar language.
At the same time, a number of mosques in Kazan had previously been used mainly in Russian.
In particular, as the mufti pointed out, it is practised in the burnayevsky's mosque, and "aniler."
However, Mr. Mukhametshin, the leadership puts the task so that all students are owned by both state languages of the Republic, regardless of nationality.
"Nothing about any infringement of Muslims netatarin cannot be a question," said Mr. Mukhametshin explained that the sermon "is not obligatory, the main part of prayer."
The prayer itself will still be read in Arabic, in the mosques will remain lectures and lessons in Russian.
At the same time, Rafiq Mukhametshin told Kommersant that some serious threats to the displacement of the Tatar language from mosques was not.
Besides Russian and Tatar other languages, for example, Uzbek or Tajik, according to his information, the sermons in the Republic are not used.
The decision of the Duma was actively supported by the executive committee of the world congress of Tatars (CGT).
The head of the executive committee of the CGT Rinat Zakirov told Kommersant: "The mosques are an important part of our national life."
It would be sad if the Tatar language is gone from this sphere.
He noted that the conduct of preaching only to the Tatar language "the desire of the imams," but in the CGT "consider it right."
Interviewed "Kommersant" imams who are preaching in Russian, are ready to execute the decision of doom, but believe that the parishioners have difficulty with understanding of clerics.
The mosques go and Tatars and Russians.
Many do not understand the language.
They will, of course, be tight.
"Will have to change," says Imam burnayevsky mosque Farhat mavletdinov.
According to him, the sermon in Russian closer even many Tatars, as "Russian and in schools, and in kindergarten, on the radio - everywhere initially."
However, he believes that the mosque will be able to continue the lessons and lectures in Russian that are held in other days.
We rely on Allah.
Allah will show the way out of this situation, "he concluded.
But about 60% of us do not know the Tatar language.
This is both Uzbeks and Tajiks and Azerbaijanis.
A lot goes to us by foreign students: Africans, Arabs.
"So we went for four years as a Russian language," says Imam.
He believes that the Tatar sermons will "reach a more narrow circle and will not reach the audience."
But we will obey the decision of the plenum.
Just the outcome of the sermon will be different.
But time will tell.
"I, for example, will only be easier, because the Tatar language is my mother," concluded Ğabdulla Galiullin.
The former director of the FSIN was given to the court
The Moscow prosecutor's office approved the indictment to investigate GSM 1990s.The criminal case about the theft of budgetary funds allocated to the needs of the Federal Service of Russia.
The former head of the prison department brought before the court, Alexander Raymer and his deputy, causing FSIN damage worth more than $2.7 billion.
The city prosecutor's office sent the Zamoskvoretsky while the criminal case against the former director of the Federal Service of Russia Alexander Raymer, his former deputy, Nikolai Krivolapov, as well as the director of the Center for Information Technology and Communications of the Federal Penitentiary Service " (FSUE TITOS) Victor opredelenov.
Depending on the role and the degree of participation in the crimes they are accused of GSM VDCs in Moscow under Clause 3 of Article 285 of the criminal code of the Russian Federation (abuse of authority which caused serious consequences), including 4 of Article 159 of the criminal code of the Russian Federation (fraud committed with the use of his official position, as part of an organized group, in a very large size).
In addition, krivolap is accused by clause 1 of Article 222 of the criminal code of the Russian Federation (illegal acquisition and possession of ammunition).
According to the Bears, in 2010-2012, these fraudulent persons were abducted from the state Treasury budget funds allocated FSIN to provide electronic monitoring systems controlled by the agencies of the so-called electronic bracelet.
To steal money, the group developed a scheme under which they controlled enterprise FGUP CYTOS, which were concluded with the relevant state contracts to produce technical means of control and supervision, including "electronic bracelets," and sell at prices inflated several times.
Although FSUE CYTOS had no production equipment, buildings and facilities to accommodate production capacity to create a complete cycle of production of "electronic bracelets" between him and FSIN Russia signed five goscontract worth more than 3.3 billion rubles.
As a result of this scheme in the accounts of the Samara branch turned out to be more than 2 billion rubles, of which $1.2 billion was stolen.
As a result, more than 140 million rubles and withdraw funds received personally Mr. Raymer in his office from one of his partners, a criminal case in respect of which is allocated to separate production.
Nikolai Krivolapov, involved in the fraud were found by an unknown origin of ammunition to a hardcopy pistol, which allowed him to produce an additional charge.
In this case, the volume of which amounted to 133 volumes, FSIN accused claimed to claim compensation for material damage amounting to 2.7 billion rubles.
Hack Şükür footballer is suspected of involvement in a putsch.
Turkish authorities issued a warrant for the arrest of a former footballer and then a member of Parliament Hack Şükür and conducted searches of two houses of his family.
The Turkish football star of the 1990s and early 2000s, the attacker Hakan Şükür was wanted by the authorities of the country in connection with the attempted coup in the past month.
Forward, completed a sports career in 2008, is accused of belonging to an "armed terrorist group."
It is about the movement of "Hizmet" - a society that is associated with a well-known Turkish religious leader and opposition to Fethullah Gulen.
It is his President Erdogan considers the organizer of the attempted military coup, on July 15.
Fethullah Gulen resides in the US, Turkish authorities are demanding his extradition.
According to local media, an arrest warrant was issued today hack Şükür, police have already raided two houses that are owned by the family of the former footballer.
According to the investigation, the organization of Fethullah Gulen besides hack Şükür entered and his father.
However, neither the former footballer nor his family was there.
He and his family now live in the United States.
As football player Hakan Şükür defended the colors of several Turkish clubs and played for the country's national team.
He spent most of his career at Galatasaray.
In the list of foreign clubs are Italian "Torino," "Inter" and "Palermo" as well as the English "Blackburn."
True, none of them he spent more than one season.
Hakan Şükür still remains the most effective striker of Turkey's national team: in his asset 112 matches for the national team and scored 51 ball.
In 2013, Hakan Şükür left his post because of a corruption investigation that began around Erdogan's party and its immediate surroundings.
According to the Turkish newspaper Hurriyet, July 25 in Turkey were issued a warrant for the arrest of at least 42 journalists.
They are accused of supporting a military coup and ties with the opposition Islamic preacher Fethullah Gulen, living in the US.
Given the severity of the charges, the media can wait for lengthy prison terms ranging from 10 years to life imprisonment.
Yegor Konchalovsky wants to create a network of cinemas only for domestic films.
"I would have created a network of cinemas exclusively for Russian cinema, tickets for which cost 2-3 times less than the films of foreign production," he said.
Mr. Konchalovsky notes that Russian films are difficult to compete for viewers with big Hollywood tape.
We have in this country a year made more than 100 paintings, of which up to screens reaches an average of 20-25 tapes.
"And even if they are very hard to compete with" Transformers "and" Iron Man ," in the promotion of which uploaded huge budgets," said the filmmaker.
Let's remind, July 1 in Crimea started the work of All-Russian youth educational forum "Tavrida."
Among the participants are teachers of creative professions and young professionals of various creative and humanitarian directions from all over Russia and a number of foreign countries.
Women have won Olympic gold medals in rowing in two
Women Helen Glover and Heather Stanning won Olympic gold in rowing at the two.
Silver took native Rebecca Skoun and Genevieve Beren, third place was taken by Anne Anderson and Hedwig Rasmussen of Denmark.
Kommersant news - A new general contractor promises to surrender "Zenit arena" to December 26.
A new stadium is being built in St. Petersburg EPC, which must accept confederatía-2017 Cup matches and the world championship futbol-2018, the company "Mosmetrostroy" promises to take the stage to December 26, "RIA Novosti" referring to the head of the interim committee of the Federation Council to prepare for the World Cup by futbol-2018 Vadim tulips.
"Today we together with Russian Sports Minister Vitaly Mutko visited the construction site, with us was the CEO of" Metrostroy "Vadim Alexandrov.
He said that will pass the stadium to December 26.
This is a serious Petersburg company, it never breaks the terms.
We were satisfied with Vitaly Mutko seen and heard ,"" the agency quoted the interlocutor.
Earlier, Vitaly Mutko arrived in St. Petersburg to explore the places for the upcoming major competitions.
Mr Tulip also noted that his Southed Commission will continue to monitor the progress of the construction of the stadium and will regularly visit the construction site.
Let's remind, yesterday it was reported that the company "Mosmetrostroy" will complete the construction of "Zenit Arena," the cost of the contract will be about $5.4 billion rubles. The same company won the auction for territory around the stadium, the value of the contract is $2.4 billion rubles. Contracts with JSC "Corporation" Transstroy ,"" LLC "Corporation" Transstroy SPB "engineering" and JSC "engineering corporation" Transstroy "" were terminated.
Another two companies were not allowed to fight for the construction of the stadium.
Read more about the selection of a new general contractor in the material "Kommersant" "Mosmetrostroy" were allowed on the field. "
In Miass (Chelyabinsk Oblast) detained a former vice governor's lawyer Nicholas sandakov Konstantin Akulich.
As reported "Kommersant Southern Ural" another lawyer accused - Sergei Kolosovsky, Konstantin Akulich today summoned the 1990s.The Miass investigation department for charges on the case a year ago about inflicting beatings.
Then Konstantin Akulich went to the place of the accident as a lawyer to help one of his members.
"Initially it was filed against unidentified individuals now, when he started to defend Nicholas sandakov, it turned out that it was Akulich," says Sergei Kolosovsky.
Konstantin Akulich became the lawyer of former deputy governor in early August.
At the same time, for half an hour before calling a lawyer in the 1990s.The Miass side protection notice on Monday is the deadline for getting acquainted with the materials of the case of fraud, which accused Nicholas sandakova.
Let's remind, in relation to Nicholas sandakov instituted two criminal cases.
As part of the first (of fraud) he is charged with promise for 1.5 million rubles to promote the mayor's appointment as the head of the administration of Ozersk Magnitogorsk Evgeny Tarasova.
A second criminal case concerns a bribe that Nicholas sandakov allegedly received from the director of CHOP "Python" Igor Kalugin in the form of non-repayable services illegal property character in the amount of at least 1.3 million rubles.
Read more about the case of Mr. sandakov read in the material "Kommersant" "former vice governor requires merging their affairs."
The Russian Copper Company (University) is ready to take social responsibility and pay more attention to the environmental aspects of its business.
This is confirmed, for example, that the university tried to modernize one of the oldest and ecologically "dirty" enterprises in the country - Karabashsky copper-smelting plant.
Karabashsky copper plant was founded by the English joint-stock company headed by Leslie Urquhart in 1910.
In Soviet times, it was a significant industrial enterprise for the country's economy, and it actually ensured the vitality of the whole city.
However, in the 1990s because of financial problems, production was halted, which caused serious social problems in Karabash.
In 1998, a decision was made to resume the work of karabashsky copper-smelting plant.
It was also necessary to address one of the main problems of the karabashsky plant - ecological.
By the early 2000s Karabash was already notorious as an ecological disaster zone.
The situation on "karabashmed" began to change in 2004, after the company moved under the control of the Russian Copper Company.
The company has started to modernize production, which has been gradually reducing the environmental burden on the environment.
It recently noted the governor of Chelyabinsk region Boris Dubrovsky, who visited on the first of July, "karabashmed."
The head of the Southern Urals called the dramatic changes that have taken place with the company since the "karabashmed" went to the university group.
The main event on modernization "karabashmed" of recent years was the construction of a new sulphuric acid plant to catch up to 99.9% of the metallurgical gases.
According to the president of the Russian Copper Company Vsevolod Levin, the volume of investment in this project was about 7 billion rubles.
The next stage of the modernization of CJSC "karabashmed" - the reconstruction of steelmaking redistribution.
Replacement of three converters, napylnik, gazohodny tract is planned for the end of 2017.
The cost of the project is 2.5 billion rubles.
In addition, at the end of 2016 it is planned to launch a new industrial wastewater treatment plant worth 1 billion rubles.
In turn, will grow and deduct the amount of taxes in the city budget Karabash.
For the entire term of the project tominsky ODC - since the beginning of the construction and commissioning of the second stage - the federal coffers will receive $8.9 billion rubles.
And after entering the plant in operation tax receipts in the budgets of all levels can be 80,9 billion rubles.
For the year of production in Varna district in the budgets of various levels listed 346,3 million rubles.
And that's for the first year.
"The longer the enterprise works successfully, the amount of deductions may be greater," Valery Ulanovsky added.
The university said that in 2015, the tax deductions from mikheyevsky ODC came close to 1 billion rubles.
However, the participation of university enterprises in life and the development of territories of their presence is not limited to tax deductions.
University enterprises are helping to repair and maintain schools, kindergartens, sports facilities, to build cultural and entertainment facilities, blagoustraїvati territory.
In 2016, one of the largest social projects of the Russian Copper Company in Karabash became a major overhaul, and essentially is an almost complete overhaul of the kindergarten N9 on 95 pupils.
The building, built in 1960, was in an emergency condition.
Also on the territory of the "University Arena" will accommodate the landscape park with artificial pond, underground and overground parking for 600 cars, cafes and sports shops.
"The Arena" will allow the university to carry out spectacular professional sports events at the international level.
But the main goal of this project is to make physical culture and sports in comfortable conditions available to residents of Chelyabinsk, primarily for children.
Place in the first row on the stunning architecture of the Los Angeles Central Library
Learn more about the history of the central library in the business district, while the Society of Architectural Historians / branch in Southern California is conducting an art exhibition with Arnold Schwartzman and Steven Guy, author of the new book "the Los Angeles Central Library: The history of its art and architecture."
Guy and Schwartzman gather to discuss and share images of design 1926 Mr Bertram Goodhue, as well as restoration and additions from the 1993 Mr. Hardy Holtzman Pfeiffer Associates.
The salon is open from 2 days to 4 days on August 21 in the Salle Moderne in an Art Deco building in the Southwestern Law School (formerly Bullocks Wilshire), 3,050 Wilshire Blvd.
Participants can walk through a central hall, a room for certain periods, a cactus living room and a tea room.
Ticket reservation is required; SAH / SCC members - $15; Non-members, $25.
Open, industrial loft in DTLA gets a cozy new look
Celebrate the 90th birthday of the Los Angeles Central Library with - what else? - a new book
Employees of the Center for Refugees Sandholm in Denmark have suspected that the teenagers living in it are engaged in prostitution.
About it on Thursday, August 11, reports The Local.
He said some teenagers told agency employees that "someone in Copenhagen is organizing prostitution."
According to the publication, the doubts of the shelter workers emerged after a Swedish newspaper Sydsvenkan told a similar story in Malmo.
The EU crisis erupted in 2015 because of the influx of refugees from Africa and the Middle East.
Denmark has placed on its territory more than 20,000 of them.
The coast of the peninsula Cape Cod (USA) fisherman caught a rare blue lobster.
A man discovered a among others caught in his underwater trap, reports ABC News.
The American plans to transfer it to the local Oceanarium.
Lobster weighs about a kilo.
It is noted that Wayne Nickerson (Wayne Nickerson) deals with lobster fishing for the past 35 years.
According to his wife, for the first time in the career of a man with a blue Omar in 1990.
According to ABC News, the crustaceans acquire blue or blue colour as a result of genetic changes.
In April 2016, it became known that the fishermen had fished off the coast of Japan, a copy of a rare species of deep-sea sharks Megachasma pelagios (megamouth shark).
Level of the animal weighs about a tonne.
The military action of the Black Sea Fleet were practicing protivopodvodny commando defense in the waters of the Black Sea.
RIA Novosti reported that a spokesman for the Defense Ministry's press department of the Navy Igor dygiated.
Training sessions were conducted as part of the first phase of the exercises on a special kind of action of the forces of the Navy.
"Servicemen protivopodvodny commando units worked protivopodvodny commando defense point of basing the forces of the fleet on the coast and adjacent waters of the Black Sea," said dygivated.
About 400 military personnel were involved in the training, more than 10 units of military equipment, including Mi-8 helicopters and Ka-27, antisubversion boats "grachonok" and seaworthy boats patrol "Raptor."
During the maneuver forces brandwachten ships using hydroacoustic means found conditional sabotage groups and reflected the attack "underwater saboteurs" from the sea to the point of basing the forces of the BSF.
With a helicopter Ka-27 baptised airborne group that blocked and destroyed the saboteurs of conditional adversary.
After that, the class of the Black Sea fleet came out in the sea to search for mines.
Dygiate declared that "the teachings of the Black Sea fleet are conducted in accordance with the plan of the preparation and conduct of the upcoming command staff exercises" kavkaz-2016 "and the Navy training plan."
From 18 to 30 July, Ukraine and the United States conducted joint military exercises fleet of Sea Breeze 2016 on the Black Sea.
The maneuvers involved about four thousand people from 16 countries.
The maritime component involved more than 25 ships, boats and ships of the United States, Turkey, Romania and Ukraine.
The court in the Moscow region arrested the father for killing the adoptive daughter: Investigation and court: Security forces: Lenta.ru
The Moscow region Auktyon city court authorized the arrest of Roman Chernikov, confess to the murder of his six-year-old adoptive daughter.
About that on Thursday, August 11, according to City News Agency "Moscow," said court spokesman Nina Zhilkina.
"The court upheld the appeal of investigative bodies on election against Chernikova preventive measure in the form of detention for two months," she said.
Chernikov will be under arrest until October 9.
On August 11, the management of bears on the Moscow region reported that the adoptive parents and grandmother of six-year-old girls gave a confession in her murder.
In particular, Roman Chernikov said that he committed the murder of a child in one of the days of April 2016 from personal nepriyaznenny relations, while at home in a state of alcoholic intoxication.
Then, in order to conceal the body of a child he burned it and threw the remains together with his wife on a large square.
On the evening of August 9, the investigator questioned the adoptive parents reported that in April 2016, a six-year-old child drowned in the bath.
For a long time they managed to hide from all the girl's disappearance, but in August, having learned that they should come home soon, officials decided to tell everyone that the child went missing.
The parents claimed that on August 6, their adopted daughter autocratically walked away from the site of the house where the family lived, and disappeared.
Pope Francis has shared a meal in the Vatican with refugees from Syria.
On this Thursday, August 11, the head of the press service of the Holy See said Greg Burke, CTV News reported.
Migrants arrived at the invitation of the pontiff from the Greek island of Lesbos.
The dinner was held in the Vatican House of St. Martha, where the private apartments of Francis.
It is noted that the meal was attended by two groups of Syrian refugees, who visited a pontiff in Greece on April 16.
Then on the way back to the Vatican, he took on board his plane 12 migrants, including six children.
A second group of Syrians arrived in June.
Care of them took the Holy See.
"Dad brought toys and gifts to children, they gave him in response to his drawings and children and adults were able to talk today with the pontiff on the first day of his life in Italy," Burke said.
During his April visit, the Pope called the migration crisis that erupted in Europe in 2015, "the biggest catastrophe since the second world war."
Greece is one of the countries through which most migrants come to Europe.
According to the Greek authorities, for the 2015 total of 800,000 people moved from Turkey to the Greek islands in the Aegean Sea.
Lesbos has become a major transit point for refugees on the way to the EU.
More than 40 kilometers long traffic jams formed in Japan on the first day of the short summer holidays.
About it on Thursday, August 11, according to the country's road traffic information center, RIA Novosti reported.
For example, in the area of Tochigi prefecture road congestion stretch of 43 kilometers, in Kanagawa prefecture - 33 kilometres.
According to the agency, the trains are overcrowded in half, flights on domestic routes are completely sold out.
On August 11, 2016 in Japan celebrated the day of the mountains, the holiday is officially considered a weekend day.
After that, many Japanese for a few days go to their home cities.
A short vacation from the Japanese will last at least until Tuesday next week, then a new peak of road congestion is expected.
In Japan, it is considered a bad tone to take a full vacation.
By law, the subjects are supposed to rest 18 days a year, but most of them are limited to a week.
The flagship boutique chain store luxury men's clothing and accessories frame Moscow opened after renovation with a fully updated design and assortment, reported "Lenta.ru" representative of the network.
The design of the space used only natural materials - walnuts, brass, stoneware and toned glass in the tone of a tree, "said a representative of the frame.
Multimedia showcases are teetering on the edge between tradition and advanced technologies.
In multibrand frame Moscow presented Marol shirts, bags and portfolios Serapian, designer jeans Jacob Cohen, cufflinks and bracelets Tateossian, Moorer jackets and shoes Barrett.
In addition, the network is the exclusive distributor of the company on an individual tailoring of men's suits atelier Portofino in Russia and owns Damiani boutiques Barrett and Jacob Cohen.
The French fashion house Louis Vuitton on September 17, 2016 will open a new boutique in St. Petersburg.
It will replace the first home store opened in the city in 2007.
The new boutique will be placed on Nevsky Prospekt, told "Lenta.ru" representative of the company.
We are pleased to announce the opening of a new store in St. Petersburg, "said President Louis Vuitton on the countries of northern Europe, the Middle East and Africa Alessandro Valenti.
Buyers will be able to personalize their purchases using hot stamping technique: in honor of the opening produced cliché with a view of St. Petersburg, which complements the client's initials.
At the end of the 19th century created baggage for the Russian aristocracy - Grand Duke Alexander Romanov, Princess Trubetskoy and imperial family.
Currently produces clothing, footwear, accessories, jewelry and watches, and resumed production of perfume.
The company is part of the international holding LVMH.
The pensioner has turned the ladder into a "budget Beach Tower."
Users of the network laughed over the photographs, in which an elderly man found on the beach and turned it into a springboard for jumping into the water.
The picture was published on several entertainment portals, as well as a group of "my Taganrog" in the social network "Vkontakte" because of what many have decided that the photo was taken on the shores of the Azov Sea.
In the comments "innovation" christened "budget tower" and "mobile springboard."
Many praised the man for ingenuity and "smekalochka" and some drew attention to the fact that the man is seriously risking wrapping when jumping from their towers as he set it on a lack of depth.
However, one of the portal pikabu commenator noted that you cannot judge the depth of the sea on the image.
"First of all, we don't know what kind of depth there, the beach can be human-made with a sharp descent on the meter directly behind the staircase, and secondly, even if there is a meter depth, with due skill, you can jump from a couple of meters," wrote a user under Nick c0jibamdjz
At the same time the Italian edition of Roma today writes that a man with a ladder was spotted on the beach under the Rome.
Russian President Vladimir Putin expressed his hope that Anton Vaino as the new head of the administration of the head of state will contribute to its constructive work.
According to RIA Novosti, the Russian leader made the announcement at a meeting with Vaino and his predecessor - Sergei Ivanov.
The Russian leader said that Vaino's nomination for the post of the head of the presidential administration recommended Ivanov himself.
Putin praised the latter for the work done.
On August 12, Putin removed Ivanov as head of the administration of the head of state.
This post instead took Vaino.
The authorities of the French city of Cannes banned from attending local beaches in burqini - a special bathing suit for women, which completely covers the body from head to ankle.
About it on Friday, August 12, ABC News reported.
The mayor of Cannes David lisnar (David Lisnard) explained that such clothing "does not meet the rules of decency, the principles of secularism and does not meet the standards of hygiene and safety."
Also, he said, the clothing that emphasizes religious affiliation may cause disruption of public order.
For wearing the burqini imposed a fine of 38 euros (about $42).
It is noted that the ban imposed on the background of the attacks that were carried out on July 15 at Nice and July 26 in the Church of Saint Etienne du Rouvray in the north of the country.
After his introduction, several Muslim women appealed to the court, saying that the restrictions violate the right to freedom of religion.
The Annunciation (Amur Oblast) city court sentenced the former head of Alexander Migulya to nine years of the colony of the general regime.
About it on Friday, August 12, is reported on the court's website.
Migulya was found guilty of committing crimes under Article 286 ("abuse of power"), 285.1 ("indirect spending budget funds") and 285 ("Abuse of Authority") of the criminal code of the Russian Federation.
The investigation established that the official in December 2008 provided a familiar plot of land in the village of mukhinka in violation of established land legislation procedure.
In 2006 he unlawfully issued a decree to acquire the property of the city road bridge across the river Chigir, at an inflated price without tender procedures and the conclusion of a municipal contract, clarifies "Interfax."
In addition, during the period from 2007 to 2010 migul under him in the interest of commercial organization changed the timing of payments under the contract for the sale of the lease of the land that was granted under the construction of housing and also freed the company from the rent.
As a result of the budget, the region has lost more than 5 million rubles, and the city treasury of about 21 million rubles.
On August 4, it became known that the former expands, who is in custody on suspicion of corruption, and claim the parliamentarian mandate, not provided in time in Guliev sheet for the Duma election and was removed from the presidential race.
Migul was detained in May 2015 in the Lipetsk region and placed in prison.
Prior to that, he was in the international wanted list since 2011.
Alexander migul occupied the position of mayor of Blagoveshchensk from November 2004 to April 2010.
The Russian Ministry of Foreign Affairs denied information about the release of the captured Taliban of the Russian vertoletchik.
Information about the talks on Friday, August 12, in an interview with Interfax "shared the Russian president's special envoy for Afghanistan, director of the second Asia department of the Russian Ministry of Foreign Affairs Zamir Kabulov.
This information was not confirmed.
"The crew is still in captivity, negotiations are underway," Kabulov said.
On August 11, a source in diplomatic circles told the agency that the captives were released.
According to him, the former hostages were transferred to Pakistan.
On August 4, there is information that the Peshawar Pakistani Mi-17 helicopter landed in Logar province in eastern Afghanistan because of technical problems.
The builders of the Crimean bridge have driven anthem "I score."
On the YouTube channel of the project "Crimean bridge" appeared clip "I score driven."
It is the builder of this building - the hero tells that the bridge will help "not to lose touch with the huge country."
The author, in particular, sings about how "score driven."
On the music video from the construction of the Crimean bridge.
A song written and performed by Konstantin Khomenko - the designer of the "Institute of giprostroymost - St. Petersburg," the construction project.
He is not a professional musician.
Thailand's interior ministry blamed the explosions at the resorts of local saboteurs.
Explosions at the resorts of Thailand - "local acts of sabotage" and are not connected with the work of international terrorists.
On this, as reported by Reuters, Thailand's police said.
According to the Guardian, they have so far failed to find out whether any of these explosions between themselves.
According to the main version, their organizers tried to disrupt the tourist season.
It is not excluded that the bombings are a separatist Muslims from the south of the country.
Police have already detained several people.
At the moment it is known about four dead and several dozen injured.
The country's Premier Prayut Chan Ócsa ordered to take additional security measures to prevent new explosions and exclude possible casualties.
On the tourist resorts of Thailand on Friday, August 12, a series of explosions occurred.
The devices worked at police stations on the island of Phuket, in the city of Surat Thani (the capital of the province of the same name, which is located on the island of Samui) and Hua Hin District.
Another explosive device, laying on the beach, was neutralized sappers.
The day rano,11 August, two explosions took place in the resort town of Hua Hin District.
The bombs were in pots of plants and were brought into action by a call from a mobile phone.
Among the victims are 10 foreign tourists, there are no Russians among them.
The British jewellery house Graff introduced a new model of the hours the Peacock watch, performed in the form of a peacock feather, according to Vogue.
The clock is decorated with a diamond.
To do this, jewelers used not only the classic round stones, but also a baguette and a trapezoidal stepped cut and emerald cut diamonds.
These watches with quartz mechanism and blue arrows characteristic design Graff created in a single copy and presented in the Mercury boutique hotel in Moscow's Four Seasons.
The price of the publication does not name them.
Graff is a jewelry and watch house founded in 1960 in London Laurence Graff.
Produces jewelry with precious stones, mainly with diamonds (including color) and watches (since 2008).
Four times winner of the British royal award in the field of international trade (1977, 1994, 2006, 2014).
In different years, Graff bought extremely rare and valuable diamonds, in particular the pink Empress Rose, star of America, the Sarah and others.
Joanne Rowling's new book "Harry Potter and the Cursed Child" has become the most sold in the UK, the Daily Mail reports.
Roman has overtaken the popularity of the play "Romeo and Juliet" by William Shakespeare.
According to the publication, in the first week after the release of the eighth part of the saga of the magician 847,9 thousand copies were sold.
The book "Harry Potter and the Cursed Child" brought 8,76 million pounds.
The tragedy of Shakespeare was in second place - since 1998 has sold almost a thousand books or publishers Penguin classics.
The eighth part of the saga about the wizard of Hogwarts "Harry Potter and the Cursed Child" came out on July 31.
The action of the play unfolds after 19 years after the events described in the book "Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows."
On the same day in London at the Palace Theatre stage premiere of the play.
In Russia, the English version of the novel came on the shelves "Moscow House of Books" - the only official seller of the novel - on August 5.
All copies were sold for a day.
In Russian, a new part of the saga will come out until the end of 2016.
Owners of messengers and postal services must identify users and remove prohibited information - this is a summary of the bill developed by Media Communications Union (ISS), which unites the largest Russian operators (the "Statement").
Employees of the three companies - union members have confirmed that such a project is being discussed.
At the beginning of the autumn he should be represented by a working group under the leadership of first deputy prime minister Igor Shuvalov, says the interlocutor "statements" to the ISS.
It's about amendments to the law on communications and the media.
They stipulate that any "organizer of the dissemination of information on the Internet, providing an opportunity to exchange electronic messages" must identify users on the basis of the information contained in the databases of operators, after concluding an agreement with them.
And also "immediately block messages or publications that contain information distributed in violation of Russian law."
Otherwise, operators have the right to restrict access to the service by Roskomnadzor.
Astronomers have discovered a mysterious cosmic object behind the Neptune.
Astronomers have discovered a mysterious cosmic object behind Neptune.
The celestial body is very dim, its diameter is about 200 kilometers, writes the edition of New Scientist.
According to the researchers, the object is moving over completely to the solar system orbit.
It is located almost perpendicular relative to other planets.
The mysterious discovery was called Niku, which translated from the Chinese language means "rebellious," "nepokorenic."
WSJ: The US is considering imposing sanctions against Russia because of hacking servers of the Democrats.
U.S. officials are considering imposing new sanctions against Russia in response to the hacking servers of the Democratic party, writes the Wall Street Journal, citing sources.
Reportedly, for imposing sanctions, the administration of US President Barack Obama should be officially blamed for the attack on the servers to Russia or supported by the Russian authorities of hackers.
According to sources, the FBI and other U.S. intelligence agencies are almost assured of Russia's involvement in the cyberattack.
The WSJ notes that the United States usually prefer not to specify the names of those who carry out hacking attacks.
An exception is made in 2014 by hacking into a database of Sony Entertainment Pictures, the responsibility for which was officially blamed on North Korea.
However, last year, Obama issued a decree that simplifies the procedure for imposing sanctions against those who carry out or facilitate cyber attacks.
Initially it was directed against China, but could also be used against other countries.
The process of making a decision on sanctions could be lengthy, writes the publication.
Even if officials concluded that the hackers were acting with the support of Russia, before making a decision on the disclosure of information they will need to weigh the possible consequences.
They will have to determine whether the incident was serious enough for him to aggravate tensions in bilateral relations.
Earlier, it was reported that the Barack Obama administration admits the possibility of applying sanctions against the state, the hackers who hacked servers natcomite the Democratic Party.
The WikiLeaks website has published an electronic correspondence to the national committee of Democrats.
The media reported that hackers working with Russian authorities could be involved in the hacking.
In the Kremlin, such messages are called absurd.
FAS fined Google for nearly half a billion rubles
The cause was a violation of competition in the mobile application market.
Anti-trust proceedings were launched on the initiative of "Yandex."
The Russian company claimed that Google provides Android smartphone manufacturers access to components on the conditions that prohibit predustanovka applications from other developers, in particular, from "Yandex."
FAS found confirmation of these claims and established, the company is abusing the dominant position in the market and impose the manufacturers of mobile devices unit, along with Google's Play store for other applications.
Following the review, the Federal Antimonopoly Service decided to punish Google, said the deputy head of the FAS Alexei Dotsenko.
The penalty must be paid within 60 days after the entry into force of the regulation.
The FAS concluded that the law on the protection of competition should abide by all companies, including multinational corporations.
In turn, Google intends to examine the decision first and only then will be determined with further actions: to execute him or challenge.
The Federal Antimonopoly Service acknowledged the company in violation of competition law in September last year and ordered to adjust contracts until December 18.
However, Google has not given consent to this.
Since then, the company and the agency conduct a trial.
The FAS noted that, despite the penalty, discussing with Google the opportunity to conclude a global agreement.
This measure will not lead to anything.
Such an opinion "Echo of Moscow" said Mobile Research Group analyst Eldar Murtazin.
Murtazin also noted that the fine will not affect either the user or the marketability of the corporation.
Avtoagregat rented an apartment, and then robbed her at 84 thousand rubles.
The 30-year-old robber managed to sell stolen household appliances.
As correspondent told "MK in Volgograd," the press service of the regional interior ministry of Russia, on the eve of the Volga police department in a statement addressed to the robbery of a resident of the city of Sputnik.
The man told the Guardian of the law that the unknown took off his apartment.
When the owner visited to check his house, then found him completely empty: no washing machine, no TV, no fridge, no tenant itself.
The total amount of damages was 84 thousand rubles.
Soon, the guardians of the order came out on the trail of the thief.
They turned out to be a 30-year-old unemployed well.
The man was detained, he gave confessions, saying that the stolen property had already managed to sell.
Now he will have to answer for stealing all the severity of the law - a criminal case against the detainee.
This year, the Crimean team will receive a notice to pay for the transport tax.
Now residents of the peninsula will pay tax on land, property and transport.
At a press conference, said the head of the Federal tax service of RK Roman nazdrachev.
Until the end of 2016 the Crimean car owners will receive a notice to pay for the transport tax.
As long as the tax counted about 250,000 people who own vehicles.
The data on the taxpayer will provide traffic police, the bridge.
"If, as of January 1, we will be given information about the owners of property and land owners, then next year the citizens of Crimea will be the tax payers," said Roman nazdrachev.
For preferential categories of citizens will be given incentives to pay property taxes, first of all this is a category of pensioners.
Also, there is a system of land tax deductions depending on the taxpayer's preferential category, but, according to the head of UFNs, until 2017 is too early to talk about it.
A resident of Balakhna stand up for a woman, prolamyvat head with a brick of her offender
According to the investigation, on the night of June 16, 2016 in the garage array on the main street in Balakhna the defendant saw the quarrel comrades that he had visited the day before.
The man repeatedly insulted his wife and then cast a woman on his shoulder and suffered a home.
An attacker would stand up for a woman and repeatedly hit the victim in the head with a brick.
a 29-year-old man died on the spot.
The accused guilt has admitted partially.
At the moment (August 12, 2016), this is all information.
A terrible accident occurred on the eve of the evening in the area of the tract of Cornus Tash Crimean peninsula.
As reported by "MK in Volgograd," the press service of the EMERCOM of the Volgograd region, at 17.05 on track Vysota "Zander - Theodosius" rode the bus with people in the cabin.
Suddenly the car turned into the ditch and fell from the cliff.
The victims of road traffic accidents were five people, another 20 were injured.
Victims of the disaster on the machines drastically made for medical institutions, where doctors provide them with the necessary assistance.
On the ill-fated flight seriously injured four residents of the Volgograd region.
This is Yuri and Elena krivokhizhina from Kotovo together with 10-year grandson Artem, and a 5-year Anastasia A.Bochkaryov, which was taken to the regional hospital in the city of Simferopol - the girl is in a serious condition.
When calling for emergency medical care, we hope that the brigade will arrive quickly and medics will have all the necessary qualified assistance.
In what cases to call an ambulance, how quickly she should come to the patient?
In the event of an emergency call for emergency medical assistance in the form of a call is sent to the nearest free exit ambulance brigade or specialized brigade.
Time to transport ambulance to an emergency call - up to 20 minutes.
Time to transport emergency medical care to urgent call - up to 2 hours.
The time to transport emergency medical care on the fact of death is not regulated by the state.
The OSCE observers have not recorded military activity on the border of Crimea.
Observers of the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE) have not recorded military activity on the Russian-Ukrainian border.
This is said in a statement published on the website of the organization.
Observers say that the situation on the border of Crimea is calm, incidents that could be somehow linked to the security of Ukraine and Russia are not recorded.
"None of the observers was unable to confirm media reports that dealt with security issues, including gunfire and military actions in the immediate vicinity of the administrative border," the OSCE said in a report.
Employees of the organization continue to monitor the situation at three checkpoints on the border in the area of Ukrainian cities Kalanchak, Chaplynka and Chongar peninsula in the Gulf Sivash.
Previously convinced Ukraine reported that the rotation of Russian troops on the border of Crimea is completed.
At the same time, according to the agency, the updated personal composition has more modern techniques.
Bulgaria shows inflation for the first time in eight months
Inflation in Bulgaria was 1% monthly in July, as national statistics show.
This is the highest rate for years (since June 2012) and the first above zero since October last year, when they were shown positive 0.2%.
The annual average inflation, measured by CPI, in the last 12 months (August 2015 - July 2016) compared to the previous 12 months (August 2014 - July 2015) was - 0.8%.
The consumer price index in July 2016 compared with June 2016 was technical-scientific%, i.e. the monthly inflation was 1.0%.
The inflation rate since the beginning of the year (July 2016 compared to December 2015) was - 0.2% and the annual inflation in July 2016 compared with July 2015 amounted to - 0.2%.
In July 2016, compared with the previous month, there has been an increase in price for the next group of consumer goods: food and non-alcoholic beverages (1.7%); transport (1.8%); recreation and culture (6.3%); restaurants and hotels (1.2%); other goods and services (0.3%).
Prices fell on clothing and footwear (2.2%); furniture, household equipment and regular maintenance (0.5%); health (0.1%).
Prices have remained at the same level as the previous month on alcoholic beverages and tobacco; housing, water, electricity, gas and other fuels; communication systems; and education.
The effect of "anime" Snapchat criticised as a caricature on Asians
Snapchat claims this filter is inspired by anime, but some commentators say it is racially bestacting.
With the help of a tool "lenses" Snapchat allows approximately 150 million users per day to change the reality and play with the individuality of ways that border on the absurd.
You can turn yourself into a pineapple, a dog or a character foot painting by Roy Lichtenstein.
The lens is rough, distort features tools that create more than 30 million corrected selfi per day.
Any mistakes are quickly becoming common.
Snapchat lenses were criticized in the past when they were accused of an application to advertise the dark skin of the face or encouraged inspiriting faces as an ideal of beauty.
So when some users this week offered a lens that empower them to squinting eyes, crooked teeth and plump advancements, some critics saw it as a racist caricature of Asians - "yellow-faced."
And they wondered whether these repeated contradictions on the more serious problem of companies associated with diversity.
The message spread on Wednesday and followed the indignation in the reports on The Verge and the underside, the next day after Snapchat said they removed the feature.
The Company commented: "the lens was conceived as a tribute to the anime characters, not as a caricature of the Asians.
But experts who know about racism are not hearsay, the lens reminded offensive stereotypes in action.
Others have completely rejected the comparison with anime.
In an email, Grace Sparapani, Korean American art student whose tweet about photographs actively shared, said that the lens was "offensive and at least awkward."
She added that "it is hard to argue with a side by side comparison of very rough caricatures on the Asians and the effects of the filter.
This shows that the filter is not just yellow-faced, but highly derogatorily yellow-faced.
Snapchat is not the only company going through these cultural bridges.
American culture seems to be involved in endless struggle for diversity and inclusiveness, ranging from corporate boardrooms to Hollywood and devices that we all carry with them.
And a huge audience of young people in Snapchat - which are more racially diverse than their older generation - may mean that they are more likely to wait for understanding.
When one of the lenses Snapchat creates an image offensive to the user, then, said in an interview on Thursday, the 25-year-old Kathy Ms., "such a turn of events is much harder to go unnoticed, as it was before."
On Thursday, Ms., product manager and engineer who works on medium, decided to delete his account in Snapchat and encouraged others to do the same.
In an article for the medium and in a telephone interview, she said she believes that racial controversies are the reason for the lack of diversity in recruitment of personnel in snepchat.
Ms. criticized the predominantly white leadership of the company, consisting only of men and finished his article hashtag: # Deletesnapchat.
As Ms. wrote, which itself is an American of Chinese descent: "Either they have in the state did not have enough non-white people who could take such decisions, either they are non-white people, but they do not take such positions that can be safely and openly speak out."
Other commentators share her view, expressing dissatisfaction with the fact that Snapchat has not responded to most of her questions.
The company does not publish information on the representation of ethnic minorities in its state, emphasizing its status as a private company.
On Thursday, Snapchat declined to discuss the racial origin of its personnel, but according to a trusted person, the company recently hired a recruiter with the aim of focusing on insufficiently represented layers of the population and the active attempts to involve domestic resources.
For his part, Ms. said she will keep her account in Snapchat closed, adding: "I wonder whether they really need more of such users as we so they could say that won't do."
Military leadership distort intelligence about ISIS, the congressional commission reports
Officials from the U.S. Central Command of the armed forces changed intelligence reports to present a more optimistic picture of the war against the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria than to give grounds to events on the ground, the congressional commission said in a report released on Thursday.
The interim report of the operative group, establish the Republican chairman of the House of Representatives Committee on the affairs of the armed forces, the intelligence committee and the Subcommittee on Defense Appropriations, found "widespread dissatisfaction" among analysts of the intelligence service of the Central Command, who argue that the leaders are counting their assessments of American actions aimed at victory over the Islamic State.
Central Command, known as CENTCOM, is the main military administration in the city of Tampa, Florida, which oversees American military operations in the Middle East and Central Asia.
"Intelligence documents, approve the supreme command of Centcom, as a rule, gave a more optimistic picture of the U.S. anti-terrorism action than is confirmed by the actual data from the place of events, and have been consistently more optimistic than the analysis provided by other intelligence agencies," it said in a news release on the report.
"What happened in CENTCOM is unacceptable: when senior management seems to suffer unauthentic analysis, our military," said Ken Calvert, a Republican member of the House of Representatives from California.
The problem with the leadership in CENTCOM reaches the top of the organization.
In a ten-page report detailed understanding of failings, constantly occur in 2014 and 2015 in the description and analysis of American actions aimed at training the Iraqi armed forces, provided by the central command.
Although it does not contain the final evidence that members of the Obama administration ordered to falsify reports, he argues that analysts felt that Centcom leadership is forcing them to represent a more optimistic view of the threat from the Islamic State, also known as ISIS or ISIL.
"During the first half of 2015, many press releases, statements and testimony of the Central Command in Congress were significantly more optimistic than real events," the report said.
For example, a Centcom official has publicly stated that a major military attack aimed at the return of Mosul could begin as early as April or May of 2015.
Mosul, Iraq's second-largest city, remains under the control of the Islamic State.
"After months of investigation it is known for certain," said in a statement, a member of the House of Representatives Mike Pompeo, a Republican from Kansas.
Since the middle of 2014 until the middle of 2015, the highest leadership of the intelligence service of the United States Central Command forged razveddocument command in order to downplay the threat posed by ISIS in Iraq.
Republicans have created an operational group when they learned that analysts have expressed concern that the intelligence about the Islamic State were subjected to fraud.
As the progress of the investigation, the report, published on Thursday, will be followed by more deploy data.
Additional, not completed at the moment, Centcom intelligence investigation is conducting the chief inspector of the Ministry of Defence.
Representatives of the Democratic Party in the U.S. House of Representatives intelligence committee published its own data on Thursday, which is consistent with some of the conclusions of the Republican operative group.
"Between 2014 and 2015, Centcom has created an excessively closed procedure of intelligence assessments regarding ISIS and Iraqi security forces," said a statement by a member of the House of Representatives Adam B. Schiff, chief representative of the Democratic Party in the committee.
This procedure, Schiff said, "zastoporival issue of intelligence documents" damaged the moral state of analysts and "not enough to reflect the divergent views."
But Schiff and Democrats argue that they found no evidence that the White House was trying to compel CENTCOM analysts to adjust their conclusions under "specified or political interpretation."
The preliminary results of the investigation were presented to Congress on Tuesday, the Daily Beast's portal.
Last August, the New York Times reported the existence of an investigation by the Pentagon's chief inspector, open after complaints of CENTCOM analysts.
Lieutenant Commander Patrick Evans, a Pentagon spokesman, said in a statement that the Ministry of Defence would not comment on the congressional report until the ongoing investigation of the chief inspector.
But he said that "experts sometimes disagree with the interpretation of complex data and intelligence agencies and the Ministry of Defence have welcomed a healthy dialogue on these vital issues concerning national security."
The consequences of the investigation go beyond the question of whether the goal of reaching the Americans bombing in Iraq and Syria (as now claims more representatives of the Ministry of Defence).
But last year's statements are forced to doubt whether President Obama is relying on the fact that the Central Command provides truthful assessment of military operations in Iraq, Afghanistan, Libya and other crisis points.
The criticism of intelligence on the Islamic State is repeating arguments that took place more than a decade ago, when Centcom intelligence analyst Gregory Hooker wrote a research paper, which claimed that the administration of President George W. Bush because of the protests of many analysts acted in support of a small number of troops in Iraq and not thinking about what will follow the invasion of 2003.
Hooker also played a key role in the protest caused by intelligence on Islamic State.
Last year, according to officials, the team hooker concluded that despite public statements to the contrary, airstrikes on the refinery, owned by the Islamic State, has not led to a significant deterioration in the fiscal position of the terrorist group because it has built temporary refineries to sell oil on the black market.
But the discovery was not spread outside of the Central Command, as reported by The Times in September.
The Centcom commander, General Lloyd J. Austin III, was criticized last year after testimony in the Senate, which many MPs considered an overly optimistic assessment of the war.
General Austin resigned in April and was replaced in the Central Command Gen. Joseph L. Votel.
The United States won four times in a row in women's hockey on the grass, thus approaching a decisive battle with Britain
Once scored three goals in the match, which ended with a victory over Japan with the score 6-1, Kathy Margera opened an account on Thursday were the first two goals for the U.S. women's hockey team, when the Americans won over India's team with the score 3-0.
Five goals in two games should be a memorable achievement, but BAM, which is 27 years old, said she was not sure whether she would ever do something like that.
"The mind doesn't apply," she said.
I'm actually not from those people who track their goals.
Here's what she knows: Americans score 4-0 in the Olympic tournament, and they compete for first place in their group with Britain, which remains invincible after losing to Japan with the score 2-0 on Thursday.
British and U.S. teams will meet on Saturday in the final game of the first round.
Both teams qualify for the quarter-finals, and the result of the game will determine who will take first place in their group of six teams, and who is the second.
The winner will avoid encounters with a strong team of rivals from Holland, the leaders of the other group, a little while later, when the games begin quarter-finals.
But the Saturday game shows that Americans here made the noise of their unexpected series, four years after they ranked last among the 12 teams at the London Games.
Bam was in that team.
She grew up in Blue Bell, Pennsylvania, took a hockey stick for the first time on grass when she was 3 (her older sister twins were playing this sport at Drexel), and joined the national team at the age of 16, she became the youngest player in history.
She missed the 2008 Olympics when she had not passed the qualifying round in the final.
Then came in 2012, when not all laditsya she and her teammates.
Next year, koeig Parnham, an Englishman, was appointed coach, and everything started to change.
"Cultural change, psychological change, change in physical training," said Bam.
In London we have not had such a performance that is now.
We have completely changed their views.
On Thursday evening, BAM opened the account in the first half of the game with an awkward throw hands at short distances.
India came into the game without a single victory in the tournament, but the team showed themselves surprisingly tough and kept score 1-0 until the end of the third period, when BAM took the initiative.
She made a long pass with the ball down the left side of the field, then went on a spiral in the middle and abruptly sent the ball into the gate, thereby giving the Americans a 2-0 advantage.
Melissa Gonzalez added the final goal in the middle of the fourth period.
The victory "pitching" was the first at the tournament for the U.S. goalkeeper Jackie Briggs, who missed one goal in each of the first three victories.
She's in a hit.
Like BAM.
"We're in a good position right now," said Parnham, but how good is it depends on the outcome of the game Saturday.
In the middle of the Olympic Games - "Zen" jumps on a trampoline
Wherever you are, no matter how much time is now, this is the Olympics.
Events in Rio de Janeiro seem unchanged and inevitable, this is a crazy combination of competition and aspiration.
Like the Olympic flame itself and there is a burning torch, which is transmitted from the Archer to the swimmer, to gymnast, to triathlonist.
You can't turn on the TV, read a newspaper or listen to talk to your neighbors in the queue at the cafe and not hear about Simone Biles, Kathy ledek or about the feud between Michael Phelps and Chad de Clos.
And yet there is Logan Dooley.
Dooley, participating in the Olympics for the first time, a handsome old cheeks, might well be among those celebrities who show in prime time, which is promoting sponsors and life-affirming commercials, if he was a swimmer, a gymnast or even a fencer.
But the 28-year-old Dooley from the city of Lake Forest in California is battling for gold in Olympic competitions by jumping on a trampoline.
The Olympic fire does not cover all the events in the same way.
Further from the centre, partly in the shadows, are those sports that are not recognized: air pistol shooting, archery, badminton, taekwondo.
Brass will always be with us, his long reign.
But if I am allowed to timidly speak out in defense of his personal predilections, allow me to draw your attention to the modest charm of jumping on a trampoline.
While jumping on a trampoline is an Olympic sport since 2000 when they debuted at the Games in Sydney, over the past 16 years they received so little recognition that many of the people I interviewed were not aware that they generally refer to Olympic sports.
This may be a regional ignorance.
Although the United States and sent athletes to competitions, they never won a medal in a trampoline, and their athletes did not come out in the final until 2012.
The Chinese and Russians are usually divided between a male award, while the Chinese and Canadians are female.
Dong Dong from China and Rosie MacLennan from Canada will defend his London gold medals this year.
But jumping on the trampoline have the charm of an outsider, in particular because the unenlightened ear is associated with a circus college rather than with the Olympic Games.
Here, I must confess that I am not an expert, but only a prizemlenny enthusiast.
They really have the comic potential is cartoon-strip flashing interminable jumps - but also the elegance of gymnastics and jumps into the water, the two sports that they are basically a combine.
The word "trampoline" derives from the Spanish word "El trlmpolín," meaning "a springboard for jumping into the water."
The contenders for victory on a giant trampoline, jumping off almost 30 feet into the air, and must complete a series of acrobatic tricks (turns, folds and Salto) before the final landing on his feet.
They are judged on performance, complexity and "time of flight," according to the official program of the Olympic Games.
Thirty two athletes from 17 countries, 16 men and 16 women, will compete in Rio.
The most common Olympic course is ahead.
The contenders for the medal should go further, faster, higher and higher in the pursuit of gold, sometimes to the finish, and sometimes back and forth, back and forth across the field.
They seek not only to the finish line or starting the wall, but also, at the sight of the cameras, to another teasing milestone: a world or Olympic record.
This is a relentless pursuit of nobly, worthy of admiration, even fanatic - and its enough to make proslezilsya even the viewer.
But it is, in my opinion, somewhat tiring when watching the game.
From him jumping on a trampoline give a respite.
Batutist direction - upwards.
The move forward is not a goal.
He or she jumps up, it seems weightless, as an astronaut, flies up, then down, then up again without effort.
And in them, of course, is not without competition or difficulties, but throughout the entire program there is no mad zeal to the finish, no jumps in length, only the brave, graceful disappearance of time and gravity.
This is the closest to the Zen Olympic sport.
Women's qualifying competition and then the finals will take place on Friday afternoon, broadcast an hour of the day on Eastern time; male - on Saturday, also an hour.
NBC will broadcast the finals as part of the daytime program starting at 14:00 on both days.
At the height of the Olympic madness is expected to be a quiet, beautiful moment, which can be easy to miss a total dump.
And if the growth of awareness can only be achieved by putting athletes opens views and objectify men - as, according to the Wall Street Journal, recently suggested male gymnasts from the United States, "Dooley only and waits for his new enthusiastic crowds of fans.
"Generation of protests" in Ethiopia, a longtime ally of the U.S.
The furious protests in Ethiopia
Demonstrators demanding political change in Ethiopia face fierce opposition from the government.
Witnesses say dozens of protesters were fatally wounded during clashes with police.
Whether Ethiopia is on the brink of a split?
Over the last decade, she has been one of the most stable countries in Africa, a firm ally of the West with a rapidly growing economy.
But in recent months, anti-government protests have shocked the country, spreading to an increasing number of its territories.
Only last week, thousands of people took to the streets demanding radical policy changes.
Human rights advocates said the government's response was brutal.
The eyewitnesses claimed that police officers shot dead dozens of unarmed demonstrators.
Video from the protests, allegedly shot at the end of last year or early this year, show how security officers beat young men with sticks when he put his hands to the wall.
The top official of the United Nations Human Rights Council now calls for a thorough investigation.
"It was always difficult to keep this country from collapse, and then it will be even more difficult," said Rashid Abdi, the head of the project "Horn" research at the International Crisis Group.
Ethiopia is Africa's second populous country after Nigeria, and its stability is backed by the West.
American military and intelligence services are working closely with Ethiopians to fight terrorist threats in the region, particularly in Somalia, and virtually no country in Africa does not receive such support from the West.
Ethiopia's economy is growing at an impressive pace.
Its infrastructure has improved dramatically - there is even a new commuter train in the capital Addis Ababa.
And its streets are usually quiet, safe and clean.
However, Ethiopia was hardly a model of democracy - human rights organizations constantly mention government repression - the opposition nipped in the territory of the state, at the expense of what dissidents actually were silenced.
Many of them were exiled, imprisoned, killed or exiled to remote deserts.
But that can change.
"If people constantly suppress and leave them no other option except to protest, the rebellion will rise," said Seium Teshom, a university lecturer in central Ethiopia.
All young people are protesting.
Generation is protesting.
The complaints are numerous, ranging from land use, ending with the seizure of power by the government coalition.
After a widely criticized election last year, the governing party and its allies have completely replaced the opposition and now control 100 percent of the parliament.
At the same time, tension along the border with Eritrea is growing; the struggle for this vague, disputed border has claimed hundreds of lives in June.
Analysts fear that separatist groups that were more or less destroyed in recent years, such as the Oromo Liberation Front or the Ogaden National Liberation Front, may try to use the unrest and rearm.
A number of factors explain why the bitter feelings, a few years simmering in the depths of the soul, out now.
The first one seemed totally harmless: smartphones.
Only in the last couple of years a large number of Ethiopians were able to communicate on social networks, as cheap smartphones have become mundane, and Internet service has become better.
Even when the government closes access to Facebook and Twitter, as it often happens, especially during the protests, many people still find the ability to communicate via proxy servers that hide where they are.
A few young ethiopets said it was because they were organized for the protests.
The second is that there is more solidarity between Oromo and Amhara, the two largest Ethiopian ethnic groups.
Oromo and Amhara are not natural allies.
For centuries Amhara from the predominantly Christian mountainous areas of Ethiopia flourished in politics and business, exploiting the Oromo people, many of whom are Muslims and live in low-lying areas.
But that is also changing.
"We will act together under a single start," said Mulatu gemechat, Oromo's leader.
Major protests took place in the Amhara and Oromo districts.
Many of the Amhara and Oromo people feel that in Ethiopia unfairly dominated by members of the ethnic group of the Tigray region, which accounts for about 6 percent of the population and which controls the military and intelligence services, trade and politics.
The third cause of unrest is the loss of Meles Zenawi.
Meles, a former rebel leader, the acting prime minister of Ethiopia for 17 years, until his death from an unknown illness in 2012.
He was considered a tactical genius, a man who could foresee the danger.
Analysts say he is particularly clever to detect the first signs of discontent and used the intelligence agents to obtain data and de-fang opponents.
"The current regime lacks common sense," said Abdi, an analyst with conflict situations.
Ethiopia's new prime minister, Hailemariam Desalegn, appeared nowhere and took the place of Meles.
Unlike Meles, who was originally from Tigray region in northern Ethiopia, Hailemariam is a southerner.
Analysts say he does not enjoy the confidence of the security services controlled by Tigray.
Many fear that this will lead to even more bloodshed.
The last time Ethiopia suffered such unrest in 2005, after thousands of people were protesting against what the analysts say, apparently, was the election that the government zaparyvat and then forged the results.
During the subsequent repression, many Protestants were killed, albeit in smaller numbers than in recent months, and this period of unrest has passed relatively quickly.
Development experts have expressed appreciation to the leaders of Ethiopia for visionary infrastructure development, such as a new inter-city train and significant successes in the fight against poverty.
But it is clear that this has not stopped the growth of domestic discontent with the government of Ethiopia.
And it takes a dangerous ethnic form.
Last month, protesters in Gondar, a city in amharya, attacked businesses belonging to Tigray, and anti tygraysky hatred in social networks become all-encompassing.
Analysts say protesters put the United States and other Western allies in an awkward position.
The US government used Ethiopia as a base for unmanned flights over neighboring Somalia, though it recently announced that it was closing the base.
On the one hand, it is clear that the West wants to support democracy, but on the other hand he does not want his ally lost power in an already unstable region.
"And this total will be hard to go through," said Abdi.
Donald Trump explains his statement that ISIS was founded by Obama, "sarcasm"
Donald J. Trump has tried to downplay the last conflict engulfing his election headquarters on Friday, claiming that he joked when several times this week claimed that President Obama and Hillary Clinton were "founders" of the terrorist group Islamic State.
Explanation raised new questions about the ability of the candidate for president from the Republican Party a good address to the American people.
It also put his deputies who tried to protect him during the period of unrest, in an awkward position, as they had to explain the statements that he probably had in mind.
Expressing this assumption at the convention on Wednesday night, Trump resolutely insisted in his statement on Thursday, saying in an interview that he really wanted to say that the president and Clinton founded ISIS.
But in a post on Twitter early morning on Friday, Trump wrote that just echidnicated.
The post was the direct opposite of the statement made only a day earlier, when Trump said in several interviews that he is absolutely serious in his indictment.
When radio conservative Hugh Hewitt tried to help Trump soften a statement reminding him that Obama wants to destroy ISIS, a candidate for the post of president of the Republican Party did not take advantage of the opportunity.
The latest scandal erupted when Trump was trying to refocus his campaign on the economy amid declining ratings.
Trump and Clinton spoke with competing speeches about the economy in Michigan this week.
On Friday, Trump again tried to get back to that topic.
Again resorting to Twitter, he warned that Clinton's plans would lead to tax increases, and said that her speech considered boring.
Trump has previously used sarcasm as an excuse.
At the end of July, after he raised a universal criticism, practically expressing the idea that the Russians should hack emails Clinton, he later explained his remarks, saying: "Of course, I'm kidding."
This approach allows Trump to go beyond permissible in political speech and take his words back if necessary.
"I think it's his way to test those or other messages that resonate among his fans, watch how they operate, and then" explain "them in one direction or another, depending on the reaction," said Ruth Sherman, a communications expert, carried out an analysis of the language of both candidates.
But I also think he is cautious in his statements and knows that they are vague enough to interpret them differently.
Rather than mitigate the statements for the broad electorate, Trump took a more caustic tone in recent days, while his approval rating continues to fall.
The new rating of NBC / Wall Street Journal / Marist, published on Friday, showed that Trump concedes Clinton with a large margin in North Carolina, Virginia and Colorado and going to catch up with her in Florida.
Although Trump usually tries not to apologize for the provocative things that says he often accuses his critics in the wrong interpretation of his words and misunderstanding his sense of humor.
But as Trump became the subject of increased attention in recent months of the presidential campaign, his jokes put his loyal allies in an awkward position: they have to publicly support it, whatever his provocative statements.
Rudolph W. Giuliani, the former mayor of New York, who is one of Trump's most famous deputy, made a serious effort to defend the candidate in an interview with CNN on Thursday.
"I think what he says is an acceptable political comment," Giuliani said, when he was asked a question about the credibility of Trump's assertion that Obama and Clinton founded the Islamic State.
This is true in the sense that Obama's ISIS was almost unknown to the tiny organization, he called it does not represent a threat, is absolutely unfair, and that's why it all happened because he withdrew troops from Iraq.
Most of the average Republican claims that the Obama administration, in which Clinton served as secretary of state, has allowed ISIS to develop as it failed to settle a tight situation in the Middle East.
Before the rally in Pennsylvania on Friday, Trump went on Twitter to attack the media for rasmusolivanie each of his words and bias towards him.
He abused the "poor unhappy" television experts trying to solve it, and said: "They are weak!"
Some Democrats ridiculed Trump's justifications as superfluous confirmation that he is not fit for the presidency.
Coffee once pushed back to Greenpoint
Coffee shop "Willow" was dilapidated, accepting only cash place in Williamsburg, where there was no Wi-Fi, but gave a good coffee for 15 years.
Naturally, she was pushed out of his room with a storefront on Bedford Avenue.
Soap shop "Cherie," which took place "Willow" in the summer of 2014, is engaged in the sale of soap in the form of a cupcake.
Local residents mourned her as the latest loss in an upgraded city.
The artist Molly krabapl wrote on Twitter: "New York is constantly changing, I know, but still can't believe the CBGB is dead, destroyed the Hotel Chelsea, and" Willow "has now become a soap shop."
But at least New York and constantly changing, he, in turn, is renewed.
The revived coffee house "Willow" opened in November last year in Greenpoint, less than a mile north of the original place.
In the new "Willow" there is Wi-Fi and accept credit cards, but there remained some of the same employees and a similar simple atmosphere.
The coffee is still good.
At the head of a new "Willow" stands Sisco Rodriguez, a longtime employee of the old coffee shop, who is the owner and general manager at the new site.
He began to work in "Willow" in 2001 and was there until the very end.
When one of the customers offered to donate it to a new location, he said he would be happy to do so.
Rodriguez, who is 36 years old, much left in the same way.
"Willow" works with the same distributor of bagels and bought the same model of coffee machine.
It even installed chandeliers from the old "Verba."
But Rodriguez said he would also like to experiment.
He offered new dishes.
The menu includes sandwiches with bacon, egg and cheese, and are available from capers or roasted onion topping.
There are dishes from the brown rice.
In the coffee shop no longer serve beer, but now prepare fresh juices.
After nine months, Rodriguez said he turned his attention to the constant stream of old regular customers.
"Many former customers have also squeezed the prices from Williamsburg," he shared.
In one recent Sunday, Rebecca Oliveira was one of those clients.
Oliveira, who is 34 years old, previously lived in Williamsburg and often visited "Verba."
Even after she moved to Greenpoint, she would still get there.
After closing "Verba" she said she stopped drinking coffee at a time.
"I realized that it was the coffee and the atmosphere appealed to me in" Willow, "she said.
Now she is again drink coffee, although that day instead of the usual ice coffee she ordered coupagirovan tea, another novelty.
Tom Rosenthal, another longtime client, faithfully visited the "Willow" since 2003.
He walked in front of the work and ordered invariably the same thing.
"Fifteen minutes in the eighth, every day, as on the clock, I came, and for me to prepare my bagel with butter and with all the stuff," he said.
Rodriguez confessed that he wanted to experiment and introduced new dishes on the menu.
Today, Rosenthal still makes regular order, but it is something that will ever change with the help of bacon, eggs or cheese on beigla with all the stuffing.
Rodriguez said he was not offended by the fact that the soap shop once conquered the old place.
Moreover, the owners of "soap Cherie" offered to produce a special soap for "Willow" using coffee from a coffee shop, cooked cold way, as an ingredient.
"I think we probably agree on their proposal," Rodriguez said.
Permanent residents of Greenpoint of Polish origin also picked up this coffee shop.
One of those new customers a menu translated into Polish, and Rodriguez said he plans to find a place for him in the window to his new neighbors feel desirable.
There are other benefits to the new place.
A local point for selling juices plans to pouring on bottles and sell coffee, cooked on a cold way.
There is a possibility that the coffee shop will connect to a neighbouring building.
For many customers, it is enough that the new "Willow" will include their favorite dishes on the menu.
Joseph Witt was a regular customer and shared that he was killed by grief when they shut down.
When the coffee shop opened at the new place, Witt said, come inside and ordering a cup of coffee, he felt as if he returned home.
"How long ago I wanted to feel this fragrance," he admitted.
Depressive eating of depression in the "thick meal"
In March 1933, shortly after ascension to the post of president, Franklin Delano Roosevelt sat down for lunch in the Oval Office.
Being a gourmet, President Roosevelt liked the fashionable dishes of Fifth Avenue, for example, foie gras and marylandsky turtle soup.
His menu that day was more modest: stuffed eggs in tomato sauce, potato puree and dessert - pudding from prunes.
"It was an act of culinary solidarity with people who have suffered," said Jane Ziegelman.
Her husband Andrew Coe added: "It was also a message to Americans about how to eat."
The couple, who live in Brooklyn Heights, are specialists in food history.
The last book Kowa, "ragout" in Chinese, was dedicated to Chinese cuisine in America, and Siegelman told the story of life in a rental apartment in the Lower East Side through the food in his book "House of 97 Orchard Street."
Their new joint work "thick meal," which will be published on Tuesday by the publishing house Harper is a story of American food in the Great Depression.
Show some degree of their own culinary solidarity, they met with a reporter for dinner at alt.usage.english's Sandwich Shop, a tiny crispy snack bar in the Flatiron district, which has been working since 1929, the year of the stock market crash.
Siegelman, 54, ordered a sandwich with pieces of cream cheese and olives, and Coe, 57, took the turkey, mashed potato and vegetable mixture.
When the reporter ordered meat roll, the pair saw this as a suitable starting point for discussion about food during the Depression.
"Rolls were in great demand," said Siegelman.
There was a arahisova roll, hepatic roll, a beanstalk roll.
They were made from the main ingredient and cheap products that allowed to stretch the ingredient.
Imagine that you ate as much peanuts as you need for dinner.
Coe has grimaced.
"Probably he was lying in the stomach of a stone," he said.
In the years before the Depression, the American table, especially in the countryside, was a buffet.
Women's groups were preparing for the men's farm workers, and freshly baked cake served for breakfast, lunch and dinner.
The Americans sent food to hungry Europeans during the first world war. "Dense meal" describes how the country can cope with what suddenly ceased to be a country of plenty.
"It was a time when food became a central, a difficult topic for Americans," Coe said, explaining why he and his wife decided to write about it.
The same difficult new budget diet: mysterious dishes, such as Rolls and cheesecake, became the main food; cheesecake is "a wonderful way to recycle leftovers," Siegelman said, "because the chefs could hide an unappetizing ingredients under a thick layer of sauce.
Fresh fruits were replaced by cheaper dried fruit.
Meat, for many years the former base of American food, has become economically distributed luxury.
People tried a strange mix, because energy and nutritional value became more important than taste and even culinary common sense.
Doing research for a book that includes recipes, Siegelman prepared dish of that epoch: bake onion, stuffed peanut butter.
"This addition to the dinner table did not enjoy success," Coe said.
Siegelman added: "It was very strange."
Peanut butter is not suitable for the baked onion.
This was characteristic of many domovodchesky recipes.
As never before and never since then, experts "- including Louise Stanley, head of the Federal Bureau of housekeeping from 1923 to 1943 - ruled the country's food habits.
Publishing recipes and articles in newspapers and magazines, they have advised women to become "compiled budget," accept the challenge and transform the swill like wipe spaghetti with carrots in a delicious dish.
"A hearty meal" is a feast of curious historical facts.
Particularly poignant stories about the government's reaction to the starving citizens, for example, the position of President Herbert Hoover in the spirit of "let them eat cake."
Publicly, exalting a simple concoction farm in Iowa during his childhood, he ate as a sophisticated millionaire who became.
"He liked the continental cuisine, for example, fish with cucumber sauce," Coe said.
He ate almost in the gilded dining room, wearing a tuxedo.
He was fantastic off from the reality.
President Roosevelt could make the same mistake if his wife Eleanor had not advised him to set an example of his own stomach.
As told in the book, Eleanor Roosevelt hired housekeepers, who are not interested in taste, and this has led to the White House "to use not only the most dull food in Washington, but sometimes the most disgusting cooked."
Many of the culinary receptions of the depression era were forgotten as soon as the country got back on its feet.
Their legacy is our constant focus on calories and nutrition, says Siegelman, and on how science was used in cooking.
The couple told that during the writing of the book they better understood the food habits of Siegelman's mother - that she could not throw food, for example.
"She was seriously afraid of negligent attitude to food," Coe said.
Siegelman recalls: "She's on full seriously poisoned people."
There was one nasty case with the now.
When the plates in alt.usage.english's empty, they took out a dessert with Coe, who prepared the house: a dessert of prunes that President Roosevelt had eaten for lunch.
"It's called a mousse of prunes," Siegelman said, adding that it was a common trick to give modest recipes catchy names.
There were no whipped cream, only prunes, a bit of flour, sugar, water and cinnamon.
All were reluctant to put a spoon in a viscous, brown, sticky substance.
Surprisingly, it was not bad.
Coe has twice asked the additives.
The voice of the confident compiler of the budget, he told his wife: "A little patties of walnuts would not stop here."
The arrest of the case of a mass brawl on the Khovansky cemetery is extended until November 14
Presnensky court upheld until November 14 under the arrest of the case of a mass brawl at the Khovansky cemetery, satisfying the appropriate application of the investigation.
In the case of the accused are 14 people.
Recall that the May 14 at Khovansky cemetery there was a mass brawl of several hundred immigrants from Central Asia and the North Caucasus with the use of weapons, in which three people were killed.
The former head of the cemetery Yuri chabuyev and lawyer, co-founder of the public organization "healthy nation" Alexander Bocharnikov charged with the murder.
The question of the second for 2016 indexation of pensions can be resolved within the next two to three weeks.
This was reported on August 12, Russian Deputy Prime Minister Olga Golodets, during a visit to the Bryansk region.
We have laid down specific parameters, as far as necessary to boost retirement to snivelation the inflation that exists in the country.
All calculations are made.
Now economists summarize the half-year, and we will finish the job within the next two to three weeks, "quoted Golodets" Interfax ."
Commenting on the proposed by the head of the Center for Strategic Research Alexei Kudrin scheme to increase the retirement age for six months each year, the deputy prime minister said that the cabinet did not consider this subject.
At the end of July, it became known that the Government agreed a position on the full indexation of pension payments in 2017.
Kamensky and Grigoryan passed in the final of the competition for shooting from a small-calibre rifle.
Russian athletes Sergei Kamensky and Kirill Grigoryan went through to the final of the competition by shooting from a small-calibre rifle from a lying position at the Olympic Games in Brazil.
According to TASS, Sergey Kamensky scored 629 points and took first place is a new Olympic record in qualifying.
Kirill Grigoryan became the second - 628,9 BYLLA.
Only eight of the best athletes took place in the final.
Kamensky is a world record holder in this discipline (633).
Turkish opposition Fethullah Gulen calls for an international investigation into the circumstances of a coup attempt in Turkey.
"I demand an independent international commission to investigate the attempted coup," Gulen is quoted by the French newspaper Le Monde.
The Turkish opposition also said that "if any part of the accusations are confirmed, I will return to Turkey."
However, Gulen strongly denies involvement in gosperevorot, emphasizing that his organization would never qualify for political power.
Istanbul's court earlier in absentia arrested the opposition Islamic preacher Fethullah Gulen.
Recall that the attempted military coup took place in Turkey on the night of 15 on July 16.
Gilead companies reimburse the costs of legal services during a dispute over a patent from hepatitis C with Merck
The company Gilead Sciences Inc has the right to obtain reimbursement for legal services that she suffered in connection with litigation on the issue of the patent for the drug from hepatitis C with drug manufacturer Merck & Co Inc, a federal district judge ruled.
In June the company Gilead was exempted from paying 200 million dollars in damages for violating two Merck's patents related to drugs company Gilead, sales leaders, सोवाल्डी and Harvoni, after a US judge found a number of violations on the part of Merck, including lying under oath and other unethical acts.
When addressing the court on Thursday the US Federal District Court Judge Beth Labson Freeman said the company Gilead has the right to reimbursement of expenses incurred in the course of questioning the claim.
Merck is trying to catch up with Gilead, which dominates the market for a new generation of hepatitis C drugs that can cure more than 90 percent of patients with liver disease.
The case took place in 2013, when the company Gilead and Merck sued each other, claiming their rights to laboratory work, the underlying sofosbuvira, the active ingredient of the drug company Gilead.
Armed forces, created with the support of the United States, claim that intercepted full control of Manbij from Islamic State
The armed forces, created with the support of the United States, seized full control of the northern town of Manbij near the Turkish border, after the last remaining in the city fled the militants of the Islamic State, a group spokesman said on Friday.
The Syrian Democratic Forces (UFM) now lead a clean-up of the city after the departure of the remaining group of militants hiding in the city.
They released more than 2,000 civilian hostages who had been held by militants, said the agency "Reuters" scharfan Darvish of the UfM alliance with the military council of Manbij.
"The city is now completely under our control, but we take the clearing operations," he told Reuters.
Clinton earned millions of dollars in 2015 and presumably paid 34.2 percent of the federal tax rate
Hillary Clinton on Friday unveiled its tax returns for 2015, which showed that the presidential candidate from the Democratic party and her husband had presumably millions of dollars of revenue this year and paid an effective federal tax rate of 34.2 percent.
In 2015 the Clintons received 1 million dollars in charitable contributions, mostly to fund Clinton, former President Bill Clinton received an estimated 5.3 million dollars in fees for speeches, and the former secretary of state announced $3 million in income from the publisher Simon & Schuster for her book about her stay at the post in the State Department.
Clinton's potential vice president, U.S. Senator Tim Kaine of Virginia, along with his wife Anne Holton unveiled tax returns for 10 years.
In 2015, they paid an effective federal tax rate of 20.3 percent.
"Hillary Clinton and Tim Kane continues to set the standard for financial transparency," said an adviser to Clinton's campaign staff statement Jennifer Palmieri.
In complete contrast, Donald Trump is hiding behind fake excuses and violates his past promises to release his tax returns.
This is a normal thing for US presidential candidates - to publish their tax returns, even though the law does not require it.
The New York businessman Trump and his lawyers have called the test of the state tax service as the reason for his refusal to release his tax returns.
"Your move," wrote on Twitter an adviser to Clinton's campaign staff Ian Sams, referring to the declaration of the candidate from the Democratic Party.
On Thursday, Trump's special adviser Michael Cohen told CNN that he would not allow Trump to release them until the end of the inspections.
Trump's critics, including Republican presidential candidate in 2012, Mitt Romney and other fellow Republicans, said that his refusal to raise questions about his condition, his charitable contributions, his business operations and other relationships, including with Russia.
Clinton seized on the issue and on Friday released an online video in which the main place was given to prominent Republicans who urged Trump to disclose tax reporting.
On Thursday, she raised the issue during a speech about the economy in Michigan.
"He refuses to do what he did without exception every presidential candidate for decades: to disclose their tax returns," she said to the assembled crowd.
The newspaper Politico reported that Trump did not pay little or no taxes for two years in the 1990s, and a business columnist for The New York Times on Friday quoted many tax lawyers and accountants, consider that, perhaps, as is still the case.
The federal tax rates have become a subject of debate in the presidential election.
Clinton supported the rule, named after billionaire investor Warren Buffett, which would ensure that people who receive more than $1 million a year will pay a tax rate of at least 30 percent.
President Barack Obama has also backed the proposal.
At a meeting with Clinton last week in Omaha, Nebraska, Buffett, whose Berkshire Hathaway conglomerate is based there, suggested Trump to meet and exchange tax declarations.
Buffett said he, too, is under the IRS test, and that Trump is "afraid" of the agency not to raise taxes, and the voters.
Clinton's pre-election headquarters unveiled tax declarations until 2007.
Clinton, who now live in Chappaqua, New York, paid an average federal tax rate of about 32 percent from 2007 to 2014 and an effective aggregate tax rate of approximately 40.5 percent.
The declaration of the Clintons for 2015 showed that, unlike most Americans, only for $100 from their income source were salaries.
Their main investment was priced index mutual fund, and Clinton declared dividends and capital income in the amount of $109 000.
Additional reporting by Kevin Drobo; editor Jonathan Oatis
Condoms with chili powder and fireworks increase the protection of Tanzanian elephants
Environmental campaigners in Tanzania use unconventional way to prevent elephants wandering into settlements - they throw condoms filled with chili powder.
The method was effective, and the organization Honeyguide Foundation, which came up with the idea a few years ago, together with the American Committee for the protection of nature took on his promotion to teach volunteers in the villages of northern Tanzania to use nonviolent, consisting of four steps, a way to protect their homes and crops without causing harm to animals.
Earlier, many had used spears to defend themselves.
On Friday there will be World Elephant Day dedicated to protecting animals.
"Since we invented a set of tools ... we see a change in attitude within these communities, with the result that they are much more confident that we will be able to keep elephants on their fields without causing harm elephants," - said in a statement, the executive director of the honeyguide Damian Bell.
The first two steps are made in the lighting of the torch before breaking the border elephant and feeding signals using horns.
If he has not managed to scare away, then throw the so-called "cloud of Chile."
Chili powder, mixed with soil, fits with the whip in a condom, and its end curls, outside remains only a fuse.
In the ignition condom bursts with thunder, spraying fine dust chili powder in the air.
One breath is usually enough to deploy the elephant to the other side.
Extreme measure is a trigger device that shoots Roman candles into the air, producing a loud, bright explosion.
Turkey has still not returned 32 Turkish diplomat who left the country after they attempted in July this year.
Such data led Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu, in a conversation with local journalists.
At the first stage, we withdrew 208 personnel diplomats so that they continue to work at the center.
Of these, 32 people without objective reasons and explanations have not returned, "said the head of the Turkish foreign ministry.
It should be reminded that in July the coup attempt took place in Turkey.
The country's authorities officially declared that gosperevorot failed, as well as the reported detention of more than six thousand people, among them senior military officials and middle managers.
As a result they have died, according to Turkey's Ministry of Foreign Affairs, 290 people.
Jewish director sharply criticized Berlin hotel for removing Israel's telephone code for "request" Arabs - told Channel RT News
The French director of the Jewish origin unleashed a media scandal, finding that the Kempinski Hotel Bristol in Berlin has no listed telephone code of Israel, with officials citing "requests" from the Arab clients.
Claude Lanzmann, the author of a documentary film about the Holocaust "Shoah," expressed his dissatisfaction with the Kempinski Hotel Bristol in Berlin by writing an open letter to the German FAZ MEDIA.
During his recent stay at the hotel Lanzmann attempted to find Israel in the list of telephone codes provided by the hotel.
The country, however, has not been mentioned among the states where you can call straight from the room.
How could it happen that in 2016 in Berlin, the capital of the new Germany, Israel ruled out and eradicate?
Written Lanzmann.
In return, Kempinski Bristol provides an opportunity to enter Israel through its own telephone service center.
In search of an explanation director raised the issue at the reception desk.
The answer he got there, according to Lanzmann, "shocked him."
The hotel clerk said that the measure was "the decision of the Kempinski hotel chain's management."
The reason behind this move has caused an even greater anger of the director.
"Most of our guests are Arabs, and they demanded that Israel's code was removed," he said, according to Lanzmann, an employee of the hotel.
The Israeli ambassador to Germany, Yakov Hadas Handelsman, called the case a "terrible shame," "the Lotto Zeitung newspaper reported.
We were shocked and shocked by the incident.
It's actually a terrible disgrace.
What happened in Germany and it is in this network of hotels, an even bigger disgrace.
Explanations are not needed here.
We expect the hotel to make the right conclusions, "the official said.
The case has caused a lot of resonance on the Internet; people have called it a scandal.
Some claimed the hotel Kempinski simply "went on about" the alleged demands of Arab clients.
"Ghd," "read another post where it was stated that the hotel, located on a glorious Kurfurstendamm Street, is located next to the synagogue.
The hotel itself is quick to dismiss any charges, calling the incident "neglecting" and "sorry" before Lanzmann, the newspaper Der Spiegel reports.
"There was no direct order not to include Israel in the list of the fast set," - quotes the words of the Kempinski Lotto Zeitung newspaper.
She adds that the code has now added.
Police use tear gas and rubber bullets against protesters Brazilian students
Students clashed with police in the Brazilian city of Sao Paulo on Thursday when they gathered to protest against government reforms of the state education system.
Police used tear gas and rubber bullets against protesters.
The unrest began when police officers attempted to disperse the students, as a result of which the police used rubber bullets and tear gas.
Several hundred students took part in the demonstration to express their concern about the plans.
In line with the proposals of the governor of the state of Sao Paulo, Geraldo Alckmin, almost 100 state secondary schools will be closed, and 300 000 students will be redeployed to save money.
Some protesters could be seen for writing on the walls of graffiti, directed against acting President Michael Temer.
This latest protest occurred just a few days after protesters took to the streets en masse to support dismiss President Dilma Rousseff, when the country's Senate voted to impeach her.
Trade between Russia and Iran grew by 71% - says portal RT Business
With the abolition of trade sanctions between Moscow and Tehran increased by 70.9 percent compared with the previous year, according to Russia's ambassador to Iran Levan Jagarian.
Since international sanctions against Iran were lifted, there has been growing interest from Russian firms to conduct business in the country, the ambassador said.
Russian companies renew ties with Iran, and new firms are ready to get access to the market.
Of course, further expansion of trade is one of the main priorities of bilateral cooperation with Iran, "said Jagarian.
He noted that during the first five months of 2016 trade turnover between Russia and Iran increased by 70.9 percent compared with the same period in 2015 and $856 million.
In particular, Russian exports to Iran rose 91.5 percent and amounted to $697 million.
Russian imports from Iran jumped 16 percent, to $158 million.
The increase in trade was achieved thanks to the supply of machinery, ground vehicles and weapons, "the ambassador said.
Jagarian also forecasts that this year a record number of Iranian tourists will visit Russia.
Last year, Russia's diplomatic mission in Iran issued approximately 35,000 visas, mainly tourist, Iranian citizens.
In addition, for the first time, Iran entered the member countries by the number of tourists visiting Russia.
It is safe to say that last year's record for the number of Iranian tourists visiting Russia will be beaten, "he said.
At the same time, relatively few Russians visit Iran, which the ambassador hopes will change.
"I personally recommend visiting the city of Isfahan, Shiraz and Yazd, which preserved monuments of ancient Persian civilization in good condition," he said.
The state continues the screws in the defense industrial complex.
The reason for dismissal became a "systematic failure" orders that the CEO of the group "Almaz - Antey," "omissions in work" and "loss of trust."
The head of the NGO for the next three years he was appointed Gennady billion.
Information about the dismissal of neskorodov appeared only on Thursday night and did not cause widespread resonance in the media.
What explains this silence in the face of large-scale rearmament of the army?
Most likely, the leadership of the Russian Federation does not wish to spread any rumors or negative assumptions in a public environment.
This proves once again that the defense industry (OCM) there are a lot of problems and the state does not want to attract attention to them by society.
Excluding Neskorodov is undoubtedly an important event from the point of view of the order in the industry.
NGOs "Diamond" is the group's parent company, which specialises in the production of surface-to-air missiles (SAM) marine and land-based.
Currently, the "diamond" leads the work of Sam "Polyment Redoubt" and "Morpheus," which are planned to be installed on new corvettes, frigates, destroyers and cruisers.
The founder of the portal military Russia Dmitry Kornyev believes that the dismissal of neskorodov is caused by the breakdown of deadlines for these projects.
This version is the most logical.
For example, the development of "Morpheus" began in 2007, and the launch was put into operation in 2013.
"Polyment Redoubt" should become the main air defense system on the new Navy ships.
According to the information I receive, for several years of testing was not done a really successful test.
The truth is, as far as I can judge, in that there is no unequivocal guilt "Diamonds," said Kornyev.
The expert fears that the delay with commissioning could happen with Sam "S-500."
Experimental design work on the project is still not completed, but during 2016 the first complexes should go to the troops.
The defense ministry assured that "the work is planning and everything will be completed on time," although in 2014, the agency acknowledged having problems with the development of the S-500.
It is extremely difficult to assess the professional qualities of neskorodov who directed "diamond" since 2011.
Kornyev stated that the breakdown of project deadlines can be both a cause and a reason for the dismissal.
In his opinion, in recent years it has become extremely difficult to extract information about internal processes in the defense industry and enterprise management plans.
The industry received long-term orders for tens of billions of rubles, and the big money is known to love the silence.
As a rule, the director of defence companies leave with the positions of their own desire, on the agreement of the parties or transferred to another job.
In this case, the suspension occurred publicly, though not a resonance.
It is tempting to think that the leader of the "diamond" was probably a figure of the Shrew and resisted down from above "raznaryadсa."
Apparently, the state no longer intends to tolerate such behavior.
Hands of shareholders it will exclude those who prefer to argue with the installation of the Defense Ministry and does not perform its tasks.
At the same time, the leadership of the Russian Federation is seeking to punish provorovyvatsya managers (machinations at the shipyard "star").
Increased attention to the problems of the sector pays personally to the president.
Vladimir Putin heads the Military Industrial Commission, and periodically conducts meetings devoted to the rearmament.
The Kremlin protects the ranks of managers in the defence industry, seeking to have on hand a loyal member of the directors who will execute the orders received from the top.
This is a far from imperfect policy, but against the backdrop of rampant corruption and the lack of normal competition in the defense of other instruments of the state.
The current situation in the defence, of course, is not catastrophic, but the current geopolitical environment encourages the Kremlin as soon as possible in order to bring the armed forces.
In parallel with the "cleansing" of managers in the Russian defence industry leadership is taking quite successful steps to improve the professionalism of the Russian troops.
The army personnel has acquired a new quality with coming to the post of defense minister Sergei Shoigu.
There is an impression that the president took on arming the famous saying "if you want peace, prepare for war."
During the Cold War, Soviet military power and nuclear parity achieved in the 1970s led to the conclusion of the Helsinki pact that secured over Moscow's sphere of influence on the continent.
For all the shortcomings of the bipolar system, it has worked quite effectively.
The proof of this is the absence of war on the European continent and a relatively stable situation in the Middle East.
The triumph of the "winners" in the cold war eventually turned the strengthening of international terrorism.
After a series of terrorist attacks in Europe and the United States in the "civilized world," perhaps there is no calm corner.
Despite the overall disaster, the West refuses to talk with Russia at the level of an equal partner.
In such conditions, the only allies of our country remain navy and army.
The strengthening of military power would allow Moscow to effectively defend national interests and reach a new frontier of world politics.
Scotsman Callum Skinner rush to the finish line, as a result of which the British capture the cycling gold
Scotsman Callum Skinner rushed to triumph in the men's team sprint at the Velodrome in Rio last night, leaving the UK team trio to defend his title from London 2012.
the 23-year-old native of Glasgow was in the role of the strongest, which his fellow Scotsman Sir Chris Hoy made his own, and the young man proudly entered history, sped to the finish line to pull out the victory of the favorite team from New Zealand.
Britain claimed the right to an unexpected victory four years ago, winning when Hoy claimed rights to the fifth of his six Olympic gold medals.
And they repeated the trick, after having finished modestly sixth world championship at the UCI Track Cycling World Championships in London, despite the fact that Hoy since then finished his career.
The question between Beijing and London was the replacement of the participant's specialist Jamie Staff.
They did so just in time when Hindes appeared.
The departure of Huy also created a void that Kian Emadi and Matt Crampton had tried to fill in.
Skinner was the man who held the British coaches, seeing the potential in the Scotsman, which has now been implemented.
Hindes, Kenny - champions with Hoy four years ago - and Skinner have set an Olympic record in qualifying, but the norm was surpassed in New Zealand in the first round.
And the British trio won the duel for gold.
Hindes was exactly behind after his round, but Kenny pushed the team forward, and Skinner supported.
The change of strategy was a big part of the transformation, where Hindes was driving for greater transmission to slow down and allow Kenny and, especially, Skinner to keep pace.
Hoy watched from his seat as the BBC invited expert and caught the view of Skinner, Kenny and Hindes when they stepped on a pedestal.
23-year-old Skinner from Glasgow said: "It's a flattering comparison."
I'm here to do my best and make a name for myself.
We set an Olympic record in the final and won the world champions.
It was unbelievable.
There's no better way to win.
After the triumph in London in 2012, along with Kenny and Hoy, Hindes admitted deliberately fell on the track after a failed launch.
He later renounced the comment, and there was no way to appeal from the UK's competitors.
There was no such question this time in the greatest victory.
Hindes said: "I felt like in London, with all those British flags on the podium."
We all as a team have met in the last three months.
We have lost so many races with the world's name to win the Olympics again, it was just amazing.
This is one event, one gold medal for a country that has won seven of the 10 race titles in both Beijing and London.
If this is a barometer of progress, perfect in the last five months, then unveiled wait another five successful days.
With the form, show Kenny, it is not beyond the ability to imagine how he repeats the feat of Huy, winning three Olympic gold medals in one Games.
This would see as Kenny - who exactly 12 years younger than Huy, who was born on March 23, too (this seems to be a sacred date in British sport, which is also the birthday of Steve Redgrave, Mo Farah and Roger Bannister) - bring their account up to six gold medals and one silver.
It would also be like Huy.
The next time Kenny compete in the sprint, which begins today and played out for three days.
the 28-year-old from Bolton said: "I'm just enjoying it now.
Team competitions are always the best.
You come to win with your comrades.
A little lonely to win one, if honestly.
Hindes said: "If he wins two more gold medals, he should get the chivalry."
It was the only day the draw of medals, but there were further good news for Britain.
Sir Bradley Wiggins, Ed Clancy, Steven Burke and Owen dull qualify the fastest four team pursuit race four.
They finished at 3:51.943.
The world record, set in winning gold in London 2012, is 3:51.659.
The first round and the final (10:42 p.m.) will be held today, on the second day of the event, where Wiggins will definitely be at the center of attention.
He had a discussion with the commissioners yesterday, on the eve of the qualifying arrival, when officials asked him to measure his weight.
In the women's event, which resumed and ends tomorrow, Laura Trott, Joanna Rousell Shand, Elinor Barker and Katie Archibald from milngavi improved the world record, showing time 4:13.260.
Team Great Britain has come to rely on a powerful team of cyclists to take ownership of the middle period of the Olympic Games and earn a bunch of medals.
After actually exceptional demonstrations of complete superiority in Beijing and London, expectations have been loosened in the gradual preparations for Rio.
The drama was on the second plane, not the last - a departure from the position of technical director Shane Sutton in April because of accusations of sexism and harassment, and the departure of major figures such as Hoy and Victoria Pendelton.
However, on the basis of the first night race at the velodrome, it seems that the legendary glory now velikobritaniii in reaching peaks at the right time might just be repeated again.
The future of the Portland metallurgical plant is under threat due to the termination of the contract for electricity
The future of the Portland aluminium smelter in Victoria - as well as the jobs of hundreds of workers are under threat due to the electricity company that supplies the plant, according to one of the owners of the plant, intends to terminate the contract of delivery: it is planned that the supply contract will be terminated.
The move is a consequence of the decision taken earlier this year by the government of Victoria, not to renew the subsidies provided to support the operation of the plant.
A fixed subsidy for 20 years expires in November.
Up to 2,000 jobs could be under threat at the Alcoa plant in Portland.
Whole 2 000 jobs - directly and indirectly - may be at risk as a result of any closure.
Also there may be additional indirect consequences, as metallurgical plant consumes about 10 percent of all electricity produced in Victoria.
In 2014, Alcoa closed its metallurgical plant at Point Henry, leading to the closure of power stations in Marquess last year.
Alcoa's Portland metallurgical plant is losing money and risking closure.
These actions were the result of reflection on the future of the plant, continuing for several years, initially due to the strong position of the Australian dollar, and later - because of the prices of the products of the plant.
Company AGL, which supplies a large aluminum plant with electricity from its Loy Yang A power station in the Latrobe Valley, said it expects the other three owners will also take steps to terminate the contract.
Controlling share of the factory belongs to the short-term joint venture company Alcoa and Alumina, and Chinese company Citic and Japanese company Marubeni Corp owns a smaller share.
"The company AGL expects that the Portland facility will continue to work, that is, that physical demand for electricity from the plant will not be stopped," she said.
According to company AGL mentioned contracts is the so-called 'hedged contracts'that were supposed to come into force in November 2016.
Contracts have a 12-month period of termination, so in fact they will end in 2017.
"Accordingly, the company AGL still expects that these contracts will bring its share of income in the 2017 financial year," said the electricity company.
Any potential impact on the profits of the company AGL since the 2018 financial year is currently limited to forecasts for a strong futures market for wholesale electricity prices.
The company AGL said it had already reduced the amount of contracts in its reporting on 187 million dollars in view of the "impending termination."
According to Alcoa, the decision to terminate the contracts "does not affect Alcoa's ability to manage the plant or to ensure the supply of electricity to the metallurgical plant."
The American company said that in 2010, signed a 20-year contract with Loy Yang, who was to enter into force in November this year, but she has yet to explain why she had terminated the contract.
Analysts feared the possible closure of a Portland metallurgical plant in Victoria and the Tomy plant near Newcastle due to unfavorable economic conditions in the industry.
Addressing analysts earlier this week, the head of the company's operation service AGL Stephen Mikkelsen said Portland uses about 600 megawatts of energy each year, while Tomy is about 900 megawatts.
If both of these plants will withdraw from the market, will be a significant reduction in demand in the market [electricity].
For us, as for the producer, it will be bad, "he said.
Not only is the star of a reality show Kardashian, Kendall on the cover of the September issue of Vogue
Kendall Jenner, 20 years, the model and the fourth daughter of clan Kardashian Jenner's mother manager Chris, appeared on the cover of American Vogue magazine opens in September.
Kendall, who is the face of the brand Estee Lauder and the catwalk at fashion week in Milan, Paris and New York, announced the news on her Instagram account on Thursday.
"Being in the room with my loved ones, I looked at the cover and cried," Kendall wrote.
News of the cover was accompanied by a strange (or simply in the spirit of "keeping up with the Kardashians"?), prepared a reality video in which the whole family of Kardashian Jenner (Deboshir Rob and Caitlin, also joined him universal most beloved uncle of show business, producer of "Kardashians" Ryan Seacrest), forgot about the appearance of the sisters on the cover, and at the end - a classic twist: they were planning a surprise party.
This is a standard story line almost all episodes of the children's television show dedicated to birthday (Seacrest utters the phrase: "You thought we forgot about you?" with the sincerity of a cartoon rabbit from the program at 8 a.m.), but Chris was needed to somehow get the glory and the other girls.
Because with this episode, in the September issue of Vogue, we certainly have entered a new era of Kardashian show.
Let the older sister Kendall Kim and got on the cover of Vogue earlier (she appeared on her with her husband Kanye West in April 2014), but the September cover of the magazine is an achievement in itself.
The September issue is the best-selling edition of Vogue for the year.
The thickness of a similar gift edition, rather than at a fashion magazine, issue attracts a huge number of advertisers (according to calculations of the fashionista portal, 615 pages from last year's 832-stranitschny release contained advertising).
News about who will get the stars on its cover, expected with such impatience that in the last two years, the photos of the magazine merged before the official announcement.
The number of previous women caught on the cover, including Naomi Campbell, Linda Evangelista and Kate Moss.
In recent years on the cover, of course, was represented by more "celebrities who work models" than "models that are celebrities."
The winner of the prize "Oscar" and the face of Dior brand Jennifer Lawrence was represented on the cover in 2013, a year after the honor of Lady Gaga.
But even in the unlikely case that Jenner, which the magazine described as "an outstanding model" of his generation, falls into the first category, she's in good company.
These celebrities are not relatives of famous people, the star of a reality show or modern children who know how to make a good video on Snapchat (though Jenner gets into all these categories).
These are really talented women who succeed in the entertainment industry.
For Beyoncé, appeared on last year's cover, this year was one of the most successful in a career in connection with the release of the album lemonade.
Of course, not everyone is happy to succeed Jenner.
The position of Jenner in the fashion world, due to its last star of the television reality show, has always had to remain shaky.
In June, one of the first Victoria's Secret model Stephanie Seymour criticized Jenner and her colleague, Gigi Hadid, calling them "sluts."
These sentiments are again seething after news of the appearance of Jenner on the cover of Vogue.
But there is no point in getting stuck on the discontent.
Kendall Jenner on the cover of the September issue of Vogue.
She is a supermodel in every sense of the word.
She's reversal for Marc Jacobs.
It sells you a tonal cream from Estee Lauder.
She and all her sisters, you sell your photos in the same applications available on a paid subscription.
She sells personally made photos of her daughter Cindy Crawford magazine love.
And in his spare time, it is possible to still visits with his sister Courtney and her children, she participates in a reality show on television.
Community legal centres refuse to serve 160 000 people a year
Every year, more than 160 000 of the least protected members of the population denied service in public law centres, as the sector is preparing for further funding cuts effect that will have on the already waged to limit activities.
In Queensland, three out of five people - mostly elderly, immigrants, unprotected workers, victims of violence, people who do not have the ability to fight unfair deprivation of property and so on - have already received a refusal, trying to get free legal advice and representation.
Community legal services, already working beyond the capacity, are preparing for further cuts.
From June next year, these legal centres should lose another 30 percent of the federal funding.
The director of the Queensland community legal centre James Farrell said that according to the latest census report, the National Association of Community Legal Centres, already thousands of people a year receive a waiver.
Farrell said that if the federal government's decision not to be cancelled, the situation will only get worse.
"The Queensland community legal centres are constantly receiving inadequate funding: it means that thousands of people receive a denial in the vital services they need," he said.
People who leave violent relationships, people with unmanageable and razoritelny debts, families going through divorce, unfairly laid-off workers - all of these people have problems of a legal nature, and this report shows that they cannot get the help they need.
The federal government cut funding by 30 percent since June 2017, which means thousands of less protected residents of Queensland will be forced to deal with complex legal issues without help.
We call on the Minister of Justice and the Queensland senator George Brandis immediately cancel these funding cuts so that people can get the necessary assistance when they face legal challenges.
Last year, the state government has fulfilled its commitment to raise funding for free legal assistance to the national average.
Now it is time to pay attention to the needs of community legal centres and communities, their clients, and it is time for the government to palashchuk movie to this important work.
On Donald Trump's election headquarters filed in court, after an employee allegedly threatened with a pistol
According to reports from New York, at the election headquarters of Donald Trump filed in court: allegedly headquarters nothing taken after reports that its operational director in North Carolina threatened an employee with a pistol when they drove a Jeep in February.
The incident was described in a lawsuit filed Wednesday in state court in Charlotte Vincent Bordini, a former instructor at work with software in the state's election staff.
Boardini said he waited several months to resolve the problem in the internal order, but realized that "this will not happen."
Director Earl Phillip "drew a gun, put his right index finger on the trigger and sent a muzzle on the knee-jerk cup of Vincent" - so boardini said in the complaint.
Complaining to the local and regional administration headquarters, boardini realized that at least four others were members of similar incidents with Phillip, argued in the appeal.
"It is not necessary to shoot a gun in order to inflict damage," Bordini said in the complaint.
The lawsuit occurred just two days after the Republican presidential candidate made a furor, telling an audience in North Carolina that "people of the second amendment" is understood as gun owners and its fans - can begin to act if his rival Hillary Clinton will be elected and will be able to select judges.
Trump's election staff said the media's his words out of context, and that he did not speak out in support of violence.
In its complaint, the boardini demanded compensation from the campaign staff for the indifferent control, and from Phillip - the threat of physical violence, defamation action and infliction of emotional harm.
A spokesman for Trump Hope Hicks hesitates to respond to a request to comment.
Attempts to talk to Phillip did not succeed.
WCCB, a local news affiliate in Charlotte, said that Phillip had recently resigned from the campaign staff.
In response to the call to his consulting firm, Innovative Consulting Services, no one quickly returned.
The Republican Party presidential candidate Donald Trump held a controversial campaign.
Case: Bordini against Donald J. Trump for President Inc., 16-cs-14300, the General Court, the Supreme Court of Mecklenburg County (Charlotte).
Britain should send in the right direction the Olympic spirit and to expand Heathrow
Heathrow will also bring renewal and prosperity not only in our local communities and in the whole of London, but across the country.
As for me, this was precisely the huge advantage of Heathrow, just as it was with London 2012, where we have made every effort to ensure that our nationalities and regions have benefited from the games.
The Olympic Games have brought huge benefits to Stratford and East End.
And we will do so again, creating opportunities for local residents and firms close to Heathrow.
Only for our local communities, we will create 10,000 new internships, 40 000 new jobs, and put an end to youth unemployment around the airport.
Just as it was before London 2012, there will be those who think that the task of expanding Heathrow is too massive.
I was told that Britain will never be ready for the Olympic Games, and that we will find ourselves in trouble on the world stage.
Skeptics were wrong in 2012, and they will prove wrong about Heathrow.
There are always obstacles that need to be overcome, but Heathrow responds to any question asked of him.
Like the Olympic Games, Heathrow is an infrastructure project for the majority, not only for a narrow circle.
Enlargement is an opportunity to create up to 180,000 new jobs, 211 billion pounds of economic growth, leaving a legacy of skills and employment both around the airport and across the United Kingdom.
We have a great team at Heathrow, which has implemented a program of 11 billion pounds of infrastructure investments on time and within budget, from T5 is chosen as the best airport terminal for five years in a row, to T2, built in the middle of the two most engaged runways in the world.
Now they are ready to provide a third runway, confirmed by 16 billion pounds of private investment.
The 2012 London Olympic Games were a huge success for the UK, and I am sure that the expansion of Heathrow will also be.
It is time for us to send the Olympic spirit in the right direction and expand Heathrow, ensuring our trading future and creating a legacy of skills and employment that Britain can be proud of.
Lord Paul Deighton, chairman of the Council of Heathrow and former trade attache of the Treasury
Adblock Plus, Facebook is playing a "cat and mouse" on the issue of blocking advertising
For companies that earn money on Internet advertising, attempts to circumvent the software to block ads are a game of "cat and mouse," according to one of the companies that create such software.
On Thursday, just a couple of days after Facebook announced that he was going to block the ad blocker on the desktop version of the site, Adblock Plus posted a blog entry that users can update their filters in the program to block ads on the social network again.
On Tuesday, Facebook announced that the desktop version of the site will change the layout around its advertising to blocker advertising has become more difficult to identify which parts of the page are advertising.
But the Adblock now says that was able to bypass the new code.
In her blog, Adblock spokesman Ben Williams wrote that "this kind of mutual struggle between ad blocker with the open source community and those who try to circumvent it, continues since the invention of blocking advertising," and it is possible that Facebook will introduce its own solution in the near future.
The fact that the world's largest social network has entered the fight, is a clear sign of how big the problem has become ad blocker for the industry.
Around 200 million people around the world use ad blocker, according to last year's study PageFair and Adobe; almost four times more than the number of those who use such software in 2013.
Given the 1.3 billion daily active users who visit Facebook through mobile devices, mobile advertising now accounts for 84 percent of Facebook's revenue from advertising.
However, the company is on the hunt for the ad blocker on the desktop version, as mobile ad blocker is ineffective in mobile applications for social networks Facebook and Instagram, according to a representative.
But still advertising in the desktop version is a sufficiently profitable article to Facebook considered such a step a profitable investment.
Also on Thursday, Facebook announced that it was going to renew its tool "advertising preferences" to give people more control over how they targetirates advertising.
On Thursday, Facebook said that new filters Adblock are causing concern, as they will also block some nereklamy content on the site.
"This will not be a positive experience for people and we are going to solve this problem," a Facebook spokesman said in an email.
Ad blocker is a crude instrument, so we focus instead on creating tools such as advertising preferences to transfer control into the hands of the people.
Woman moved to Swiss motorway in an episode of apparent suicide
The victim lay on the motorway in the middle of the night.
Police are calling for witnesses after a woman moved several vehicles on a highway early on Thursday in an apparent suicide attempt.
The incident happened on the A1 near Morges in the canton of Vaud just after midnight on Thursday.
The woman lay on the road in the dark "in a gesture of despair" and its hit several vehicles, police said in a statement.
Clearly trying to kill himself, the victim, a Swiss woman aged 49, hit several vehicles, including a truck.
She died on the spot.
Several involved drivers have already interviewed, but the identity of some still has not been established, police said, which encourages them and anyone else who witnessed the incident, to respond.
There was a criminal case, a "logical" step in such a situation, said lawyer Gilley Hofstetter Le Tribune de Geneve.
However, it remains to be seen whether there will be someone from the involved drivers to show the charges.
Was it possible to avoid a hit?
That's what should determine the prosecutor, "Hofstetter said.
Two other similar cases over the past five years suggests that drivers will not be found responsible.
In each case - both of which involve a man going in the dark on the highway - was a sentence that motorists cannot expect a random encounter with a pedestrian on a highway in the middle of the night, according to the newspaper.
Last year, the officer was acquitted of causing death by negligence, after she hit and killed a man lying on the A1 near Payern night in August 2014.
the 22-year-old victim drank and lost consciousness on the road, the court heard.
The court found that a female police officer - who responded to an emergency call is ruled by a vehicle in a manner that was justified, and that the presence of a man on the road was "quite exceptional and unpredictable situation," the judge said.
Anyone who has information about the incident on Thursday near Morges should call police on 021 644 83 46 or 021 644 44 44.
NASA climate model: Venus was once inhabited
Venus may have once been inhabited, according to a new NASA climate model.
Scientists from the nasovsky Goddard Institute of Space Studies have developed a model for the study of the past Venus, using tools and algorithms, similar to those that apply to a climatologist.
The model was developed to determine whether on Venus, with its hot anhydrous surface and atmosphere, oversupplied with carbon dioxide, ever exist conditions like earthly.
Scientists have previously suggested that a small rotation speed of Venus is explained by its dense atmosphere.
But the latest modelling suggests that Venus probably could have a rarefied atmosphere similar to Earth's, and still rotate slowly.
The model also considered the topography of early Venus.
The planet is likely to be more arid regions than on Earth, but once there was enough water and enough geographic variability to create conditions for life and prevent the rapid evaporation.
Early Venus also went in favor of the Sun, which was 30 percent dull.
"According to GISS model, the slow rotation of Venus substitutes its day side of the sun for nearly two months at a time," explained in a message to print a scientist from GISS Anthony Del Genio.
This warms the planet's surface and produces rain, which creates a thick layer of clouds, acting as an umbrella that protects the planet's surface from the essential part of solar heat.
The result is the average climate temperature, which, surprisingly, a few degrees colder than our days on Earth.
The model shows the history of Venus, similar to the development that previously supposed experts to study the planets.
Despite the fact that Venus may have been inhabited for several billion years, she was exposed to too much heat and ultraviolet radiation.
Its oceans evaporated and its water vapor was on ultraviolet radiation.
When its hydrogen Alite, remained only a dense atmosphere of carbon dioxide with the deadly greenhouse effect - that is, Venus, as we know it today.
Researchers shared the results of their new climate model Venus in the journal Geophysical Research Letters.
Patrick Roy is leaving the post of Avalanche team coach
Patrick Roy left the post of coach and vice president of hockey operations, the Colorado Avalanche on Thursday, citing a lack of influence during the decision-making process in the team.
Executive vice president / chief executive of Colorado team Joe Sakic confirmed the news and noticed that the club will begin to search for a new coach immediately.
"For the past three years I have fulfilled my responsibilities of the chief coach and vice president of hockey operations, the Colorado Avalanche with energy, passion and determination," 50-year-old Roy said in a statement.
During the summer, I thought long and hard about how I could improve this team to give it the necessary depth to it and raise it to a higher level.
To achieve this goal, the vision of a coach and vice president of hockey operations should ideally coincide with the vision of the organization.
He must also have a voice in decisions that affect the team's work.
These terms are not met at the moment.
Sakic, who hired Roy on May 23, 2013, thanked Roy for his contribution to the team.
"Patrick told me about his decision today," said Sakic.
We appreciate everything he has done for our organization, and we wish him success in the future.
Roy became the winner of the Jack Adams Award as the league's best coach during his first season with the Avalanche team in 2013-2014.
He led the club to the 112 points and a victory in the Central Division, but Colorado was defeated Minnesota in the first round of the playoffs and lost the playoffs the last two years.
Avalanche team announced evaluation 39-39-4 in the 2015-2016 season and five points behind the team from the wild in the fight for a second special ticket for participation in the Western Conference.
A goalkeeper from the Hall of Fame, Roy won four Stanley Cup - two with the Montreal Canadiens and the avalanche.
North Sea oil workers resume talks and suspend strike
Workers strike on the wages of the oil in the North Sea are suspended, and all sides of the debate to start a new round of negotiations, the leading representatives of the parties said.
The strikes against the oil-field company Wood Group sporadically organized on platforms in the North Sea run by Royal Dutch Shell.
"Wood Group and unions Unite and RMT can confirm that we have agreed to resume the process of negotiations to resolve the current dispute," - said in a joint statement.
We will hold several meetings on a full day for the next few weeks, starting from the beginning of next week to look at problems with fresh eyes.
Unions reported that their recent rally, which, they said, was the first for more than 25 years, was directed against potential wage cuts of up to 30 percent.
Wood Group company this year reduced the rates paid by contract employees working in the North Sea, approximately 9 percent due to negative market tensions.
Lower rates from the company occurred after a 10 percent reduction in rates for contract employees working on the shore, in 2014.
According to the company, additional cuts will give her the space needed to overcome the market slump.
Shell, for its part, has cut thousands of people and announced plans to stop oil and gas activities in the countries of up to 10 as it streamlines its operations as a result of its mega merger with British energy company BG Group.
Energy companies are under pressure due to declining prices of crude oil: the economic situation worsened because of the decision to withdraw from the European Union, the United Kingdom adopted in June.
Scottish MP Dave Anderson met with union leaders earlier this week to discuss one of the biggest labor conflicts arising in the North Sea in our epoch.
The North Sea, he said, is vital for the regional economy.
"In the North Sea, and across the country, we need an economy that would work for the majority, not just for some," he said in a statement.
Less than $1.4 billion of spending on new projects in the North Sea is expected in 2016, by contrast with an average value of about $7 billion over the past five years.
Kepler measures the speed of rotation of stars in the Pleiades cluster
The last mission of the Kepler space telescope helped astronomers to collect the most complete catalogue of the rotation speed of stars in the Pleiades cluster.
The new data will help astronomers to understand why the stars in the cluster rotate at different speeds, as well as periods of rotation correlate with the formation of planets.
"We hope to compare our results with other star cluster, we learn more about the relationship between the mass of the star, its age and even the history of the solar system," said in a message to print Louise riball, a researcher at the Infrared Processing and Analysis Center at the California Institute of Technology.
Pleiades cluster is in 445 light years from Earth.
Many stars in the cluster now only reach maturity; they were born around 125 million years ago.
They rotate as quickly as they never will.
At its peak speeds of rotation these mature stars emit large amounts of stellar wind.
Traveling through the magnetic fields of stars, these winds have a slow action on the stars.
As the ageing stars, its rotation speed is beginning to slow down.
Kepler measures the speed of each star, tracking the time between the appearance of recognizable star spots - such as sun spots.
The new rotation speed catalogue suggests that the more massive stars rotate slowly than less massive stars.
Riball compares stars with dancers: larger pirouettes are slower than smaller.
"In the" ballet "of galaxies we see that those that rotate slowly, usually more massive, whereas those that rotate faster, usually refer to very light star," said riball.
Since the Pleiades cluster is so close, it serves as an ideal space laboratory to compare the properties of stars with the speed of rotation.
"Pleiades star cluster provides a starting point for theoretical models of rotation of stars, both younger and older," said riball.
We still want to know more about how, where and why the stars slowing down the speed of their rotation and hang on the nail of his "Dancing Shoes," figuratively speaking.
Riball and her colleagues detail their latest analysis of the speed of rotation of the Pleiades in three new articles, which will soon be published in the Astronomical Journal.
The investigation related to the activity of a group of detainees in Crimea Ukrainian saboteurs, led by two agencies, writes "Kommersant."
The FSB collects evidence of involvement of detainees to the preparation of sabotage in Crimea.
As previously reported, confessions gave residents of the Ukrainian city of Energodar Evgeny Panov, agreed to cooperate with the investigation.
According to him, as an object for sabotage, he viewed the chemical plant "Titan" in Armyansk, acquired in Feodosia, Kerch ferry, gas pipeline, as well as one of the military airfields.
The law-enforcers believe that not all of his accomplices have managed to detain the saboteurs.
This, in particular, became the basis for the arrest of suspects in Kiev while Simferopol, the newspaper notes.
The head coach of Russia's national football team was Stanislav Cheresov
At the meeting of the executive committee of the Russian Football Union made a decision on the appointment to the position of head coach of Russia's national football team Stanislav Cheresov.
The contract with him will be calculated for two years - until the completion of the chme-2018.
On August 11, the RFU executive committee appointed to the post of head coach of Russia's national football team Stanislav Cheresov.
This is a famous footballer, who previously played in the Moscow "Spartacus" at the goalkeeper's position, as well as a coach with solid experience, a mentor of such Russian teams as all the same "Spartacus," "Sochi" Pearl, "Terek," "Amkar," "Dynamo" as well as the Warsaw "Legion," which won the national championship and the country's Cup.
It is reported that the contract with Cheresov will be signed in the nearest future and is designed for two years.
Thus, it is his responsibility to prepare the team for the 2018 World Cup.
It is known that in his coaching staff will include Miroslav Romaschenko, Gintaras Staučė, Volodymyr panikov.
There is information, according to which the salary of the entire coaching staff will amount to 2.6 billion euros per year.
According to media reports, the RFU has put before Stanislaw Cheresov goal to bring the Russian national team to the semi-finals and win medals.
As the coach himself stated, as a priority, he is considering the creation of a competitive environment in the team and is going to give the players the opportunity to prove themselves.
Also, according to Cheresov, he's glad that the choice fell on him.
The first match under the leadership of Cheresov team will hold on August 31 in Antalya - it will be a friendly meeting with the Turkish team.
Recall the earlier post as head coach of the Russian national football team was Leonid Slutsky, who carried it to receive at the club CSKA.
He announced his departure from the post after the failed performance of the national team of Russia on cities in France.
At the same time, he took responsibility for the team's poor results on themselves.
Squeezed between Angola and South Africa, Namibia has suffered greatly during the long struggle against apartheid.
Nevertheless, after gaining independence from South Africa in 1990, the country with a population of 2.4 million people has achieved tremendous success, especially in the last few years.
The main reason for Namibia's success is that the government pays much attention to education.
While people in developed countries take for granted free primary and secondary education, in many poor countries in secondary and even primary schools require tuition.
Moreover, governments are often advised to introduce tuition fees for "cost recovery."
However, in Namibia, education in primary schools is free.
Moreover, with 2015 free has become a secondary education.
The country's authorities are also active in other important areas.
Malaria eradication efforts have reduced the number of annual cases of 97% in the past ten years.
Contrary to the international trend of rising inequality, it is declining in Namibia.
Compared to 1993, the Gini coefficient, which is a standard measure of income inequality, fell by 15 points.
Then, 23 years ago, this figure was one of the highest in the world.
And the poverty rate fell from 69% in 1993 to less than 30%.
The number of people living in extreme poverty (less than $1.90 per day) also fell, with nearly 53% to less than 23 percent.
Namibia also has the highest rating of freedom of speech in Africa, according to reporters without borders ."
The country is far ahead of the United States and other rich countries.
In addition, the country has a favorable rating - one of the highest in Africa - in the "corruption perception index" that make up human rights defenders from Transparency International.
Even now, when commodity prices fall, Namibia manages to maintain high growth rates.
At the same time, the ratio of debt to GDP is about 25%, which is less than 1/3 of the debt levels in the United States and most European countries.
Of course, Namibia has some problems.
The unemployment rate, at least according to traditional methods of assessment, still remains fairly high - almost 28 percent.
And, like other countries in the region, in Namibia, the high incidence of HIV / AIDS - almost 17% of the population are infected.
According to World Bank estimates, Namibia is among the countries with income above average, but authorities insist that their state actually is a developing country.
Namibia will certainly face some difficulties that are inherent in the poorly developed economies.
The state has to develop a very large and dry country with a small population.
On the territory of the country live in deserts isolated nomadic hunter-gatherer tribes who somehow have to be integrated into modern society, without losing their identity.
Integration of people that a quarter of a century ago were on the periphery of the world economy, a difficult task for any country.
It is even more difficult for Namibia: just like any other country in the world, it faces the consequences of climate change.
However, Namibia and not thought to lower the hands, the country decides to confront its problems.
Almost immediately after independence, the authorities engaged in a diversified economy and a cohesive society.
It is remarkable that competing political factions have gathered together to work for the common good.
Indeed, Namibia provides cheap medical care not only its own citizens, but also its neighbors.
About 15-20% of visitors to medical facilities in the northern regions of Namibia - Angolan citizens.
Nobody in Namibia is talking about building a wall that would separate the country from poor and corrupt neighbors.
Namibians realized that neighbors did not choose, and therefore decided not to conflict with them, and to cooperate - sharing scarce water resources, take part in regional medical projects, encourage investment and exchange students.
In addition, the government of Namibia is rightly considered that the rich natural resources can easily become a curse, contributing to the enrichment of the few at the expense of many.
Authorities understand that revenues from the natural riches of Namibia need to invest in infrastructure and production capacity.
They also realize that it would be irresponsible not to seek to obtain the maximum profit from the sale of the country's resources, and reviewing investment laws and mining contracts to ensure that this is so.
Transparency is crucial to this process, so the government's strong support for the freedom of speech is so important.
According to the head of state Hage Geingob, the media often say what he doesn't like.
But after a struggle for freedom from apartheid in South Africa, Namibia must defend freedom, says the president.
Not all Namibia's key resources are exhaustible.
Some - such as fisheries - are renewable, and the government is making every effort to preserve and strengthen them.
Every year, more than a million foreign tourists visit the country.
Namibia shows that even those countries that start with serious flaws - racism, colonial system, inequality and low levels of development - can get on the path to shared prosperity.
Her achievement deserves international recognition and imitation.
Many have heard of "gold Varna" - the oldest gold objects created by man (4600 - 4,200 B.C.).
Perhaps it was the loudest archaeological sensation of the 1970s: in Bulgaria, during excavations of the Varna Necropolis, a fantastic number of gold artifacts were found - more than three thousand total weight of 6 kilos.
Only one burial, known as "grave No. 43," was extracted 990 gold items with a total weight of more than 1.5 kilograms.
However, the official status of the ancient gold of the world may soon move to the kind of grubby Dze found by archaeologists in July of this year.
And again in Bulgaria - in a prehistoric settlement known as Tell Unacite.
Unlike Varna, the port city, Tell Unacite is located away from the sea, near the village of unacite Pazardzhik District.
Dze is a gold stripe, coiled in the ring.
Javor Boyadzhiev, head of excavations at Tell unacite, dated the find of 4600 years B.C. and stated that she is older than the gold of Varna for at least 200 years.
The treasures of Varna, remember, dated around the same period, 4600 - 4200 BC.
Technologies that allow with impeccable precision dating metal, currently does not exist.
Where is the confidence in which gold is more ancient?
Obviously, Professor Boyadzhiev knows more than told Reuters: "I am quite sure that gold unacite older gold of Varna."
This is the discovery of extreme importance: with this tiny object, but it is big enough to take its place in history.
In an interview with Reuters Boyadzhiev said that in the near future scientists will analyze the composition of the metal, as well as again and more thoroughly examine the archaeological layer, where the gold artifact was found.
This will help dating bead with the maximum possible precision.
The place of the finds, too, explains a lot.
Tell Unacite - the settlement of the famous, even if you have never heard of it.
Currently, Tell Unacite is considered to be the oldest "city" of Europe.
Tell was founded by descendants of people migrating to Europe from Anatolia (modern Turkey) in the seven millennium B.C.
Over the subsequent centuries, metal processing has developed rapidly in the region, from the development of the first metallurgical skills to create a full-fledged industry.
In domestic historiography for this archaeological community has a special name: Balkan Carpathian metallurgical province.
In the 5th millennium B.C. around the metal processing centers began to arise urban settlements.
Now they are called the ancient cities of Europe.
Of them Tell Unacite, perhaps the oldest, since here were found artifacts 4900 B.C..
I would call Tell Unacite the prototype of the modern city, although it is a very ancient settlement, even compared to Mesopotamia.
"This place is like a thousand years old," says Boyadzhiev, referring to the conventional wisdom that the urban culture originated in southern Mesopotamia - modern Iraq.
There was the first city in the usual sense of the word.
The excavations of Tell Unacite conducted since 1976.
During this time, the archaeologists have unearthed almost 12 hectares, it is roughly a third of the total area of the proposed settlement.
Were found remnants of the fortress wall, which once reached three meters high.
From homes and workshops, little is preserved, but archaeologists clearly distinguish the streets, public buildings, urban dense construction, "business center" and residential suburbs.
Tell Unacite is often called "Bird City": dozens of clay figures of birds were found here.
All the birds are depicted in a state of rest, hence the assumption that they were not decorative objects, and the object of a local cult.
"Bird City" was destroyed around 4100 B.C. - perhaps the Indo-European tribes who came from the northeast.
The nomads had no towns, but there were horses and weapons.
Three-meter fortress walls did not stop them.
Archaeologists have discovered the obvious signs of a brutal massacre: the remains were found inside the homes of old men, women and children with traces of wounds inflicted by battle axe.
New findings and new facts emerge every year, changing the conventional view of the ancient history of mankind.
Bulgarian archaeologists are increasingly talking not about individual cultures, but about "lost" the first civilization of Europe, which originate in the Balkans.
A powerful incentive in search of this civilization was the "gold of Varna" found relatively recently, in 1972.
It is logical that the golden luxury of Varna should be something preceded - something like a tiny gold beads created to Tell Unacite.
In the Porsche artificially age model 911 Targa
Officially stated that the preparation of the 911 Targa 4S exclusive design is carried out by hand specialist units that work with serial machines.
"Retro bow" is, for example, a special body color Etna Blue, which was developed in 1960 for the Porsche 356B model - even the logo painted the color of the model.
In addition, Targa top got branded white graphics along the boards and special 20-inch wheels RS Spyder, as well as some details of the body painted in "white gold metallic."
In the interior of retro sideway noticeably less: it is, by and large, gray and blue design schemes, new seats with the expanded range of adjustable and bathrooms with black anodized steel thresholds with the logo of the unit.
In addition, when buying a special version every buyer will get a case for car and richly decorated album with photographs of the production process.
Power plant specialists Porsche Exclusive touch did not become: retro Targa top performance quite coincides with serial.
It is equipped with a turbocharged six-cylinder engine with a volume of 3.0 litres, 420 hp and 500 nm.
The most dynamic version of the 911 Targa 4S can accelerate up to 100 km/h in 4 seconds.
Porsche 911 Targa 4S exclusive design will be released in a limited edition, but neither its volume nor the cost of each car is not communicated.
Facebook and ad blocker has unleashed a "arms race"
The recent introduction of Facebook technology to prevent the concealment of advertising on social media pages, provoked the developers of decisions to block advertising on the response.
The Adblock Plus released "antidote" but Facebook plans to soon make and its useless.
So the Adblock Plus advertise its new technology that will most likely remain effective for a short time
Representatives of the social media noted that, seeking to deceive the new technology "neblocation" advertising, the decision of Adblock Plus, together with commercial ads blocks and many ordinary posts from friends or pages.
Facebook expressed regret that the policy of Adblock Plus and promised to solve the problem soon.
As a source of social media among developers told the publication TechCrunch, the code that makes Adblock Plus useless on the desktop site Facebook will be ready within the next few hours.
Thus, socseti and blocker unleashed a kind of "arms race," trying to beat each other, the affected side became users skip interesting entries from friends or see ads where they are not accustomed to seeing it.
The ethical aspects of blocking advertising lately cause heated debate.
The rapist faces court in Murmansk · Vecherniy Murmansk.
His case has already finished investigating at the Investigative Committee of the Russian Federation in the Murmansk region.
The prosecution presented the 54-year-old man quite serious - committing violent acts of a sexual nature.
The investigation found that at the end of November 2015 accused Pavlova Street area in Murmansk has committed acts of a sexual nature with the use of violence against the 20-year-old devushka.ugolovny affair with the approved indictment conclusion is directed to consider essentially.
The sanction of the article provides the maximum punishment in the form of imprisonment for up to six years.
Dongfeng brought to Russia crosswan fengguang 370 and pickup Rich New - site behind the wheel www.zr.ru
Dongfeng fengguang 370 - a representative of the growing popularity of luxury cars in China, combining the dignity of the minivan and the crossover.
Another claimed Russian premier - pickup Rich New.
Many Western firms Moscow International Motor Show this year decided to ignore, so the emptiness of the exhibition halls "Crocus Expo" will be filled by Chinese firms.
In particular, Dongfeng Motor Corporation will perform a powerful front, with great views of the Russian market and intentional in the near future to offer our drivers a number of interesting novelties.
One of them will become a crosswan Dongfeng fengguang 370, on sale in China this spring at a price of 55 900 yuan (slightly less than 550 thousand rubles at the current exchange rate).
Russians such a price tag is unlikely to shine, and the question of supply to our country is still under discussion.
In China, by the way, fengguang 370 on the results of the June sales managed to reach the 11th place in the list of best-selling minivans, although due to the large road clearance (175 mm) and a protective plastic tire/wheel bottom of the perimeter of the body it can be classified as a crossover.
Crosswan built on a new platform for a younger model fengguang 360, 370-go the same wheelbase at 2725 mm, but the body is slightly longer (4565 mm vs. 4510 mm), solid design, and the equipment is richer.
The interior is decorated with wooden planochka, but shown in a photo of a large vertical touch screen "like Tesla" on the central console was only in the early exhibition crosswan copies, and the sale of the car came with "music."
Five of the seven seats are easily shaped, forming a smooth loading platform length of 1,650 mm, the maximum volume of the trunk - 1500 L.
There is only one engine for fengguang 370 - 1,5-lytrový gasoline "atmospheric" with a capacity of 115 hp, appeared with a 5-speed manual transmission.
The car manufacturer is modestly silent about the dynamic qualities, but the owner's budget promises a gentle appetite at the level of 6.7 L/100 km.
The Rich New Pickup is familiar to the Russians the Nissan NP300 Navara of the last generation, but with slightly improved Chinese stylists design.
Despite the morally obsolete structure, this model still enjoys a stable demand from Chinese consumers as a reliable and undemanding "workhorse."
At a similar price, Rich New will certainly be interested and Russians, because modern Japanese pickups have become prohibitively expensive.
Rich New is equipped with two engines to choose from: gasoline 2.4 litres (137 H.P.) or turbodiesels 2.5 litres (116 hp).
The gearbox - only the mechanics, the drive is to the rear wheels, but there are modifications and with tightly connected "limbered."
It will be on the stand Dongfeng and the new flagship sedan A9, his Russian premiere representation of Chinese firms announced back in June.
Minvanopodobny crosswer in the Chinese market is becoming more and more, one of the latest innovations - Cowin V3 and SWM X7.
Currently the Russian line Dongfeng consists of two models: the S30 sedan and hatchback H30 cross.
For the first seven months of this year, the Chinese firm's dealers sold 696 machines in our country.
The notice on the transport tax will cease to be sent by mail - the site behind the wheel www.zr.ru
Tax inspection has changed the order of sending notifications on property taxes.
All Russian owners used to not change the scheme for years: in the summer and autumn they receive by mail transport tax receipts to pay for the previous year.
This year, however, many of them do not wait.
The fact is that the tax inspectorate quietly changed the order of notification of the citizens.
Those who are registered in the "taxpayer's personal office" on the official website of the agency nalog.ru, the notice will come electronically.
The inspection automatically considered such Russians online users and wiped them out of the standard, "paper" newsletter.
Innovation will touch all owners of vehicles and real estate.
Everyone else will still get familiar letters.
However, there is an opportunity to return to the old scheme and the account holders on the site.
To do this, they will have to visit the tax service department during August and write a statement.
On the one hand, the new order is more modern and convenient.
The notice will appear in a "personal account" immediately after drawing up, whereas the letter will go several days and may be lost altogether.
In addition, the number of users of the Internet service tax inspectorate exceeded 18 million people, which will allow the agency to seriously save on a mailing list.
On the other hand, the modest news on the inspection site is clearly not enough to inform citizens about the changed order.
Some were able to register in a "personal office" to receive a one-time service and have long forgotten about it.
These people do not wait for the notification by mail and, without being aware of it, fall into the category of non-payers, with all the ensuing consequences.
Access to the "taxpayer" account is carried out in three ways: through the portal gosuslugi.ru account, using the electronic signature or entering the login and password from the registration card.
The latter can be obtained personally in any branch of the tax inspectorate (regardless of the place of registration).
We remind you that in the current year, the transport tax must be paid before December 1.
The notification mailing began in July.
"Mercedes-Benz G class, in which adjustments are aimed at achieving a very high return, is a thing in itself.
But the controversial concept does not embarrass the masters of the power company G, who tackled the modification of the sportversion Mercedes AMG G 63.
G power is known for its addiction to BMW cars, but nothing human is alien to its masters.
Indeed, why not improve G 63 - 571-silny flying sledgehammer with the aerodynamics of the tank and the dispersal of up to a hundred for 5.4 with?
Pushing the "muscle" madman "gelika," masters have taken advantage of the advantages that opens 5,5-lytrový naddówna "G8."
But the dynamics of the acceleration up to hundreds of improved on undetectable 0.1 with, and now flying "brick" is able to leap over 5.3 S.
However, acceleration from the average speeds will certainly give him noticeably better.
The ceiling is daunting: if the standard G 63 speed faster than 210 km/h will not travel, then look to deactivate the three-ton electronic "collar" is able to squeeze 250 km/h.
Outside the car is almost indistinguishable from its original factory, with the exception of the other wheels - 23-dujmovyi Hurricane RR dimension 305/35 ZR 23.
The Mercedes Maybach luxury division announced a remarkable conceptual coupe with a length of 6 meters, which will be presented as part of the competition of elegance in Pebble Beach.
Mercedes-Benz is going to compete with the "green sub-brand" BMW i, and will promote its electric models under its own brand.
In the coming years, the emergence of at least four green innovations is expected.
